<doc id="6980903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980903" title="Gaston Curbelo">
Gaston Curbelo

Gaston Curbelo (born April 8, 1976) is a French former footballer who played as a striker. He played the majority of his career for AS Nancy in the Ligue 1.
Gaston Curbelo was born in Nancy and is the son of 1970s AS Nancy player Carlos Curbelo. He holds both French and Uruguayan nationalities.
His family relocated to Nice where Gaston signed for OGC Nice as a youngster. The family moved again, back to Uruguay, where he signed for Huracán Buceo.
However, it was back in Nancy that Curbelo was to begin his professional career in earnest. Signing in 2000 for the Ligue 2 club, he debuted in the 1–0 defeat at FC Gueugnon on March 10, 2002.
Curbelo became a regular for Nancy at the end of that season and, apart from an injury which ruled him out of a large portion of Nancy's first season back in Ligue 1, has played regularly for the club since.
External links.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6980908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980908" title="I and I Am a Camera">
I and I Am a Camera



</doc>
<doc id="6980909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980909" title="Kukke Subramanya Temple">
Kukke Subramanya Temple

Kukke Subramanya (IAST: "Kukke Subrahmaṇya") is a Hindu temple on the banks of Kumaradhara River in the village Subramanya in Kadaba taluk (previously in Sullia taluk) in Dakshina Kannada district, Karnataka, India. Kartikeya is worshipped as Subramanya, lord of all serpents in the temple. Epics say that the divine serpent Vasuki and other serpents found refuge under Subramanya when threatened by the Garuda. The priests in the temple are Shivalli Madhwa Brahmins. The poojas and other daily rituals in the temple are performed as per Madhvacharya's "Tantra Sara Sangraha".
Legend.
According to legend, Kukke Subramanya is one of the seven sacred sites established by Saint Parashurama. It is the location where the divine serpent Vasuki sought refuge in Kukke Subramanya to escape Garuda, the celestial bird and vehicle of Lord Vishnu. It is believed that Lord Kumaraswamy and his brother Lord Ganesha defeated the demon rulers Tharaka and Shura Padmasura at Kumara Parvatha, near Kukke Subramanya. Following his victory, Lord Kumaraswamy married Devasena, the daughter of Indra, in a grand ceremony attended by major deities, who blessed the place with divine energy.
Popular rituals.
The Ashlesha Bali Puja, a ritual seeking protection from black snakes, and the Sarpa Dosha Parihara, performed to remove curses associated with the snake god, are two of the most popular puja rituals conducted at the Kukke Subramanya Temple.

</doc>
<doc id="6980916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980916" title="The Examined Life">
The Examined Life

The Examined Life is a 1989 collection of philosophical meditations by the philosopher Robert Nozick. The book drew a number of critical reactions. The work is drawn partially as a response to Socrates assertion in Plato's "The Apology of Socrates" that the unexamined life is one not worth living
Summary.
The book is an attempt to "tackle human nature, the personal, 'the holiness of everyday life' and its meaning." Nozick expresses his concerns with libertarianism and proposes some form of inheritance taxation. According to reviewers such as Thomas Kelly, Nozick used "The Examined Life" as well as another work to "explicitly [disown]" the earlier radical libertarian concepts he presented in "Anarchy, State, and Utopia".
Reception.
Denis Donoghue praised "The Examined Life" in "The Wilson Quarterly", but stated that it had some passages that were less strong than others. The journalist Jane O'Grady called the work "disappointingly schmaltzy" in "The Guardian".
In "The Oxford Companion to Philosophy" (2005), the philosopher Anthony Quinton described "The Examined Life" as "unkindly treated".
Jim Holt, a columnist for The Literary Review leaves a few remarks about the "semantic slum", essentially deeming it "trickled down philosophy", saying that it is not worth following/reading.

</doc>
<doc id="6980919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980919" title="Diridon">
Diridon



</doc>
<doc id="6980928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980928" title="Thermal expansion valve">
Thermal expansion valve

A thermal expansion valve or thermostatic expansion valve (often abbreviated as TEV, TXV, or TX valve) is a component in vapor-compression refrigeration and air conditioning systems that controls the amount of refrigerant released into the evaporator and is intended to regulate the superheat of the refrigerant that flows out of the evaporator to a steady value. Although often described as a "thermostatic" valve, an expansion valve is not able to regulate the evaporator's temperature to a precise value. The evaporator's temperature will vary only with the evaporating pressure, which will have to be regulated through other means (such as by adjusting the compressor's capacity).
Thermal expansion valves are often referred to generically as "metering devices", although this may also refer to any other device that releases liquid refrigerant into the low-pressure section but does not react to temperature, such as a capillary tube or a pressure-controlled valve.
Theory of operation.
A thermal expansion valve is a key element to a heat pump; this is the cycle that makes air conditioning, or air cooling, possible. A basic refrigeration cycle consists of four major elements: a compressor, a condenser, a metering device and an evaporator. As a refrigerant passes through a circuit containing these four elements, air conditioning occurs.
The cycle starts when refrigerant enters the compressor in a low-pressure, moderate-temperature, gaseous form. The refrigerant is compressed by the compressor to a high-pressure and high-temperature gaseous state. The high-pressure and high-temperature gas then enters the condenser. The condenser cools the high-pressure and high-temperature gas allowing it to condense to a high-pressure liquid by transferring heat to a lower temperature medium, usually ambient air. In order to produce a cooling effect from the higher pressure liquid, the flow of refrigerant entering the evaporator is restricted by the expansion valve, reducing the pressure and allowing isenthalpic expansion back into the vapor phase to take place, which absorbs heat and results in cooling.
A TXV type expansion device has a sensing bulb that is filled with a liquid whose thermodynamic properties are similar to those of the refrigerant. This bulb is thermally connected to the output of the evaporator so that the temperature of the refrigerant that leaves the evaporator can be sensed. The gas pressure in the sensing bulb provides the force to open the TXV, and as the temperature drops this force will decrease, therefore dynamically adjusting the flow of refrigerant into the evaporator.
The superheat is the excess temperature of the vapor above its boiling point at the evaporating pressure. No superheat indicates that the refrigerant is not being fully vaporized within the evaporator and liquid may end up recirculated to the compressor which is inefficient and can cause damage. On the other hand, excessive superheat indicates that there is insufficient refrigerant flowing through the evaporator coil, and thus a significant portion toward the end is not providing cooling. Therefore, by regulating the superheat to a small value, typically only a few °C, the heat transfer of the evaporator will be near optimal, without excess liquid refrigerant being returned to the compressor.
In order to provide an appropriate superheat, a spring force is often applied in the direction that would close the valve, meaning that the valve will close when the bulb is at a lower temperature than the refrigerant is evaporating at. Spring-type valves may be fixed, or adjustable, although other methods to ensure a superheat also exist, such as the sensing bulb having a different vapor composition to the rest of the system.
Some thermal expansion valves are also specifically designed to ensure that a certain minimum flow of refrigerant can always flow through the system, while others can also be designed to control the evaporator's pressure so that it never rises above a maximum value.
Description.
Flow control, or metering, of the refrigerant is accomplished by use of a temperature sensing bulb, filled with a gas or liquid charge similar to the one inside the system, that causes the orifice in the valve to open against the spring pressure in the valve body as the temperature on the bulb increases. As the suction line temperature decreases, so does the pressure in the bulb and therefore on the spring, causing the valve to close. An air conditioning system with a TX valve is often more efficient than those with designs that do not use one. Also, TX valve air conditioning systems do not require an accumulator (a refrigerant tank placed downstream of the evaporator's outlet), since the valves reduce the liquid refrigerant flow when the evaporator's thermal load decreases, so that all the refrigerant completely evaporates inside the evaporator (in normal operating conditions such as a proper evaporator temperature and airflow). However, a liquid refrigerant receiver tank needs to be placed in the liquid line before the TX valve so that, in low evaporator thermal load conditions, any excess liquid refrigerant can be stored inside it, preventing any liquid from backflowing inside the condenser coil from the liquid line.
At heat loads which are very low compared to the valve's power rating, the orifice can become oversized for the heat load, and the valve can begin to repeatedly open and close, in an attempt to control the superheat to the set value, making the superheat oscillate. Cross charges, that is, sensing bulb charges composed of a mixture of different refrigerants or also non-refrigerant gases such as nitrogen (as opposed to a charge composed exclusively of the same refrigerant inside the system, known as a parallel charge), set so that the vapor pressure vs temperature curve of the bulb charge "crosses" the vapor pressure vs temperature curve of the system's refrigerant at a certain temperature value (that is, a bulb charge set so that, below a certain refrigerant temperature, the vapor pressure of the bulb charge suddenly becomes higher than that of the system's refrigerant, forcing the metering pin to stay into an open position), help to reduce the superheat hunt phenomenon by preventing the valve orifice from completely closing during system operation. The same result can be attained through different kinds of bleed passages that generate a minimum refrigerant flow at all times. The cost, however, is determining a certain flow of refrigerant that will not reach the suction line in a fully evaporated state while the heat load is particularly low, and that the compressor must be designed to handle. By carefully selecting the amount of a liquid sensing bulb charge, a so-called MOP (maximum operating pressure) effect can be also attained; above a precise refrigerant temperature, the sensing bulb charge will be entirely evaporated, making the valve begin restricting flow irrespective of the sensed superheat, rather than increasing it in order to bring evaporator superheat down to the target value. Therefore, the evaporator pressure will be kept from increasing above the MOP value. This feature helps to control the compressor's maximum operating torque to a value that is acceptable for the application, such as a small displacement car engine.
A low refrigerant charge condition is often accompanied when the compressor is operational by a loud whooshing sound heard from the thermal expansion valve and the evaporator, which is caused by the lack of a liquid head right before the valve's moving orifice, resulting in the orifice trying to meter a vapor or a vapor/liquid mixture instead of a liquid.
Types.
There are two main types of thermal expansion valves: internally or externally equalized. The difference between externally and internally equalized valves is how the evaporator pressure affects the position of the needle. In internally equalized valves, the evaporator pressure against the diaphragm is the pressure at the "inlet" of the evaporator (typically via an internal connection to the outlet of the valve), whereas in externally equalized valves, the evaporator pressure against the diaphragm is the pressure at the "outlet" of the evaporator. Externally equalized thermostatic expansion valves compensate for any pressure drop through the evaporator. For internally equalised valves a pressure drop in the evaporator will have the effect of increasing the superheat.
Internally equalized valves can be used on single circuit evaporator coils having low-pressure drop. If a refrigerant distributor is used for multiple parallel evaporators (rather than a valve on each evaporator) then an externally equalized valve must be used. Externally equalized TXVs can be used on all applications; however, an externally equalized TXV cannot be replaced with an internally equalized TXV. For automotive applications, a type of externally equalized thermal expansion valve, known as the block type valve, is often used. In this type, either a sensing bulb is located within the suction line connection within the valve body and is in constant contact with the refrigerant that flows out of the evaporator's outlet, or a heat transfer means is provided so that the refrigerant is able to exchange heat with the sensing charge contained in a chamber located above the diaphragm as it flows to the suction line.
Although the bulb/diaphragm type is used in most systems that control the refrigerant superheat, electronic expansion valves are becoming more common in larger systems or systems with multiple evaporators to allow them to be adjusted independently. Although electronic valves can provide greater control range and flexibility that bulb/diaphragm types cannot provide, they add complexity and points of failure to a system as they require additional temperature and pressure sensors and an electronic control circuit. Most electronic valves use a stepper motor hermetically sealed inside the valve to actuate a needle valve with a screw mechanism, on some units only the stepper rotor is within the hermetic body and is magnetically driven through the sealed valve body by stator coils on the outside of the device.

</doc>
<doc id="6980933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980933" title="Eliza Island">
Eliza Island

Eliza Island is located in the western part of Bellingham Bay in the U.S. state of Washington. It lies just east of the southern part of Lummi Island, in Whatcom County. Eliza Island has a land area of . Its population was ten persons .
The island was named by Charles Wilkes during the Wilkes Expedition of 1838–1842. One of the few names given by Wilkes that does not honor either members of his crew or American naval officers, Eliza refers to Francisco de Eliza, the Spanish commander of a 1791 expedition to the Pacific Northwest. Wilkes may have named the island for his daughter or his sister, both named Eliza.
The south end of Eliza island is home to commercial and recreational crabbing.
Eliza Island has a small airstrip that can only be used during daylight hours, and one dock which is used strictly for loading and unloading. There is no scheduled ferry service to the island, although private charters can be hired for residents. It is a private island with only about five people who live there year-round. Private generators provide electricity, and a communal water desalinization system is used to provide water to the residents. Only people who are 25 or older or disabled are allowed to use golf carts; although most residents travel by foot. A designated swimming beach on the south side of the island is sandy and somewhat shallow.

</doc>
<doc id="6980937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980937" title="Deus lo volt">
Deus lo volt



</doc>
<doc id="6980941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980941" title="Owen Lafave">
Owen Lafave



</doc>
<doc id="6980942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980942" title="Noxious weed">
Noxious weed

A noxious weed, harmful weed or injurious weed is a weed that has been designated by an agricultural or other governing authority as a plant that is harmful to agricultural or horticultural crops, natural habitats or ecosystems, or humans or livestock. Most noxious weeds have been introduced into an ecosystem by ignorance, mismanagement, or accident. Some noxious weeds are native, though many localities define them as necessarily being non-native. Typically they are plants that grow aggressively, multiply quickly without natural controls (native herbivores, soil chemistry, etc.), and display adverse effects through contact or ingestion. Noxious weeds are a large problem in many parts of the world, greatly affecting areas of agriculture, forest management, nature reserves, parks and other open space.
Many noxious weeds have come to new regions and countries through contaminated shipments of feed and crop seeds or were intentionally introduced as ornamental plants for horticultural use.
Some "noxious weeds", such as ragwort, produce copious amounts of nectar, valuable for the survival of bees and other pollinators, or other advantages like larval host foods and habitats. In the US, wild parsnip "Pastinaca sativa", for instance, provides large tubular stems that some bee species hibernate in, larval food for two different swallowtail butterflies, and other beneficial qualities.
Types.
Some noxious weeds are harmful or poisonous to humans, domesticated grazing animals, and wildlife. Open fields and grazing pastures with disturbed soils and open sunlight are often more susceptible. Protecting grazing animals from toxic weeds in their primary feeding areas is therefore important. There are marine, terrestrial, and parasitic noxious weeds.
Control.
Some guidelines to prevent the spread of noxious weeds are:
Maintaining control of noxious weeds is important for the health of habitats, livestock, wildlife, and native plants, and of humans of all ages. How to control noxious weeds depends on the surrounding environment and habitats, the weed species, the availability of equipment, labor, supplies, and financial resources. Laws often require that noxious weed control funding from governmental agencies must be used for eradication, invasion prevention, or native habitat and plant community restoration project scopes.
Insects and fungi have long been used as biological controls of some noxious weeds and more recently nematodes have also been used.
Eradication.
According to control experts, there are chemical, physical ways, and environmental ways of eradicating noxious weeds. Those include pulling the entire weed out of the ground, spraying herbicide if it's a large area, and using machines to turn over the soil. According to farmers, using goats can prove a more ecological way of getting rid of noxious weeds, instead of using herbicide. Also, overplanting a native species is a long term solution in eradicating noxious weeds.
Controversy and biases.
Agricultural needs, desires, and concerns do not always mesh with those of other areas, such as pollinator nectar provision. Ragwort, for instance, was rated as the top flower meadow nectar source in a UK study, and in the top ten in another. Its early blooming period is also particularly helpful for the establishment of bumblebee colonies. Thistles that are considered noxious weeds in the US and elsewhere, such as "Cirsium arvense" and "Cirsium vulgare", have also rated at or near the top of the charts in multiple UK studies for nectar production, one of its native locations. These thistles also serve as a larval host plant for the painted lady butterfly. There can be, therefore, a conflict between agricultural policy and point of view and the point of view of conservationists or other groups.
By country.
Australia.
In Australia, the term "noxious weed" is used by state and territorial governments.
Some noxious weeds in Australia are alligator weeds, horsetails, and branched broomrape. The government of Victoria will get rid of all these plants for free. Alligator weeds are banned in all the states and territories of Australia. They can create large mats that can cause considerable blockages of waterways. Horsetails are poisonous to livestock. They are also extremely challenging to eradicate, as they can fragment off and the fragmented pieces can grow new plants, much like succulents. Branched broomrapes are parasitic noxious weeds. They attract themselves to the roots of other plants and extract water and nutrients.
Canada.
In Canada, constitutional responsibility for the regulation of agriculture and the environment is shared between the federal and provincial governments. The federal government through the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) regulates invasive plants under the authority of the "Plant Protection Act", the "Seeds Act" and statutory regulations. Certain plant species have been designated by the CFIA as noxious weeds in the "Weed Seeds Order".
Each province also produces its own list of prohibited weeds. In Alberta, for example, a new "Weed Control Act" was proclaimed in 2010 with two weed designations: "prohibited noxious" (46 species) which are banned across Alberta, and "noxious" (29 species) which can be restricted at the discretion of local authorities.
European Union.
Since 2016, following the EU Regulation 1143/2014 on Invasive Alien Species (IAS), the European Commission publishes updated lists of IAS of Union concern. Since 2022 August 02 there are 41 plant species of Union concern.
An example of highly invasive and phototoxic weeds are 3 related species of hogweed:
There are active measures being taken to stop their spread and possibly eradicate them from European environment. The European Union funded the "Giant Alien" project to combat the hogweed plants.
New Zealand.
New Zealand has had a series of Acts of Parliament relating to noxious weeds: the Noxious Weeds Act 1908, the Noxious Weeds Act 1950, and the Noxious Plants Act 1978. The last was repealed by the Biosecurity Act 1993, which used words such as "pest", "organism" and "species", rather than "noxious". Consequently, the term "noxious weed" is no longer used in official publications in New Zealand. According to this Act, control of the majority of problem weeds, now called 'pest plants', is the responsibility of Regional Councils, or unitary authorities, in a few councils.
Some common noxious weeds in New Zealand are broad-leaved dock, English ivy, and "Oxalis". These plants may be aesthetically pleasing, but they smother native plants and are hard to eradicate.
United Kingdom.
The Weeds Act 1959 (7 &amp; 8 Eliz. 2. c. 54) covers Great Britain, It is mainly relevant to farmers and other rural settings rather than the allotment or garden-scale growers. Five "injurious" weeds are listed. The word "injurious" means in this context harmful to agriculture, not liable to cause injury. All the species listed apart from ragwort are edible and appear in Richard Mabey's book Food for Free. They are all native plants. These are:
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) provides guidance for the removal of these weeds from infested land. Much of this is oriented towards the use of herbicides.
The act does not place any automatic legal responsibility on landowners to control the weeds, or make growing them illegal, but they may be ordered to control them. Most common farmland weeds are not "injurious" within the meaning of the Weeds Act and many such plant species have conservation and environmental value. The various UK government agencies responsible have a duty to try to achieve a reasonable balance among different interests. These include agriculture, countryside conservation and the general public.
Section 14 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981 makes it an offence to plant or grow certain specified foreign invasive plants in the wild, listed in schedule 9 of the act, including Giant hogweed and Japanese knotweed. Some local authorities have by-laws controlling these plants. There is no statutory requirement for landowners to remove these plants from their property.
Northern Ireland is covered by the Noxious Weeds (Northern Ireland) Order 1977 (NISI 1977/52). This mirrors the Great Britain legislation, and covers the same five species, with the addition of:
United States.
The federal government defines noxious weeds under the Federal Noxious Weed Act of 1974. Noxious weeds are also defined by the state governments in the United States. Noxious weeds came to the U.S. by way of colonization. Some wildflowers are lesser known noxious weeds. A few of them are banned in certain states. For example, the Ox-eye daisy came to the Americas over in colonizers' seed bags and has become the common daisy seen at roadsides. It is prohibited in 10 states for agriculture, and is the most banned out of any wildflower.

</doc>
<doc id="6980952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980952" title="R2 expressway (Slovakia)">
R2 expressway (Slovakia)

R2 is an expressway () in Slovakia, which begins near Trenčín and ends near Košice. It passes Bánovce nad Bebravou, Prievidza, Žiar nad Hronom, Zvolen, Lučenec, Rimavská Sobota and Rožňava. Sections between Žiar nad Hronom and Zvolen are shared with R1 and R3. There is also a planned shared section between Ráztočno and Žiar nad Hronom with R3.
In view of the current intentions of the Ministry of Transport, the entire length of the expressway cannot be expected to be operational before 2050.
Chronology.
In October 2012, work began on an almost half-profile bypass around Žiar nad Hronom, which was put into operation on 15 December 2014.
On 10 November 2015, a long section Pstruša - Kriváň (in construction since 2013) was opened to traffic for a cost of EUR 177 million, after construction there was completed by Doprastav.
The section between Zvolen East and Pstruša has been put into operation in May 2017, receiving a EUR 44 million contribution from the European Union.
A section Mýtna - Lovinobaňa, Tomášovce was opened in late 2022.
Future development.
Several sections of the R2 are under planning or in development.
The long section Kriváň - Mýtna is under construction since March 2020. The construction of this section of the highway is financed from the state budget, and is carried out by a consortium of Doprastav, Strabag and Eurovia SK/CZ.
A further of the R2 is being built near Košice, South - Košické Oľšany, where the R2 will be shared with R4. Construction there began in March 2022 at a total cost of EUR 202 Million with VAT, cofinanced by the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="6980954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980954" title="Fundex">
Fundex



</doc>
<doc id="6980964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980964" title="Lonesome, On'ry and Mean">
Lonesome, On'ry and Mean

Lonesome, On'ry and Mean is a studio album by American country music artist Waylon Jennings, released on RCA Victor in 1973. It was, after "Good Hearted Woman" and "Ladies Love Outlaws", the third in a series of albums which were to establish Jennings as one of the most prominent representatives of the outlaw country movement. Like its successor, "Honky Tonk Heroes", the album is considered an important milestone in the history of country music. It represented the first of Jennings' works produced and recorded by himself, following his fight for artistic freedom against the constraints of the Nashville recording establishment.
Photographer Mick Rock shot the album's cover.
Background.
By the spring of 1972, Jennings was burned out. Suffering from hepatitis that he contracted while playing an Indian reservation in New Mexico, he took stock of where he was in his life and career and seriously considered retiring. Although Jennings had enjoyed a respectable run on the country charts, he felt hemmed in creatively and fumed when RCA told him where and how to record. In the audio version of his autobiography "Waylon", he reflected:
"Lyin' there, I started to thinkin' about what I'd won after ten years of bangin' around the honky tonks: my health was shot; I was close to a quarter of a million dollars in debt, and getting deeper in the hole whether I played shows or not; the I.R.S. was on my tail; and I was paying alimony to three wives. If I went on the road I lost money, if I stayed home I lost more. As for record sales, I never got ahead of...the packaging fees, and the overseas split, and the studio costs...You couldn't figure who owed what or why."
In the authorized video biography "Renegade Outlaw Legend", Jennings recalled that he approached RCA and asked for an advance on royalties, which they agreed to initially, but later came back with a lesser offer of $5,000 on the condition that Jennings sign with the label for another five years. Around this time, Jennings was visited by his long-time drummer Richie Albright, who was surprised at how depressed Jennings was and incensed at what he saw as a lack of respect from RCA. It was Albright who arranged a meeting with Neil Reshen, a business manager at the rock magazine "Creem" who handled the careers of jazz legend Miles Davis and rock iconoclast Frank Zappa. Reshen, who would also sign Willie Nelson at Jennings' recommendation, was unimpressed by Nashville's tight inner circle and brought his no-nonsense approach to the negotiations with RCA bosses Jerry Bradley and Chet Atkins. In his memoir, Jennings wrote that the final meeting between the two parties in Chet Atkins' office hit a stalemate over $25,000 and nobody uttered a word for several minutes. Jennings, who needed to go to the bathroom, got up and left the office. On his way back from the bathroom Reshen met him in the hall. "You're a friggin' genius," Reshen exclaimed, "walking out like that! That sewed it up. Where'd you go?" "I had to take a piss," Jennings replied. "Well," said Reshen, "that was a $25,000 piss." As author Joe Nick Patoski observes in his book "Willie Nelson", Reshen "stayed in Bradley's face and in Chet Atkins's face. His real aim was to get Waylon off RCA and onto Columbia Records, where he had a relationship with label chief Clive Davis, but RCA let Waylon and his fourth wife, Jessi Colter, have their own custom label, WGJ." According to the 2013 book "Outlaw: Waylon, Willie, Kris, and the Renegades of Nashville", Jennings wound up with a deal that was unprecedented for a Nashville recording artist, including the freedom to produce his own records wherever he wanted, an advance that hovered around seventy-five thousand dollars, and an 8 percent royalty rate. With the artistic freedom he had been pining for, Jennings began recording "Lonesome, On'ry and Mean" in late 1972.
Recording and composition.
Although "Lonesome, On'ry and Mean" was a new start for Jennings, the singer chose to dust off a few older tracks, as Rich Kienzle recalls in the liner notes to the 2003 reissue:
The third older cut was the Willie Nelson composition "Pretend I Never Happened," a Ronny Light-produced single released several months earlier, reaching #6 on the country singles chart. The songwriters that Jennings turned to for his new LP, such as "progressive" country tunesmiths like Nelson, Kris Kristofferson and Mickey Newbury, reflected his new artistic freedom. He also covered Danny O'Keefe's 1972 pop hit "Good Time Charlie's Got the Blues." The album's revelation, however, was the title track, which unleashed a hard country sound that was unlike anything he had recorded before with RCA. As Thom Jurek of AllMusic writes, "While Steve Young, the terminal country and folk music outsider, may have penned the title cut, it is Waylon's delivery as an anthem that bears in it all of the years of frustration at not being able to make the music he wanted to that is heard in the grain of its lyrics." Critical to this tough new sound was the Waylors, Jennings' backing band, which had been practically barred from his recording sessions in the past. In the audio version of his autobiography, Jennings recalled:
Jennings musical transformation was equaled by his appearance on the album cover and sleeve: shrouded in darkness, he had grown a beard and wore a leather vest, typifying a look that would become synonymous with the outlaw country movement over the next several years. He also made no apologies for his new, brasher sound; in a 1973 interview with Chet Flippo of "Rolling Stone", the singer stated, "That's one of the big problems of country music. They don't want the country folks to know very much and they don't give 'em credit for knowin' very much. Country fans are as smart as anybody and it's an insult to 'em when a program director says, well, that song's too deep for our audience. Bullshit."
The 2003 reissue of the album features three bonus tracks, "Laid Back Country Picker", "The Last One To Leave Seattle" and "Big, Big Love". The first two were recorded during the "Lonesome, On'ry and Mean" sessions, while "Big, Big Love" was recorded during the "Ladies Love Outlaws" sessions. Though all three songs were issued in West Germany in 1985, none of them were issued in the US until this reissue. The title track was referenced by Jennings' son, Shooter Jennings, in his 2006 album "Electric Rodeo" in the song "Little White Lines": "Got myself in a little mess, got busted down around Abilene/I was goin' way too fast boys, feelin' lonesome, on'ry and mean".
Critical reception.
"Lonesome On'ry and Mean" peaked at #8 on the "Billboard" country albums chart. In the LP's original liner notes, Chet Flippo of "Rolling Stone" wrote, "There's nothing faddish or contrived or artificial about him. If he sings it, you can believe it. Hank Williams had that rare gift and so does Waylon Jennings." AllMusic calls it "the quintessential Waylon Jennings outlaw record."
Music journalist Kelefa Sanneh said the album, "encouraged fans to think of Jennings not as an old Nashville pro but as a new kind of country antihero - as much a part of the counter-culture, in his own way, as the hippies".

</doc>
<doc id="6980968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980968" title="FastContact">
FastContact

FastContact is an algorithm for the rapid estimate of contact and binding free energies for protein–protein complex structures. It is based on a statistically determined desolvation contact potential and Coulomb electrostatics with a distance-dependent dielectric constant. The application also reports residue contact free energies that rapidly highlight the hotspots of the interaction.
The programme was written in Fortran 77 by Carlos J. Camacho and Chao Zhang at the Department of Computational Biology, University of Pittsburgh, PA. A web server for running FastContact online or downloading the binary was set up by P. Christoph Champ in July 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6980976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980976" title="Metropolitan Water Board Railway">
Metropolitan Water Board Railway

The Metropolitan Water Board Railway was a narrow gauge industrial railway built to serve the Metropolitan Water Board's pumping station at Kempton Park near London. The line was opened in 1916 to deliver coal to the pumping engines and closed shortly after the Second World War. A short part is operating once again to give rides to the public, under a new name, the Kempton Steam Railway
History.
In 1903, three private water companies in and around London came under the control of the newly formed Metropolitan Water Board. Included was the pumping station at Kempton, from the River Thames at Hampton. The Kempton engine houses contained a set of massive steam engines that drove the pumps which together consumed about 110 tons of coal a day. The cost of transporting and handling this amount of coal from the wharves at Hampton to the Kempton pumping station was significant.
A narrow gauge railway was proposed to ease the cost of supplying the Kempton engines. Construction had begun by May 1914 and by the end of 1915 the railway was ready to be opened.
Coal was brought to Hampton by barge, loaded into a large hopper by a high level crane, and then taken by the railway, in tipper wagons, to the pumping houses.
Motive power was provided by three steam locomotives, built by Kerr Stuart &amp; Co Ltd. These were 0-4-2T side-tank engines, named: "Hampton", "Kempton" and "Sunbury". They were painted a lined dark green livery, with much polished brasswork, including the prominent dome cover. Photographs indicate that the engines were maintained in immaculate condition.
The railway fulfilled its function until after the Second World War when, after a working life of 32 years, the quantity of coal transported fell dramatically and it was decided to shut the railway down. The locomotives were scrapped and most of the track was removed in 1947, although some was covered over to form a new roadway and is still in situ in 2006.
Restoration as attraction.
The Metropolitan Water Board Railway Society was formed with a view to the complete restoration of the line, to provide a visitor attraction. A section of the new railway in the form of a continuous loop, the Kempton Steam Railway, is open for rides, and is an extra attraction for visitors to the Kempton Great Engines. A steam locomotive, "Darent", (built by Andrew Barclay Sons &amp; Co. in 1903) is on loan, and two diesels have been purchased. A new bogie carriage body has been constructed on an underframe bought from the Devon Railway Centre and a 4-wheeled carriage from the same source is being rebuilt. 
Access to the former trackbed is actively being negotiated, and in the meantime, the first section of track is open and giving rides to the public on summer Sundays and selected other dates.
Kew Bridge Steam Museum.
The historic steam pumping station and museum at Kew Bridge features an extensive display of photographs and some artefacts from the Metropolitan Water Board Railway. The museum's own steam railway, the only other one in the London area with locos as large as Kempton Steam Railway, was inspired by the Hampton to Kempton Park line, incorporating some recovered parts of the original trackwork.
The Kew museum supported the Kempton Steam Railway restoration project, lending one of their steam locomotives during 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6980985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980985" title="Richard de Zoysa">
Richard de Zoysa

Richard Manik de Zoysa (; ; 18 March 1958 – 18 February 1990) was a well-known Sri Lankan journalist, author, human rights activist and actor, who was abducted and murdered on 18 February 1990. His murder caused widespread outrage inside the country and is widely believed to have been carried out by a death squad linked to elements within the government.
Life and death.
Background.
De Zoysa was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He was of mixed ethnicity, his father Lucien de Zoysa a majority Sinhalese and his mother Manorani Saravanamuttu, a family physician from the minority Sri Lankan Tamil community. His mother's father, Manicasothy Saravanamuttu, was a prominent journalist and diplomat in Malaya. His brother, Michael de Zoysa, was a Sri Lankan cricketer.
He was educated at S. Thomas' College, Mount Lavinia, where his acting talents in Sinhala were encouraged by D.S. Jayasekera. He was judged Best Actor in the English medium at the national inter-school Shakespeare Drama Competition in 1972. He was a member of the Debating Team and Drama Society along with Chanaka Amaratunga.
Abduction.
At the time of his abduction and murder, de Zoysa was the head of the Colombo office of the Inter Press Service He lived in the Welikadawatte housing estate with his mother, Manorani Saravanamuttu and associate A. V. Karunaratne. In the early morning of 18 February 1990, an armed group broke into their home, and forcibly drove off with de Zoysa without explanation.
Saravanamuttu then hastily travelled to the Welikada police station and lodged a complaint. The following day, de Zoysa's lifeless body was dumped on the beach at Moratuwa, some 12 miles south of Colombo. He had been shot in the head and the throat and his jaw had been broken. His body was identified by his friend and fellow journalist Taraki Sivaram, who suffered a similar fate in 2005.
Government response.
At the inquest the following day, Saravanamuttu stated that she could identify two of the abductors. Three months later, she saw one of the abductors on television. He was a high-ranking police officer. She informed her lawyer who brought it to the notice of both the Magistrate conducting the inquiry into the incident and the police.
However, the suspect was not arrested and the lead was ignored. Both Saravanamuttu and her lawyer, Batty Weerakoon, subsequently received death threats. Police officers assigned to guard Batty Weerakoon has also received similar threats. Saravanamuttu later became an activist for missing people and died in 2001.
In 2005, Assistant Superintendent of Police Lal Priyantha Darmasiri Ranchagoda, Officer in Charge Bodeniya Gamlath Gedara Devasurendra and Sergeant Mahawedikkarage Sarathchandra were indicted for de Zoysa's murder. They were acquitted of all charges on 9 November 2005 by Colombo High Court Judge Rohini Perera; she stated that the evidence presented by the prosecution was "contradictory and not credible".
Aftermath.
de Zoysa's murder is widely believed to have been carried out by a death squad that was formed under the auspices of members of the government to crush the insurrection launched by the militant Janatha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) organization. Since 1987, when the insurrection was launched, these death squads are alleged to have killed thousands of alleged JVP members in an ultimately successful attempt to quell the rebellion. They are also alleged to have killed political opponents, including de Zoysa, who was linked to the JVP.
Rajiva Wijesinha, a political analyst and Secretary-General of the Secretariat for Coordinating the Peace Process (SCOPP), has repeatedly said that de Zoysa's murder was the turning point for the death squads. He claims that with the JVP insurrection largely over and the usefulness of the death squads coming to an end, President Ranasinghe Premadasa used de Zoysa's murder and the subsequent outcry against it as a reason to call a halt to the killings carried out by the death squads, which were formed during his predecessors' era.
UN award in his memory.
An award in recognition of independent journalism was established by the UN sponsored Inter Press Service news agency in de Zoysa's memory.
Legacy.
Rajiva Wijesinha wrote a novel based on the life and death of Richard de Zoysa titled "Limits of Love". Published after the death of Richard's mother in 2005, it has some controversial revelations including explicit references to the homosexuality of the main character. 
The main character of Shehan Karunatilaka's novel The Seven Moons of Maali Almeida, winner of the 2022 Booker Prize, 
was also inspired by Richard de Zoysa. One of the characters' names, Malinda Albert Kabalana, is a reference to de Zoysa's role Malin Kabalana in Yuganthaya, and is described as a closeted gay man, who sets out to solve the mystery of his own death and is given one week ("seven moons") during which he can travel between the afterlife and the real world. In this time, he hopes to retrieve a set of photographs, stored under a bed, and to persuade his friends to share them widely to expose the brutalities of the Sri Lankan Civil War.
Filmography.
In 1983, de Zoysa starred in Lester James Peries's film "Yuganthaya" alongside Gamini Fonseka. The role of socialist Malin Kabalana in the movie closely mirrored de Zoysa's own beliefs, his last role was that of Wimal in Tissa Abeysekara's film viragaya

</doc>
<doc id="6980996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980996" title="Alfred Harbage">
Alfred Harbage

Alfred Bennett Harbage (July 18, 1901 – May 1976) was an American Shakespeare scholar and crime fiction writer.
Early life and education.
Alfred Bennett Harbage was born in Philadelphia and received his undergraduate degree and doctorate from the University of Pennsylvania. He lectured on Shakespeare both there and at Columbia University.
Career.
Harbage was a professor at Harvard University, where he taught for many years. He was the General Editor of the Pelican Books edition of the works of Shakespeare. He also wrote a number of well-received books on Shakespeare's works, among them "Shakespeare's Audience" (1941), "As They Liked It" (1947), "Shakespeare and the Rival Traditions" (1952), and "Shakespeare Without Words" (1966).
Though best known for his work on Shakespeare, Harbage's literary scholarship extended to his successors too; he did important work on a range of seventeenth-century figures. In this area, his books "Thomas Killigrew, Cavalier Dramatist 1612-1683" (1930), "Sir William Davenant, Poet Adventurer 1606-1668" (1935), and "Cavalier Drama" (1936) are noteworthy. For an overview of the field, his "Annals of English Drama 975-1700" (1964) is a compedium of original materials and a vital resource for scholarship.
He also wrote crime fiction under the pen name Thomas Kyd (a reference to the 16th-century English playwright Thomas Kyd), publishing several stories in "Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine", as well as four novels: "Blood is a Beggar" (1946), "Blood of Vintage" (1947), "Blood on the Bosom Devine" (1948), and "Cover His Face" (1949). The first three are hard-boiled murder mysteries, involving ex-boxer turned police officer Sam Phelan; the last is an academic mystery dealing with a researcher seeking the first published work of Samuel Johnson.
One reviewer said of his work that "Harbage treats pomposity with sarcasm, hypocrisy with irony, and failure with gentleness."
Harbage was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1959 and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="6980997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6980997" title="Richard De Zoysa">
Richard De Zoysa



</doc>
<doc id="6981005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981005" title="John Gorham (graphic designer)">
John Gorham (graphic designer)

John Gorham (May 31, 1937, in Uxbridge, Middlesex – June 7, 2001, in Guildford, Surrey) was a British graphic designer, who gained renown within the industry through a variety of successful projects including film posters, postage stamps and book covers. He was given the D&amp;AD President's Award in 1993 in recognition of a lifetime's contribution to British design.
Among John Gorham's stamp designs were the British 1990 Christmas issue, the 1991 Wintertime set, two 1995 stamps celebrating the 50th anniversary of the end of the Second World War and the 1990 issue to celebrate the 90th Birthday of Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother. A modified version of the Queen Mother set was issued as Commemoration after her death in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6981006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981006" title="Hilda Bernstein">
Hilda Bernstein

Hilda Bernstein OLG (15 May 1915 – 8 September 2006) was a British-born author, artist, and an activist against apartheid and for women's rights.
She was born Hilda Schwarz in London, England, and emigrated to South Africa at the age of 18 years, becoming active in politics. She married fellow activist Lionel "Rusty" Bernstein in March 1941, and together they played prominent roles in the struggle to end apartheid in South Africa. After her husband was tried and acquitted in the Rivonia Trial in 1964, government harassment forced them to flee to Botswana, an ordeal described in her 1967 book "The World that was Ours", which was republished by Persephone Books in 2004. They lived in Britain for some years where she further established herself internationally as a speaker, writer, and artist. She returned with her husband to South Africa in 1994 for the South African election in which fellow activist Nelson Mandela was elected President. She died at the age of 91 in Cape Town, South Africa.
Early life.
Bernstein was born in London, England, on 15 May 1915 to Russian-Jewish immigrants Simeon and Dora Schwarz. In 1925, when she was 10 years old, her father, who was a lifelong Bolshevik and had been the Russian Trade Attaché to Britain, was recalled to the Soviet Union. He was not able to return to Britain, and after his death she quit school to work, before emigrating to South Africa at the age of 18 to work in journalism.
Activism in South Africa.
In response to the rise of fascism in Europe, she became involved with the Labour Party. This party, however, did not share her growing concern with apartheid and she left it to join the South African Communist Party, the only South African party with no racial segregation. She demonstrated her speaking and organizing skills on the party's district committee and national executive committee.
Through her political activities she met Lionel "Rusty" Bernstein, whom she married in March 1941.
In 1943 she was elected to the city council of Johannesburg by a then all-white electorate, the only member of the Communist Party to do so. She used this position for three years as a platform for publicizing the injustices of racism.
In the 1950s she became more focused on organizing with women. She was a founding member of the multi-racial Federation of South African Women in 1956, and she was one of the organizers of the Women's March to Pretoria. Her writings were appearing regularly in periodicals in South Africa and other nations in Africa and Europe.
As early as 1946 the South African government began its attempts to limit her activities and minimize her political influence. In that year she was convicted of assisting an illegal strike of black mineworkers. In 1953 the government banned her membership in a list of organizations, and in 1958 extended this ban to prohibit her from writing or publishing. In 1960 she was detained during the state of emergency declared after the Sharpeville massacre. She was therefore required to go underground with her political work.
In 1963 her husband Rusty was one of 19 African National Congress (ANC) leaders arrested at Johannesburg suburb of Rivonia. Rusty was acquitted at the Rivonia Trial, but was soon rearrested and released on bail to house arrest. Hilda Bernstein fled from their home as the police were on the way to arrest her. They fled to Botswana, crossing the border on foot.
Life in exile.
In exile, the Bernsteins eventually settled in Britain, where they continued to work in support of the African National Congress. She also dedicated her written and oral communication skills to the Anti-Apartheid Movement and the British peace movement. Her writings and speaking engagements were numerous in Europe, the United States, and Canada.
She wrote several books, including "The World That Was Ours" (1967), which documented their flight from South Africa. Her 1983 novel, "Death is Part of the Process", was made into a BBC television drama. She also dedicated more time to her art, which appeared in several shows and became part of many public and private collections. Her artwork was also used in many publications for the Anti-Apartheid Movement.
Return to South Africa.
Rusty and Hilda Bernstein returned to South Africa in 1994 to participate in the South African election which was the first democratic election where all races were allowed to vote, and see the end of apartheid and their fellow ANC member Nelson Mandela become president.
In 1998, both Rusty and Hilda were awarded honorary degrees from the University of Natal for their role in helping to bring democracy to South Africa. Rusty died at their home in 2002.
In 2004 she was awarded the Luthuli Silver Award for her "contribution to the attainment of gender equality and a free and democratic society" in South Africa. She died from heart failure at the age of 91 at her home in Cape Town, South Africa. She was survived by their four children: Toni, Patrick, Frances, and Keith Bernstein.
In March 2011, the country of Gambia issued a postage stamp in her honour, naming her as one of the Legendary Heroes of Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="6981009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981009" title="Pythagorean chromatic semitone">
Pythagorean chromatic semitone



</doc>
<doc id="6981011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981011" title="Book covers">
Book covers



</doc>
<doc id="6981016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981016" title="Pythagorean diatonic semitone">
Pythagorean diatonic semitone



</doc>
<doc id="6981020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981020" title="Princess Noriko">
Princess Noriko



</doc>
<doc id="6981021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981021" title="Major Barbara (disambiguation)">
Major Barbara (disambiguation)

Major Barbara is a play by George Bernard Shaw.
Major Barbara may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6981022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981022" title="Crib and Rosa">
Crib and Rosa

Crib and Rosa is an 1817 painting by Abraham Cooper. This painting provides an image of the extinct Old English Bulldog dog breed.
The painting depicts Crib and Rosa, two Old English Bulldogs. Rosa was considered to represent correct formation for bulldogs at that time. Through John Scott's engraving, this painting became the best-known, and most reproduced, painting of dogs from that period. 
The image was frequently referred to by exhibitors as an ideal form of the breed. Writing at the end of the nineteenth century, Dalziel says any deficiencies in the otherwise perfect outline of Rosa was due to her sex; lacking desired characteristics of wrinkles and bone structure.

</doc>
<doc id="6981024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981024" title="Biological magnification">
Biological magnification



</doc>
<doc id="6981026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981026" title="Monica Lindeen">
Monica Lindeen

Monica Lindeen (born May 16, 1962) is an American politician who served as the Montana State Auditor. She was elected in 2008 and re-elected in 2012. Due to term limits, she was ineligible to run again in 2016, and became a candidate for Montana Secretary of State.
Early life and education.
Lindeen was born in Ogden, Utah. She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in education from Montana State University Billings, specializing in English and history.
Career.
Lindeen was a Democratic member of the Montana House of Representatives from 1999 to 2006, representing House District 43. Lindeen served as vice chair of the Montana Democratic Party from 1997 to 2000. In 1996, she ran for House District 7 but lost to the incumbent. 
Lindeen was a candidate for the United States House of Representatives in 2006, running against Republican incumbent Dennis Rehberg and Libertarian Mike Fellows for the lone Montana seat in the U.S. Congress. Lindeen lost the election with 39% of the vote to Rehberg's 59% and Fellows' 2%.
State Auditor.
On February 19, 2007 Lindeen announced her plans to run for State Auditor in the 2008 elections.
Lindeen named Walt Schweitzer as Deputy State Auditor. Schweitzer, the brother of Governor Brian Schweitzer and a campaign consultant, had managed Lindeen's campaign. In the summer of 2009, an employee of the office, Laura McGee, formally complained to Lindeen that Schweitzer improperly "solicited campaign contributions from employees in the State Auditor’s office on state time." McGee was subsequently fired, and Schweitzer claimed to have no recollection of the events. McGee then filed a wrongful discharge lawsuit and an independent investigation was launched. Although the independent investigation did not substantiate McGee's allegation, in part because she did not cooperate with the investigator, the State Auditor's office nonetheless chose to settle the lawsuit. According to the "Billings Gazette", "Investigating and settling McGee’s complaint cost the Auditor’s Office about $62,500," and in addition, Lindeen reinstated McGee to employment for a period of 16 months at her previous salary of $45,000 a year and allowed for remote work.
National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
On November 4, 2011, Lindeen was elected Secretary-Treasurer of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners.
In 2013, Lindeen received the Excellence in Consumer Advocacy Award, presented by the NAIC’s Consumer Representatives. She received the honor in recognition for her work as a strong voice for consumer protection and her dedication in maintaining states’ rights in insurance regulation. She was elected to serve as the president of the NAIC throughout 2015. After serving eight years as the State Commissioner of Securities and Insurance she entered the campaign for US House of Representatives but lost the seat to Republican Denny Rehberg

</doc>
<doc id="6981029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981029" title="Arthur Banks">
Arthur Banks

Sergeant Arthur Banks GC (6 October 1923 – 20 December 1944) was a member of the Royal Air Force during the Second World War who was tortured and killed after being captured behind enemy lines. He was posthumously awarded the George Cross for his courage during captivity.
Early life.
Banks was born in Llanddulas (a village near Abergele in North Wales). His father, Captain Charles Banks, was a distinguished pilot in the First World War who was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his wartime service. Banks attended St Edward's School, Oxford until 1941.
Military career.
Banks enlisted in the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve in 1942 and become a member of 112 Squadron, Desert Air Force. On 29 August 1944, three weeks into his active service with 112 Squadron, he was shot down over northern Italy whilst undertaking an armed reconnaissance operation in a Mustang. He tried to reach the Allied lines and made contact with a partisan group (the Boccato group). During the following months he "became an outstanding figure, advising and encouraging them in action against the enemy".
In December 1944, an attempt to cross to Allied territory was planned to enable resupplying of the partisans to take place, but the group Banks was with was betrayed and captured by German forces. He was tortured by German authorities and then by the Italian militia over a period of several days, but Banks remained silent. He was then stripped, doused in petrol and set alight before being thrown, weighted down, into the River Po. He managed to survive and swam to the river bank, where he was recaptured by the Brigate Nere (Italian fascists) and shot in the head. Initially buried in a communal dung-heap by his captors, Banks is now buried at the Argenta Gap War Cemetery. There is also a commemoration stone for Banks at the War Memorial in Llanddulas.
He was awarded the George Cross posthumously for his "courage and endurance", with his conduct being described as "at all times, in keeping with the highest traditions of the Service, even in the face of most brutal and inhuman treatment.". Notice of the award was published in the London Gazette on 5 November 1946. The Cross was presented to his father by King George VI.
His captors were tried by a War Crimes Tribunal and were imprisoned for between 4.5 and 20 years; the one who directed his torture was shot after being captured by Italians. The man who murdered Arthur Banks was Lieutenant Turati. Turati had been a member of the infamous Brigate Nere. Postwar, Captain Ian Bell of the War Crimes Investigation Unit, captured Turati at his home in Italy.
According to the Central Registry of War Criminals and Security Suspects (CROWCASS) other Italians, most of them members of the fascist Black Brigades, may have been involved in crimes against British soldiers, at the same time and in the same area.

</doc>
<doc id="6981030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981030" title="Monica lindeen">
Monica lindeen



</doc>
<doc id="6981032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981032" title="Cliff Jones (Welsh footballer)">
Cliff Jones (Welsh footballer)

Clifford William Jones (born 7 February 1935) is a Welsh former footballer. During his career, he played as a winger and was a crucial member of Tottenham Hotspur's 1960–61 double-winning side. He is now the last surviving player from the Welsh team in the 1958 World Cup.
Early life.
Jones was born on 7 February 1935 in Swansea, Glamorgan, to a footballing family. His father Ivor; uncles Shoni, Emlyn, Bryn and Bert; brother Bryn; and cousin Ken were also all players. He was also a schoolboy friend of Terry Medwin, who would later become his teammate at Tottenham Hotspur. He was brought up in the Sandfields area of Swansea, and attended St. Helens Mixed Junior School. When he was eleven, he attended Oxford Street Secondary Modern, where he joined the school's football team. When he was twelve, he was selected for the Swansea Schoolboys team, which he captained in 1950 and won the Welsh Shield and English Schools Trophy.
Club career.
Swansea Town.
Jones was signed to Billy McCandless' Swansea Town in 1952 when he was 17, joining his brother Bryn who also played for the club. For a time at Swansea he also worked as an apprentice sheet metal worker in The Prince of Wales Dry Dock. He made his debut in the League match against Bury in October 1952. He scored his first goal in the match against Leeds United two games later. He started off as an inside forward, but moved to the left wing in the 1953–54 season. He scored 47 goals in 168 league appearances for the club. and 54 goal in 193 appearances in all competitions.
Tottenham Hotspur.
Jones joined Tottenham Hotspur in February 1958 for a record £35,000 (). He made his debut for the club on 22 February 1958 in the away match against Arsenal at Highbury. For a while Jones didn't play at his best at Spurs, and he then broke a leg in a tackle with Peter Baker during pre-season training in the summer of 1958. He returned to the team after his recovery in December 1958. He became a prolific goalscorer for the club, scoring 25 goals in all appearances in the 1959–60 season.
Jones was a key member of the double-winning team of the 1960–61 season, scoring 19 goals that season. He was also part of the successful Spurs sides in the 1962 FA Cup Final and 1963 European Cup Winners Cup Final, and he also won a further medal as a non-playing substitute in the 1967 FA Cup Final. In 1962, Juventus offered a world-record fee of £125,000 () to sign him but the offer was turned down. Jones played on both wings at Tottenham; he played on the right wing in the Double-winning season, and on the left in the subsequent seasons. He made his final appearance and scored his last goal for Tottenham in the match against Manchester United on 9 October 1968. He remains one of the top scorers in the club's history, scoring 159 goals in 378 games (135 in 318 league games).
Fulham and non-league.
Jones finally moved on from White Hart Lane in 1968 in order to take up a position with Fulham for two seasons. He scored twice in 25 league appearances for Fulham. Afterwards, he played for King's Lynn. He made his debut for King's Lynn on 15 August 1970 against Romford with his final game for the club against Dover Athletic making a total of 27 appearances and scoring 13 goals. Jones then moved on and played for Bedford Town, Wealdstone, Cambridge City then Wingate.
International career.
Jones was called into the Welsh national side after playing only 25 times as a winger for Swansea. He made his senior debut playing against Austria in May 1954. In his second appearance for the national side, he helped Wales beat England 2–1 at Ninian Park on 22 October 1955, scoring the winning goal.
Jones scored three goals in the 1958 FIFA World Cup play-off in February 1958 against Israel to win 4–0 on aggregate, allowing Wales to qualify for the World Cup for the first time. He played in all five of Wales' games at the 1958 World Cup, and helped Wales reach the quarter-final where they lost to Brazil, beaten by a goal from Pelé. He made a total of 11 appearances for them in World Cup qualifiers between 1957 and 1968. He played his final game for Wales in October 1968 in the World Cup qualifier against Italy. In total he played 59 times for Wales in 15 years, scoring 16 goals.
Personal life.
Jones married his wife Joan in 1955 and they have four children, nine grandchildren and seventeen great-grandchildren. Among Jones' grandsons are former footballer Scott Neilson and football coach Matt Wells. 
After retiring from football, Jones taught PE and managed the school football team at Highbury Grove School in North London for 29 years, retiring in December 2000. Next year in February 2025 he will be celebrating his 90th birthday at the Tottenham Stadium.
Jones has been inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame as well as the National Football Museum's Hall of Fame. He was also inducted onto the Supporters' Trust Wall of Fame outside the Liberty Stadium. He received an Honorary Fellowship from the University of Wales.
Honours.
Tottenham Hotspur
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="6981033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981033" title="Pushto literature">
Pushto literature



</doc>
<doc id="6981035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981035" title="Princess Ayako">
Princess Ayako



</doc>
<doc id="6981036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981036" title="The WB 100">
The WB 100



</doc>
<doc id="6981044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981044" title="Noriko Senge">
Noriko Senge

, formerly , is a former member of the Imperial House of Japan and the second daughter of Norihito, Prince Takamado and Hisako, Princess Takamado. She married Kunimaro Senge, a commoner, on 5 October 2014. As a result, she gave up her imperial title and left the Japanese Imperial Family, as required by law.
Biography.
Princess Noriko was born on 22 July 1988 at Aiiku Hospital in Minami-Azabu, Tokyo. After her birth, her father, Prince Takamado, chose her name. She went to Gakushuin Kindergarten. After that she attended the prestigious Gakushuin School for her primary, junior high, and high school education.
In April 2007, Princess Noriko enrolled in the Gakushuin University, Faculty of Letters, Department of Psychology, and expressed her intent to pursue studies in the field of clinical psychology.
In July 2008, she came of age and attended official ceremonies in Japan with the other members of the Imperial Family. She attended official functions at the palace and accompanied her mother to some other official events, as well as attending some on her own. On 20 March 2011, she graduated from Gakushuin University with the B.A. degree in Psychology.
Marriage.
On 27 May 2014, Princess Noriko announced her engagement to , a kannushi for the Izumo-taisha shrine. The two married on 5 October at the shrine.
Senge Kunimaro is the eldest son of Senge Takamasa, the head priest of the Izumo Grand Shrine. The Senge family have been hereditary administrators of the shrine for generations. Though legally commoners today, the heads of the family held the title of baron in the Imperial Japanese peerage ("kazoku") before its abolition in 1947. Senge Kunimaro is a second cousin (twice removed) of the present Emperor and a distant cousin twice over of Princess Noriko. He and Noriko are third cousins once removed by their shared descent from Prince Kujō Michitaka, who was the father of the Empress Teimei, Princess Noriko's great-grandmother and Senge Kunimaro's great-great-aunt. The couple are also fifth cousins through their shared descent from Marquis Nakayama Tadayasu, the maternal grandfather of the Meiji Emperor. By birth, Kunimaro is also related to other members of the imperial family. He is a sixth cousin once removed of his grandmother-in-law, Princess Mikasa, a third cousin twice removed of Princess Hitachi and a cousin of the late Princesses Takamatsu and Chichibu (a second cousin thrice removed and a fourth cousin thrice removed, respectively).
After the wedding, Princess Noriko lost her imperial status. This change in her status is mandated by the Imperial Household Act of 1947 that requires females of the Imperial Family to relinquish their title from birth, official membership in the Imperial Family, and allowance from the state upon marriage to a commoner. At 26 years of age, she became the seventh female member born into the Japanese Imperial Family to marry a commoner since the passage of the Imperial Household Law in 1947, and the first member of the family to lose her royal status since the marriage of Sayako, Princess Nori, Emperor Akihito's daughter, in 2005. The government decided to bestow a one-time ¥106.75 million allowance on the couple.

</doc>
<doc id="6981045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981045" title="Ayako Moriya">
Ayako Moriya

, formerly , is a former member of the Imperial House of Japan and the youngest of three daughters of Norihito, Prince Takamado, and Hisako, Princess Takamado. She married Kei Moriya, a commoner, on 29 October 2018. As part of her marriage to a commoner, she gave up her imperial title and left the Japanese Imperial Family, as required by law.
Biography.
Childhood and studies.
Princess Ayako was born on 15 September 1990 at the in Minami-Azabu, Tokyo. She was the first member of the Imperial Family to be born in the Heisei period, the era of her first cousin once removed, Emperor Akihito.
Princess Ayako attended the prestigious Gakushūin School for her primary, junior high, and high school education. While she was a student at Gakushūin Women's High School, in 2007, she visited New Zealand under a school-sponsored homestay program. In April 2009, she enrolled in the Josai International University (JIU), Faculty of Social Work Studies.
The Princess made short term visits to Camosun College in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, as part of exchange tours with Josai International University in 2010 and 2011. In March 2013, Princess Ayako graduated Josai International University and was accepted into the graduate school. In September 2013, Princess Ayako returned to Camosun College to begin intensive English studies. She completed her studies at Camosun College in April 2015. She then spent time at the University of British Columbia before returning to Japan in August 2015. On 16 March, Princess Ayako of Takamado graduated from Josai International University and received a master's degree of social welfare. She is currently a research fellow at JIU's Faculty of Social Work Studies. She continues to attend ceremonies and functions at the palace when studies permit.
Engagement, marriage and children.
Princess Ayako became formally engaged in a ceremony on 12 August 2018 to businessman Kei Moriya, a Keio University graduate who works for the shipping firm Nippon Yusen. The two were first introduced to each other in December 2017 by Ayako's mother, Princess Takamado, who has been a friend of Moriya's parents. The wedding took place on 29 October 2018 at Meiji Shrine. The wedding ceremony was held privately and featured Shinto rituals. The bride wore "a kimono robe and hakama pants", while the groom appeared in a morning suit and was given a top hat that had previously belonged to Ayako's father, Prince Takamado. A crowd of 1,000 well-wishers lined the area around the shrine. She renounced her royal status in accordance with the Imperial Household Law. A reception banquet also took place on 31 October at New Otani Hotel in Tokyo with the then Crown Prince and Crown Princess in attendance. The government decided to bestow a one-time ¥107 million ($950,000) allowance on the couple.
Unlike other princesses who renounced their honorary posts and patronages, Ayako retained her status as honorary president of the Canada-Japan Society and the Japan Sea Cadet Federation. The decision seems to be made due to the shrinking size of the imperial family, although the Imperial Household Agency denied playing an active role in making the decision and described it as "an agreement between the princess and the two organizations".
On 6 August 2019, it was announced that Ayako was expecting her first child in the autumn. On 17 November 2019, she gave birth to a son, Jō Moriya, at Aiiku Hospital in Tokyo. On 21 April 2022, it was announced that Ayako was pregnant with her second child, whose birth would take place in the summer. She gave birth to her second son on 1 September 2022, at Aiiku Hospital. On 10 May 2024, Ayako gave birth to her third son.

</doc>
<doc id="6981049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981049" title="MMS (Mid Market Solutions)">
MMS (Mid Market Solutions)



</doc>
<doc id="6981050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981050" title="Norwegian politician">
Norwegian politician



</doc>
<doc id="6981059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981059" title="Magliaso">
Magliaso

Magliaso is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Magliaso is first mentioned in 769 as "de Maliacis". In 854 it was mentioned as "de vico Maliaci".
During the Lombards era the monastery of San Pietro in Ciel d'Oro in Pavia possessed a farm in Magliaso. The origin of the old church of S. Quirico (mentioned in 1033) and the San Giorgio Castle is not known. It was the home for nearly two decades (1098–1117) for the schismatic bishop of Como, Landolfo Carcano, who was appointed by Emperor Henry IV against Pope Gregory VII's bishop. The castle was besieged and conquered in 1117 by Como and the fate of Landolfo, is uncertain (possibly deported or murdered). This caused the ten-year war between Como and Milan. The romanesque fresco on the south tower dates from around the same time and is one of the few secular romanesque works in Switzerland. In the 13th century the castle passed into the possession of a branch of the Rusca family of Como. Carlo Corrado Beroldingen, Chancellor of the bailiwick of Lugano, acquired the sovereign rights over the village in 1668. He had the parish church built and replaced the decaying ruins of the castle with an ornate palace.
There used to be many isolated farms and mills along the irrigation canal, which is typical for the pre-industrial economy. The municipality experienced a strong migration into Lombardy, South America and up through the 2nd World War into Central Switzerland. The always meager possessions of "Vicinanza" were sold in 1863. At the beginning of the 21st century, large swathes of the valley and along the lake were covered with new, primarily residential, developments. While the services sector is the major industry in Magliaso, the tourist infrastructure has remained modest. The landscape is dominated by the lake, and in an area at the foot of the mountain, a golf course was built.
Geography.
Magliaso has an area, , of . Of this area, or 67.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 9.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 70.6% is settled (buildings or roads), or 2.8% is either rivers or lakes.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 48.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 11.9%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 9.2%. Out of the forested land, 4.6% of the total land area is heavily forested and 4.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 12.8% is used for growing crops, while 5.5% is used for orchards or vine crops and 48.6% is used for alpine pastures. Of the water in the municipality, 0.9% is in lakes and 1.8% is in rivers and streams.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, north of the Magliasina delta. It consists of the villages of Magliaso, below the church and castle, and Castellaccio, on the lake shore.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Quartered or in first and fourth two mullets of the same on an orb azure with a cross sable and in second and third also or a lion rampant sable scarfed azure."
Demographics.
Magliaso has a population () of . , 19.9% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 5.8%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (77.4%), with German being second most common (15.2%) and French being third (2.2%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 206 speak German, 30 people speak French, 1,052 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (70 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 46.8% male and 53.2% female. The population was made up of 514 Swiss men (35.0% of the population), and 173 (11.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 643 Swiss women (43.8%), and 137 (9.3%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 3 live births to Swiss citizens and 4 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 12 deaths of Swiss citizens and 5 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 9 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There were 4 Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 3 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 3 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 11 people. This represents a population growth rate of -1.0%.
The age distribution, , in Magliaso is; 136 children or 9.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 157 teenagers or 10.7% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 118 people or 8.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 203 people or 13.8% are between 30 and 39, 223 people or 15.2% are between 40 and 49, and 214 people or 14.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 193 people or 13.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 141 people or 9.6% are between 70 and 79, there are 82 people or 5.6% who are over 80.
, there were 553 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 389 single family homes (or 80.4% of the total) out of a total of 484 inhabited buildings. There were 44 two family buildings (9.1%) and 27 multi-family buildings (5.6%). There were also 24 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.57%. there were 658 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 227. There were 22 single room apartments and 198 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 549 apartments (83.4% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 87 apartments (13.2%) were seasonally occupied and 22 apartments (3.3%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 10.2 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The S. Giorgio Castle is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 23.85% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (23.35%), the Ticino League (19.01%) and the SP (16.73%). In the federal election, a total of 418 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 42.8%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 966 registered voters in Magliaso, of which 504 or 52.2% voted. 6 blank ballots were cast, leaving 498 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 103 or 20.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 92 or 18.5%), the PS (with 87 or 17.5%) and the PS (with 87 or 17.5%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 7 blank ballots were cast, leaving 497 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 113 or 22.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 96 or 19.3%), the PLRT (with 96 or 19.3%) and the PS (with 87 or 17.5%).
Economy.
, Magliaso had an unemployment rate of 4.24%. , there were 6 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. 105 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 11 businesses in this sector. 238 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 47 businesses in this sector. There were 602 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.5% of the workforce.
, there were 433 workers who commuted into the municipality and 467 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 24.0% of the workforce coming into Magliaso are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.4% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 13.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 60.1% used a private car.
, there were 2 hotels in Magliaso.
Religion.
From the , 979 or 72.0% were Roman Catholic, while 159 or 11.7% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 152 individuals (or about 11.18% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 69 individuals (or about 5.08% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Magliaso about 71.9% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Magliaso there were a total of 226 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Magliaso there were 35 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 72 students attended the standard primary schools and 2 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 47 students in the two-year middle school, while 35 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 14 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 19 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 78 students in Magliaso who came from another municipality, while 127 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Magliaso is served by Magliaso station and Magliaso Paese station, on the metre gauge Lugano–Ponte Tresa railway that connects to Lugano. Both stations are served by regular trains, operating every 15 minutes during weekday daytime, and every half-hour at other times. Magliaso station is also served by Autopostale buses to Novaggio.
Lugano Airport is located only 3 kilometers from the town of Magliaso

</doc>
<doc id="6981061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981061" title="Four Humours in Reniassance">
Four Humours in Reniassance



</doc>
<doc id="6981064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981064" title="The Forsyte Saga (TV miniseries)">
The Forsyte Saga (TV miniseries)



</doc>
<doc id="6981065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981065" title="The Four Humours in Reniassance">
The Four Humours in Reniassance



</doc>
<doc id="6981085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981085" title="Mayhem (Toyah album)">
Mayhem (Toyah album)

Mayhem is a compilation album by the English new wave band Toyah, fronted by Toyah Willcox, released in 1985 by Safari Records.
Background.
The album is a collection of previously unreleased material consisting mostly of demos and outtakes. When the band left Safari Records, the record company found enough material to compile one last album; this was apparently done without the consent of the band members. "We were never asked at the time by Safari if we'd be happy for certain demos to go on that album. (...) Of all the albums I wish had not been released, "Mayhem" is the one. It's sub-standard, with songs not intended for release. In fact, it makes my blood boil when I think of the plain exploitation of this album, but hopefully it never sold many copies. The songs on it were rehearsal demos, never intended for anything other than workshopping ideas", Toyah commented later.
The cassette version of "Mayhem" included three additional tracks. The album was reissued on CD by Cherry Red Records in 2005 and featured a further five previously unreleased bonus tracks. This new edition came with a recreated cover art, using better quality photos, and track-by-track sleeve notes. All tracks from this expanded edition were later reissued across the deluxe edition formats of Toyah's studio albums between 2020 and 2024, within the context of other demo recordings and unreleased songs from their respective recording periods.

</doc>
<doc id="6981087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981087" title="Manno">
Manno

Manno is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Manno is first mentioned in 1184.
In 1298, the Bishop of Como owned estates in the village. In 1335, the village divided into two sections, Manno superiore and Manno inferiore, both of which belonged to the "Kastlanei" of Grumo which was a district of Gravesano. The parish of St. Peter's Church is still tied to Gravesano. The Oratory of St. Rocco was built in 1597 on the foundations of an earlier chapel.
Until the 1950s, the region was predominantly agricultural. In recent decades, it has grown due an influx of commuters who work in Lugano. Due to good transportation connections numerous industrial and commercial businesses have settled in the municipality. Manno has also become an important service center, since 1992 it has been the seat of the Swiss National Supercomputing Centre. In 1990-96 it was home to the UBS administrative center for Suglio-Lugano and since 1997 the Scuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (university of Italian Switzerland). In 2005, the services sector provided nearly four fifths of the jobs in the community.
Geography.
Manno has an area, , of . Of this area, or 32.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 40.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 36.1% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.7% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.4% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 10.9% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 10.5% and transportation infrastructure made up 12.6%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 1.7% of the area Out of the forested land, 34.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 6.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 20.2% is used for growing crops, while 1.7% is used for orchards or vine crops and 10.5% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is in the Lugano district, in the Vedeggio valley. It consists of the village center of Manno, a residential section on a nearby hill, and an industrial zone on the valley floor.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Quartered first gules a hand dexter in bend issuant from base sinister second and third sable and fourth gules a chief argent." This is an example of canting as "mano" is Italian for hand.
Demographics.
Manno has a population () of . , 18.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 14.8%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (88.3%), with German being second most common (7.1%) and French being third (2.0%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 74 speak German, 21 people speak French, 923 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (26 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.2% male and 50.8% female. The population was made up of 485 Swiss men (38.4% of the population), and 136 (10.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 543 Swiss women (43.0%), and 99 (7.8%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 10 live births to Swiss citizens and 3 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 6 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 4 while the foreign population increased by 2. There were 2 Swiss men and 3 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 8 non-Swiss men and 2 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 31 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 41 people. This represents a population growth rate of 6.2%.
The age distribution, , in Manno is; 133 children or 10.5% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 124 teenagers or 9.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 120 people or 9.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 228 people or 18.1% are between 30 and 39, 218 people or 17.3% are between 40 and 49, and 145 people or 11.5% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 157 people or 12.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 96 people or 7.6% are between 70 and 79, there are 42 people or 3.3% who are over 80.
, there were 414 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.5 persons per household. there were 223 single family homes (or 77.2% of the total) out of a total of 289 inhabited buildings. There were 42 two family buildings (14.5%) and 16 multi-family buildings (5.5%). There were also 8 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 3.43%. there were 442 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 135. There were 10 single room apartments and 135 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 414 apartments (93.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 19 apartments (4.3%) were seasonally occupied and 9 apartments (2.0%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 6 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 28.67% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (23.55%), the Ticino League (18.95%) and the SP (12.45%). In the federal election, a total of 413 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 51.9%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 785 registered voters in Manno, of which 523 or 66.6% voted. 12 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 509 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 114 or 22.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 104 or 20.4%), the PLRT (with 99 or 19.4%) and the LEGA (with 86 or 16.9%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 4 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 517 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 137 or 26.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 110 or 21.3%), the SSI (with 92 or 17.8%) and the PLRT (with 87 or 16.8%).
Economy.
Manno hosts Marconi Technologies, Edizioniie Musicali e Discografiche and the new UBS Centre of Competence for Artificial Intelligence, Analysis and Innovation.
, Manno had an unemployment rate of 2.8%. , there were 15 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. 659 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 46 businesses in this sector. 2,371 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 209 businesses in this sector. There were 526 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 38.8% of the workforce.
, there were 3,405 workers who commuted into the municipality and 386 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 8.8 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 14.2% of the workforce coming into Manno are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 11.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 70% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 854 or 81.7% were Roman Catholic, while 62 or 5.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 109 individuals (or about 10.43% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 20 individuals (or about 1.91% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Manno about 76.2% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Manno there were a total of 206 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Manno there were 38 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 71 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 43 students in the two-year middle school, while 18 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 17 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 17 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 359 students in Manno who came from another municipality, while 89 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Scientific research.
The Swiss National Supercomputing Centre ("Centro Nazionale Svizzero di Supercomputing") is based in Manno and houses some of the most powerful supercomputers in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="6981090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981090" title="BIP (disambiguation)">
BIP (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6981094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981094" title="War Hunt">
War Hunt

War Hunt is a 1962 war film directed by Denis Sanders and starring John Saxon, Robert Redford and Charles Aidman. Produced by Terry Sanders for T-D Enterprises, and released by United Artists, the film features the film debuts of Sydney Pollack and Tom Skerritt and the first major role for Redford. Redford and Pollack met on the set of the film as actors.
The National Board of Review named the film as one of the . It won the Silver Sail best feature film award at the 1962 Locarno International Film Festival and was nominated for a UN BAFTA award in 1964.
Plot.
Near the end of the Korean War, a replacement, Private Loomis, is assigned to an infantry company on the front line. One night, Loomis notices a soldier leaving camp in dark clothing and face paint. He learns that this is Private Endore, who routinely infiltrates enemy lines. The company's commander, Captain Pratt, allows Endore to act independently because, after many of these nighttime excursions, he has returned with useful information. However, Endore is also knifing to death enemy soldiers and, as Loomis himself witnesses during a night patrol, conducts an odd circle-ritual around each of his murdered victims. The other men in the company steer clear of Endore and warn Loomis, who is prone to asking probing questions, not to "mess with that guy".
Endore's only friend is a Korean orphan, nicknamed Charlie, with whom Loomis tries to cultivate a friendship. He suggests to Endore that the boy should be placed in an orphanage where he will at least have other children around and some kind of basic lifestyle. This brings Loomis into conflict with a demonstrably psychotic Endore, who plans to remain in Korea after the war ends, and to keep Charlie with him.
The tension comes to a head when the armistice occurs. Endore, in direct defiance of company orders, once more dons dark clothing and takes Charlie to cross enemy lines. Loomis, alarmed that this could impact the armistice, approaches his company sergeant Van Horn (Pollack) about Endore. The two soldiers are forced to bring Endore's actions to Pratt's attention. Pratt, realizing he has let Endore have too free a hand, asks the men for volunteers to bring Endore back, but only Loomis and Van Horn agree to join him.
The group finally locates Endore, who has taken Charlie behind enemy lines and resists Pratt's orders to return. Endore grabs a knife and attempts to attack Pratt after beating up Van Horn. Despite Loomis' pleas, Pratt shoots the deranged Endore and Charlie flees in the ensuing confusion. The resolution suggests that Charlie, having been influenced and given lessons in killing by Endore, will grow into the same kind of man.
Production.
The film was shot in 15 days for US$250,000. Francis Ford Coppola drove a truck in the film and associate producer Noel Black worked as an electrician. The Sanders brothers, who started in Hollywood as second unit directors of the river sequences in "The Night of the Hunter", shot most of the film at night to hide their low budget.
Producer Terry Sanders sent the script to the Pentagon in the hope that the Army might provide technical assistance. The Army replied that it objected to many portions of the script, such as a private soldier being an independent professional killer with his commanding officer's approval, a scene in which the captain calls a sergeant an "idiot", and scenes the Army thought "too gruesome to be in good taste".
John Saxon received top billing, but the film is best remembered for Robert Redford's appearance. 
Reception.
Bosley Crowther of "The New York Times" called the film "one of the most original and haunting war movies in years" and said "most of this picture is pure unvarnished gold".

</doc>
<doc id="6981099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981099" title="Republika">
Republika

Republika means "Republic" or "The Republic" in several Balto-Slavic languages. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6981100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981100" title="Péter Zilahy">
Péter Zilahy

Péter Zilahy (born 1970 in Budapest) is a Hungarian writer and performer whose prose and poetry has been widely translated and who has often used photography, interactive media and performance art in his work.
Literary work.
Zilahy's book of poems, "Statue Under White Sheet, Ready to Jump" ("Lepel alatt ugrásra kész szobor") was published in 1993.
His play, "Der lange Weg nach nebenan (A hosszú út közelre)", has been performed at the Volksbühne Berlin.
His dictionary novel "The Last Window-Giraffe" ("Az utolsó ablakzsiráf") was published in 1998 and has since been translated into 27 languages. He has had exhibitions at the Ludwig Museum Budapest and the Akademie Schloss Solitude in Germany.
The Last Window-Giraffe.
"The Last Window-Giraffe" is a memoir about the absurdity of everyday life under a dictatorship. It is written in the style of an actual Hungarian children's dictionary, "The Window-Giraffe" (in the Hungarian version of this A to Z, 
=Window is the first item and =Giraffe is the last). The dictionary explained the whole world in simple words, where everything was in order and problems were always solved.
"The Last Window-Giraffe" also recounts the events of the Belgrade protests of 1996-97, which it describes as being symbolic of protests everywhere in their courage and absurdity. The novel is filled with Zilahy's own photographs, and is an insight into the world behind the Iron Curtain.
Reviews of this work have appeared in the FAZ, The Independent, the Neue Zürcher Zeitung, The Telegraph, and Die Welt.
Journalistic work.
Zilahy has written for many journalistic outlets, including The Guardian, the New York Times, and The Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung.
Other work.
Zilahy was editor-in-chief of "Link Budapest", an Internet magazine for contemporary literature in English and Hungarian, until 1999. He was also the editor-in-chief of "The World Literature Series".
Mr. Zilahy has held a wide range of artistic and literary residencies, including a stay at the John W. Kluge Center of the Library of Congress. He is currently Writer-at-Large at the Slought Foundation at UPenn, a year-long honorary affiliation.

</doc>
<doc id="6981103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981103" title="Jade MacRae (album)">
Jade MacRae (album)

Jade MacRae is the debut studio album of Australian singer, Jade MacRae and debuted and peaked at number 61 on the ARIA Charts. The album features the singles "You Make Me Weak", "So Hot Right Now" and "Superstar".
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2006, the album was nominated for Best Urban Release and Best Female Artist.

</doc>
<doc id="6981105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981105" title="Galahad (disambiguation)">
Galahad (disambiguation)

Galahad is a Knight of the Round Table and the son of Lancelot in Arthurian legend.
Galahad can also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6981107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981107" title="Romic alphabet">
Romic alphabet

The Romic Alphabet, sometimes known as the Romic Reform, is a phonetic alphabet proposed by Henry Sweet. It descends from Ellis's Palaeotype alphabet and English Phonotypic Alphabet, and is the direct ancestor of the International Phonetic Alphabet. In Romic every sound had a dedicated symbol, and every symbol represented a single sound. There were no capital letters; there were letters derived from small capitals, though these were distinct letters.
There were two variants, Broad Romic and Narrow Romic. Narrow Romic utilized italics to distinguish fine details of pronunciation; Broad Romic was cruder, and in it the vowels had their English "short" sounds when written singly, and their "long" sounds when doubled:
Sweet adopted from Ellis and earlier philologists a method creating new letters by rotating existing ones, as in this way no new type would need to be cast:
The IPA letter acquired its modern pronunciation and first use with this alphabet. He resurrected three Anglo-Saxon letters, ash , eth and thorn , the first two of which had the pronunciations they retain in the IPA.
Tables.
The following tables outline consonants and vowels as laid out in "A Primer of Phonetics" (1892: 38).
Consonants.
 were eventually replaced with in the IPA. Apart from Sweet's use of italic ℎ for voicelessness, the rest of the alphabet continues intact in the modern IPA.
Vowels.
In "wide" vowels, the tongue is described as relaxed and flattened; in "narrow", it is tense and more convex. This corresponds to descriptions of vowels as lax and tense. Lax vowels are indicated by italic type. In the case of the mid back unrounded vowel , the description of its place of articulation does not accord well with some of the words given as examples. Sweet described vowels as narrowed with the tongue raised as in high vowels, but the jaw open as in low vowels. This conflicts with the presentation of the IPA, in which high and close are synonymous, as are low and open. Other than the back unrounded vowels and the value of for IPA (but also for English "bird", in broad notation), Sweet's notation is essentially that of the IPA.
Italic a takes its traditional shape, which would later be made distinct in the IPA. That is, italic a was , and italic ɐ, . Long vowels are written double. Nasal vowels with an italic nasal consonant letter, such as or (for French) .
These are defined by Sweet as:
The lax vowels are defined by Sweet as:
History.
The 1877 version of the Romic alphabet differed rather substantially from the 1892 version. It was very similar to Ellis's Paleotype.
Vowels.
Central vowels were indicated with a non-italic 'h' rather than a diaeresis, with regular for later irregular .
The unrounded back vowels were irregular in their composition, in that laxness was not indicated by italicizing, which was used instead for the low vowels. They were (tense) high , mid (English "but"), low and (lax) high , mid (English "father") and low (Scots ).
 was used for the unstressed English schwa. It was not listed in the vowel chart because it was not considered to have any particular articulation, being merely an independent element of voicing (what Sweet called a 'glide vowel'), and the voiced equivalent of unarticulated (which would later become ). is an open glottis, (or ) a whispery glottis.
Nasal vowels were indicated with a following italic 𝑛, the French "guttural" nasals with a following italic 𝑞, as in and .
Vowel length was indicated with a following rather than doubling, as in (or extra-long ).
Reduced or barely pronounced sounds were marked by brackets, so .
Indices were used to avoid complex detail when it would be understood, as for English diphthongal 
Consonants.
Glottal stop was "x", the velar nasal "q". Digraphs were used where later Sweet would use distinct characters.
 and (IPA [h] and [ə]) might both be considered vowels, without any particular place of articulation, though at least [h] can sometimes behave as a glottal consonant.
English "ch" and "j" sounds were written and . was specifically an English .
Modifications of consonants.
Consonants took diacritics for fronting, as in dental , or retraction, as in uvular , retroflection, as in , and protrusion, as in interdental .
Where the IPA uses superscript letters for secondary articulation, Sweet used italics. Labialization and palatalization were indicated by a following italic and . An italic was used for trills, e.g. Italian (and voiceless Welsh ), German , bilabial , and epiglottal and as in Arabic "ain" and "heth".
Aspiration was marked with . (This was not italicized, but would be later when replaced with ℎ.) Whispered sounds were marked e.g. .
Simultaneous articulation was marked with *, as in .
As with vowels, barely articulated or pronounced consonants were set off with [brackets].
Much of the notation for phonetic detail may have carried over into later versions.
Stress and pitch.
Stress is indicated with a placed after the onset of the syllable, as in 'try' ( 'a try' vs 'at Rye'). Extra stress was marked with doubled , half stress with . Increasing, level, and decreasing stress (illustrated with the letter 'a') were , , respectively.
Tone and intonation were indicated with iconic symbols such as rising , falling , level , rising-falling , etc., as in early IPA usage.

</doc>
<doc id="6981108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981108" title="Design and Art Direction">
Design and Art Direction

Design and Art Direction (D&amp;AD), formerly known as British Design and Art Direction, is a British educational organisation that was created in 1962 to promote excellence in design and advertising. Its main offices are in Spitalfields in London. It is most famous for its annual awards, the D&amp;AD Pencils. The highest award given by D&amp;AD, the Black Pencil, is not necessarily awarded every year.
History.
Origins (1962–1977).
D&amp;AD was founded in 1962 by a group of London-based designers and art directors including David Bailey, Terence Donovan, Alan Fletcher, and Colin Forbes (who designed the original D&amp;AD logo). A panel of 25 judged the 2500 entries to the first awards in 1963. They awarded one Black Pencil (to Geoffrey Jones Films) and 16 Yellow Pencils. Early winners received an ebony pencil box designed by Marcello Minale, one of the founding partners of Minale Tattersfield, which contained a pencil with silver lettering. In 1966 it was replaced by a more durable award. Its education programmes in their infancy, D&amp;AD launched graphic workshops in association with the Royal College of Art in the mid-1960s. They ran until the mid-1970s. Designer Michael Wolff became the first elected president of D&amp;AD in 1970. Six years later, then-president Alan Parker gave the first D&amp;AD President’s Award for outstanding contribution to creativity to Colin Millward of Collett Dickenson Pearce.
Introduction of Student Awards (1978–1990).
D&amp;AD education programmes continued to grow in 1978 when Dave Trott set up the D&amp;AD Advertising Workshops. In 1979, initiated by Sir John Hegarty of Bartle Bogle Hegarty, the Student Awards were launched. Bridging the gap between college and work, the awards present students with real world briefs to tackle. The awards had already started to recognise a wider range of categories through the 1960s and 1970s and photography, retail design (now environmental design), music videos, and product design became part of the awards in the 1980s. The awards also opened up to international entries for the first time in 1988. Controversy surrounded a decision to hold separate advertising and design awards in 1986 and 1987; the separation, made for practical reasons based on the chosen venue, was seen by members as a split between industries. Afterward, the ceremony did come back under one roof, where it has remained.
Move to Graphite Square, Vauxhall (1990–2012).
D&amp;AD moved to Graphite Square, in Vauxhall in the 1990s. The first Student Expo (now New Blood) and the University Network, the D&amp;AD membership programme for university and college courses, launched in 1993. The first session of "Xchange" took place in 1996. It was described as a ‘summer school’ for college lecturers and creative practitioners updated participants on the latest industry trends. D&amp;AD launched its website in 1996 and introduced its first digital categories to the awards in 1997. D&amp;AD celebrated its 40th birthday in 2002 with "Rewind", a retrospective exhibition and book of some of the most iconic work since the 1960s at the Victoria &amp; Albert Museum.
A new benchmark was set at the turn of the century when a double Black Pencil was awarded to the AMV.BBDO ‘Surfer’ for Guinness for its visuals. This was matched five years later by ‘Grrr’, Wieden + Kennedy London's work for Honda UK. In 2006 another milestone was set as leoburnett.com won the first digital Black Pencil. Developments in the industry meant that two new categories were added in 2008, broadcast innovations and mobile marketing. That year, Apple Inc. won a Black Pencil for the iMac and the first-generation iPhone.
Design Workshops were relaunched in 2006 and D&amp;AD North, its first regional network, in Manchester the same year. The Student Awards have become an increasingly international event. Entries in 2007 came from colleges in more than 40 countries. Italian design group Fabrica designed The annual outside the UK for the first time in 2007 and the showreel moved online that same year.
50th year and beyond (2012–present).
In 2012, D&amp;AD moved to a location on Hanbury Street. It celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2012 by honouring the most successful award-winners in its history with a special edition Taschen D&amp;AD Annual featuring 50 different covers. 
In 2017, D&amp;AD moved to a new office and event space on Cheshire Street, London.
In October 2024, D&amp;AD appointed its first US-based President, Kwame Taylor-Hayford.
D&amp;AD Pencil Awards.
The following are the D&amp;AD Pencil award levels:
D&amp;AD presidents.
Each year the D&amp;AD elects a president from the creative community. They are always D&amp;AD Award winners.

</doc>
<doc id="6981110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981110" title="Maroggia">
Maroggia

Maroggia is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2022, the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio merged to form the new municipality of Val Mara.
History.
Maroggia is first mentioned around 962-966 as "Marogia".
The Maroggia area has been inhabited since the Iron Age. In 1906, a northern Etruscan inscription was discovered, followed by a Roman era stele in 1926. The Lombards King Liutprand gave the village to church of S. Carpoforo in Como in 724. Later it went to the Benedictine abbey of S. Ambrogio in Milan. In 1798, it joined the short-lived Republic of Riva San Vitale.
The village belonged to the parish church of Riva San Vitale until 1644 when it became an independent parish. The parish church of St. Peter is first mentioned in 1579, but was built in the Early Middle Ages. The new building was built in 1640 and restored in 1982–83. On the foundation of a building from the 16th Century the pilgrimage chapel of Madonna della Cintura was built in 1731–66.
Historically, the villager earned their living from fishing and making charcoal. The current mill, which was fully automated in 2000, dates from the 19th Century. At the same time, there was a paper factory and a food processing plant. In 1878 Romeo Manzoni opened a girls' boarding school, which was named after him. The school was sold in 1905, to the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales who established the Don Bosco College in the building. In 2000 about two-thirds of the workers, worked outside the municipality. In 2005, over half of the jobs in the municipality were in the industrial sector of the economy.
Geography.
Maroggia has an area, , of . Of this area, or 20.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 58.0% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 33.0% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.0% is either rivers or lakes.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 2.0% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 16.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 11.0%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 3.0%. Out of the forested land, 53.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 5.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 4.0% is used for growing crops and 16.0% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the eastern bank of Lake Lugano.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a donkey argent passant over a bridge of the same massoned sable above three lines wavy also argent and in chief three mullets or one and two."
Demographics.
Maroggia has a population () of . , 27.4% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 4.9%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (85.4%), with German being second most common (6.0%) and Spanish being third (2.3%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 34 speak German, 11 people speak French, 480 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (36 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.1% male and 51.9% female. The population was made up of 206 Swiss men (34.8% of the population), and 79 (13.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 228 Swiss women (38.5%), and 79 (13.3%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 6 live births to Swiss citizens and were 7 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There were 2 Swiss men who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 10 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 12 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.3%.
The age distribution, , in Maroggia is; 48 children or 8.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 41 teenagers or 6.9% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 60 people or 10.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 98 people or 16.6% are between 30 and 39, 101 people or 17.1% are between 40 and 49, and 67 people or 11.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 81 people or 13.7% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 56 people or 9.5% are between 70 and 79, there are 40 people or 6.8% who are over 80.
, there were 268 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 84 single family homes (or 54.5% of the total) out of a total of 154 inhabited buildings. There were 30 two family buildings (19.5%) and 21 multi-family buildings (13.6%). There were also 19 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 419 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 137. There were 32 single room apartments and 76 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 267 apartments (63.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 149 apartments (35.6%) were seasonally occupied and 3 apartments (0.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 22.54% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (21.9%), the Ticino League (18.52%) and the FDP (18.38%). In the federal election, a total of 181 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 47.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 386 registered voters in Maroggia, of which 243 or 63.0% voted. 5 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 237 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 47 or 19.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD+GenGiova (with 46 or 19.4%), the PS (with 45 or 19.0%) and the SSI (with 39 or 16.5%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 241 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 55 or 22.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 44 or 18.3%), the LEGA (with 43 or 17.8%) and the PPD (with 42 or 17.4%).
Economy.
, Maroggia had an unemployment rate of 4.15%. , there were 2 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. 91 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 10 businesses in this sector. 64 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 24 businesses in this sector. There were 279 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 37.6% of the workforce.
, there were 206 workers who commuted into the municipality and 206 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.0 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 25.7% of the workforce coming into Maroggia are coming from outside Switzerland, while 1.9% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 13.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 59.1% used a private car.
, there were 2 hotels in Maroggia.
Religion.
From the , 456 or 81.1% were Roman Catholic, while 24 or 4.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 71 individuals (or about 12.63% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 11 individuals (or about 1.96% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Maroggia about 67.1% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Maroggia there were a total of 67 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Maroggia there were 14 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 17 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 14 students in the two-year middle school, while 11 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 5 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 6 who attend part-time.
, there were 44 students in Maroggia who came from another municipality, while 62 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Maroggia is served by the Maroggia-Melano station, situated on the border with the adjoining municipality of Melano, which is on the Gotthard railway just to the south of the Maroggia Tunnel.
The A2 motorway, which links Lugano and the north of Switzerland with Chiasso and Italy, passes through Maroggia, with the motorway's San Nicolao Tunnel on the municipality's northern border. However, there is no motorway junction within the municipality, with traffic having to use local roads to access junctions at Melide/Bissone to the north, or Mendrisio to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="6981122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981122" title="Allan Rune Pettersson">
Allan Rune Pettersson

Allan Rune Pettersson (9 March 1936 – 15 August 2018) was a Swedish author.
After a varied career as a producer of children's programmes on Swedish radio and later as an innkeeper in Portugal, he became a freelance writer on his return to Sweden in 1965.
He has written several children's books, plays for children and adults for stage, radio and TV. Notable books include "Frankenstein's Aunt" and "Frankenstein's Aunt Returns".

</doc>
<doc id="6981126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981126" title="Behind Every Good Woman">
Behind Every Good Woman



</doc>
<doc id="6981131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981131" title="Massagno">
Massagno

Massagno is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
An Upper Paleolithic Ax made out of serpentinite, and some cremation graves from the Iron Age are the only prehistoric traces discovered in Massagno. The village of Massagno is first mentioned in 1146 as "Masagnio". In 1198 it was mentioned as "Maxanio".
The "Vicinanza" of Massagno emerged from the villages of Massagno and Gerso, and during the Middle Ages it was part of the Pieve of Lugano. During the 9th and 10th centuries, the Cathedral of S. Lorenzo in Lugano seems to have owned individual farms and houses in the village, and in 1198 it was the main landholder. At the same time, the "Kastlanei" Sonvico owned some estates. In 1262 the hospital of St. Mary of Lugano acquired some estates as well, which were sold in 1739 to the Luvini family in Massagno. In 1329, the provost of the Humiliati monastery of S . Antonio in Lugano bought land in the village. Then, in the 14th century, the Bishop of Como acquired the right to tithe in Massagno and land in Gerso.
Historically, Massagno was part of the Lugano parish. Between 1920 and 1927, together with Rovello, it formed one of Luganos five "rettorati". The Chapel of St. Anthony of Padua in Gerso is from 1655 to 1670 and was restored in 1983. It was built by a member of the Solari family from Gerso, who had made his fortune in the wool trade in Venice.
Between 1815 and 1830, the main road into the village was built. Between 1879 and 1880 an excavation for a railway line led to strong population growth as workers (especially from Italy) migrated to Massagno for work. In 2000, about three quarters commuted out of town for work. The school complex was built in 1970–71.
Geography.
Massagno has an area, , of . Of this area, or 98.6% is buildings or roads, while or 1.4% is forested. Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 59.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 24.3%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 8.1%.
The municipality is located in the Lugano District, in the north-western agglomeration of Lugano. It consists of the village of Massagno the settlement of Gerso and, since 1804, part of the former municipality of Rovello.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a chestnut three vert fructed gules a core and eradicated or issuant from a mount of the second in chief a sun in splendor and in base of the first two line invected argent." The tree refers to the location of the village, on top of a hill, surrounded by chestnut trees.
Demographics.
Massagno has a population () of . , 42.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. In 2015 a large minority (1,367 or 22.0% of the population) was born in Italy. Over the last 6 years (2010–2016) the population has changed at a rate of 5.86%. The birth rate in the municipality, in 2016, was 8.7, while the death rate was 7.7 per thousand residents.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (78.0%), with German being second most common (6.6%) and Serbo-Croatian being third (5.4%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 369 speak German, 127 people speak French, 4,334 people speak Italian, and 7 people speak Romansh. The remainder (721 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 45.9% male and 54.1% female. The population was made up of 1,563 Swiss men (26.4% of the population), and 1,152 (19.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 2,048 Swiss women (34.6%), and 1,155 (19.5%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 31 live births to Swiss citizens and 24 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 40 deaths of Swiss citizens and 13 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 9 while the foreign population increased by 11. There were 8 Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland and 4 Swiss women who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 53 non-Swiss men and 50 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 35 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 104 people. This represents a population growth rate of 2.4%.
, children and teenagers (0–19 years old) make up 17.7% of the population, while adults (20–64 years old) are 60.8% of the population and seniors (over 64 years old) make up 21.5%. In 2015 there were 2,694 single residents, 2,623 people who were married or in a civil partnership, 372 widows or widowers and 520 divorced residents.
In 2016 there were 3,021 private households in Massagno with an average household size of 2.02 persons. In 2015 about 29.3% of all buildings in the municipality were single family homes, which is much less than the percentage in the canton (68.1%) and much less than the percentage nationally (57.4%). Of the 541 inhabited buildings in the municipality, in 2000, about 33.5% were single family homes and 51.6% were multiple family buildings. Additionally, about 2.6% of the buildings were built before 1919, while 3.9% were built between 1991 and 2000. In 2015 the rate of construction of new housing units per 1000 residents was 5.8. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 1.82%.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Traffic.
Massagno is in close proximity to the SBB station Lugano on the Gotthard axis, which leads through the Gotthard Base Tunnel, opened in 2018, and thus on its main axis Zurich – Milan. Rail service of the Ceneri Base Tunnel started on 4 September 2020 and was operationalised for freight in December 2020. The tunnel improves the connection of Lugano (and therefore also of Massagno) by local trains to the cities of Bellinzona and Locarno significantly. The travel time between Locarno and Lugano is reduced by the new tunnel from 55 to 22 minutes.
It is planned to fill the "trincea" (ditch), where the railway tracks run before the northern entrance to Lugano station and which cuts through the territory of the municipality of Massagno, and to create a park on the resulting area.
Massagno is located directly on the slip road Lugano-South to the Swiss Highway 2 (Gotthard route) from Basel to Milan.
Traffic history: The Lugano–Tesserete railway was a narrow-gauge railway from Lugano railway station to Tesserete that started in 1907. The first stop after Lugano station was in Massagno. The railway was electrified from the outset; it was replaced by a bus line of the public transport operator Autolinee Regionali Luganesi (ARL) in 1967.
Politics.
In the 2015 federal election the most popular party was the CVP with 33.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (18.9%), the Ticino League (17.2%) and the FDP (15.2%). In the federal election, a total of 1,695 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 53.0%.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 39.16% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (16.45%), the FDP (15.72%) and the Ticino League (14.25%). In the federal election, a total of 1,556 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 50.7%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 3,098 registered voters in Massagno, of which 1,892 or 61.1% voted. 24 blank ballots and 4 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,864 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 620 or 33.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 279 or 15.0%), the LEGA (with 273 or 14.6%) and the PLRT (with 268 or 14.4%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 18 blank ballots and 8 null ballots were cast, leaving 1,867 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 619 or 33.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the LEGA (with 384 or 20.6%), the PS (with 305 or 16.3%) and the PLRT (with 258 or 13.8%).
Economy.
Massagno is a suburban community. The municipality is part of the agglomeration of Lugano. , there were a total of 1,874 people employed in the municipality. There were no primary sector jobs or businesses in the municipality. The secondary sector employed 330 workers in 42 separate businesses, with two businesses employing a total of 222 employees. Finally, the tertiary sector provided 1,544 jobs in 398 businesses.
In 2016 a total of 5.8% of the population received social assistance. In 2011 the unemployment rate in the municipality was 5.7%.
In 2015 the average cantonal, municipal and church tax rate in the municipality for a couple with two children making was 2.2% while the rate for a single person making was 14.9%. The canton has one of the lowest average tax rates for those making and an average rate for those making . In 2013 the average income in the municipality per tax payer was and the per person average was , which is greater than the cantonal averages of and respectively It is also greater than the national per tax payer average of and the per person average of .
, there were 1,341 workers who commuted into the municipality and 2,153 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.6 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 15.7% of the workforce coming into Massagno are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.4% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 19.5% used public transportation to get to work, and 44% used a private car.
, there were 3 hotels in Massagno with a total of 34 rooms and 64 beds.
Religion.
From the , 3,837 or 69.0% were Roman Catholic, while 362 or 6.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 1,054 individuals (or about 18.96% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 305 individuals (or about 5.49% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Massagno about 63.9% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Massagno there were a total of 766 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Massagno there were 132 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 227 students attended the standard primary schools and 7 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 191 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 86 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 48 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 64 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 10 students in the professional program.
, there were 178 students in Massagno who came from another municipality, while 318 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6981132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981132" title="Sanetomi Sanjo">
Sanetomi Sanjo



</doc>
<doc id="6981136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981136" title="Rosa and Crib">
Rosa and Crib



</doc>
<doc id="6981147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981147" title="Borden Food Corporation">
Borden Food Corporation



</doc>
<doc id="6981149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981149" title="Crib and rosa">
Crib and rosa



</doc>
<doc id="6981161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981161" title="Holy Wisdom">
Holy Wisdom

Holy Wisdom (, ) is a concept in Christian theology.
Christian theology received the Old Testament personification of Wisdom (Hebrew "Chokmah") as well as the concept of Wisdom ("Sophia") from Greek philosophy, especially Platonism. In Christology, Christ the Logos as God the Son was identified with Divine Wisdom from earliest times.
There has also been a minority position which identified Wisdom with the Holy Spirit instead. Furthermore, in mystical interpretations forwarded in Russian Orthodoxy, known as Sophiology, Holy Wisdom as a feminine principle came to be identified with the Theotokos (Mother of God) rather than with Christ himself. Similar interpretations were proposed in feminist theology as part of the "God and Gender" debate in the 1990s.
Old Testament.
In the Septuagint, the Greek noun "sophia" is the translation of Hebrew "wisdom". 
Wisdom is a central topic in the "sapiential" books, i.e. Proverbs, Psalms, Song of Songs, Ecclesiastes, Book of Wisdom, Wisdom of Sirach, and to some extent Baruch (the last three are Deuterocanonical books of the Old Testament).
New Testament.
The expression itself is not found in the New Testament, even though passages in the Pauline epistles equate Christ with the "wisdom of God" ().
Wisdom ("Sophia") is mentioned in the gospels of Luke and Matthew a number of times in reference to Jesus.
His wisdom is recognized by the people of Nazareth, his hometown, when he was teaching in the synagogue, "insomuch that they were astonished, and said, Whence hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?" (, cf. )
Acts names wisdom as a quality given to the apostles, alongside the Holy Spirit (Acts 6:3, 6:10).
St. Paul refers to wisdom, notably in 1 Corinthians,
"Where is the wise? where is the scribe? where is the disputer of this world? hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?" (), setting worldly wisdom against a higher wisdom of God: "But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom, which God ordained before the world unto our glory." ()
The Epistle of James (; cf. ) distinguishes between two kinds of wisdom. One is a false wisdom, which is characterized as "earthly, sensual, devilish" and is associated with strife and contention. The other is the 'wisdom that comes from above':
"But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy." ()
Revelation 5:10 lists wisdom as a property of the Lamb: "Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power, and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing."
In Christology.
The identification of Christ with God's Wisdom is ancient, and was explicitly stated by the early Church Fathers, including Justin Martyr and Origen. The clearest form of the identification of Divine Wisdom with Christ comes in 1 Corinthians 1:17–2:13. There is a minor position among the Church Fathers which held that Wisdom is identical not to Christ but to the Holy Spirit. This was advanced by Theophilus of Antioch (d. 180) and by Irenaeus of Lyons (d. 202/3). 
Emperor Constantine set a pattern for Eastern Christians by dedicating a church to Christ as the personification of Divine Wisdom. In Constantinople, under Emperor Justinian, Hagia Sophia ("Holy Wisdom") was rebuilt, consecrated in 538, and became a model for many other Byzantine churches. In the Latin Church, however, "the Word" or "Logos" came through more clearly than "the Wisdom" of God as a central, high title of Christ. 
In the theology of the Western Latin Church, note Hugh of Saint Victor's allusion to Jesus as Wisdom in Book One of his . In the Eastern Orthodox Church, Holy Wisdom is understood as the Divine Logos who became incarnate as Jesus Christ; this belief being sometimes also expressed in some Eastern Orthodox icons. In the Divine Liturgy of the Eastern Orthodox Church, the exclamation "Sophia!" or in English "Wisdom!" will be proclaimed by the deacon or priest at certain moments, especially before the reading of scripture, to draw the congregation's attention to sacred teaching.
Churches.
There are numerous churches dedicated to Holy Wisdom throughout the Eastern Orthodox world.
Their archetype is the main basilica of Constantinople (now a mosque), built in the 6th century, in English simply known as the Hagia Sophia.
The extant building of the Hagia Sophia dates to the 6th century. It is not entirely clear when the first church at the site had been dedicated to "Hagia Sophia". The first church on the site, consecrated in 360 (during the reign of Constantius II), was simply known as the ("Megálē Ekklēsíā", "Great Church", or in Latin "Magna Ecclesia") A tradition which ascribes the church to Constantine the Great does not predate the 7th century.
The dedication of the Hagia Sophia of Constantinople under Justin II served as a template for the dedication of other Byzantine churches as well as early medieval churches in Italy prior to the Great Schism.
Saint Sofia Church, Sofia is claimed as near-contemporary to the basilica in Constantinople.
Hagia Sophia, Thessaloniki was built in the 8th century. 
Santa Sofia, Benevento was built in the 8th century, Santa Sofia, Venice in the 9th century and Santa Sofia, Padua in the 10th century. Saint Sophia Cathedral, Nicosia may or may not date from Late Antiquity, being first recorded in the 11th century (made a mosque in 1570).
Holy Wisdom became an important concept in Slavic Orthodoxy. Hagia Sophia Church, Nesebar, and possibly Church of St. Sophia, Ohrid, Bulgaria were built still in the 9th century. 
Saint Sophia Cathedral in Novgorod, Saint Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv and Saint Sophia Cathedral in Polotsk date to the 11th century.
Saint Sophia Cathedral in Vologda was built in the 16th century.
Saint Sophia Church, Moscow was built in the 17th century on the template of Novgorod cathedral.
Saint Sophia Cathedral, Harbin, China, was built in 1907 under the Russian Empire after the completion of the Trans-Siberian Railway.
Churches dedicated to Holy Wisdom are to be distinguished from churches dedicated to the martyr Sophia of Rome (or one of the other early saints with this name, partly conflated with one another in hagiographical tradition). Such churches are much rarer and generally younger. An example is Chiesa di Santa Sofia, Capri, dedicated to Saints Sophia and Anthony (16th century). The church of Sortino is dedicated to the martyr Sophia of Sicily.
Sophienkirche in Dresden was dedicated to Saint Sophia in honour of Sophie of Brandenburg who restored it in 1610.
Hagiography and iconography.
There is a hagiographical tradition, dating to the late 6th century,
of a Saint Sophia and her three daughters, Saints Faith, Hope and Charity.
This has been taken as the veneration of allegorical figures from an early time, and the group of saints has become popular in Russian Orthodox iconography as such (the names of the daughters rendered as ). 
Saxer (2000) notes that early Christians from the 4th century indeed often took in baptism mystical names indicative of Christian virtues, and Sophia, Sapientia, Fides are attested as names of Christian women in Catacomb inscriptions. The veneration of the three saints named for the three theological virtues probably arose in the 6th century based on such inscriptions.
In Russian Orthodox tradition, Holy Wisdom (Russian: "Holy Sophia, Divine Wisdom") is a conventional topos of iconography. 
In the "Novgorod type", named for the icon of Holy Wisdom in Saint Sophia Cathedral in Novgorod (16th century), but represented by the older icon in the Cathedral of the Annunciation, Moscow, dated to the early 15th century, Holy Wisdom is shown as a fiery angel with wings, seated on a throne and flanked
by the Theotokos and by Saint Cosmas of Maiuma. A second type, known as "Wisdom hath builded her Home" (
shows a complex theological allegory; this type becomes highly divergent from the 18th century onward reflecting the development of "sophiological" mysticism in Russia.
Russian mysticism.
The Christological identification of Christ the Logos with Divine Wisdom ("Hagia Sophia") is strongly represented in the iconographic tradition of the Russian Orthodox Church.
A type of icon of the Theotokos is "Wisdom hath builded Her house" (), a quote from Proverbs 9:1 ("Wisdom hath builded her house, she hath hewn out her seven pillars") interpreted as prefiguring the incarnation, with the Theotokos being the "house" chosen by the "hypostatic Wisdom" (i.e. "Wisdom" as a person of the Trinity).
In Russian Orthodox mysticism, "Sophia" became increasingly indistinguishable from the person of the Theotokos (rather than Christ), to the point of the implication of the Theotokos as a "fourth person of the Trinity".
Such interpretations became popular in the late 19th to early 20th century, forwarded by authors such as Vladimir Solovyov, Pavel Florensky, Nikolai Berdyaev, and Sergei Bulgakov.
Bulgakov's theology, known as "Sophianism", presented Divine Wisdom as co-existent with the Trinity, operating as the feminine aspect of God in concert with the three masculine principles of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. It was the topic of a highly political controversy in the early 1930s and was condemned as heretical 
in 1935.
John Maximovitch in "The Orthodox Veneration of the Mother of God", discusses at length why the sophianism of Sergius Bulgakov is heresy, attempting the deification of the Theotokos.
Vladimir Lossky likewise rejects the teachings of Solovyev and Bulgakov.
Lossky presents Divine Wisdom as an energy (and not an essence) of God, just as Faith, Hope and Charity are energies of God.
Thomas Merton studied the Russian Sophiologists and praised Sophia in his poem titled "Hagia Sophia" (1963).
The "sophological" approach of introducing Wisdom as a female principle in the Holy Trinity is closely paralleled by certain proposals made in feminist theology in the west. Thus, Elizabeth Johnson (1993) proposed the "application of Sophiological terminology to the Persons of the Holy Trinity" as a way of "normalizing feminine imagery for God". The parallels between the (apparently independent) currents of Russian mysticism and Western feminist theology was pointed out by Meehan (1996).
Protestant mysticism.
Within the Protestant tradition in England, Jane Leade, 17th-century Christian mystic, Universalist, and founder of the Philadelphian Society, wrote copious descriptions of her visions and dialogues with the "Virgin Sophia" who, she said, revealed to her the spiritual workings of the Universe.
Leade was hugely influenced by the theosophical writings of 16th century German Christian mystic Jakob Böhme, who also speaks of the Sophia in works such as "The Way to Christ" (1624). Jakob Böhme was very influential to a number of Christian mystics and religious leaders, including George Rapp and the Harmony Society.
Shaker theology.
For Shakers, Holy Mother Wisdom "will come forth and be revealed in her true order; and will be known, even as the Eternal Father is known" (Divine Book of Holy and Eternal Wisdom; Part VI; Chapter 2; Verse 22).

</doc>
<doc id="6981164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981164" title="Pierre François Olive Rayer">
Pierre François Olive Rayer

Pierre François Olive Rayer (8 March 1793 – 10 September 1867) was a French physician who was a native of Saint Sylvain. He made important contributions in the fields of pathological anatomy, physiology, comparative pathology and parasitology. He worked for the most part at the Hôpital de la Charité and became a professor of comparative anatomy at the faculty of medicine in Paris in 1862. 
Biography.
Rayer was born in Saint Sylvain and little is known about his family. He studied medicine at Caen, and afterwards in Paris at the Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes and at the Hôtel-Dieu. As a student he went to Dijon to care for Spanish prisoners suffering from typhus. He became an interne of medicine in 1813. In 1814 he became a student of André-Marie C. Duméril and in 1818 earned his medical doctorate with a thesis titled ‘Sommaire d'une histoire abrégée de l'anatomie pathologique’. In 1821 he studied an epidemic of malaria in the countryside. In 1822 he was interested in studying an outbreak of yellow fever in Barcelona but he was denied permission to visit. He was more interested in academics than as a practitioner but his early attempts to apply for a career were thwarted. His name was removed from a list of candidates for "concours de l'agrégation" by Abbé de Frayssinous, Minister of Public Instruction, presumably as punishment for having married a Protestant. His private practice saw a large number of Protestant and Jewish patients. It was only in 1823 that he was made an assistant physician at the Academy of Medicine. Later on, he became a physician at Hôpital Saint-Antoine (1825), and at the Hôpital de la Charité (1832), and was also a consultant-physician to King Louis-Philippe. In 1842 his work on animal diseases led to hi being made chair of rural economy. In 1857 he was president of a committee on public hygiene and in 1859 he was president of the Association Générale des Médecins de France. In 1862 he attained the chair of comparative anatomy and was named dean of the Faculty of Medicine at Paris.
In 1826-27 he worked on skin diseases and published "Traité théorique et pratique des maladies de la peau." In this work he was among the first to recognize skin lesions as markers of underlying diseases. In 1837 Rayer discovered that the fatal equine disease known as glanders was contagious to other species, including humans. He observed "Bacillus anthracis" under the microscope. Between 1837 and 1841 he published a three-volume book on diseases of the kidney titled "Traité des maladies des reins". Along with Claude Bernard, Charles-Philippe Robin, Charles Edouard Brown-Séquard, François Follin and Charles-Nicolas Houel, he founded the Société de Biologie, serving as its first president in 1848. In 1850 Rayer published a paper that provided the first description of the anthrax bacillus ("Inoculation du sang de rate", 1850). In this work he documented studies that he performed with physician Casimir Davaine (1812-1882) in regards to "Bacillus anthracis". He was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1855.
Rayer was a member of the Académie de Médecine and the Académie des Sciences, and co-founder of the Société de biologie, of which he was also president. He maintained friendships with several influential people in France, that included naturalist Isidore Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire, novelist George Sand and philosopher Émile Littré to whom he even lent money.
Rayer suffered ill health from 1867 and on 8 September he suffered a stroke and died 48 hours later at his home under the care of Casimir-Joseph Davaine.

</doc>
<doc id="6981167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981167" title="Animal Farm in popular culture">
Animal Farm in popular culture



</doc>
<doc id="6981170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981170" title="Takikomi gohan">
Takikomi gohan

 is a Japanese rice dish seasoned with dashi and soy sauce and mixed with mushrooms, vegetables, meat, or fish. The ingredients are cooked together with the rice. The dish is consumed by people in Japan around the fall season since many root vegetables and mushrooms are harvested during this season in Japan. Ingredients will vary based on the seasonal vegetables and fish. Since the dish has nutritional value, and uses a small amount of rice with vegetables and proteins, some Japanese people eat it for dieting purposes.
History.
 was created during the Nara period. Rice was scarce then, so people conserved rice by adding millet or other cereals, wild vegetables, yam or Japanese radish, creating an early form of called . During the Muromachi period, became popular, turned into a dish called using ingredients such as barley, beans, and vegetables. Over time, people became creative and made a variety of dishes with seasonal ingredients.
Difference from.
 is prepared by adding the ingredients, broth and seasonings to raw rice and cooking them together. In contrast, "maze gohan" is prepared by first cooking rice alone, then mixing the ingredients into it.

</doc>
<doc id="6981176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981176" title="JG Motorsports">
JG Motorsports

JG Motorsports was a NASCAR Busch Series race team co-owned by Jeff Gordon and Rick Hendrick, which attempted 20 races in the year 2000.
The team evolved from Gordon–Evernham Motorsports, which ran six races in the Busch Series in 1999.
History.
Gordon–Evernham Motorsports (1999).
In 1999, Brooke Gordon (then wife of Jeff Gordon) and Ray Evernham formed Gordon/Evernham Motorsports (GEM) to compete in that year's Busch Series season. The team's Pepsi-sponsored cars ran six races with Jeff Gordon as driver and Evernham as crew chief. DuPont sponsored the No. 24 car in two races in 1999 with driver Ricky Hendrick, with Evernham and Patrick Donahue as crew chiefs. During the season, Gordon won the Outback Steakhouse 200, the inaugural Busch Series race at Phoenix International Raceway.
Due to offers from Dodge, Evernham sold his half of GEM to Rick Hendrick at the end of the year.
JG Motorsports (2000).
The GEM cars competed in the 2000 NASCAR Busch Series under the title "JG Motorsports". The team was jointly owned by Jeff Gordon and Rick Hendrick and attempted 20 races in the year. The team ran sixteen races with Ricky Hendrick as driver and did not qualify for five of the sixteen. Pepsi stayed as sponsor for the five races Gordon drove and GMAC came on as sponsor for the races Ricky Hendrick drove. In the team's final race at Homestead-Miami Speedway, Gordon won the season finale after leading the final 71 laps.

</doc>
<doc id="6981182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981182" title="ARP-410">
ARP-410



</doc>
<doc id="6981184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981184" title="Give Us Something">
Give Us Something



</doc>
<doc id="6981187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981187" title="Gidja language">
Gidja language



</doc>
<doc id="6981188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981188" title="Jake Paltrow">
Jake Paltrow

Jake Paltrow (born September 26, 1975) is an American film director, screenwriter and actor. Coming from a family of actors, he is the younger brother of Gwyneth Paltrow and the son of Bruce Paltrow and Blythe Danner.
Personal life.
Paltrow is the son of producer-director Bruce Paltrow and actress Blythe Danner. 
His father is Jewish and he had a Bar Mitzvah. 
He is a half first cousin of actress Katherine Moennig and a second cousin of former U.S. congresswoman Gabby Giffords.
In 1999, Paltrow met photographer and artist Taryn Simon, whom he married in 2010; they have two children together.
Career.
Paltrow began his career in television directing some "NYPD Blue" episodes, such as: "Andy Appleseed" (2003), "Brothers Under Arms" (2000) and "Big Bang Theory" (1999), following in his father's footsteps as a television director.
In 2006, he made his debut as a film director with the movie "The Good Night", which featured his sister Gwyneth. The movie was released at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. Paltrow has produced short films about actors for the "New York Times". In 2014, he wrote, directed and produced the dystopian sci-fi Western "Young Ones".

</doc>
<doc id="6981189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981189" title="Melano">
Melano

Melano is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 10 April 2022, the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio merged to form the new municipality of Val Mara.
History.
A Roman era necropolis was discovered in the municipality. The modern village of Melano is first mentioned in 799 as "Mellani". In 1192 it was mentioned as "Melano". In 847, the Benedictine Abbey of Sant'Ambrogio of Milan owned land in Melano. In the Middle Ages the city of Como, controlled the port of Melano. During their wars against Milan in the early 12th Century, the port was of strategic importance. In the Late Middle Ages there was a wall between Melano and Capolago (first mentioned in 1449) that led down to the lake from Monte Generoso. In 1798, Melano belonged to the short-lived Republic of Riva San Vitale.
Melano was part of the parish of Riva San Vitale until 1591 when it became an independent parish. The Parish Church of St. Andrew was built in the 15th Century, totally rebuilt in 1846-50 and restored in 1992–94. In 1634-37 the Sanctuary of the Madonna del Castelletto was built on a previous, 14th Century building. It was restored in 1985-87 and is one of the most popular pilgrimage sites in the Ticino.
Agriculture, livestock, forestry and seasonal migrations have long been the main sources of income. In 1840 Giovanni Battista Fogliardi opened one of the first silk mills in Ticino in Melano. At the beginning of the 21st Century much of the economy is based around tourism.
Geography.
Melano has an area, (as of the 2004/09 survey) of . Of this area, about 4.0% is used for agricultural purposes, while 73.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 16.3% is settled (buildings or roads) and 5.7% is unproductive land. In the 2004/09 survey a total of or about 6.8% of the total area was covered with buildings, an increase of over the 1983 amount. Over the same time period, the amount of recreational space in the municipality increased by and is now about 1.75% of the total area. Of the agricultural land, is used for orchards and vineyards, is fields and grasslands and consists of alpine grazing areas. Since 1983 the amount of agricultural land has decreased by . Rivers and lakes cover in the municipality.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the eastern shore of Lake Lugano at the foot of Monte Generoso.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules a hazel dormouse or the chief embatteled argent and in base also argent three bendlets wavy azure."
Demographics.
Melano has a population () of . , 23.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 18.2%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (84.9%), with German being second most common (8.1%) and Spanish being third (1.5%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 89 speak German, 10 people speak French, 936 people speak Italian. The remainder (67 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.7% male and 49.3% female. The population was made up of 485 Swiss men (37.4% of the population), and 173 (13.3%) non-Swiss men. There were 511 Swiss women (39.4%), and 128 (9.9%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 5 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 1 while the foreign population increased by 2. There was 1 Swiss man who immigrated back to Switzerland and 2 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 9 non-Swiss men and 7 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 14 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 5 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.7%.
The age distribution, , in Melano is; 141 children or 10.9% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 121 teenagers or 9.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 148 people or 11.4% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 233 people or 18.0% are between 30 and 39, 230 people or 17.7% are between 40 and 49, and 157 people or 12.1% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 125 people or 9.6% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 93 people or 7.2% are between 70 and 79, there are 49 people or 3.8% who are over 80.
, there were 500 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 199 single family homes (or 59.6% of the total) out of a total of 334 inhabited buildings. There were 73 two family buildings (21.9%) and 41 multi-family buildings (12.3%). There were also 21 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.91%. there were 605 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 193. There were 24 single room apartments and 159 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 497 apartments (82.1% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 99 apartments (16.4%) were seasonally occupied and 9 apartments (1.5%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 3.2 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Della Madonna Del Castelletto Church is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance. The entire village of Melano is part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2015 federal election the most popular party was the FDP with 25.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Ticino League (23.3%), the CVP (17.1%) and the SP (15.4%). In the federal election, a total of 408 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 48.6%.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 33.47% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (18.09%), the SP (16.49%) and the Ticino League (12.25%). In the federal election, a total of 317 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 41.1%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 780 registered voters in Melano, of which 432 or 55.4% voted. 13 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 418 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 106 or 25.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 81 or 19.4%), the PPD+GenGiova (with 64 or 15.3%) and the SSI (with 62 or 14.8%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 9 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 422 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 107 or 25.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 94 or 22.3%), the LEGA (with 70 or 16.6%) and the PPD (with 64 or 15.2%).
Economy.
, Melano had an unemployment rate of 2.57%. , there were 12 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector. 73 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 9 businesses in this sector. 185 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 42 businesses in this sector. There were 522 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.6% of the workforce.
, there were 251 workers who commuted into the municipality and 393 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.6 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 25.1% of the workforce coming into Melano are coming from outside Switzerland, while 1.0% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 6.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 68.4% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 905 or 82.1% were Roman Catholic, while 55 or 5.0% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 125 individuals (or about 11.34% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 17 individuals (or about 1.54% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Melano about 72% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Melano there were a total of 216 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Melano there were 38 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 66 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 54 students in the two-year middle school, while 16 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 13 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 26 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 2 students in the professional program.
, there was 1 student in Melano who came from another municipality, while 191 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Melano is served by the Maroggia-Melano station, situated on the border with the adjoining municipality of Maroggia, which is on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6981196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981196" title="Kitja language">
Kitja language



</doc>
<doc id="6981197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981197" title="Kidja language">
Kidja language



</doc>
<doc id="6981198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981198" title="Jose Rodriguez">
Jose Rodriguez

José Rodríguez or Jose Rodriguez may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6981199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981199" title="SKELETOR">
SKELETOR



</doc>
<doc id="6981200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981200" title="Hello Larry">
Hello Larry



</doc>
<doc id="6981202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981202" title="Lunga language">
Lunga language



</doc>
<doc id="6981208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981208" title="Henry Temple, 2nd Viscount Palmerston">
Henry Temple, 2nd Viscount Palmerston

Henry Temple, 2nd Viscount Palmerston, FRS (4 December 1739 – 17 April 1802), was a British politician.
Life.
Temple was a son of Henry Temple (son of Henry Temple, 1st Viscount Palmerston) and Jane, daughter of Sir John Barnard, Lord Mayor of London.
He was born into 'the Ascendancy', the Anglo-Irish aristocracy. His family owned a vast country estate in the north of County Sligo in the west of Ireland. He succeeded to the peerage in 1757, and was educated at Clare College, Cambridge from 1757 to 1759.
As a member of the British House of Commons, he represented the constituencies of East Looe between 1762 and 1768, Southampton between 1768 and 1774, Hastings between 1774 and 1784, Boroughbridge between 1784 and 1790, Newport, Isle of Wight between 1790 and 1796, and Winchester between 1796 and his death in 1802.
He was appointed to the Board of Trade in 1765, was a Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty between 1766 and 1777, and was a Lord of the Treasury from 1777 to 1782.
In 1763 Temple journeyed to Italy, staying with Voltaire at Ferney en route. He reached Rome in 1764, and from there visited Paestum, south of Naples. He bought antiquities and paintings from Gavin Hamilton, antiquities from Giovanni Battista Piranesi, paintings from Angelica Kauffman, cameos from Giovanni Pichler and sculpture from Joseph Nollekens.
He died on 17 April 1802 at his house in Hanover Square, Westminster, and was buried at Romsey Abbey with a monument by John Flaxman.
He left behind his wife and children. His son, Henry John Temple, 3rd Viscount Palmerston, was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid-19th century.
A portrait of Henry Temple by Angelica Kauffman is held at Broadlands, Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="6981212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981212" title="Lungga language">
Lungga language

Lungga (also spelled Luga, Luqa) is a Malayo-Polynesian language spoken by about 2,800 people on the southern half of Ranongga Island, Solomon Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="6981214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981214" title="Salvage title">
Salvage title

In North America, a salvage title is a form of vehicle title branding, which notes that the vehicle has been damaged and/or deemed a total loss by an insurance company that paid a claim on it. The criteria for determining when a salvage title is issued differ considerably by each state, province or territory. In a minority of states and Canadian provinces, regulations require a salvage title for stolen or vandalized vehicles which are not recovered by police within 21 days. In such cases insurance companies declare a vehicle total loss and pay off the previous owner; but, in others, it is issued only for losses due to damage. Under some circumstances, a salvage title denotation may be removed or replaced with a "Rebuilt Salvage" designation; and cars imported to, or exported from, the United States may be issued a clean title regardless of history.
Because a salvage title can be issued to a vehicle with easily repairable problems or no damage whatsoever, the low cost of the salvaged motorcycle or car is appealing to some hobbyists and investors. Experts recommend caution when purchasing a salvaged vehicle, because there may be hidden damage, which, if unrepairable, may render the vehicle a "pile of parts."
A junk title is a different classification for cars that can only be used for parts or scrap, and are not to be repaired to road-worthy conditions.
Determination of salvage status.
In general, a vehicle is deemed to be "salvage" when the insurer determines that the repair or replacement cost is in excess of approximately 70% of its market value at the time of the accident or theft. Thresholds range between 50% and 95% of the vehicle's value, while "total loss states" leave the specifics to the insurer. In the state of Michigan, the issuance of a salvage title does "not" mean that the vehicle is also deemed a total loss. Michigan issues a salvage title when the damage equals 75-90% of the pre-damage value; if the loss is 91% or greater the vehicle is eligible only for a "scrap" title, which cannot be subsequently upgraded by any means. In Oregon, a vehicle is given a salvage title when, due to damage, it has lost 70% or more of its value, or if it was abandoned and is worth less than $500.
Upon paying the claim, the insurer may offer to return the vehicle to the owner as an insurance buy-back, in which case the owner is responsible for having the repairs made and having the car inspected by a state-designated facility. Depending on the state, this inspection may remove the salvage brand from the vehicle's title. The exact percentage of value that triggers the decision to total the vehicle is guided by applicable laws and regulations. The damage estimate is calculated at retail repair rates, which may be more than the cost of wholesale repair. Vehicles that are not bought back are auctioned as salvage to an auto recycler or a rebuilder and given a salvage title.
Resale value with a salvage title.
In the US, motorcycles and cars which carry a salvage title may not be registered and driven on public roads in most states, which affects resale value. While selling a salvage car is not against the law, the seller must disclose to the buyer that the vehicle has a salvage title. Rebranding of the title is not permitted without having an inspection to verify that they meet all safety standards. The inspection procedure may be complex, and attempts to illegally circumvent the inspections are periodically reported.
Industry standards followed by the National Automobile Dealers Association Appraisal Guides, Kelley Blue Book Market Report Official Guide, and the International Society of Automotive Appraisers devalue a motor vehicle that has a salvage title. The Kelley Blue Book automatically rates any salvage vehicle as "poor" and does not value it at all. The value of a vehicle with a salvage title is generally 65-75% lower than the vehicle's estimated value.
If the vehicle is rebuilt to a road worthy condition and has passed State inspection, the difference in price is 60-70% of "fair" KBB. These cars have "rebuild" or "rebuild salvage" annotation in the title and can be registered and operated just like a car with a clean title.
Cars that previously had "junk" title and were restored to road worthy condition get a new title and VIN after state inspection. The new VIN will not match any other VIN numbers on the vehicle doors or panels. Year of the vehicle is determined by title issue date. These are considered to be self assembled cars.
Title washing.
"Title washing" refers to transferring a vehicle's registration for the express purpose of removing a title brand. The practice is legal, and practiced by the insurance companies themselves. Title brands such as "salvage," "junk," and "rebuilt" are not standardized, and a vehicle which has such a designation may receive a clean title when registered in a different jurisdiction. Further, vehicles imported to or exported from the United States and Canada are issued a clean title, even if they have been involved in an accident. Other states have relatively lax inspection criteria to remove the salvage brand.
Crime.
In 2025, Europol announced a major crackdown of an international car-cloning network that bought wrecked cars auctioned for scrap in the United States. A scheme based on "sham companies and fake invoices" was used to conceal their histories. They were then shipped to Europe to be repaired in Lithuania and finally imported to other European Union countries by regular car dealers. The damage, on top of the security risks posed to the users of the improperly repaired vehicles, was estimated to be of unpaid VAT and custom duties.
Vehicle history reports.
Vehicle history reports sold by specialty services are intended to disclose the title history of the vehicle, including title washing. Because many US states don't submit accident information to the central National Motor Vehicle Title Information System and junkyards don't always file required paperwork for destroyed vehicles, the accuracy of these reports is not high. Consumer Reports noted that vehicle history checks would at times produce "clean" results despite the vehicles' being offered for sale as damaged on salvage-vehicle resale websites; title report provider Carfax settled a class-action lawsuit regarding the comprehensiveness of its reports in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6981226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981226" title="Junk title">
Junk title



</doc>
<doc id="6981240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981240" title="Republika (Serbian magazine)">
Republika (Serbian magazine)

Republika was a Serbian magazine, published from 1989 to 2015 in Belgrade.
The magazine was started by a group of Yugoslavian intellectuals, members of the Association for Yugoslav Democratic Initiative. The periodical has been published by the cooperative Res Publica. The first editor-in-chief was its founder Nebojša Popov until 2010, his successor was Zlatoje Martinov and one of the editorial staff members was Mirko Đorđević.

</doc>
<doc id="6981251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981251" title="Kelso's Career">
Kelso's Career



</doc>
<doc id="6981255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981255" title="Too tough to die">
Too tough to die



</doc>
<doc id="6981259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981259" title="Melide, Switzerland">
Melide, Switzerland

Melide is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The village lies very close to the mountain Monte San Salvatore and is directly on the Lake of Lugano. The Melide causeway to the east was built to make it possible to cross to Bissone and to allow a north–south highway to be built.
Melide is known for 
Swissminiatur, a museum that shows famous buildings in Switzerland presented in miniature form.
History.
Melide is first mentioned in 1034 as "Melede". It was originally ruled by Como. After ownership transferred to Milan in the first half of the 15th century, Melide was required to furnish five soldiers for the Duke of Milan. In 1482, a toll and customs station is first mentioned in Melide.
Until 1427 it was part of the parish of Lugano, followed by the parish of Carona. It became an independent parish in 1525. As the excavations of 1991-92 showed, the parish church of SS Quirico e Giulitta developed in several construction stages during the 6th and 7th Centuries. It was rebuilt in 1590 by Domenico Fontana. The S. Spirito Hospital was first mentioned in 1498 and was affiliated with Church of the S. Spirito Hospital in Rome. It was later abandoned and demolished in 1911. The Chapel of S. Croce is from 1626.
In 1555 the Swiss Confederation Tagsatzung granted Melide, Bissone and Morcote a monopoly on the sale of fish in Lugano. Fishing, together with agriculture and viticulture was the main sources of income in the village. The rest of the income for the village comes from the emigration of artisans and artists, including the Fontana and Castelli families. After the construction of the main road in 1818, a ferry opened in the settlement of La Punta the following year. The ferry helped the economic development of the village until the construction of the Melide causeway between 1844 and 1847. The long structure added a railroad line in 1874 and since the second half of the 1960s, a highway. In the 18th century lime kilns opened in the village. In the 19th century various manufacturers of tobacco, alcohol, bells, boats, soap and ink opened. The tourist industry started in the 19th century and is still a major industry in Melide. In 1959, Swissminiatur, with miniature models of Swiss towns and buildings, opened.
Geography.
Melide has an area, , of . Of this area, or 13.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 62.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 34.1% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.6% is either rivers or lakes and or 0.6% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 13.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 13.8%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 3.0% of the area while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 4.2%. Out of the forested land, 60.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.0% is used for growing crops and 13.2% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the western shore of Lake Lugano at the end of the Melide dam. It consists of the village of Melide and, since 1863, part of Capo San Martino.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure an anchor cabled or."
Demographics.
Melide has a population () of . , 32.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 9.6%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (79.5%), with German being second most common (12.1%) and Portuguese being third (1.9%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 181 speak German, 22 people speak French, 1,193 people speak Italian. The remainder (105 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.0% male and 53.0% female. The population was made up of 500 Swiss men (30.6% of the population), and 268 (16.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 604 Swiss women (37.0%), and 261 (16.0%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 10 live births to Swiss citizens and 8 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 11 deaths of Swiss citizens and 4 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population increased by 4. There were 2 Swiss men and 1 Swiss woman who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 10 non-Swiss men and 15 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 15 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 20 people. This represents a population growth rate of -0.3%.
The age distribution, , in Melide is; 150 children or 9.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 121 teenagers or 7.4% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 156 people or 9.6% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 261 people or 16.0% are between 30 and 39, 261 people or 16.0% are between 40 and 49, and 249 people or 15.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 193 people or 11.8% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 132 people or 8.1% are between 70 and 79, there are 110 people or 6.7% who are over 80.
, there were 740 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2. persons per household. there were 169 single family homes (or 47.7% of the total) out of a total of 354 inhabited buildings. There were 69 two family buildings (19.5%) and 79 multi-family buildings (22.3%). There were also 37 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 1.39%. there were 985 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 298. There were 86 single room apartments and 132 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 737 apartments (74.8% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 231 apartments (23.5%) were seasonally occupied and 17 apartments (1.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 39.04% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (17.75%), the CVP (15.78%) and the Ticino League (11.82%). In the federal election, a total of 463 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 51.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 904 registered voters in Melide, of which 566 or 62.6% voted. 7 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 558 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 184 or 33.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 112 or 20.1%), the SSI (with 73 or 13.1%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 65 or 11.6%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 3 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 561 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 182 or 32.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 118 or 21.0%), the LEGA (with 106 or 18.9%) and the SSI (with 66 or 11.8%).
Economy.
, Melide had an unemployment rate of 4.06%. , there was 1 person employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. 109 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 10 businesses in this sector. 397 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 75 businesses in this sector. There were 780 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 46.9% of the workforce.
, there were 417 workers who commuted into the municipality and 561 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.3 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 23.0% of the workforce coming into Melide are coming from outside Switzerland, while 3.4% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 14.2% used public transportation to get to work, and 56.7% used a private car.
, there were 4 hotels in Melide with a total of 71 rooms and 145 beds.
Religion.
From the , 1,167 or 77.7% were Roman Catholic, while 145 or 9.7% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 152 individuals (or about 10.13% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 37 individuals (or about 2.47% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Melide about 72.2% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Melide there were a total of 220 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Melide there were 47 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 66 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 45 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 20 students were in the four-year advanced program. 
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 15 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 19 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 6 students in the professional program.
, there were 24 students in Melide who came from another municipality, while 151 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Melide is served by the Melide station, which is on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6981263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981263" title="Kamameshi">
Kamameshi

Kamameshi ( "kettle rice") is a Japanese rice dish traditionally cooked in an iron pot called a "kama". Many varieties exist, but most consist of rice seasoned with soy sauce or mirin, and cooked with meats and vegetables. In modern times, it is often considered a type of "takikomi gohan" (mixed rice dish).
History.
Kamameshi originally referred to rice that was eaten communally from the kama. Coworkers or family members either ate directly from the kama pot or by transferring the rice to individual bowls. The term emerged in the late Meiji period, and is associated with the communal eating of rice in the aftermath of the 1923 Great Kantō earthquake.
Later, similar to "takikomi gohan", kamameshi came to refer to a type of Japanese pilaf cooked with various types of meat, seafood, and vegetables and flavored with soy sauce, sake, or mirin. By cooking the rice and various ingredients in an iron pot, the rice gets slightly burned at the bottom which adds a desirable flavor to the rice. "Kama" designed specifically to prepare kamameshi appeared on the market as the dish became popular across Japan, and the prepared kamameshi is placed directly on the table in its pot for the meal.
Ekiben.
Kamameshi is sometimes served in "ekiben", or bento boxes purchased at train stations. A small-scale replica of the "kama" is used to create an individual serving of kamameshi. A well known example is "tōge no kamameshi", sold at Karuizawa Station in Nagano Prefecture, using a Mashiko ware kettle.
Similar dishes.
Many East Asian cuisines also prepare rice in a similar way using a clay pot or stone bowl. In China it is known as "guō fàn" () or, in Cantonese "bo zai fan" (煲仔飯), and in Korea "dolsot bibimbap" (돌솥 비빔밥)

</doc>
<doc id="6981268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981268" title="Bernard Ashley (author)">
Bernard Ashley (author)

Bernard John Ashley (born April 1935) is a British author of books for children and young adults. His debut novel, "The Trouble with Donovan Croft", published in 1974, won "The Other Award", an alternative to the Carnegie Medal. "A Kind of Wild Justice" (1978), "Running Scared" (1986), and "Little Soldier" (1999) were commended runners up for the Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book. The first two have been reissued by OUP in their Children's Modern Classics series, the third re-issued in a 15th anniversary edition. Ashley's TV drama "Dodgem" (based on his own novel) won the Royal Television Society Award for Best Entertainment programme (BBC) in 1993.
Biography.
Born in Woolwich, south London, Ashley trained as a teacher at Trent Park College of Education after his National Service in the RAF. His teaching career included thirty years as headteacher, his most recent schools being in south and east London, experience which gave the setting for many of his stories. He has recently been awarded an honorary Doctorate in Education by the University of Greenwich and an honorary Doctorate in Letters by the University of Leicester.
In the early sixties, Ashley completed an account of the lifeboat service for children, "The Men and the Boats", first in the Serving Our Society series published by Allman &amp; Son. Another in the SOS series was his "Weather Men" (1971), about the meteorological service.
He is now working full-time as a writer. His children's books present a gritty realism that children identify with, which provides a context for empathy and compassion for the underdog, and a desire for decency, justice and morality. They are often set in urban environments plagued by poverty and crime. Some are set in wartime, including his 24th full-length novel for young people, "Shadow of the Zeppelin" (2014), and his 25th, "Dead End Kids" (2015). His latest novel is "Does She Dare?' (Troika 2017) set in 1911 featuring a young feminist hero.

</doc>
<doc id="6981271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981271" title="Meat hook (disambiguation)">
Meat hook (disambiguation)

A meat hook is a two-sided hook normally used in butcheries to hang up meat or the carcasses of animals such as pigs and cattle.
Meat hook may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6981273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981273" title="1 WTC">
1 WTC



</doc>
<doc id="6981274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981274" title="2003 Tokyo gubernatorial election">
2003 Tokyo gubernatorial election

The 2003 Tokyo Gubernatorial elections were held on 13 April 2003. Incumbent governor Shintaro Ishihara was re-elected with the support of the Liberal Democratic Party, which was riding a nationwide wave of popularity under Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. Opposition parties had billed the election as a referendum regarding Japanese support for the Iraq War. Although endorsed by the LDP, Ishihara's landslide victory was partly owed to the popularity of policies he enacted in opposition to the national government, such as stricter pollution controls.

</doc>
<doc id="6981275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981275" title="Gavi Gangadhareshwara Temple">
Gavi Gangadhareshwara Temple

Gavi Gangadhareshwara Temple, or Sri Gangaadhareshwara, also Gavipuram Cave Temple, an example of Indian rock-cut architecture, is located in Bengaluru in the state of Karnataka in India. The temple is famous for its mysterious stone discs in the forecourt and the exact planning allowing the sun to shine on the shrine during certain time of the year. It was built in the 16th century by Kempe Gowda I, the founder of the city.
Temple history.
This cave temple dedicated to Shiva. It is believed to have been built by Gautama Maharishi and Bharadwaja Muni in the Vedic period. It was later renovated in the 16th century CE by Kempe Gowda, the founder of Bengaluru. 
One of the oldest temples in Bengaluru, Gavi Gangadhareshwara temple was built by Kempe Gowda in recognition after being released from a prison term of five years by Rama Raya. The temple Gavi is an architectural marvel that attracts the faithful by the hordes.
Temple architecture.
Built in a natural cave in Gavipuram, the temple is dedicated to Lord Shiva and cut into a monolithic stone. The courtyard of the temple contains several monolithic sculptures. The main attractions of Gavi Gangadhareshvara temple are two granite pillars that support the giant disk of the sun and moon, and two pillars having several carvings of Nandi in a sitting posture at the top. The temple is also known for its four monolithic pillars, representing Damaru, Trishul and two large circular discs on the patio.
Two paintings dated 1 May 1792 CE by Thomas and William Daniell brothers shows that the temple has gone through some construction work with new walls and enclosures.
Deities inside the Temple.
The temple complex has numerous shrines for various detities in addition to the main deity Gavi Gangadhareswara.
Special aspects of the Temple.
Curative effects.
The idol of Agnimurthi inside the temple has two heads, seven hands and three legs. It is believed that worship of the deity would cure defects of the eye. 
Illumination of sanctum by the Sun.
On the occasion of Makar Sankranti, the temple witnesses a unique phenomenon in the evening where sunlight passes through an arc between the horns of Nandi and falls directly on the linga inside the cave and illuminating the interior idol for an hour. Lakhs of devotees come in mid January every year on Makar sankranti day to this cave temple.
Comparison of contemporary structures and earlier drawings by Thomas Daniell and William Daniell show that earlier the temple had fewer structures and the Sun illuminated the shrine in summer and winter solstice. Of late, the Sun illuminates Shivalinga two times per year - from 13 to 16 January in late afternoons and from 26 November to 2 December.
Tunnel from temple.
People believe that there is a tunnel which may lead to Kashi. However, it is believed that two men named Nishant and Prem went into the tunnel and never returned.
Protected temple.
The temple shrine is a protected monument under the "Karnataka Ancient and Historical Monuments, and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act 1961".
Vintage Paintings.
The temple saw numerous colonial artists painting different scenes over the years.

</doc>
<doc id="6981278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981278" title="Alien's passport">
Alien's passport



</doc>
<doc id="6981280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981280" title="La Cantante Scalza – Canta In Italiano">
La Cantante Scalza – Canta In Italiano

La cantante scalza - Sandie Shaw canta in italiano is an album by the British singer Sandie Shaw, and features a compilation of her hits recorded in the Italian language. It was released by EMI in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="6981281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981281" title="Oasis Hotel">
Oasis Hotel



</doc>
<doc id="6981282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981282" title="Wally the Weiner Dog">
Wally the Weiner Dog



</doc>
<doc id="6981285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981285" title="Second Wind">
Second Wind

Second Wind may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6981287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981287" title="International Press Service">
International Press Service



</doc>
<doc id="6981290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981290" title="Canary Wharf, London">
Canary Wharf, London



</doc>
<doc id="6981292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981292" title="Andrew Wojtanik">
Andrew Wojtanik

Andrew Wojtanik is an American author, political scientist, and past winner of the National Geographic Bee, a geography competition for fourth- through eight-grade students. His book, "The National Geographic Bee Ultimate Fact Book: Countries A to Z", was based on the "monstrous packet" of study notes he compiled to win the Bee at age 14. He currently researches and writes about elite politics and regime decision-making in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Background.
Wojtanik grew up in Overland Park, Kansas, where he attended Lakewood Middle School. At age 14, he won the 2004 National Geographic Bee hosted by Alex Trebek, earning a $25,000 college scholarship. At the time, he attributed his success to a 432-page almanac he had compiled for himself. He went on to win the National Geographic World Championship in 2005, as part of a team of three teenagers representing the United States at the competition in Hungary.
Following his win, Wojtanik worked with "National Geographic" staff to turn his notes into a study guide for other children preparing for the Bee. The result was "Afghanistan to Zimbabwe: Country Facts That Helped Me Win the National Geographic Bee", published in paperback in 2005. His second book, "The National Geographic Bee Ultimate Fact Book: Countries A to Z," was published in hardcover in 2012.
Wojtanik went on completed a bachelor of science degree in international politics at the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service in 2012. He worked as a researcher at the Harvard Kennedy School. As of 2024, he is a PhD candidate in political science at the University of California at Berkeley, studying politics in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Reception.
"Library Media Connection" called "The National Bee Ultimate Fact Book" "a handy book to have around for basic facts", particularly for social studies teachers, and "a good resource for daily trivia questions or area reviews". "School Library Journal" rated the 2012 edition as a purchase librarians would not regret, noting that it includes fast facts, maps for visual context, and information on current world politics for 195 countries. A review in "Voice of Youth Advocates" said that "The data has been chosen and displayed in the most convenient format to study for the National Geographic Bee, in which over five million students participate, but it also serves as an excellent reference for all kinds of geographic questions."

</doc>
<doc id="6981295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981295" title="Massachusetts Route 112">
Massachusetts Route 112

Route 112 is a rural state highway through western Franklin and Hampshire Counties. It begins at U.S. Route 20 (US 20) in Huntington and ends at the Vermont state line in Colrain, where it continues as Vermont Route 112.
Route description.
Route 112 begins in Huntington at U.S. Route 20, near the junction of the branches of the Westfield River. It heads north from the downtown area, immediately crossing the West Branch and closely following the Middle Branch until it and the North Branch split, at which point it continues to follow the North Branch. In the village of Knightville, Route 112 meets the western end of Route 66, which leads to Northampton. The route continues northward through town, passing the Knightville State Wildlife Management Area and the Hiram H. Fox State Wildlife Management Area before entering the town of Worthington.
In Worthington, Route 112 heads through the center of town until it meets Route 143 for a mile-long concurrency, splitting to the north and heading to Cummington. In Cummington, Route 112 turns eastward abruptly at Five Corners before meeting Route 9 near the North Branch once again. The two routes pass concurrently along the river through the center of town before heading into Goshen, finally splitting near the Lower Highland Lake, where Route 112 turns northwards towards Ashfield. In Ashfield, Route 116 shares the route for over a mile before that route turns eastward towards the town center.
Route 112 continues northward into the town of Buckland. The route bends to the northeast before looping over and meeting Route 2 (the Mohawk Trail) in the village of Shelburne Falls. The route passes concurrently with Route 2 over the Deerfield River into the town of Shelburne. In Shelburne, Route 112 splits from Route 2, turning around Mechanic and Hope Streets onto Main Street, where it turns northward and crosses under Route 2 once again. From there, Route 112 follows the North River into the town of Colrain. The route runs along the river's side, crossing it in the village of Griswoldville and again in the center of the town and in the far northern end of town, before meeting the Vermont town line and continuing into Halifax as Vermont Route 112.
History.
In 1930, the route between Worthington and Cummington lay to the east of the current route. Also, Route 112 departed Route 9 in the Lithia section of Cummington, traveling north to Route 116 and then following the current route from Ashfield to Shelburne. At that time, the road ended at the junction with Route 2. The route was extended to Vermont, along what was previously Route 56, in 1939, with Route 56 subsequently re-used elsewhere. The section between Worthington and Cummington was also moved to the current route during this time period. Between 1966 and 1969, an existing road between Goshen and Route 116 was upgraded to a highway and Route 112 was rerouted there.

</doc>
<doc id="6981297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981297" title="Michel Pastoureau">
Michel Pastoureau

Michel Pastoureau (born 17 June 1947) is a French professor of medieval history and an expert in Western symbology.
Biography.
Pastoureau was born in Paris on 17 June 1947. He studied at the École Nationale des Chartes, a college for prospective archivists and librarians. After writing his 1972 thesis about heraldic bestiaries in the Middle Ages, he worked in the coins, medals and antiquities department of the until 1982.
Since 1983 he has held the Chair of History of Western Symbolism ("Chaire d'histoire de la symbolique occidentale") and is a director of studies at the Sorbonne's "École pratique des hautes études". He is an academician of the "Académie internationale d'héraldique" (International Academy of Heraldry) and honorary president of the "Société française d'héraldique et de sigillographie" (French Heraldry and Sphragistic Society). When he received an honorary doctorate from the University of Lausanne in 1996, he was described as an eminent scholar who has made a radical contribution to several disciplines.
Professor Pastoureau has published widely, including work on the history of colours, animals, symbols, and the knights of the Round Table. He has also written on emblems and heraldry, as well as sigillography and numismatics.

</doc>
<doc id="6981300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981300" title="Collipark">
Collipark



</doc>
<doc id="6981301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981301" title="Rose Belker">
Rose Belker



</doc>
<doc id="6981304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981304" title="Thomas Hill (American painter)">
Thomas Hill (American painter)

Thomas Hill (September 11, 1829 – June 30, 1908) was an American artist of the 19th century. He produced many fine paintings of the Californian landscape, in particular of the Yosemite Valley, as well as the White Mountains of New Hampshire.
Biography.
Thomas Hill was born in Birmingham, England on September 11, 1829. His younger brother, Edward Hill, also became a successful landscape painter. At the age of 15, he emigrated to the United States with his family; they settled in Taunton, Massachusetts. In 1851, he married Charlotte Elizabeth Hawkes; they had nine children (one of them, Anne Mary "Nancy" Hill, mothered the painter Norman Rockwell).
At the age of 24, Hill attended evening classes at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts (PAFA) and studied under American painter Peter Frederick Rothermel (1812–1895). During his years as a student, Hill traveled to the White Mountains in New Hampshire as early as 1854 and sketched alongside members of the Hudson River School, such as Benjamin Champney. In 1856, Hill and his family moved to San Francisco, California.
With painter Virgil Williams and photographer Carleton Watkins, Hill made his first trip to the Yosemite Valley in 1865. The next year, Hill traveled to the East Coast and Europe. He established his family on the East Coast but continued to take sketching trips to the West Coast and to attend meetings of the San Francisco Art Association. He moved his family back to San Francisco in 1873.
Hill made yearly sketching trips to Yosemite, Mount Shasta, and, back east, to the White Mountains. Hill ran an art gallery and art supply store. He briefly acted as the interim director for the SFAA School of Design and went to Alaska on a commission for environmentalist John Muir. He lived on his stock market investments as well as his art proceeds. His marriage ended in the 1880s.
Toward the end of his life, he maintained a studio at Yosemite’s Wawona Hotel. After suffering a stroke, Hill left Yosemite and traveled up and down the California coast, including stops in Coronado, San Diego and Santa Barbara.
On June 30, 1908, Hill died in Raymond, California. He is buried at Mountain View Cemetery in Oakland, California.
Work.
Hill’s work was often driven by a vision resulting from his experiences with nature. For Thomas Hill, Yosemite Valley and the White Mountains of New Hampshire were his sources of inspiration to begin painting and captured his direct response to nature.
Thomas Hill was loosely associated with the Hudson River School of painters. The Hudson River School celebrated nature with a sense of awe for its natural resources, which brought them a feeling of enthusiasm when thinking of the potential it held. Mainly the earlier members of the Hudson River School, around the 1850-60’s, displayed man as in unison with nature in their landscape paintings by often painting men on a very small scale compared to the vast landscape. Thomas Hill often brought this technique into his own paintings in for example in his painting, Yosemite Valley 1889.
He made early trips to the White Mountains with his friend Benjamin Champney and painted White Mountain subjects throughout his career. An example of his White Mountain subjects is "Mount Lafayette in Winter". Hill acquired the technique of painting "en plein air". These paintings in the field later served as the basis for larger finished works.
In plein air means to “paint outdoors and directly from the landscape”, which Hill incorporated into many of his paintings. Hill’s landscape paintings demonstrate how he combined his powers of observation with powerful motifs in each painting.
Hill’s move to California in 1861 brought him new material for his paintings. He chose monumental vistas, like Yosemite. During his lifetime, Hill’s paintings were popular in California, costing as much as $10,000. Hill's best works are considered to be these monumental subjects, including "Great Canyon of the Sierra, Yosemite", "Vernal Falls" and "Yosemite Valley".
His 1865 "View of the Yosemite Valley" was chosen to be the backdrop of the head table at Barack Obama's inaugural luncheon, to commemorate Lincoln's 1864 signing of the Yosemite Grant. A painting has been chosen for every inaugural luncheon since 1985.
Hill's most famous and enduring work is of the driving of the "Last Spike" at Promontory Summit, UT, on May 10, 1869, to join the rails of the CPRR and UPRR. The huge 8 x 12 foot painting, which features detailed portraits of 71 individuals associated with the First transcontinental railroad, hangs at the California State Railroad Museum in Sacramento, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6981305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981305" title="Portage Island">
Portage Island

Portage Island is an island in the western part of Bellingham Bay in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. It is separated from the Lummi Peninsula by Portage Bay and from the central part of Lummi Island by Hale Passage, in Whatcom County. Portage Island has a land area of 3.803 km2 (1.468 sq mi). There was no resident population as of the 2000 census. According to the Whatcom County Assessors database, the land and the surrounding tide flats are owned by the Lummi Native American tribe. The island is wholly contained within the boundaries of the Lummi Indian Reservation.

</doc>
<doc id="6981307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981307" title="You Can't Always Not Get What You Don't Want">
You Can't Always Not Get What You Don't Want



</doc>
<doc id="6981308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981308" title="Islamic Republic of Dagestan">
Islamic Republic of Dagestan



</doc>
<doc id="6981310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981310" title="Brioschi (company)">
Brioschi (company)

Brioschi () is an Italian company founded in 1907 as Achille Brioschi &amp; C. to "produce and make commerce of chemicals, liquors and similars"; in 1914 the society was quoted on the Milan stock exchange.
The company's origins date back to 1880 when Achille Antonio Brioschi (1860–1942), who had served as an apprentice at various manufacturers of chemical-pharmaceutical products and eau de Colognes, began the small-scale production of the so-called "effervescente Brioschi": a powder which, when dissolved in water, produced a refreshing drink. It was not a medicine, nor was it marketed as one, although the idea for it derived from effervescent products based on magnesium citrate that had originated in the United Kingdom. The business grew and the product found various export markets of which the first was Brazil. Subsidiaries were established in the United States in 1894 and in the Swiss Canton Ticino in 1897. In 1907 the business was transformed into the company Achille Brioschi &amp; C. The popular analgesic "cachet Brioschi", based on the "kalmine" of Paul Métadier of Tours, was introduced in 1911; other product lines included Lysoform-based disinfectants, the "Johann Maria Farina" eau de Cologne, and anti-malarial drugs. In 1914 the company was quoted on the Milan stock exchange.
The company's signature product was an effervescent antacid using sodium bicarbonate as its active agents sold in a blue bottle.
An offshoot, the American company Brioschi Pharmaceuticals, LLC, continued to market the effervescent antacid in the United States but the business failed and was acquired by another company called Brioschi Pharmaceuticals International, LLC in 2010. The new owners moved the headquarters and factory from Fair Lawn, New Jersey to Syracuse, New York in 2011 in an attempt to restart the business, but filed involuntary bankruptcy in October, 2013.
The narrator of Umberto Eco's novel "The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana" describes the use of "Effervescente Brioschi"—two distinct powders are used—to transform ordinary tap water into a home-made mineral water which reminds him of Vichy water.

</doc>
<doc id="6981315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981315" title="Cardinal bishop">
Cardinal bishop



</doc>
<doc id="6981324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981324" title="Mezzovico-Vira">
Mezzovico-Vira

Mezzovico-Vira is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
A recently discovered stele with inscriptions in northern Etruscan suggests that the area around Mezzovico-Vira was already settled in the pre-Roman era. An archaeological investigation under the parish church of S. Abbondio in 1990, discovered Roman urn graves. The church developed from a small wooden church in the 6th century to the current baroque building.
In the Early Middle Ages it was a "curtis", consisting of the villa (Vira), the vicus in the middle (Mezzovico) and the settlement of Sigirino. In the Middle Ages it belonged to the valley community of Carvina, which included the villages of the upper north end of Vedeggio. The modern municipality of Mezzovico-Vira is first mentioned in 1335 as "Medio Vico" and "Vira".
The political and religious center of the valley was Bironico. Mezzovico and Vira were always one municipality, but separated religiously when the Church of San Antonio in Vira became a parish church in 1838. The parish church of Mezzovico, S. Mamete goes back to a Roman era building which was expanded in the 12th, 15th and 16th centuries.
Traditional agriculture in the village was based mainly on the use of mountain pastures. In the last decades of the 20th century; the motorway, the main road and the railway along with a number of buildings for industry and commerce were built in along the valley floor. This development is due to the growth of the agglomeration of Lugano, which spread into the Vedeggio valley, as well as the proximity to the motorway and the Swiss Federal Railways station at Rivera.
Geography.
Mezzovico-Vira has an area, , of . Of this area, or 5.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 65.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 8.3% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.3% is either rivers or lakes and or 14.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 2.8% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 2.3% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.9%. Out of the forested land, 53.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.1% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 3.2% is used for growing crops and 2.3% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 12.5% is unproductive vegetation and 1.6% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district. It consists of two settlements along the old road to Monte Ceneri.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per pale argent a hemp plant vert fruited(?) or and azure a crozieror issuant from base behind an escutcheon argent a cross gules." The hemp () refers to the family Canepa, while the cross and shield are from the bishop Enrico Silvio (1556–1612).
Demographics.
Mezzovico-Vira has a population () of . , 12.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 19%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (87.0%), with German being second most common (7.8%) and French being third (1.9%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 73 speak German, 18 people speak French, 816 people speak Italian. The remainder (31 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.8% male and 51.2% female. The population was made up of 498 Swiss men (43.0% of the population), and 68 (5.9%) non-Swiss men. There were 527 Swiss women (45.5%), and 66 (5.7%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 9 live births to Swiss citizens and were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 5 while the foreign population remained the same. There were 2 Swiss men and 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there was 1 non-Swiss man who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 18 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 2 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.8%.
The age distribution, , in Mezzovico-Vira is; 133 children or 11.5% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 128 teenagers or 11.0% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 104 people or 9.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 174 people or 15.0% are between 30 and 39, 230 people or 19.8% are between 40 and 49, and 143 people or 12.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 107 people or 9.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 83 people or 7.2% are between 70 and 79, there are 57 people or 4.9% who are over 80.
, there were 367 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 317 single family homes (or 81.7% of the total) out of a total of 388 inhabited buildings. There were 53 two family buildings (13.7%) and 2 multi-family buildings (0.5%). There were also 16 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.57%. there were 466 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 142. There were 31 single room apartments and 137 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 365 apartments (78.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 95 apartments (20.4%) were seasonally occupied and 6 apartments (1.3%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 4.6 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Church of S. Mamete and Oratory of S. Ambrogio are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 37.64% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Ticino League (18.48%), the FDP (18.39%) and the SP (12.91%). In the federal election, a total of 419 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 57.0%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 733 registered voters in Mezzovico-Vira, of which 551 or 75.2% voted. 9 blank ballots were cast, leaving 542 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 166 or 30.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 105 or 19.4%), the LEGA (with 99 or 18.3%) and the PLRT (with 97 or 17.9%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 7 blank ballots were cast, leaving 544 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 148 or 27.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 140 or 25.7%), the PLRT (with 92 or 16.9%) and the SSI (with 81 or 14.9%).
Economy.
, Mezzovico-Vira had an unemployment rate of 3.48%. , there were 23 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 6 businesses involved in this sector. 1,508 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 39 businesses in this sector. 390 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 61 businesses in this sector. There were 441 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 38.3% of the workforce.
, there were 1,934 workers who commuted into the municipality and 304 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 6.4 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 26.0% of the workforce coming into Mezzovico-Vira are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.3% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 9.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 68.5% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 800 or 85.3% were Roman Catholic, while 64 or 6.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 51 individuals (or about 5.44% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 23 individuals (or about 2.45% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Mezzovico-Vira about 74.7% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Mezzovico-Vira there were a total of 225 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Mezzovico-Vira there were 42 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 76 students attended the standard primary schools and 4 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 54 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 13 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 10 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 23 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 2 students in Mezzovico-Vira who came from another municipality, while 72 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Mezzovico-Vira is served by the Mezzovico station, on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6981329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981329" title="Henley Avenue">
Henley Avenue



</doc>
<doc id="6981333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981333" title="Kerelaw House">
Kerelaw House

Kerelaw House was part of the former Kerelaw Estate situated on the west coast of Ayrshire, Scotland, in the town of Stevenston.
History.
The house was built in the neo-Palladian style in 1787 by Lieut.-Col. Alexander Hamilton (a relative of one of the Founding Fathers of the United States of the same name). Hamilton died in 1837 without issue and left considerable debts. Gavin Fullarton, Esq., a retired West Indies merchant, in 1838 along with the rest of the Kerelaw Estate including Kerelaw Castle. The Fullarton family were a cadet branch of the ancient family of the Fullartons of Kirkmichael, in Arran, who held their charter from the days of Robert the Bruce. The family were hereditary Crowners (Coroners) in the island of Arran. Their family motto was "Lux in tenebris.", "The light shineth in darkness."
In 1919 the house was bought by James Campbell, WS. Campbell and his family (including his son Kenneth Campbell VC) were the last family to live at Kerelaw; in 1969 the house was bought by Glasgow Corporation Education Department and Kerelaw Residential School was opened in its grounds in 1970. The house was intended to be used as offices for the school, but was instead demolished.
Description.
Built in the Adam style, Kerelaw House was a tall, three-storey ashlar building of five bays with a wide, slightly projecting central bay; its Doric entrance porch has above it the typical Adam feature of a Serlian window set within a lightly recessed blind arch. A long driveway leads up to the house from the nearby road, and is still in existence, having latterly been used as an entrance to Kerelaw Residential School. There is, however, no other trace of the house.
Davis refers to this property as an "exceptionally attractive and delightful little mansion", built around 1720 for Robert Baillie, father of Lesley Baillie, Burns's 'Bonnie Lesley'. The property became part of the Kerelaw Estate until sold by Mr James Campbell in 1914.
This small 18th-century dwelling was probably a dower house for Kerelaw House.

</doc>
<doc id="6981336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981336" title="Miglieglia">
Miglieglia

Miglieglia (; ) is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 6 April 2025, the former municipalities of Astano, Bedigliora, Curio, Miglieglia and Novaggio merged to form the new municipality of Lema.
History.
Numerous, but inconclusive archaeological findings indicate that there may have been a Roman era settlement near the current municipality. On a promontory overlooking the river Magliasina are the ruins known as "Castello di Miglieglia". These ruins were interpreted as remnants of an extensive fortification from the late Classical period. Although is in not confirmed archaeologically, it is likely that the ruins are the remains of a fortified refuge, which was destroyed by the Milanese in 1156 during the conquest of the Diocese of Como.
Miglieglia is first mentioned in 1214 as "Mullielia". In the Late Middle Ages, Miglieglia, Iseo, Cimo and Aranno formed the "Concilium" (neighborhood) of S. Maria Giovena. In 1478 the village was destroyed in a fire.
On a hill above the village rises the romanesque-style church of S. Stefano. Probably the oldest part of the church is the bell tower. During the Gothic period, the church was extended. The chancel frescoes are from 1511. The parish was formed in 1621 after the secession of Agno. The new, parish church of St. Stefan is from the 17th century.
Agriculture and livestock formerly dominated the village economy. In the 19th century it was partly depopulated because of emigration to German-speaking Switzerland, northern Italy and America. In the second half of the 19th century a mine operated for a short time. A chair lift opened in 1952 to Monte Lema () and expanded in 1997 with a cable car.
Geography.
Miglieglia has an area, , of . Of this area, or 3.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 76.2% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 2.1% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.4% is either rivers or lakes and or 9.9% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.4%. Out of the forested land, 68.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.9% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.5% is used for growing crops and 1.4% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 9.7% is unproductive vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on a terrace in the upper Malcantone valley at the foot of Monte Lema. It consists of the village of Miglieglia and the abandoned village of Tortoglio (first mentioned in 1335 as "Tortolio"), that was abandoned in the 16th century after an epidemic. The division of Tortoglio's land led to a long running fight with Breno that was not resolved until 1890.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules an oak tree eradicated vert acorned or between a chestnut and a walnut both or." All the symbols (oak, chestnut, walnut) refer to the typical vegetation of the area.
Demographics.
Miglieglia has a population () of . , 10.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 12.3%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (80.5%), with German being second most common (10.2%) and French being third (4.2%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 22 speak German, 9 people speak French, 173 people speak Italian. The remainder (11 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.1% male and 50.9% female. The population was made up of 117 Swiss men (42.9% of the population), and 17 (6.2%) non-Swiss men. There were 129 Swiss women (47.3%), and 10 (3.7%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 6 live births to Swiss citizens and were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 2 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss man and 4 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there . The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 10 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 5 people. This represents a population growth rate of -5.3%.
The age distribution, , in Miglieglia is; 39 children or 14.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 19 teenagers or 7.0% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 16 people or 5.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 46 people or 16.8% are between 30 and 39, 52 people or 19.0% are between 40 and 49, and 32 people or 11.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 31 people or 11.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 30 people or 11.0% are between 70 and 79, there are 8 people or 2.9% who are over 80.
, there were 100 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 105 single family homes (or 83.3% of the total) out of a total of 126 inhabited buildings. There were 14 two family buildings (11.1%) and 2 multi-family buildings (1.6%). There were also 5 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 141 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 39. There were 10 single room apartments and 39 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 100 apartments (70.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 38 apartments (27.0%) were seasonally occupied and 3 apartments (2.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Church of S. Stefano Al Colle with ossuary is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SP which received 35.03% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Ticino League (17.6%), the FDP (15.79%) and the SVP (11.84%). In the federal election, a total of 77 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 40.1%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 195 registered voters in Miglieglia, of which 122 or 62.6% voted. 3 blank ballots were cast, leaving 119 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 40 or 33.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 21 or 17.6%), the SSI (with 19 or 16.0%) and the LEGA (with 17 or 14.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 119 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 37 or 31.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 25 or 21.0%), the PLRT (with 20 or 16.8%) and the PLRT (with 20 or 16.8%).
Economy.
, Miglieglia had an unemployment rate of 3.66%. , there were 9 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. 2 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 2 businesses in this sector. 20 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 6 businesses in this sector. There were 91 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.7% of the workforce.
, there were 22 workers who commuted into the municipality and 66 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.0 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 22.7% of the workforce coming into Miglieglia are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 14.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 62.6% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Miglieglia.
Religion.
From the , 145 or 67.4% were Roman Catholic, while 17 or 7.9% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 42 individuals (or about 19.53% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 11 individuals (or about 5.12% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Miglieglia about 69.5% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Miglieglia there were a total of 39 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Miglieglia there were 12 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 11 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 8 students in the two-year middle school, while 1 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 3 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 3 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 25 students from Miglieglia who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6981340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981340" title="Triple X Tango">
Triple X Tango



</doc>
<doc id="6981342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981342" title="History of Curaçao">
History of Curaçao

The history of Curaçao starts with settlement by the Arawaks, an Amerindian people coming from the South American mainland. They are believed to have inhabited the island for many hundreds of years before the arrival of Europeans.
Pre-colonial history.
The earliest trace of human habitation on Curaçao can be found in Rooi Rincon. It consists in a natural overhang in the rocks used by preceramic residents. The remains that have been found consist of waste heaps of shell, animal bone material and stone. The objects are made of stone and shell, which can be used for different purposes. There are also rock paintings here. The dating of these oldest remains of Curaçao is between about 2900 and 2300 BCE. Similar remains and human graves are known from Sint Michielsberg, c. 2000 to 1600 BCE. However, a recent study on charcoal material at the site of Saliña Sint Marie points towards human activity taking place as early as c. 3700 BCE.
Remains of pottery from the ceramic period have been found at, among others, Knip and San Juan. The dates are between ca. 450 and 1500 CE. The material belongs to the Dabajuroid culture, specifically the Caquetio people, who came from nearby northwestern Venezuela. On the basis of their language, these Indigenous inhabitants are categorized as Arawaks. The Caquetíos lived in small settlements with up to about 40 inhabitants. The villages were often located near inland bays, mainly on the south coast. The later Caquetíos lived from small-scale cultivation of cassava, fishing, collecting shellfish, and hunting small game. In addition, they traded with fellow natives from other islands and from the mainland. Residences have been found at, among others, Knip and Santa Barbara.
Scientific investigation of the first inhabitants of the Netherlands Antilles started in the 19th century, notably with amateur A.J. van Koolwijk who made the first field explorations. He also made an inventory of the petroglyphs on the island. Since then, many have dealt with the earliest inhabitants of Curaçao.
European colonization.
Spanish period.
Spaniard Alonso de Ojeda became the first European to visit Curaçao on 26 July 1499. At that time about 2,000 Caquetios lived on the island. By 1515 almost all Caquetios were enslaved and taken away to Hispaniola. The Spanish settled on the island in 1527 and governed it from one of the Spanish-Venezuelan cities. The Spanish imported many non-native animals and plants to Curaçao. Horses, sheep, goats, pigs, and cattle were introduced from Europe or other Spanish colonies. Various non-native trees and plants were also planted by the Spaniards.
That was often a matter of trial and error. The Spanish did learn to use crops and farming methods of the Caquetio. Parallels on other Caribbean islands are known from sources. Not all imported species were equally successful. Herding went well in general; the Spanish released cattle in the "kunuku" (fields) and on the savannas. The cattle were herded by Caquetio and Spanish herders. Sheep, goats and cattle did relatively well. According to historical sources, there were thousands on the island. On the other hand, agriculture was not nearly as successful. Because the yields of Curaçao agriculture were disappointing, the salt pans did not have a high yield and no precious metals could be found, the Spaniards called the island an "isla inutil", a useless island.
After a while, the number of Spaniards living on Curaçao declined. By contrast, the number of Native residents stabilized. Presumably there was even population increase of the Caquetio due to natural growth, return and colonization. In the last decades of Spanish occupation, Curaçao was used as a large livestock ranch. A few Spaniards lived around Santa Barbara, Santa Ana, and in villages on the western part of the island. Caquetio lived all over the island.
Takeover by the Dutch West India Company.
The Netherlands effectively separated from Spain in 1581 and the Dutch West India Company (WIC) was chartered in 1621. In 1633, the WIC lost its base in the Antilles when a Spanish fleet destroyed its settlement on Sint Maarten. The WIC took interest in Curaçao as a new base for trade and privateering, using its excellent natural harbor, and for salt production (to preserve fish, notably herring). Good salt pans could be found both on the coast of Venezuela and on Bonaire. Also, on Curaçao itself was blackwood, a raw material for natural paint, cattle, lime and fuel.
The fleet WIC under Admiral Johann van Walbeeck invaded the island in 1634 and the Spaniards on the island surrendered in San Juan in August. The approximately thirty Spaniards and a large part of the Taíno were deported to Santa Ana de Coro in Venezuela. About thirty Taíno families were allowed to live on the island.
After the conquest, Van Walbeeck ordered the construction of the fort Amsterdam at the mouth of the Sint Anna Bay. Dutch soldiers and slaves from Angola built the fort, which became the headquarters of the WIC from the outset. The WIC consolidated its claims by building other fortifications. Because drinking water was vital, in 1634-35 a fort was built near the water source on the northeast side of Sint Anna Bay. This fort consisted of earthen walls with a palisade and several pieces of artillery. In 1635-36 the construction of Fort Amsterdam was started on Punda, on the east side of the channel. The first building phase was built under the guidance of Admiral van Walbeeck in the form of a five-pointed star and consisted of a core of earth and coral. Against this a shell was built of clay-masoned coral. Later this shell was built from masonry.
In the first three years, the living conditions for the WIC troops were poor. For food and building materials, people were largely dependent on imports from Europe. The supply was very irregular, and more than half a year could pass without supply. As a result, a lot of stray cattle were caught and slaughtered. Other food was rationed. Water had to be brought to the Punda from the source. Soldiers and superiors slept in tents. Some of the soldiers were dissatisfied due to harsh housing conditions, poor food supplies and hard work, but mainly due to monotony and boredom. There seemed to be mutiny, but this was averted by raising the rations and offering liquor. Van Walbeek wrote to the Nineteen Gentlemen of the WIC, in which he recommended to raise salaries and rations, because the soldiers had not been hired to build fortifications.
The town of Willemstad started to grow out of Fort Amsterdam.
Dutch consolidation.
The Spaniards schemed to recapture Curaçao from the Dutch. Information about troops, fortifications, outposts, food supplies and ammunition was collected in three ways. Indians who lived in Curaçao were kidnapped and interrogated. WIC personnel who came to fetch salt on the coast of Venezuela were captured and interrogated. Finally, Spaniards sent spies to Curaçao. The Spaniards attempted an invasion in 1637 with a number of ships and enough troops to overcome the WIC garrison. A storm forced them to turn away and they never reached Curaçao.
The Nineteen Gentlemen of the WIC in Amsterdam were divided over the future of Curaçao. The fortifications and men had cost a lot of money and the revenues were meager. Nevertheless, Curaçao was developed, presumably more a consequence of indecision than of a reasoned decision. Over time, Curaçao proved its value for the WIC. After the loss of Dutch Brazil in 1654, Curaçao became increasingly important. The favorable geographical position made it possible to trade with Europe, Venezuela, and other Caribbean islands. They also maintained contacts with Dutch colonies in North America, including New Netherland.
Peter Stuyvesant became acting governor in 1642, and held the position until 1644.
The Curaçao population grew steadily, partly due to the arrival of Sephardic Jews from former Dutch Brazil. The WIC also opened Curaçao for farming by new settlers from Europe. Even soldiers who had finished their time were welcome to stay. Naturally, the goal was to produce enough food for the Curaçao population. In addition, the WIC also wanted farmers to grow commercial crops. These included indigo, cotton, tobacco, Turkish wheat or sorgo and sugar cane. The first plantations were built from around 1650. They include locations in Hato, Savonet, St. Barbara, Santa Maria, Groot Piscadera, Groot and Klein Sint Joris, and San Juan. Some of the plantations remained in possession of the WIC. This led to a massive influx of slaves.
Jews.
The Sephardic Jews who arrived from the Netherlands and then-Dutch Brazil since the 17th century have had a significant influence on the culture and economy of the island. Curaçao is home to the oldest active Jewish congregation in the Americas, dating to 1651. The Jewish Community of Curaçao also played a key role in supporting early Jewish congregations in New Amsterdam (present-day New York City), Cayenne and Coro in the 18th and 19th centuries. In the years before and after World War II there was an influx of Ashkenazi Jews from Eastern Europe, many of whom were Romanian Jews.
Slave trading and free port.
For much of the 17th and 18th centuries, the primary business of the island was the slave trade. Enslaved people arrived often from Africa and were bought and sold on the docks in Willemstad before continuing on to their ultimate destination. Between 1662 and 1669, Domingo Grillo and Ambrosio Lomelín shipped 24,000 enslaved people, assisted by the Dutch West India Company and the Royal African Company from Jamaica.
The WIC supplied enslaved people at very competitive prices and thus drove most English, French and Portuguese traders out of the market. Enslaved people were bought by traders and then shipped to various destinations in Central America and South America. A relatively small proportion of the arriving Africans stayed on Curaçao.
The enslaved people that remained on the island were responsible for working the plantations established earlier. This influx of inexpensive manpower made the labor-intensive agricultural sector far more profitable and between the Netherlands and China the trading done on the docks and the work being done in the fields, the economic profile of Curaçao began to climb, this time built on the backs of the enslaved people.
The WIC made Curaçao a free port in 1674, giving it a key position in international trade networks. Partly because of this, it became one of the most prosperous islands in the Caribbean in the 17th century. This strained relations with other powers, especially England and France. As a result, in 1713 Curaçao was briefly besieged by the French captain Jacques Cassard, who finally allowed himself to be bought off. The siege had caused harm to the inhabitants of the island. Extensively specified lists of the damage suffered have been preserved in the OAC in the National Archives of The Hague. In 1716 a small slave revolt broke out, but the insurgents were arrested. Ten rebels, including Maria, were sentenced to death.
In the 18th century Curaçao tried to consolidate its trading position. However, trade in Venezuela and other Spanish colonies was prevented by the Spanish Coast Guard. The latter was specifically appointed to stop the illegal trade from Venezuela in tobacco and cocoa. The English and French became stronger and stronger in the Caribbean. These factors contributed to Curaçao's relative decline in importance. It was also important that Curaçao was not suitable for the large-scale cultivation of sugar cane, cotton, tobacco or other tropical plantation crops. Attempts to do so were halted at the end of the 17th and beginning of the 18th century. Curaçao's agriculture focused on providing food for its own population. Nevertheless, part of the food had to be imported. The slave trade remained the most important source of income for the Dutch, not least because of the competitive prices of the enslaved people.
Dutch colony.
After the bankruptcy of the WIC in 1791, Curaçao became an actual Dutch colony. The Dutch were able to suppress the slave revolt of 1795. The uprising was led by Tula, a slave who plays a central role in the history of Curaçao.
On 18 January 1795, William V, Prince of Orange fled from the Netherlands, and went into exile in Great-Britain shortly before the announcement of the Batavian Republic. Governor Johannes de Veer refused to submit to the Batavian Republic, and was replaced by Jan Jacob Beaujon in August 1796. Beaujon was suspected of being an "orangist" and pro-British. The "schutterij" (militia) led by Johann Lauffer and aided by French troops from Guadeloupe committed a coup d'état, and on 1 December, Lauffer was installed as Governor of Curaçao and Dependencies.
The British captured Curaçao in 1800 and held it until 1803. They attacked again in 1804, and then held it from 1807 to 1816, after which they handed it back to the Dutch under the terms of the Treaty of Paris.
Curaçao's proximity to Venezuela resulted in interaction with cultures of the coastal areas. For instance, architectural similarities can be seen between the 19th-century parts of Willemstad and the nearby Venezuelan city of Coro in Falcón State. In the 19th century, Curaçaoans such as Manuel Piar and Luis Brión were prominently engaged in the wars of independence of Venezuela and Colombia. Political refugees from the mainland (such as Simon Bolivar) regrouped in Curaçao. Children from affluent Venezuelan families were educated on the island.. By 1823 a severe economic depression aggravated by a smallpox epidemic that broke out in 1827 led a significant number of Jews to leave the island and move to Venezuela and Colombia.
In order to reduce the administrative costs, the West Indies colonies were reduced in 1828 to one colony with a Governor-General in Paramaribo. In 1845 they partly returned to this because the administration of the islands from Suriname did not work well. From that year on there were again two West Indian colonies: Suriname, and Curaçao and Dependencies, both the Windward and Leeward Islands.
Modern history.
The destabilization of the region produced by the Napoleonic Wars in Europe and the Imperialistic advances on the part of the British caused Cuarazo to change hands various times, beginning in the 19th century. The island was invaded by the English on two occasions, which were between 1800 and 1803, and between 1807 and 1816. Almost simultaneously, many independence movements of the Hispanic colonies of the continent occurred, with the contributions from Anglophile refugees like Simón Bólivar, and with the participation of at least two more important people, Manuel Piar, the leader of the rebels of the province of Guayana, and Luis Brión, who would become admiral of the Colombian Navy. In 1815, after the defeat of Napoleon at Waterloo, the Treaty of Paris granted legal sovereignty of the island to the Dutch
Following the example of England (1834) and France (1848), the Dutch abolished slavery in 1863, bringing a change in the economy with the shift to wage labour. The Dutch state compensated the slave owners with 200 guilders per slave for the loss of their property. Some inhabitants of Curaçao emigrated to other islands, such as Cuba, to work in sugar cane plantations. Other former slaves had nowhere to go and remained working for the plantation owner in the tenant farmer system. This was an instituted order in which the former slave leased land from his former master. In exchange the tenant promised to give up most of his harvest to the former slave master. This system lasted until the beginning of the 20th century.
Until the beginning of the twentieth century, Curaçao lived on trade, agriculture, and fishery. The economic tide turned in 1914 when large petroleum reserves were discovered in Venezuela. Shell immediately established an oil refinery on the island, Isla Refinery, near Asiento - where slaves were previously traded.
In the 1920s and early 1930s, Ashkenazi Jews from Eastern Europe immigrated to Curaçao. Though most initially had to work as peddlers, they were gradually able to get ahead and many went onto attain great prosperity. They kept their Jewish identity and formed a close-knit and isolated group. In the 1980s and 1990s the group's size diminished dramatically. Most of the first settlers died of old age and, because of political insecurity and economic decline, many Ashkenazi Jews left the island in the 1980s to settle elsewhere, especially in the United States and Israel.
On 8 June 1929 Fort Amsterdam was raided and captured by Venezuelan rebel Rafael Simón Urbina together with 250 others. They plundered weapons, ammunition and the treasury of the island. They also managed to capture the Governor of the island, Leonardus Albertus Fruytier, and hauled him off to Venezuela on the stolen American ship "Maracaibo".
Following the raid the Dutch government decided to permanently station marines and ships on the island.
During the Second World War, the island played an important role in the supply of fuel for the Allied forces. In 1940, before the invasion of the Netherlands by Nazi Germany, the British occupied Curaçao and the French Aruba. The presence of powers other than the Netherlands alarmed the Venezuelan government given the proximity of these islands at the entrance to the Gulf of Venezuela and the fact they'd historically been used as bases to launch incursions against Venezuelan territory. In 1941, US troops occupied the island and built military airports in Aruba ("Dakota") and Curaçao ("Hato"). The main purpose was this deployment was to fight against expected future attacks by Axis submarines and potentially long-distance Nazi bombers. America was also concerned over the potential threat of a German invasion of the continental US launched with the aid of German settlers in South America.
In 1942 the port of the island, one of the main sources of fuel for the Allied operations, was besieged by German submarines on several occasions under Neuland Operation. In August 1942, the Germans returned to Curaçao and attacked a tanker and received fire from a Dutch shore battery before slipping away. The US Navy established the Fourth Fleet, which was responsible for countering enemy naval operations in the Caribbean and in the South Atlantic. The US Army also sent aircraft and personnel to help protect the oil refineries and bolster the Venezuelan Air Force.
In 1954, Curaçao, together with the other Netherlands Antilles, gained political autonomy.
Workers' revolt of 1969.
In the 1940s and 1950s the refinery brought prosperity and modernisation to the island, but prosperity was unevenly distributed. The newly created Curaçao working class became increasingly dissatisfied with the pay practices of the Royal Shell. The participation of the Afro-Curaçaoan population in the political process was also limited. On 30 May 1969, a workers' revolt (known as "Trinta di mei" in Papiamentu) broke out at the entrance gate to the Shell refinery. During the advance to the inner city, the trade union leader Wilson Godett (among others) was shot by police, and angry workers set fire to properties in Punda and Otrobanda.
After the local government had allowed Dutch marines to fly over to restore order, a lot of work was done to make the government more representative of the population. Wilson Goddett even held an administrative position for some time.
In the eighties, Shell left Curaçao. From then on, the island territory leased the oil refinery to the Venezuelan state oil company, the PDVSA. The oil refinery almost permanently causes serious air pollution on a strip of the island southwest of the refinery. There is growing resistance to this. This is called "the shame of Shell" on Curaçao.
Autonomous status.
Curaçao was given an autonomous status similar to Aruba on October 10, 2010.
Unlike the Netherlands, the island is not part of the territory of the European Union and for that reason Curaçao, like Aruba and Sint Maarten, does not have to comply with European law or introduce the euro as a legal tender. Due to the special relationship with the Netherlands as an overseas territory (OCT, "Landen en gebieden overzee" or LGA in Dutch), the islands do qualify for European funds and EU wide cooperation agreements such as the Erasmus+ program. Furthermore, the inhabitants of the Caribbean part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands possess not only the Dutch nationality, but also European citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="6981351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981351" title="Monteggio">
Monteggio

Monteggio is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 18 April 2021 the municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa merged to form Tresa.
History.
Monteggio is first mentioned in 1466 as "da Montegio". Until 1819 the current village core was called Albio. The name comes from the fortified seat of the Capitanei of Sessa, the ruins of which are on the site of the Chapel of S. Adalberto (first mentioned in 1428) located in Castello. During the Middle Ages the history of Monteggio was closely connected to the Sessa family. The communities in the Valley of Tresa (Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Croglio) were given special privileges, because they had special military and defensive obligations. The tax exemptions granted in the 14th century by the Duke of Milan were reconfirmed in 1513 by the Swiss Confederation.
Religiously, Monteggio belongs to the parish of Sessa.
In the past, many industries operated in Monteggio, including; brickworks, mills, hammer mills, fishing and a sawmill. By the middle of the 19th century, peat was cut near the village and there was a foundry. In the past few decades, various commercial and industrial enterprises have settled in the municipality.
Geography.
Monteggio had an area, , of . Of this area, or 40.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 48.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 19.3% is settled (buildings or roads), or 2.7% is either rivers or lakes and or 2.1% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 13.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.4%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 2.1% of the area Out of the forested land, 43.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 5.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 22.9% is used for growing crops, while 4.2% is used for orchards or vine crops and 13.4% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, all of it is unproductive vegetation.
The former municipality is located in the Lugano district, in the lower Malcantone valley on the Italian border. It is broken up into 26 sections or settlements including Brusata, Castello, Fornasette, Lisora, Molinazzo and Ponte Cremenaga.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Per saltire gules and sable and in a chief or an eagle displayed sable."
Demographics.
Monteggio had a population (as of 2019) of 849. , 16.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 11%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (79.6%), with German being second most common (14.5%) and French being third (2.4%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 114 speak German, 19 people speak French, 624 people speak Italian. The remainder (27 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.8% male and 51.2% female. The population was made up of 357 Swiss men (40.2% of the population), and 77 (8.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 377 Swiss women (42.4%), and 78 (8.8%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 7 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 5 deaths of Swiss citizens and 2 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 2 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There was 1 Swiss man and 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 3 non-Swiss men and 5 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 1 and the non-Swiss population remained the same. This represents a population growth rate of 0.1%.
The age distribution, , in Monteggio is; 82 children or 9.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 77 teenagers or 8.7% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 65 people or 7.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 132 people or 14.8% are between 30 and 39, 143 people or 16.1% are between 40 and 49, and 113 people or 12.7% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 152 people or 17.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 86 people or 9.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 39 people or 4.4% who are over 80.
, there were 352 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. there were 319 single family homes (or 78.8% of the total) out of a total of 405 inhabited buildings. There were 47 two family buildings (11.6%) and 27 multi-family buildings (6.7%). There were also 12 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 536 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 172. There were 21 single room apartments and 147 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 352 apartments (65.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 179 apartments (33.4%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (0.9%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 1.1 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 31.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (19.35%), the Ticino League (17.87%) and the SP (13.26%). In the federal election, a total of 229 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 35.9%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 655 registered voters in Monteggio, of which 303 or 46.3% voted. 7 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 295 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 88 or 29.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 54 or 18.3%), the PPD+GenGiova (with 43 or 14.6%) and the LEGA (with 41 or 13.9%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 5 blank ballots were cast, leaving 298 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 84 or 28.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 66 or 22.1%), the SSI (with 45 or 15.1%) and the PPD (with 43 or 14.4%).
Economy.
, Monteggio had an unemployment rate of 3.33%. , there were 17 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 5 businesses involved in this sector. 378 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 13 businesses in this sector. 83 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 25 businesses in this sector. There were 374 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.4% of the workforce.
, there were 670 workers who commuted into the municipality and 257 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 2.6 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 47.0% of the workforce coming into Monteggio are coming from outside Switzerland, while none of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 8% used public transportation to get to work, and 63.4% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 561 or 71.6% were Roman Catholic, while 72 or 9.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 98 individuals (or about 12.50% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 53 individuals (or about 6.76% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Monteggio about 67.3% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Monteggio there were a total of 122 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Monteggio there were 25 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 37 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 24 students in the two-year middle school, while 18 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 10 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 8 who attend part-time.
, there were 54 students from Monteggio who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6981352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981352" title="Anthony S. Seminerio">
Anthony S. Seminerio

Anthony S. Seminerio (February 15, 1935 – January 6, 2011) was an American politician from New York.
Life.
Seminerio graduated from the New York Institute of Technology with a Bachelor's degree. Then he became a corrections officer. He was an executive board member representing the Correction Officers' Benevolent Association where he engaged in negotiations that forced him to travel between New York City and the state capital of Albany, New York. In addition to being the collective bargaining negotiator for members of the Dept. of Corrections Seminerio also served as the founder and treasurer of the New York State Peace Officers Association.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1979 to 2009, sitting in the 183rd, 184th, 185th, 186th, 187th, 188th, 189th, 190th, 191st, 192nd, 193rd, 194th, 195th, 196th, 197th and 198th New York State Legislatures. He represented the neighborhoods of Richmond Hill, Queens and Glendale, Queens. As a member of the New York Assembly, he was one of the more conservative members of the New York City delegation. He opposed abortions, supported capital punishment, and took a tough stance on crime. Thus often at odds with Speaker Sheldon Silver, he endorsed several prominent Republican candidates in the past, including Rudy Giuliani, George Pataki, and Al D'Amato.
He resigned on June 23, 2009, following an indictment for alleged Honest services fraud delivered by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York. In June 2009, he pleaded guilty to taking bribes disguised as consulting fees from hospitals and medical services companies in exchange for official action on their behalf. Among those accused of bribing Seminerio was Bernard G. Ehrlich, who had previously been convicted of crimes in the Wedtech scandal. He died on January 6, 2011, while serving a prison term in the Federal Correctional Complex, Butner in Butner, North Carolina. His conviction was abated because his appeal was still pending when he died.

</doc>
<doc id="6981357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981357" title="Brně">
Brně



</doc>
<doc id="6981360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981360" title="U Make My Sun Shine">
U Make My Sun Shine

"U Make My Sun Shine" is a song by Prince, released on April 10, 2001. The ballad is a duet with guest vocalist Angie Stone, and along with the B-side was reportedly one of the tracks from Prince's canceled "High" album.
"When Will We B Paid?" is a cover version of the 1969 song by the Staple Singers, originally titled "When Will We Be Paid". While the Staple Singers' version is somewhat upbeat musically, Prince's take is a sparse number with lyrics delivered with sadness and anger. The music is almost dirge-like, but features a searing guitar solo to further emphasize the anger. The song concerns the mistreatment and lack of appreciation for black people in the United States. Prince performed the song during his 2001 Hit n Run Tour, segueing it from "Purple Rain".
Music video.
Prince and Angie Stone, as well as some other NPG members at the time, can be seen singing against a blue, partly cloudy background.

</doc>
<doc id="6981371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981371" title="Gija language">
Gija language

Gija (variously spelled Kija, Kitja, Gidja) is an Australian Aboriginal language today spoken by about 200 people, most of whom live in the region from Halls Creek to Kununurra and west to Lansdowne and Tableland Stations in Western Australia. It is a member of the Jarragan language family, a non-Pama-Nyungan family in the East Kimberley. The Argyle Diamond Mine, on the south-western corner of Lake Argyle, is on the borders of Gija and Miriwoong country. The Purnululu National Park (Gija orthography: 'Boornoolooloo'), which contains the Bungle Bunglee Range, is located mostly in Gija country.
Kuluwarrang and Walgi may have been dialects.

</doc>
<doc id="6981372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981372" title="Lord Brittan">
Lord Brittan



</doc>
<doc id="6981379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981379" title="Revenant Wings">
Revenant Wings



</doc>
<doc id="6981387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981387" title="Cuivre River State Park">
Cuivre River State Park

Cuivre River State Park is a public recreation area covering more than northeast of the city of Troy in the Lincoln Hills region of northeastern Missouri, United States. The state park's rugged landscapes range from native grasslands and savannas to limestone bluffs overlooking forested hills. The park offers an extensive system of hiking trails plus swimming and camping facilities and is managed by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources. It encompasses the Lincoln Hills Natural Area (1872 acres) and two designated wild areas: Big Sugar Creek (1675 acres) and Northwoods (1082 acres).
History.
The park began as a federal recreation demonstration area in the 1930s when workers from the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Works Project Administration constructed roads, bridges, group camps, and a picnic shelter. The state took possession of the park in 1946. Two national historic districts—Camp Sherwood Forest and the Cuiver River State Park Administrative Area—were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
Activities and amenities.
The park offers two campgrounds, backpack camping, fishing on Sugar Creek, swimming and canoeing on 55-acre Lake Lincoln, and trails for hiking, cycling and horseback riding.

</doc>
<doc id="6981388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981388" title="USS James E. Kyes">
USS James E. Kyes

USS "James E. Kyes" (DD-787) was a of the United States Navy, named for Commander James E. Kyes (1906–1943).
Construction and career.
"James E. Kyes" was laid down on 27 December 1944 by Todd Pacific Shipyards, Inc., Seattle, Washington; launched on 4 August 1945; sponsored by Mrs. James E. Kyes; and commissioned on 8 February 1946.
Service in the United States Navy.
After shakedown along the West Coast, "James E. Kyes" steamed from Seattle on 12 June for Pearl Harbor to embark troops for transportation to the United States. Arriving San Diego, California on 12 July, she operated along the California coast until departing on 9 November for the western Pacific. Joining the 7th Fleet at Shanghai on 30 November, she operated along the Chinese Coast supporting Chiang Kai-shek's struggle with the Chinese Communists for control of the mainland.
Departing Tsingtao, China, on 28 January 1947, she steamed to Japan for four months of operations off southeastern Japan, in the Tsushima Strait, and along the Korean coast. She cleared Yokosuka on 8 June for home and arrived San Diego on 22 June.
Following operations out of San Diego and San Francisco, California, and Bremerton, Washington, she departed San Pedro, Los Angeles, 2 September 1948 for duty in the Far East. Arriving Yokosuka, Japan, on 30 September, she conducted surveillance patrols in the East China Sea and the Tsushima Strait.
She steamed to Inchon, Korea, on 20 January 1949 as tensions mounted on that peninsula. Returning to Japan on 28 January, she resumed sea patrols until departing Yokosuka on 3 April for San Diego.
Korean War.
After arrival on 24 April, "James E. Kyes" operated out of San Diego until sailing for the western Pacific on 23 June 1950, two days before North Korean troops crossed the 38th parallel to sweep down through South Korea. Ordered by President Harry S. Truman to give South Korean troops "cover and support," the Navy placed the 7th Fleet on alert from Formosa to Japan. Standing off Pohang-dong, Korea, on 18 July, "Kyes" provided fire support during landing operations which reinforced U.N. positions at the southern end of the peninsula. She joined on 2 August escorting while that carrier's aircraft struck enemy troop and supply concentrations along Korea's southern and western coasts. Sailing into the Sea of Japan on 11 August, she screened , , and ; and then steamed to Sasebo, Japan on 27 August to prepare for Operation Chromite.
As a flanking counterstroke to halt the North Korean advance, General Douglas MacArthur ordered an amphibious assault against Inchon to be carried out on 15 September. "James E. Kyes" arrived off Inchon the 15th to guard as her aircraft conducted preinvasion strikes. Remaining off Inchon until 3 October, the destroyer sailed via Sasebo to Korea's east coast for patrol duty.
Late in November she sailed for the United States; but, ordered to reverse course on the 29th, she steamed back to the fight. The Chinese People's Liberation Army had crossed the Yalu River into North Korea to attack advancing U.N. forces. The Chinese cut off and surrounded the 5th and 7th Marine Regiments at Chosin Reservoir on 27 November. The releasing of the marines depended upon air cover from the aircraft carriers stationed off the eastern coast. "James E. Kyes" joined the task force on 1 December and provided anti-submarine warfare (ASW) support while aircraft made hundreds of sorties supporting the embattled marines. Under a protective canopy of naval air cover, the leathernecks broke through on 10 December at Chinhung-ni and moved to Hŭngnam for evacuation. "James E. Kyes" remained on guard as the Navy completed the Hungnam withdrawal of 24 December after embarking 105,000 troops, 91,000 refugees and vast quantities of military cargo. She remained along the eastern coast, supporting the southward movement of American forces. Sailing for home on 19 January 1951, she arrived San Diego on 8 February.
"James E. Kyes" departed San Diego on 27 August and joined "Boxer" (CV-21) and on 20 September in patrolling the Sea of Japan. Sailing to Formosa on 17 December, she joined the Formosa Strait surveillance patrols before resuming carrier guard duty off Korea on 22 January 1952. "Kyes" joined the U.N. Blockading and Escort Force on 19 February and sailed to the Wonsan area to conduct "harassing and interdiction fire at predesignated targets and targets of opportunity." Designed to prevent or hinder enemy troop and supply movements, her patrol concentrated on enemy shore batteries, coastal roads, and railroad installations before sailing for home on 25 March.
Departing San Francisco on 12 November, "James E. Kyes" resumed Korean blockade and bombardment duty on 5 December and joined the Formosa Patrol during February 1953. She returned to Korea on 14 March. Blockade and bombardment patrols were often unspectacular, but therein lay the effectiveness of the naval blockade. As Rear Admiral Sir W. G. Andrewes, RN, observed, "The absence of the spectacular is a measure of the complete success achieved." Patrolling Korea's eastern coast for almost three months, "Kyes" engaged enemy batteries, covered amphibious landings, and supported carrier air strikes. On 19 May "James E. Kyes" and became members of the "Train Busters Club", the awards issued by Commander of TF 95, for destroying a Communist supply train. Illuminating the area with 128 star shells, the two destroyers pumped 418 rounds of 5-inch shells into multiple trains.
Ordered home on 9 June via Yokosuka and Midway, she arrived at Long Beach, California on 29 June.
From 9 February 1954 to 12 March 1962, "James E. Kyes" deployed to the Far East on seven occasions. While operating with the 7th Fleet, she ranged the Orient from Japan and Korea to Southeast Asia and Australia and engaged in a variety of activities.
Operation Passage to Freedom.
She patrolled the coasts of Korea, where an uneasy truce had brought an end to hostilities in July 1953. On several occasions she joined the Formosa Patrol to protect the Chinese Nationalists from Communist invasions. In 1955 she sailed to Southeast Asia while the Navy carried thousands of refugees from North to South Vietnam during "Operation Passage to Freedom".
While serving in the Pacific, "James E. Kyes" conducted several air-sea rescue missions. During the Marshall Islands' nuclear tests of 1956, she acted as a life guard ship; and, in May 1959, she steamed from duty in the Formosa Strait to assist and guard SS "President Hayes", grounded in the Paracel Islands off Vietnam. She also served as plane guard during carrier flight operations, and on four occasions during 1960 and 1961 she effected or assisted in successful rescues of downed pilots and flight crews.
While deployed with the Fleet, "James E. Kyes" engaged in numerous operations designed to test and improve her performance as a fighting ship. In December 1961, during her longest deployment to the Far East, she participated in a combined ASW readiness exercise with units of the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force, which "greatly advanced the mutual understanding between the two forces."
After returning to the West Coast on 12 March 1962, "James E. Kyes" assumed an "in-commission-in-reserve" status on 16 April and underwent Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM I) conversion at Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, Bremerton, Washington, to prepare for her role in the new Navy. Returning to full commission on 18 December, she participated in fleet exercises held off the California coast on 27 and 28 May 1963 in honor of President John F. Kennedy.
"James E. Kyes" deployed to the Far East on 10 October. Following readiness evaluation exercises off the Hawaiian Islands, she arrived Yokosuka, Japan, on 22 November and commenced Fleet operations that continued to the end of the year. In the spring of 1964 she participated in Operation "Back Packs," a combined Chinese Nationalist and United States amphibious exercise on Taiwan. She was in the hunter-killer group which provided ASW protection for the operation. During the deployment, she supplied water to Hong Kong helping to relieve suffering caused by a severe drought which afflicted the city.
The destroyer returned to Long Beach on 2 April 1964 and operated out of homeport for the rest of the year. She celebrated Columbus Day by saving a wayward DASH helicopter from hitting . She sailed for the Far East on 24 March 1965 and reached Yokosuka on 30 April. In May she participated in SEATO Exercise "Seahorse" with ships of the Thai, United Kingdom, and Australian navies. At the end of this exercise in the South China Sea, she visited Bangkok, Thailand. After upkeep in Subic Bay and a run to Hong Kong, "James E. Kyes" got underway for Exercise "Cross Tee II" in the Sea of Japan with ships of the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Vietnam War.
During her 14th Westpac deployment in July 1965, "James E. Kyes" reported for duty with TF 77, which she operated until 10 September. During this period "James E. Kyes" served as plane guard for , AAW and SSSC picket at the southern end of the Tonkin Gulf and carried out a mercy mission to a stranded South Vietnamese SeaBee Battalion on Drummon Island in the Paracel Islands group, providing them with food and water. From 30 August to 5 September, the ship fired her guns in anger for the first time since the Korean War, providing illuminations and destructive fire near the Quảng Ngãi Province area of South Vietnam while assigned as Naval Gunfire Support (NGFS) ship.
From 2 to 7 August 1966, "James E. Kyes" was assigned as NGFS ship off South Vietnam. The ship returned to the Tonkin Gulf for operations. From 10 October to 24 November, "James E. Kyes" served as Surface-Subsurface Coordinator, and double as support for the on PIRAZ station from 25 October to 2 November. Between 8 and 15 November, "James E. Kyes" was again assigned duties as NGFS ship and expended 787 round of 5-inch projectiles against the enemy during this seven-day period.
19 August 1967 marked the beginning of "James E. Kyes" 16th Westpac deployment. From 24 to 28 October "James E. Kyes" was attached to Task Unit 70.9.9 as a gunfire support ship off the I Corps area of South Vietnam and the DMZ. From 29 October to 5 November 1967, she was part of TU 77.1.1 on Operation Sea Dragon. "James E. Kyes" ran support for the Cruisers and during this time and helped destroy North Vietnamese bridges, roads, and coastal gun sites, and disrupted logistics traffic headed south for use by North Vietnamese and Viet Cong troops in South Vietnam. On 30 October "James E. Kyes" was fired upon by a North Vietnamese gun emplacement on an island. The North Vietnamese fired 27 rounds at "James E. Kyes", evasive action avoided damage and USS "Canberra" subsequently destroyed the gun emplacement. "James E. Kyes" and crew received the combat action medal for the above incident. From 6 to 11 November, "James E. Kyes" was once more assigned to TW 70.8.9 off South Vietnam's I Corps area. During this period, "James E. Kyes" was one of the destroyers cited by the Admiral in charge of Amphibious Operations (KNOX and FORMATION LEADER), for extremely effective gunfire missions conduction "promptly and in a highly efficient manner". Leaving the gun line on 11 November, "James E. Kyes" had fired almost 3000 rounds of 5-inch ammunition against targets in both North and South Vietnam, and had destroyed or damaged 124 military structures, 300 meters of trenches and bunkers, 6 sampans, and a number of North Vietnamese coastal gun sites.
On 3 January 1968, the "James E. Kyes" was again underway for the Tonkin Gulf with Task Force 77. Between 19 August 1967 and the middle of January 1968, the "James E. Kyes" spent every month receiving combat pay for being in the waters off the coast of Vietnam. With only a couple of brief "R&amp;R" stops for replenishment of food and arms, this was the longest stay in the combat zone. Because of this the crew were granted R&amp;R in Australia and were steaming south for several days ( 20–23 January). When the was captured by North Korean forces on 23 January 1968, "James E. Kyes" was ordered to head to the Sea of Japan to assist other ships of the 7th Fleet with taking back the "Pueblo" as part of Operation Formation Star. At Flank speed "James E. Kyes" headed away from Australia and toward the Sea of Japan. Upon arrival in the Sea of Japan "James E. Kyes" met two aircraft carriers, the USS "Enterprise" and USS "Kearsarge" and each of their escorts of a cruiser and several more destroyers. The "James E. Kyes" was the "Flagship" of the destroyer fleet because the Captain was on board. Because of this and its armament, "James E. Kyes" was assigned to be the "Tow Ship" to bring the "Pueblo" out of Wonson Harbor. "James E. Kyes" maintained position as the closest ship to the Pueblo and crew mates could see the "Pueblo" through their binoculars. For several weeks "James E. Kyes" sat like a buoy bouncing in the just-under hurricane weather at −40 degrees temperatures.
On 29 March 1969, "James E. Kyes" was underway for her 17th Westpac deployment, her 4th tour to Vietnam waters, and her 7th tour to the Vietnam gunline. Arriving early in the morning of 19 June, in the vicinity of Vũng Tàu, near the Mekong River Delta, the ship was at a tense General Quarters ready for anything. This soon relaxed after her first firing mission in support of Australian forces against VC base camps in a valley 16 miles east-northeast of Vũng Tàu. "James E. Kyes" then moved south into and up the Saigon River, fired several missions.
On 22 May, "James E. Kyes" transited to Manila Bay, Republic of the Philippines, where she joined in preparations for the joint SEATO exercise "Sea Spirit". On 26 May, Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos opened the exercise at a ceremony in Manila. "James E. Kyes" steamed in company with and operated with the elements of ASW Group 1, Destroyer Squadron 23 and various SEATO units including . "James E. Kyes" continued screen duties, ASW and AAW alertness for four days. Following the Melbourne–Evans collision on 3 June 1969 "James E. Kyes" assisted in the rescue of survivors from the . "James E. Kyes" departed the collision area with ASW Group 1 en route Subic Bay, and on 6 June tied up to Riviera Pier for an upkeep period and pre-gun line replenishment. By 17 June, preparation was completed and "James E. Kyes" departed Subic Bay en route to the gun line, off the coast of III Corp, Republic of Vietnam.
On 23 June, "James E. Kyes" hit enemy position 15 miles north of Qui Nhơn, destroying six military structures, damaging nine and destroyed an ammunition dump. From the 24th to the 26th, "James E. Kyes" fired several missions destroying enemy bunkers, structures and supply camps. On the 27th, the ship's batteries came to the aid of the 47th South Vietnamese Regiment during a Viet Cong attack seven miles northwest of Tuy Hòa in II Corps. Illumination rounds fired by the ship helped the friendly forces repel the VC. In addition, missions fired at enemy targets six and nine miles northwest of Tuy Hòa, destroyed ten Viet Cong bunkers. On the 28th and 29th, the ship fired in support of the Ninth ROK Infantry Division. 1 July, "James E. Kyes" was off Phan Thiết supporting units of the 506th Infantry Regiment.
During the gun line period, "James E. Kyes" supported American, Australian, South Korean and South Vietnamese troops fighting ashore. The ship was responsible for destroying 41 bunkers, 4 caves, 29 military structures and causing five secondary explosions, of which one was an ammo dump. "James E. Kyes" was diverted to Korean waters in October 1969 when the North Koreans shot down an American reconnaissance plane while in international air space. After several periods at sea in the Tonkin Gulf, "James E. Kyes" was detached and arrived in Long Beach on 21 November 1969.
The year 1970 marked the first time since 1946 that "James E. Kyes" did not deploy to the Western Pacific. However, she operated up and down the West Coast with many exercises after a Hull renovation from March to June. Completing Refresher Training and Naval Gunfire Support Qualifications, "James E. Kyes" was ready for its 1971 deployment.
In 1971, "James E. Kyes" after several important exercises between Long Beach and Pearl Harbor, got under way for the Western Pacific on 19 March. Arriving in the Gulf of Tonkin and Vietnamese waters on 3 April, "James E. Kyes" plane guarded for the and steamed with the . On 11 May 1971, the ship again arrived in the Gulf and plane guarded for the .
After an exercise with ships from the Japanese Maritime Self Defense Force, the ship plane guarded for the USS "Ticonderoga" once again. However, this lasted only 2 days as "James E. Kyes" along with Destroyer Squadron 23 was detached on 17 June and ordered to Long Beach via Adak, Alaska for refueling. The "James E. Kyes" moored in Long Beach on 5 July ending a 3-month Westpac cruise. The "James E. Kyes" along with the rest of Desron 23, changed home ports on 1 September 1971 from Long Beach to San Diego, California due to the Navy's general administrative reorganization.
On 5 June 1972, "James E. Kyes" departed San Diego for her 21st and final Westpac deployment. On 6 June, "James E. Kyes" rendezvoused with and escorted the carrier to the Gulf of Tonkin arrive on 22 June 1972. On 7 July, "James E. Kyes" began her first of several Naval Gunfire Support missions off South Vietnam. She also participated in Naval Gunfire Strikes off North Vietnam and still more firing missions of South Vietnam. In 1972, the ship spent 3-month in the war zone broken only by short upkeep and R&amp;R periods in Subic Bay, Kaohsiung and Hong Kong.
On 26 December 1972, "James E. Kyes" in company with destroyers , and departed Subic Bay for San Diego conducting extensive TYPE training exercises en route. "James E. Kyes" arrived in San Diego, California on 13 January 1973 thus ending her "Last at-sea period" as a commissioned United States Destroyer.
"James E. Kyes" made 7 deployments to the Western Pacific and 19 tours to the Vietnam War zone.
"James E. Kyes" was decommissioned, and on 31 March 1973 she was stricken from the Naval Vessel Register.
On 18 April 1973, the ship was transferred to the Republic of China.
Service in the Republic of China Navy.
She served in the Republic of China Navy as ROCS "Chien Yang" (),
She was reclassified as a guided missile destroyer DDG-912 after her 1980s Wu-Chin III modernization program.
"Chien Yang" was decommissioned 1 December 2004 at Tsoying Naval Base, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
She was originally scheduled to be transferred to Taichung for display but was sold and dismantled in November 2013 without the intention of the local government.
Awards.
Combat Action Ribbon, China Service Medal, 
World War II Victory Medal, Navy Occupation Service Medal with Asia clasp, National Defense Service Medal (2nd award), 
Korea Service Medal with six battle stars, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal (2nd award), Vietnam Service Medal with 7 campaign stars, Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gallantry, United Nations Korea Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal with Clasp (60-).

</doc>
<doc id="6981390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981390" title="Leo Loves Kitty">
Leo Loves Kitty



</doc>
<doc id="6981395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981395" title="Stan Barstow">
Stan Barstow

Stanley Barstow FRSL (28 June 1928 – 1 August 2011) was an English novelist.
Biography.
Barstow was born in Horbury, near Wakefield in the West Riding of Yorkshire. His father was a coal miner and he attended Ossett Grammar School. He worked as a draughtsman and salesman for an engineering company. He was best known for his 1960 novel "A Kind of Loving", which has been turned into a film, a television series, a radio play and a stage play. The author's other novels included "Ask Me Tomorrow" (1962), "The Watchers on the Shore" (1966) and "The Right True End" (1976). He frequently attended public events in Ossett, where he grew up, and Horbury, his birthplace.
Barstow's other works included "Joby", which was turned into a television play starring Patrick Stewart, "A Raging Calm", "A Season with Eros", "A Brother’s Tale", "Just You Wait and See", "Modern Delights" and an autobiography, "In My Own Good Time" (2001). He also wrote plays and short stories.
Barstow married Connie Kershaw in 1951, and they had two children. In the late 1980s, he met Diana Griffiths who was beginning to learn her trade as a writer with Barstow's help. He and Connie Kershaw separated in 1990, though never divorced. Stan started a new life with Griffiths, now a writer in her own right, with eight original plays and nearly twenty dramatisations to her credit. Later he lived in Pontardawe, South Wales, with her. Stan Barstow died on 1 August 2011, aged 83.
The Stan Barstow Memorial Garden in Horbury is named after him.
Bibliography.
Novels
Short Story Collections
Plays
Autobiography

</doc>
<doc id="6981401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981401" title="A Kind of Loving (novel)">
A Kind of Loving (novel)

A Kind of Loving is a novel by the English novelist Stan Barstow. It has also been translated into a film of the same name, a television series, a radio play and a stage play.
Published in 1960, "A Kind of Loving" was the first of a trilogy, published over the course of sixteen years, that followed hero Vic Brown through marriage, divorce and a move from the mining town of Cressley to London. The other two parts are "The Watchers on the Shore" (1966) and "The Right True End" (1976).
Plot summary.
The story presents to us Vic Brown, a young working class man from Yorkshire, England, who is slowly inching his way up from his working-class roots through a white-collar job. Vic finds himself trapped by the frightening reality of his girlfriend Ingrid's pregnancy and is forced into marrying her and moving in with his mother-in-law due to a housing shortage in their Northern England town.
The story is about love and loneliness. Vic meets and is very attracted to the beautiful but demanding Ingrid. As their relationship develops and transforms into real-life everyday aridity and boredom, Vic ultimately comes to terms with his life and what it really means to love. The novel has had some influence on the literary community, leaving the label "lad-lit" behind, although the term itself was not coined until the 1990s.
Adaptations.
In 1962 the novel was turned into a film of the same name. Directed by John Schlesinger and starring Alan Bates as Vic and June Ritchie as Ingrid, it was written for the screen by Keith Waterhouse and Willis Hall.
"A Kind of Loving" was adapted by Barstow as a radio play for the BBC in 1964, with Brian Peck as Vic and June Barry as Ingrid. The two sequels followed, both for BBC radio, in 1971 and 1978 respectively, with the same actors reprising their roles.
In 1982 Barstow adapted his novel and the two sequels as a ten-part series for Granada Television, collectively entitled "A Kind of Loving". Clive Wood starred as Vic, with Joanne Whalley as Ingrid and Susan Penhaligon as Donna (the woman with whom Vic has an affair and for whom he leaves Ingrid in the second and third books).

</doc>
<doc id="6981406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981406" title="Rosie Barclay">
Rosie Barclay



</doc>
<doc id="6981407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981407" title="Jefferson Community College (Kentucky)">
Jefferson Community College (Kentucky)



</doc>
<doc id="6981410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981410" title="Joint Forest Management">
Joint Forest Management

Joint Forest Management often abbreviated as JFM is the official and popular term in India for partnerships in forest movement involving both the state forest departments and local communities. The policies and objectives of Joint Forest Movement are detailed in the Indian comprehensive National Forest Policy of 1988 and the Joint Forest Management Guidelines of 1990 of the Government of India.
Although schemes vary from state to state and are known by different names in different Indian languages, usually a village committee known as the Forest Protection Committee (FPC) and the Forest Department enter into a JFM agreement. Villagers agree to assist in the safeguarding of forest resources through protection from fire, grazing, and illegal harvesting in exchange for which they receive non-timber forest products and a share of the revenue from the sale of timber products.
Origins.
Joint forest management is concept of developing relationships between fringe forest groups and forest department on the basis of mutual trust and jointly defined roles and responsibilities for forest protection and development. Joint Forest Management originated in Odisha in 1988 . The major hardwood of Arabari Forest Range is sal, a commercially profitable forest crop. Ajit Kumar Banerjee, a silviculturist, working for the Forest Department as the Divisional Forest Officer, was conducting trials which were constantly being disturbed by grazing and illegal harvesting by the local populace. At the time there were no initiatives for sharing of forest resources between the government and the locals, with the government considering many of the locals no more than "thieves". The forest official, against the suggestions of his co-workers, sought out representatives of eleven local villages and negotiated the terms of a contract with an "ad hoc" Forest Protection Committee. The initial program involved 612 families managing 12.7 square kilometres of forests classified as "degraded". 25% of profits from the forests were shared with the villagers. The experiment was successful and was expanded to other parts of the state in 1987. JFM is still in force at Arabari.
A few years later, Joint Forest Management was employed in the state of Haryana to prevent soil erosion and deforestation. In 1977, villagers were persuaded that instead of grazing on erosion-prone hills, building small dams would help agricultural output on areas currently under cultivation. The program led to reforestation of many hills in the state. However, officially the state of Odisha remains the first to pass the first resolutions for JFM
Current status.
After the initial successes in West Bengal and Haryana, the JFM schemes received national importance in the legislation of 1988 and thrust in the Guidelines of 1998. As of 2000 27 states of the Indian Union had various JFM schemes with over 63,000 FPCs involved in the joint management of over 1400,000 km2 of forested land. In 2010 the areas increased to 2460000 km2 was managed by more than 112896 committees with around 14500000 families getting benefit from JFM programme.

</doc>
<doc id="6981411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981411" title="ROCS Chien Yang (DDG-912)">
ROCS Chien Yang (DDG-912)



</doc>
<doc id="6981412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981412" title="ROCS Chien Yang">
ROCS Chien Yang



</doc>
<doc id="6981413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981413" title="Lord Hurd">
Lord Hurd



</doc>
<doc id="6981414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981414" title="Chien Yang">
Chien Yang



</doc>
<doc id="6981415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981415" title="Jerry Schilling">
Jerry Schilling

Jerry Schilling (born February 6, 1942, in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American talent manager, who was associated with Elvis Presley and was a member of Presley's Memphis Mafia from the latter part of the 1960s. His other clients have included the Beach Boys, Jerry Lee Lewis and Lisa Marie Presley.

</doc>
<doc id="6981416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981416" title="Bulgarian names">
Bulgarian names



</doc>
<doc id="6981417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981417" title="Yiasoumis Yiasoumi">
Yiasoumis Yiasoumi

Yiasoumis Yiasoumi () or Yiasemakis Yiasemi () (born 31 May 1975) is a retired Cypriot footballer who last played for AEK Larnaca. He was also a player of Enosis Neon Paralimni, APOEL, PAOK, Aris Limassol and Ethnikos Achna.
Yiasoumi has made 64 appearances for the Cyprus national football team in which he scored 8 goals. 
Honours.
Club.
PAOK

</doc>
<doc id="6981419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981419" title="Tōichirō Araki">
Tōichirō Araki

 was a Japanese writer, scientist, and engineer who won a race around the world in 1928. He wrote many books, most notably "", and is sometimes called "the Pioneer of Efficiency Management in Japan". He was one of the first successful professional business consultants in Japan. Araki managed to meet with two prominent industrial engineers and industrial psychologists, Lillian Gilbreth and Harrington Emerson. Toichiro had three daughters, Keiko, Nobuko, and Aiko.
In 1945, Japanese military police arrested Toichiro Araki on the pretext of being a spy.

</doc>
<doc id="6981420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981420" title="Rovio, Ticino">
Rovio, Ticino

Rovio is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Traditionally Rovio has been an agricultural community, raising livestock and growing vines, but today many of its houses are occupied by commuters, largely travelling into the city of Lugano.
The entire village of Rovio is part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites, whilst the oratory of S. Vigilio is listed as a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
On 10 April 2022, the former municipalities of Maroggia, Melano and Rovio merged to form the new municipality of Val Mara.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Or a cat rampant guardant sable langued gules." The cat () refers to the nickname given to the villagers.
History.
Rovio is first mentioned in 852 as "Rovi".
Five fire pits from about 1000 BC were discovered within the municipal area, as well as remains from the Iron Age and the Roman era. In 1213 the "Vicinanza" which included Rovio village came under the Pieve of Riva San Vitale. In 1517, the entire Pieve became part of the bailiwick of Lugano. In 1798, it joined the short-lived Republic of Riva San Vitale.
It was part of the parish of Riva San Vitale until 1213 when it became an independent parish. The parish church of SS Vitale e Agata was first mentioned in that same year. Between the end of the 16th Century and 1613, it was rebuilt. The romanesque Oratory of San Vigilio was built in the first half of the 11th Century.
Agriculture, livestock and vineyards were the main sources of income. Due to lack of farming land, many residents also emigrated as construction workers and craftsmen. Since the 1960s many new houses have been built. In 2000, more than three-quarters of workers in Rivio were commuters, with the majority going to Lugano.
Geography.
The municipality of Rovio is located in the district of Lugano, on the left side of the Valmara valley. It includes the Swiss side of the peak of Monte Generoso, at an elevation of on the border with Italy.
Rovio has an area, , of . Of this area, or 9.4% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 78.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 6.3% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.2% is either rivers or lakes and or 7.6% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 5.1% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.9%. Out of the forested land, 75.2% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.4% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 3.8% is used for growing crops and 5.1% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 6.1% is unproductive vegetation and 1.4% is too rocky for vegetation.
Demographics.
Rovio has a population () of . , 16.0% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 18.5%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (83.1%), with German being second most common (11.9%) and Portuguese being third (1.6%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 80 speak German, 7 people speak French, 559 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (26 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.3% male and 50.7% female. The population was made up of 307 Swiss men (40.8% of the population), and 64 (8.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 332 Swiss women (44.1%), and 50 (6.6%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 9 live births to Swiss citizens and were 7 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 2 while the foreign population remained the same. There were 5 Swiss men and 2 Swiss women who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 5 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 3 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 10 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.7%.
The age distribution, , in Rovio is; 68 children or 9.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 75 teenagers or 10.0% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 68 people or 9.0% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 96 people or 12.7% are between 30 and 39, 158 people or 21.0% are between 40 and 49, and 112 people or 14.9% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 85 people or 11.3% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 57 people or 7.6% are between 70 and 79, there are 34 people or 4.5% who are over 80.
, there were 281 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 209 single family homes (or 72.6% of the total) out of a total of 288 inhabited buildings. There were 39 two family buildings (13.5%) and 36 multi-family buildings (12.5%). There were also 4 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 449 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 136. There were 21 single room apartments and 136 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 281 apartments (62.6% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 163 apartments (36.3%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (1.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.7 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SP which received 33.24% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (18%), the Ticino League (17.01%) and the CVP (11.8%). In the federal election, a total of 289 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 54.7%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 521 registered voters in Rovio, of which 359 or 68.9% voted. 3 blank ballots were cast, leaving 356 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 111 or 31.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 58 or 16.3%), the LEGA (with 53 or 14.9%) and the SSI (with 51 or 14.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 356 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 128 or 36.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 76 or 21.3%), the PLRT (with 59 or 16.6%) and the SSI (with 45 or 12.6%).
Economy.
, Rovio had an unemployment rate of 3.31%. , there were 9 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 3 businesses involved in this sector. 13 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 5 businesses in this sector. 61 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 16 businesses in this sector. There were 342 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.6% of the workforce.
, there were 42 workers who commuted into the municipality and 260 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 6.2 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 23.8% of the workforce coming into Rovio are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 6.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 71.1% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Rovio.
Religion.
From the , 498 or 74.0% were Roman Catholic, while 55 or 8.2% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 92 individuals (or about 13.67% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 28 individuals (or about 4.16% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Rovio about 78.5% of the population (between ages 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Rovio there were a total of 126 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Rovio there were 22 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 42 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 32 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 9 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 3 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 14 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 52 students from Rovio who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6981425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981425" title="Madras curry sauce">
Madras curry sauce



</doc>
<doc id="6981427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981427" title="Hematologic">
Hematologic



</doc>
<doc id="6981430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981430" title="Cheeseburger in Paradise (restaurant)">
Cheeseburger in Paradise (restaurant)

Cheeseburger in Paradise was a casual dining island-themed restaurant chain in the United States that operated between 2002 and 2020. The last location, located in Secaucus, New Jersey, temporarily closed in March 2020 and this was made permanent in September 2020. The restaurants were characterized by their Key West-style architecture and island decor. 
History.
The first restaurant opened on August 19, 2002, in the Southport area of Indianapolis, Indiana. The restaurant was named after the 1978 song "Cheeseburger in Paradise" by American pop music singer Jimmy Buffett. The chain was a partnership of Buffett's company, the Orlando, Florida-based Margaritaville Holdings LLC, and OSI Restaurant Partners, with Buffett licensing the name and Outback Steakhouse operating the franchising of the restaurants.
In September 2009, Cheeseburger in Paradise was sold to Paradise Restaurant Group, LLC. Jimmy Buffett was only a royalty partner, receiving 2% of profits until selling Paradise Restaurant Group the rights to the song "Cheeseburger in Paradise". In December 2012, Luby's purchased Paradise Restaurant Group for $11 million, thereby acquiring all of the restaurants and ending Jimmy Buffett's association with the chain. At the time of the sale, the company had 23 locations in 14 states.
Closings.
After acquisition by Luby's, a number of the chain's locations were closed. In August 2014, Luby's announced to management and employees that half of the chain's remaining restaurants would close, either immediately or in the following few weeks. Affected restaurants included those in Fort Myers, Florida; Algonquin, Illinois; Newark, Delaware; Fishers, Indiana; Terre Haute, Indiana; Evansville, Indiana; Kansas City, Kansas; Middleton, Wisconsin; Sterling Heights, Michigan; and Pasadena, Maryland. Many of these locations were to be rebranded Fuddruckers Deluxe Bar and Grill, another concept owned by Luby's and a full-service version of their Fuddrucker's chain. Ultimately not all of them were, including the one in Fishers, Indiana and California, Maryland.
In August 2018, all restaurants except for the Omaha, Nebraska, and Secaucus, New Jersey, locations were closed, including the original restaurant in Indianapolis.
The Omaha location closed in early October 2018. The last remaining Cheeseburger in Paradise location was in Secaucus.
On September 8, 2020, Cheeseburger in Paradise owner Luby's, Inc. announced they plan to liquidate existing assets, including the assets of Cheeseburger in Paradise, distributing the proceeds to investors. The closure of the Secaucus location, which had been shuttered to the public since March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic was made permanent at this time.
Lahaina, Hawaii.
A chain named Cheeseburger Restaurants based in Portola, California had one of their restaurants located in oceanfront Lahaina, Hawaii, also named "Cheeseburger in Paradise". This chain, which began in 1989, has no relation to Jimmy Buffett's business. Buffett sued the owners in 1997. After a four-year legal battle, a settlement was reached that allowed Laren Gartner and Edna Bayliff to keep the name at their existing restaurants in Lahaina and Waikiki but prevented them from using it at any additional locations. The Lahaina location burned down due to a wildfire in August 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="6981431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981431" title="James Shaw Grant">
James Shaw Grant

James Shaw Grant FRSE CBE (22 May 1910 – 28 July 1999) was a writer and journalist from the Isle of Lewis. He was strongly associated with the Highlands and Islands Development Board.
Life.
He was born in Stornoway and educated at the Nicholson Institute in Stornoway. He then attended the University of Glasgow gaining an MA 1931.
He became editor of the "Stornoway Gazette" in 1932 following on from his father and held this post until 1963.
In 1956 he broadcast "A Gaelic capital" on BBC Scotland, an audio tour of Stornoway. He wrote a number of books about crofting communities, such as the comic novel "The Enchanted Island".
From 1972 to 1984 he was Chairman of the Harris Tweed Association. He was also Chairman of the Crofters Commission 1963 to 1978.
In 1979 the University of Aberdeen awarded him an honorary doctorate (LLD).
In 1982 he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. His proposers were Fraser Noble, Lord Cameron, Anthony Elliot Ritchie, Neill Campbell, Thomas L Johnston and Sir Kenneth Alexander.
He died in Aberdeen on 28 July 1999.
Family.
In 1951 he married Catherine Mary Stewart (d.1989).

</doc>
<doc id="6981437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981437" title="Edna Staebler">
Edna Staebler

Edna Staebler (January 15, 1906 – September 12, 2006) was a Canadian writer and literary journalist, best known for her series of cookbooks, particularly "Food That Really Schmecks". While the book contains Mennonite recipes, the content also includes stories and anecdotes about life and home cooking in the rural areas of the Waterloo Region.
Life.
Edna Staebler was born in Berlin, Ontario (renamed Kitchener during World War I) in 1906 and grew up there.
Edna's birth certificate shows her name was originally registered as Cora Margaret Cress and later changed, (by annotation on birth certificate referencing a 1910 letter), to Edna Louisa Cress. She was the daughter of machinist, John Gerp Cress (7 April 1875 – 23 October 1932) and Louise Cress (née Sattler) (24 January 1881 – 8 March 1972) who were married 15 July 1903.
Staebler received a BA from the University of Toronto and a teacher's certificate from the Ontario College of Education. Staebler married in 1933, but divorced in 1962. Beginning in 1948, she wrote articles for "Maclean's", "Chatelaine", "Saturday Night", "Reader's Digest", "Star Weekly" and other newspapers and magazines; she has also written non-fiction with Canadian themes. In 1991, she established an award for creative non-fiction, awarded annually by Wilfrid Laurier University. Staebler was awarded membership to the Order of Canada in 1996.
She died of a stroke in Waterloo, Ontario, in 2006 at the age of 100.
A biography, "To Experience Wonder, Edna Staebler: A Life" (2003), was written by Veronica Ross; a collection of her diaries, "Must Write", edited by Christl Verduyn, was published in 2005.
Other books by Edna Staebler.
In addition to "Food that Really Schmecks", Stabler is also the author (or editor) of the following:
Awards received by Edna Staebler.
In addition to the Order of Canada, Staebler also received the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="6981439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981439" title="Paul Cassirer">
Paul Cassirer

Paul Cassirer (21 February 1871, in Görlitz – 7 January 1926, in Berlin) was a German art dealer and editor who played a significant role in the promotion of the work of artists of the Berlin Secession and of French Impressionists and Post-Impressionists, in particular that of Vincent van Gogh and Paul Cézanne.
Starting out.
Paul Cassirer started out as a student of art history, and then became a writer in 1890s Munich, where he worked for the weekly magazine "Simplicissimus" and published two novels.
Cassirer moved to Berlin, and he and his cousin Bruno, while still in their mid 20s, opened their gallery on the ground floor of Paul's house in the up-market Viktoriastrasse. The cousins came from a prominent family, whose members included the neurologist Richard Cassirer and the philosopher Ernst Cassirer. Paul was born into a Jewish family. His father, Louis, was an engineer and businessman, whose company — Kabelwerke Dr. Cassirer &amp; Co. — manufactured telegraphic cables, and was eventually taken over by Siemens.
In 1895 he married Lucie Oberwarth.
In 1901 Cassirer visited Julien Leclercq's retrospective of Van Gogh's work, and later that year he organized the inclusion of five Van Gogh canvases in the May show of the Berlin Secession.
On 21 May 1904, Cassirer and Lucie divorced.
Second marriage.
In 1910 he married Ottilie Godefroy (18 August 1880, Vienna – 21 February 1971, Berlin), the actress well known under her pseudonym Tilla Durieux. Tilla had very briefly been married to the painter Eugen Spiro six years earlier. She and Cassirer were married for sixteen years, but the union was to end tragically.
In 1910 Cassirer also resurrected the periodical "Pan".
Art dealing and collecting.
On April 11, 1900, Paul Cassirer purchased "Rue St. Honoré, après midi, effet de pluie", by French Impressionist Camille Pissarro (the “Painting”). from Durand-Ruel. Julius Cassirer acquired it from him, passing it to Lilly Cassirer Neubauer, after his death. The painting has been the object of a claim for restitution for Nazi-looted art by the Cassirer family 
Together with Hugo Helbing, Cassirer formed an auction house starting around 1916. Auctions of major artworks were held there, including the Julius Stern Collection, in 1916. 
Death.
On 7 January 1926, Cassirer met his wife in a lawyer's office to finalize the divorce proceedings. He excused himself and walked into another room, where he shot himself. Like that of Van Gogh, the artist he had done so much to promote, Cassirer's suicide was not immediately successful. He died from the injury a few hours later.

</doc>
<doc id="6981444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981444" title="1,25(OH)2D">
1,25(OH)2D



</doc>
<doc id="6981448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981448" title="Extended physiological proprioception">
Extended physiological proprioception

Extended physiological proprioception (EPP) is a concept pioneered by D.C. Simpson (1972) to describe the ability to perceive at the tip of a tool. Proprioception is the concept is that proprioceptors in the muscles and joints, couple with cutaneous receptors to identify and manage contacts between the body and the world. Extended physiological proprioception allows for this same process to apply to contacts between a tool that is being held and the world. The work was based on prostheses developed at the time in response to disabilities incurred by infants as the result of use of the drug thalidomide by mothers from 1957 to 1962, with the tool in this case simply being the prosthesis itself. How a person identifies with themself changes after a lower limb amputation affects body image, functioning, awareness, and future projections.
People with amputations have reported phantom limbs. This serves as evidence that the brain is hard-wired to perceive body image, making it notable that sensory input and proprioceptive feedback are not essential in its formation. Losing an anatomical part through amputation sets a person up for complex perceptual, emotional, and psychological responses. Such responses include phantom limb pain, which is the painful feeling some amputees incur after amputation in the area lost. Phantom limb pain permits a natural acceptance and use of prosthetic limbs.

</doc>
<doc id="6981450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981450" title="Luga language">
Luga language



</doc>
<doc id="6981455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981455" title="Wiedehopf Im Mai – Sandie Shaw Singt Auf Deutsch">
Wiedehopf Im Mai – Sandie Shaw Singt Auf Deutsch

Wiedehopf im Mai – Sandie Shaw singt auf Deutsch is a compilation album by the British pop singer Sandie Shaw featuring all her German language recordings, many of which are versions of her hits. The album was released in 2004 by EMI.
The album's title — which literally translates to "Hoopoe In May" — is a reference to the title of German version of her winning Eurovision song from 1967, "Puppet on a String".

</doc>
<doc id="6981456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981456" title="Daitanken">
Daitanken



</doc>
<doc id="6981457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981457" title="Roush Performance">
Roush Performance

Roush Performance is an American automotive company primarily involved in the engineering, development, and manufacturing of high-performance components for street and competitive racing applications. The company's namesake is automotive mogul Jack Roush, who owns and operates the firm. Founded in 1995 by Roush, it provides automotive engineering from racing to street cars.
Aftermarket parts.
Roush produces aftermarket performance parts for Ford cars and trucks, mainly the Ford Mustang, Ford Focus, and the Ford F-150 light duty pickup. These special model vehicles are sold to the public through select Ford dealerships. In addition to the high performance business, Roush supplies propane conversions kit for the F-150, as well as for school buses.
Roush is listed as a vehicle "Manufacturer of Record," in that the company modifies Ford F-150, Ford Focus, and Ford Mustangs to the extent that they are considered "Roush" vehicles, and some carry Roush factory warranties (as opposed to Ford warranties).
Roush factory-modified vehicles.
Modifications to Ford vehicles completed at their Livonia, Michigan factory include upgrades such as suspension, body, interior, and engine, depending on the model of Roush vehicle and the options ordered. Perhaps best known of these Roush-modified vehicles is the Ford Mustang, which in 2016 is available in the "RS" (3.7 liter V6, with body kit, stripes, wheels, and interior modifications only), "Stage 1" (standard 5.0 liter V8, with body kit, stripes, wheels, and interior modifications only), "Stage 2" (standard 5.0 liter V8, with body kit, stripes, wheels, suspension, and interior modifications only), and "Stage 3" (body kit, stripes, wheels, suspension, interior, and exhaust modifications, with the addition of an Eaton-supplied 2.3 liter TVS-2300 "roots-style" supercharger). The addition of the supercharger to the Ford-supplied 5.0 liter engine on the Stage 3 version results in a horsepower output of 670. All Roush factory cars are 50 state street legal.
All packages are available in both coupe and convertible models, in either manual or automatic transmission (automatics are special order only).
Roush has been modifying factory-born Ford Mustangs since 1995 on a limited-run basis, and made several numbered, limited-edition models:
All models are serialized with a unique plaque and other documentation (some as "limited edition" vehicles), and are registered with Roush Performance in order to avoid cloning.
The company also provides custom built engines for cars like the Superformance Shelby Daytona Coupe, or Brock Coupe as it is also known.
The company has served occasionally as a part-time sponsor for Roush's Xfinity Series teams.

</doc>
<doc id="6981461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981461" title="Supercute">
Supercute

"Supercute" is a song by Prince, released as a CD single sold only during his 2001 U.S. tour. The cover art for the single features then backing singer and dancer, Geneva. The song was reportedly one of the tracks from the cancelled "High" album. The B-side, "Underneath the Cream" was also from the "High" sessions.

</doc>
<doc id="6981463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981463" title="The National Jazz Festival">
The National Jazz Festival



</doc>
<doc id="6981468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981468" title="VH1's Top 20 Countdown">
VH1's Top 20 Countdown



</doc>
<doc id="6981472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981472" title="Lyon OU Rugby">
Lyon OU Rugby

Lyon Olympique Universitaire Rugby or LOU is a French professional rugby union team based in Lyon that currently competes in the Top 14, the highest level of the country's professional league system, having been most recently promoted for the 2016–17 season after winning the 2015–16 title of the second-level Pro D2. The club has bounced between the top two levels in recent years, having also been promoted in 2011 and 2014 and relegated in 2012 and 2015.
They were founded in 1896 and play in red and black. In 2011, the team left the Stade Vuillermet for the new Matmut Stadium. In 2017 the team moved to the Matmut Stadium de Gerland.
History.
"Le LOU", as it is traditionally known, is one of the oldest sports clubs in France and among the first outside Paris to have set up a rugby section. The club's original name was Racing Club, the result of a merger of the Racing Club de Vaise and the Rugby Club de Lyon. It was renamed Racing et Cercles Réunis in 1902 after several other clubs joined it, then a few months later Lyon Olympique. Finally, in 1910, it became Lyon Olympique Universitaire. The red and black were adopted in 1902.
The club developed several sections (it now has 13), one of the most successful being the rugby union section, which is now known as "LOU Rugby". The rugby club took part in three successive French championship finals (1931–33), losing the first one to Toulon (3–6) but winning the next two against Narbonne (9-3 and 10–3). It then played in lower amateur leagues until it was promoted back to the second professional division (Pro D2). In 2006–07, it had the second biggest budget of the championship and its ambition was to rejoin the Top 14 in the next two years, under the leadership of their coach Christian Lanta, who formerly led Racing Club de France, Italian club Treviso and Agen. However, they would not succeed in their promotion quest until 2011. Since then, they have been a proverbial "yo-yo team", having been either relegated or promoted four times in the six seasons since their 2011 promotion.
Current squad.
The Lyon squad for the 2024–25 season is:

</doc>
<doc id="6981475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981475" title="Lord Lamont">
Lord Lamont



</doc>
<doc id="6981476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981476" title="Luqa language">
Luqa language



</doc>
<doc id="6981477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981477" title="The National Jazz, Blues and Rock Festival">
The National Jazz, Blues and Rock Festival



</doc>
<doc id="6981480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981480" title="Keith Maurice Ellison">
Keith Maurice Ellison



</doc>
<doc id="6981481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981481" title="CMA Awards">
CMA Awards



</doc>
<doc id="6981485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981485" title="Police County">
Police County

Police County (, ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the Polish-German border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Police, which lies north of the regional capital Szczecin. The only other town in the county is Nowe Warpno, lying north-west of Police.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 64,147, out of which the population of Police is 34,284, that of Nowe Warpno is 1,170 and the rural population is 28,693.
Neighbouring counties.
Police County is bordered by the city of Świnoujście (across the Szczecin Lagoon) to the north, and by Goleniów County, the city of Szczecin and Gryfino County to the east. It also borders Germany to the west (districts Vorpommern-Greifswald and Uckermark).
There is a common bus transport system in Police and Szczecin.
Police County has road connections with:
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (two urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Nature, sights, tourist attractions and accommodation base.
Historical buildings in the area include:
Accommodation facilities are consisted mainly of hotels in Police, Trzebież, Brzózki, Mierzyn, Lubieszyn, Przecław, Przęsocin and Ustowo (hostel and inn) and agritourism farms. e.g. in Rzędziny and Kołbaskowo. Accommodation base of Nowe Warpno is a resort, marina, camping, guest house and rooms in private homes.
Further reading.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981487" title="Powiat of Police">
Powiat of Police



</doc>
<doc id="6981494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981494" title="Marionetas En La Cuerda – Sandie Shaw Canta En Español">
Marionetas En La Cuerda – Sandie Shaw Canta En Español

Marionetas en la cuerda – Sandie Shaw canta en Español is a Spanish-language album by the British singer Sandie Shaw. It is a compilation of her recordings in this language, featuring Spanish versions of many of her hits.

</doc>
<doc id="6981495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981495" title="Lord Giddens of Southgate">
Lord Giddens of Southgate



</doc>
<doc id="6981496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981496" title="Immersive environment">
Immersive environment



</doc>
<doc id="6981501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981501" title="Lord Powell of Bayswater">
Lord Powell of Bayswater



</doc>
<doc id="6981503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981503" title="Briana">
Briana



</doc>
<doc id="6981506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981506" title="Gordon/Evernham Motorsports (GEM)">
Gordon/Evernham Motorsports (GEM)



</doc>
<doc id="6981509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981509" title="Savosa">
Savosa

Savosa is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Savosa is first mentioned in 1335 as "Savoxa".
In the Middle Ages Savosa and Rovello were two separate "Vicinanza", which were under the Pieve of Lugano. The cathedral of San Lorenzo in Lugano possessed extensive lands in Rovello in the 11th and 12th centuries. In the 14th century the Bishop of Como had feudal rights in both Savosa and Rovello.
The S. Maurizio complex in Rovello, which is now part of Lugano, consisted of a farmhouse, a chapel (mentioned in 1203) and a cemetery. It was founded by the Humiliati order. In 1365 it was taken over by the Bishop of Como and the Hospital of S. Maria in Lugano. The sugar magnate Emilio Maraini purchased the complex in 1906.
Savosa was part of the parish of Lugano until 1801 when it went to the Porza parish. It became an independent parish in 1825 and was joined by Rovello and Crocifisso in 1927. The parish church of Beata Vergine Annunciata was first mentioned in 1578, was rebuilt several times in the 18th and 19th centuries and restored in 1993.
The local economy was based on agriculture, with some trade and industry, especially in the 20th century. In 1903 a nursery opened, followed in 1907 by a vineyard. In the second half of the 20th century, several companies in the real estate and construction sector settled in the hamlet of Crocifisso. The hamlets 1957 link to the city's tramway network and location near Lugano made it an attractive site. This development led to growth throughout the municipality. The high school "Gymnasium Lugano 2" was built in Savosa. In 2000, four-fifths of the working population are commuters, especially to Lugano.
Geography.
Savosa has an area, , of . Of this area, or 60.8% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 17.6% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 73.0% is settled (buildings or roads).
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 51.4% and transportation infrastructure made up 16.2%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 2.7% of the area while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 2.7%. Out of the forested land, 8.1% of the total land area is heavily forested and 9.5% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 8.1% is used for growing crops, while 1.4% is used for orchards or vine crops and 51.4% is used for alpine pastures.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, and forms the north-west part of the agglomeration of Lugano. It consists of the village of Savosa, the hamlet of Crocifisso and since 1804 part of the former municipality of Rovello.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Argent a bend sinister abased gules ensigned with a robin proper."
Demographics.
Savosa has a population () of . , 30.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -0.4%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (83.0%), with German being second most common (8.7%) and French being third (2.0%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 179 speak German, 41 people speak French, 1,710 people speak Italian, and 2 people speak Romansh. The remainder (129 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.2% male and 51.8% female. The population was made up of 647 Swiss men (30.7% of the population), and 368 (17.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 789 Swiss women (37.4%), and 303 (14.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 14 live births to Swiss citizens and 5 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 15 deaths of Swiss citizens and 5 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. There were 2 Swiss men and 3 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 26 non-Swiss men and 21 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 25 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 53 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.4%.
The age distribution, , in Savosa is; 193 children or 9.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 204 teenagers or 9.7% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 200 people or 9.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 302 people or 14.3% are between 30 and 39, 339 people or 16.1% are between 40 and 49, and 296 people or 14.0% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 257 people or 12.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 178 people or 8.4% are between 70 and 79, there are 138 people or 6.5% who are over 80.
, there were 862 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. there were 158 single family homes (or 49.5% of the total) out of a total of 319 inhabited buildings. There were 60 two family buildings (18.8%) and 55 multi-family buildings (17.2%). There were also 46 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.5%. there were 960 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 316. There were 30 single room apartments and 213 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 861 apartments (89.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 57 apartments (5.9%) were seasonally occupied and 42 apartments (4.4%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.5 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 30.83% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (22.7%), the SP (15.86%) and the Ticino League (14.34%). In the federal election, a total of 626 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 51.3%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,247 registered voters in Savosa, of which 798 or 64.0% voted. 13 blank ballots and 4 null ballots were cast, leaving 781 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 200 or 25.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 157 or 20.1%), the PLRT (with 142 or 18.2%) and the LEGA (with 104 or 13.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 4 blank ballots and 5 null ballots were cast, leaving 789 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 214 or 27.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 158 or 20.0%), the PLRT (with 134 or 17.0%) and the SSI (with 124 or 15.7%).
Economy.
, Savosa had an unemployment rate of 3.24%. , there were people employed in the primary economic sector and about businesses involved in this sector. 196 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 20 businesses in this sector. 566 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 98 businesses in this sector. There were 998 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.7% of the workforce.
, there were 727 workers who commuted into the municipality and 832 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 19.7% of the workforce coming into Savosa are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.8% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 16.1% used public transportation to get to work, and 56.2% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 1,645 or 79.8% were Roman Catholic, while 160 or 7.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 204 individuals (or about 9.90% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 52 individuals (or about 2.52% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Savosa about 74.7% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Savosa there were a total of 317 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Savosa there were 59 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 100 students attended the standard primary schools and 3 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 72 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 38 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 17 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 21 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 6 students in the professional program.
, there were 609 students in Savosa who came from another municipality, while 147 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6981510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981510" title="Queer Eye for the Straight Guy (UK)">
Queer Eye for the Straight Guy (UK)



</doc>
<doc id="6981512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981512" title="David Upthegrove">
David Upthegrove



</doc>
<doc id="6981516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981516" title="Entrainment (engineering)">
Entrainment (engineering)

In engineering, entrainment is the entrapment of one substance by another substance. For example:

</doc>
<doc id="6981518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981518" title="Upthegrove">
Upthegrove

Upthegrove is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6981521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981521" title="A Wooden Horse">
A Wooden Horse



</doc>
<doc id="6981524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981524" title="Pentax K10D">
Pentax K10D

The Pentax K10D and similar Samsung GX-10 are 10.2-megapixel digital single-lens reflex cameras launched in late 2006. They were developed in a collaboration between Pentax of Japan and Samsung of South Korea.
The K10D was announced on 13 September 2006, and released in mid-November 2006, while Samsung announced the GX-10 on 21 September 2006 and it became available on January 1, 2007. The Pentax K20D, successor to the K10D, was officially announced on January 23, 2008.
The K10D has been hailed by "Popular Photography and Imaging" magazine as "an all-star player," and was named as a finalist for their 2007 "Camera of the Year" award.
Technology and construction.
It combines a 10.2 effective megapixel CCD sensor, coupled with a 22-bit analog-to-digital converter (ADC) and a shake reduction system which also provides a dust removal feature to keep dust off the sensor surface. The K10D features a new image processor called "PRIME" (Pentax Real IMage Engine), which interfaces with DDR2 RAM, providing 800 MB/s bandwidth. The camera body is dust and weather-resistant featuring 72 seals throughout the camera.
Images can be saved in JPG, Pentax raw image format (PEF) or standard DNG format. The Pentax K10D was among the first digital cameras to support the DNG format natively.
Competition and market segment.
The K10D's feature set does not match precisely any other camera on the market. By sensor size and price it is a competitor to the Sony α 100, the Nikon D80, the Canon EOS 400D ("Digital Rebel XTi" in North America) and the Olympus E-400, all 10-megapixel DSLRs unveiled in mid- to late 2006. Of course, sensor size alone does not relate directly to any measure of quality or features, and the K10D can also be considered a competitor to higher priced cameras such as the Canon EOS 30D, and its weather sealing is only matched by the much more expensive Nikon D200, Fujifilm S5 Pro and the Canon EOS-1D Mark II N/1Ds Mark II in current production.
Lens mount and compatible lenses.
The K10D camera features the "crippled" KAF2 mount. Like the full-featured KAF2 mount, this has power contacts for the lens and supports power zoom and MTF information transferred from the lens to the body, but lacks the mechanical stop-down coupler necessary for full compatibility with the oldest Pentax K-mount lenses.
The K10D is typically sold in a bundle with Pentax's SMC-DA 18-55mm kit lens, which has received very favorable reviews compared to kit lenses from Canon and Nikon, because of its build-quality and quick-shift focus system.
In addition, the K10D supports in-lens ultrasonic focusing motors, branded SDM by Pentax. Lenses thus equipped support quieter and faster autofocus operation. Two weathersealed ultrasonic lenses, developed in co-operation with Tokina, have been released.
Like the "crippled" KAF mount used on previous Pentax digital SLRs, the "crippled" KAF2 lacks the mechanism to mechanically sense a lens's aperture ring setting. For that reason, when using the manual aperture ring on K-mount lenses, it is necessary to set the 'Use aperture ring' setting in the 'Custom Menu' to 'Permitted' and use stop-down metering mode (Pentax calls it optical preview) to ensure proper exposure. KA and KAF lenses with aperture rings are fully compatible when the aperture ring is set to automatic ('A'), giving control over the aperture to the camera body.
Samsung GX-10.
Under a partnership between Pentax and Samsung Techwin, the K10D is also available badged as the Samsung GX-10. The two cameras are virtually identical with a few small differences. The text labels for buttons are different, using a slightly smaller font, and the buttons themselves are slightly different. In addition, the hand grip is a slightly different shape, meaning the battery grip for the K10D is incompatible – however, a GX-10 battery grip is available. The firmware is quite different, using different menus and symbols, and providing no support for Pentax's PEF raw image format.
Awards.
The K10D has won a number of awards from the industry, the first being the TIPA 2007 award for the best "Expert Digital SLR". On 15 August, 2007, the K10D was announced as the winner of EISAs “European Camera of the Year 2007-2008” award.
On 17 May, Pentax announced that it had won the Japanese Camera Grand Prix 2007. Pentax later announced on 14 June, 2007, the introduction of a limited edition K10D package in commemoration of winning of the Japanese Camera Grand Prix. The package features a dark brown K10D with gold lettering and a matching battery grip. A large leather camera strap is included with the words "CAMERA GRAND PRIX 2007".
The K10D won American Photo's Editor's Choice 2007 for the Advanced Digital SLR category. (Volume 18, No. 4 July/August) 
External links.
Pentax K10D:
Samsung GX-10:
Pentax Lenses

</doc>
<doc id="6981525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981525" title="Arabari">
Arabari

Arabari or Arabari Forest Range, is the name of a forest range in the West Midnapore district of West Bengal, India. Conservation efforts were begun in 1972 by Divisional Forest Officer (Silviculture) Shri Ajit Kumar Banerjee, in an area of 1,272 ha by involving local people living around the forest boundary through a voluntary participation process. This process of greening the forest was brought about by setting up Joint Forest Management committees consisting of the local villagers and as result of their efforts a forest which was initially almost worthless became an economic boon to the villagers; the value of the forest area multiplied several times. Under this scheme the villagers actively involved with the conservation efforts in the forest derived the benefits of employment in silviculture and harvesting, sharing 25% of the profits from the forest produce and to collect firewood and fodder from the forest area on a nominal fee. This scheme is still practiced in Arabari.
Geography.
Arabari is bordered with the forests of Jhargram in West Bengal as well as other forest areas of Midnapur District. The dominant vegetation in the forest is of the hardwood sal ("Shorea robusta"), which is a coppiceable and commercially remunerative crop. The forest is categorized as part of the Upper Gangetic Plains moist deciduous forests. It is in the East Midnapore Forest Division in the former Midnapore district, now known as West Midnapore district, near Midnapore town. The core area of the forest is north of Midnapore town, and west of Calcutta.
History.
Before 1972, the Forest Department had been concerned about the degraded condition of the forests on the southwestern districts of West Bengal, as after take over of these forests from Zamindar in 1950s, they were in poor shape. The local villagers had no role in the operation and maintenance of the forests practised, which had even developed into frequent confrontations between them. This policy had prevented the villagers from deriving their sustenance from the forests. Earlier, the villagers had derived benefits of firewood, fodder, grazing of cattle, minor forest produce and even an income from sale of fuel wood. It was therefore feared that the situation would encourage militancy by Naxalites (Communist guerrilla groups in India) to become active in the area.
To remedy this situation, the Forest Department selected the degraded forest range of Arabari and involved the local villagers in its management and conservation. A.K Banerji, District Forest Officer (DFO), who was chosen for the task, actively sought out the local villagers in the neighborhood around the selected of forest area. He impressed on them the importance of forest protection and regeneration for their own benefit. He assured them that their livelihood would be protected from their participation in the conservation effort, which would be done during the lean period of their activity. He not only promised the villagers employment under the various ongoing rural employment schemes, but also allowed them to raise crops such as paddy, fodder, "sabai" grass, maize and groundnuts. He even allowed them to establish honeybee hives in the eucalyptus forest areas as a trial measure. He offered incentives to the villagers for their participation in the conservation effort by giving employment in the silviculture and harvesting operations, and also allowed them to gather firewood and fodder from the forest for a nominal charge. Villagers were also given poles for building their houses including for repairs, to make cots for sale at subsidized rates. The participating villagers were given exclusive rights to all minor forest products such as sal, kendu leaves, dry twigs, seeds. This resulted in a dramatic transformation of the forest, which had been valued as worthless to a property worth Rs 12.5 crores in 1983. The voluntary participation by the villagers was formalized in the form of a Joint Forest Management (JFM) committee, which was the first of its kind. The process has worked well and has been replicated in West Bengal from 1987 and also in the rest of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="6981528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981528" title="Pyrzyce County">
Pyrzyce County

Pyrzyce County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Pyrzyce, which lies south-east of the regional capital Szczecin. The only other town in the county is Lipiany, lying south of Pyrzyce.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 39,931, out of which the population of Pyrzyce is 12,642, that of Lipiany is 4,124, and the rural population is 23,165.
Neighbouring counties.
Pyrzyce County is bordered by Stargard County to the north, Myślibórz County to the south and Gryfino County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (two urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981529" title="Powiat of Pyrzyce">
Powiat of Pyrzyce



</doc>
<doc id="6981539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981539" title="Gryfice County">
Gryfice County

Gryfice County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the Baltic coast. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Gryfice, which lies north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. The county also contains the towns of Trzebiatów, lying north of Gryfice, and Płoty, south of Gryfice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 60,773, out of which the population of Gryfice is 16,702, that of Trzebiatów is 10,113, that of Płoty is 4,142, and the rural population is 29,816.
Neighbouring counties.
Gryfice County is bordered by Kołobrzeg County to the east, Łobez County to the south-east, Goleniów County to the south-west and Kamień County to the west. It also borders the Baltic Sea to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (three urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981540" title="Powiat of Gryfice">
Powiat of Gryfice



</doc>
<doc id="6981541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981541" title="Terence Boylan">
Terence Boylan

Terence Curtin Boylan (born 1946) is an American singer-songwriter.
Brought up in Buffalo, New York, Terence Boylan first appeared on local radio in the late 1950s performing a song he had written at the age of 11. While still in his mid teens, in the early 1960s, he performed in Greenwich Village and, following a chance meeting with Bob Dylan, was encouraged to pursue a solo music career in upstate New York. He attended Bard College in New York and, with his older brother John, formed a band, the Ginger Men. By 1967, they had both signed with Verve Records, for whom they then recorded an experimental concept album, "Playback", issued in the name of the Appletree Theatre.
After John Boylan moved to California, Terence stayed in New York City, returned to college, and played with classmates Walter Becker and Donald Fagen. With them, he cut a solo LP, "Alias Boona" in 1969, the title referring to his nickname. He then moved to California, working again with his brother. After a few years he was signed to Asylum Records, and he recorded his self-titled second album in 1977. Like his previous record, this was well received by critics but was never more than a cult success. However, Boylan did enjoy some success as a songwriter when Iain Matthews turned his song "Shake It" into a top five hit.
Following a third album, "Suzy", Boylan has principally involved himself with songwriting and soundtrack work, and his own record label and publishing company, Spinnaker Records.
At the age of nine, Boylan sent a letter to the U.S. National Institutes of Health requesting a $10 "grant" to build a rocket ship. The peer review panel was so impressed with the young boy's initiative that they each contributed money to total $10 to send to Boylan. He has since been a big supporter of science, science education, and medical research. He is executive director of the John Boylan Medical Research Foundation which supports research and international scientist exchange fellowships and serves as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Mount Desert Island Biological Lab. Boylan has also supported children's educational programs at the Center for Scientific Review at the U.S. National Institutes of Health.

</doc>
<doc id="6981551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981551" title="Davenport Rail Bridge">
Davenport Rail Bridge



</doc>
<doc id="6981563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981563" title="Gryfino County">
Gryfino County

Gryfino County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the German border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Gryfino, which lies south of the regional capital Szczecin. The county contains five other towns: Chojna, south of Gryfino, Mieszkowice, south of Gryfino, Trzcińsko-Zdrój, south of Gryfino, Cedynia, south-west of Gryfino, and Moryń, south of Gryfino.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 82,813, out of which the population of Gryfino is 21,478, that of Chojna is 7,187, that of Mieszkowice is 3,553, that of Trzcińsko-Zdrój is 2,496, that of Cedynia is 1,653, that of Moryń is 1,570, and the rural population is 44,876.
Neighbouring counties.
Gryfino County is bordered by Police County and the city of Szczecin to the north, Stargard County and Pyrzyce County to the east, and Myślibórz County to the south-east. It also borders Germany to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (six urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6981565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981565" title="Powiat of Gryfino">
Powiat of Gryfino



</doc>
<doc id="6981579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981579" title="Jade MacRae (Album)">
Jade MacRae (Album)



</doc>
<doc id="6981582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981582" title="Cabo Corrientes, Mexico">
Cabo Corrientes, Mexico



</doc>
<doc id="6981583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981583" title="Kołobrzeg County">
Kołobrzeg County

Kołobrzeg County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the Baltic coast. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is Kołobrzeg, which lies on the coast north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. Its only other town is Gościno.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population was 76,089, out of which the population of Kołobrzeg was 44,794 and the rural population was 31,295.
Neighbouring counties.
Kołobrzeg County is bordered by Koszalin County to the east, Białogard County to the south-east, Świdwin County and Łobez County to the south, and Gryfice County to the south-west. It also borders the Baltic Sea to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into seven gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981584" title="Powiat of Kołobrzeg">
Powiat of Kołobrzeg



</doc>
<doc id="6981585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981585" title="Gorham's Cave">
Gorham's Cave

Gorham's Cave (, ) is a sea-level cave in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar. Though not a sea cave, it is often mistaken for one. Considered to be one of the last known habitations of the Neanderthals in Europe, the cave gives its name to the Gorham's Cave complex, which is a combination of four distinct caves of such importance that they are combined into a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the only one in Gibraltar. The three other caves are Vanguard Cave, Hyaena Cave, and Bennett's Cave.
It is located at Governor's Beach on the southeastern face of the Rock of Gibraltar. When first inhabited some 55,000 years ago, it would have been approximately from the shore, but, due to changes in sea level, it is now only a few metres from the Mediterranean Sea.
Discovery.
The cave is named after Captain A. Gorham of the 2nd Battalion Royal Munster Fusiliers, who discovered it in 1907 while opening a fissure at the rear of a sea cavern. Gorham inscribed his name and the date of his discovery in lamp-black on the wall of the cave, which has borne his name ever since. After this initial discovery, it seems the cave was forgotten—at least at an official level—as Gibraltarian historian and potholer George Palao recalls an inscription on the cave wall that read "J. J. Davies 1943".
Description.
Gorham's Cave is a cave situated on the east side of Gibraltar a few meters above sea level which has formed in Jurassic limestone. Total length of this cave is approximately and at the entrance it is approximately high. Farther inside, the cave becomes narrower and turns at approximately 90 degrees. From the entrance of the cave, the view opens onto the Alboran Sea. It is possible that after further research, the cave will become longer.
Archaeology.
Discovery and early work.
Gorham's Cave has been a site of archaeological interest since its importance was first recognised. The beach below the cave (Governor's Beach) had been inaccessible from the cliffs above; however, after one episode of a tunnelling project in the rock, the beach and cave became accessible due to the pile of spoil that was created.
Royal Engineers Keighley and Ward were the first to report artefacts of archaeological interest in the cave via the Gibraltar newspapers. They had found pottery and stone tools. Moreover, they reported that human and animal remains had been discovered in Gorham's cave. Rev. F. E. Brown of the Gibraltar Society reported these findings to the governor of Gibraltar who requested further investigations after a site visit. These investigations were reported to the British Museum for their deliberation.
Lieutenant George Baker Alexander, Royal Engineer and a graduate geologist from the University of Cambridge, arrived in Gibraltar in 1945. He decided to make a geological survey of Gibraltar that resulted in a detailed geological map. Alexander was the first to excavate Gorham’s Cave, before his departure from Gibraltar in 1948 after the Gibraltar Museum challenged his methods. There are no preserved materials about these excavations.
In 1945, the governor wrote to the British Museum requesting that they continue further explorations of the cave. The museum had no resources, however, so they forwarded his enquiry to Professor Dorothy Garrod at Cambridge, who had found a Neanderthal skull at Devil's Tower Cave during her earlier work in Gibraltar in the 1920s. Garrod sought the assistance of Dr. John d'Arcy Waechter, a fellow of the British Institute of Archaeology at Ankara. Waechter arrived in September 1948 and spent two months digging test pits to see if further excavation would be justified. Waechter's success resulted in his return in June 1950. He went back to England in 1951, without concluding the work and returned from February to July 1952. During a final visit in 1954 he successfully requested financial assistance from the local government to complete his work.
In September 2021, archaeologists from the Gibraltar National Museum led by Prof Clive Finlayson announced the discovery of a 40,000 year-old Neanderthal cave chamber in the Gorham's Cave Complex, including a carving that may have been early Neanderthal artwork.
Periods, dates, human species.
Excavation of this site has resulted in the discovery of four layers of stratigraphy, one below the other:
Accelerator mass spectrometry (AMS) dating gives dates for level IV of between 33 and 23 thousand years before the present (kyr BP)—the researchers felt that the uncertainties at this time depth made calibration impractical. They suggest occupation until at least 28 kyr BP and possibly 24 kyr BP.
No fossil remains have been found that would allow identification pointing to either Neanderthal or anatomically modern human inhabitants, nor associated with findings of a modern human in a site at nearby Abrigo do Lagar Velho, Portugal of 24,500 years ago who may have featured Neanderthal genetic admixtures, although Mousterian culture normally is identified with Neanderthals in Europe.
Scratched floor.
In July 2012, the floor of the cave was found to be deeply scratched. Researchers uncovered a series of criss-crossing lines over ~1 m2 (11 sq ft), cut into the surface of a ledge about from its entrance. The scratches consist of eight lines arranged in two groups of three long lines and intersected by two shorter ones, which has been used to suggest it is a symbol. The scratches are thought to be at least 39,000 years old, because they were found below a layer of undisturbed sediment of that age in which hundreds of Neanderthal stone tools were discovered.
The attribution of the scratches to Neanderthals is disputed. Matt Pope of University College London cautions that "linking them directly to Neanderthal populations, or proving Neanderthals made them without any contact with modern humans is harder. The dates were indirectly obtained and refer to the material from within sediments covering the scratches and not the marks themselves. Given the dates also span a period when we know modern humans have reached Europe, a period where we have unresolved 'transitional' archaeological evidence difficult to attribute to either population, I'd be cautious in accepting Neanderthal authorship." Harold Dibble of the University of Pennsylvania also questioned the accuracy of the dating. He suggests that the scratches could have been made by modern humans and subsequently been covered by older sediments shifting within the cave.
Nevertheless, it has been described as "abstract art" by Joaquín Rodríguez-Vidal of the University of Huelva, for whom it is "the first directly demonstrable example of an abstract work, carried out consistently and with care and requiring prolonged and concentrated work, that has been produced in a cave." He claims that "creating paintings or carvings in caves is seen as a cognitive step in human development. This behaviour was considered exclusive to modern humans and has been used as an argument to distinguish our direct ancestors from ancient man, including Neanderthals."
The issue of the artistic abilities of Neanderthals has been a long-running topic of controversy. Other alleged examples of Neanderthal art have been found in other caves in Europe, including motifs in Spain, and possible "jewellery" in France.
The team researching the Gorham's Cave scratches sought to determine whether it might have been produced accidentally, for example as a by-product of using the rock as a surface for cutting meat or fur. They carried out experiments with tools similar to those that would have been available at the time to carve grooves into blocks of similar dolomite rock, to identify how the scratches might have been made. They decided that the lines were most likely created by using a pointed tool or cutting edge to scrape repeatedly along, and deepen, an existing groove, taking as many as 300 strokes and requiring at least an hour's work. In addition, the scratches are in what would have been a very visible location and would have been immediately noticeable to anyone entering the cave.
Those who claim it has symbolic meaning cannot explain what it would have meant. Clive Finlayson of the Gibraltar Museum notes that "the engraving is at the point in the cave where the cave's orientation changes by 90 degrees" and speculates whether the scratches were related to the location: "It's almost like Clapham Junction, like it's showing an intersection. I'm speculating, but it does make you wonder whether it has something to do with mapping, or saying: 'This is where you are'." Francesco d'Errico, the director of research at CRNS, comments: "It's in a fixed location so, for example, it could be something to indicate to other Neanderthals visiting the cave that somebody was already using it, or that there was a group that owned that cave." Harrold Dibble comments that "It takes more than a few scratches—deliberate or not—to identify symbolic behaviour on the part of Neanderthals."
UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Gorham's Cave gives its name to the Gorham's Cave complex, which is a grouping of four distinct caves of such importance that they are combined into a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The three other caves are the nearby Vanguard Cave, the Hyaena Cave, and Bennett's Cave.
In November 2010, the Gorham's Cave complex was put forward to compete for a nomination as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Professor Clive Finlayson, director of the Gibraltar Museum, was responsible for co-ordinating the efforts to obtain this nomination. The first step was a proposal to the United Kingdom cultural authorities to get Gorham's Cave complex added to the UK's World Heritage tentative list. Such a list is revised every ten years, and the process for a new list was ongoing at the date of the submission.
The ownership of land associated with Gorham's Cave was passed from the UK Ministry of Defence to the government of Gibraltar in 2011. The agreement swapped this MOD land and more than 300 MOD houses with the government of Gibraltar, who in exchange agreed to build 90 new houses on remaining MOD land.
In May 2012 Gorham's Cave complex was on the short list of two sites, along with the Forth Rail Bridge, that was forwarded for submission to UNESCO. The site was inscribed by UNESCO as a World Heritage site on 15 July 2016, and is Gibraltar's only World Heritage site.
Fauna.
The Gorham's Cave Complex is home to various species of bat, among them the European free-tailed bat.
The cave complex also forms the largest wintering roost of Eurasian crag martins in the world, peaking at 12,000 birds in the 2020-2021 winter season, making up 1–2% of the entire European population of this species.

</doc>
<doc id="6981586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981586" title="Kolobrzeg County">
Kolobrzeg County



</doc>
<doc id="6981588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981588" title="Yash Birla">
Yash Birla



</doc>
<doc id="6981594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981594" title="The camel's nose">
The camel's nose



</doc>
<doc id="6981597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981597" title="Opening logos of the MGM cartoon department">
Opening logos of the MGM cartoon department



</doc>
<doc id="6981602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981602" title="Goleniów County">
Goleniów County

Goleniów County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Goleniów, which lies north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. The county also contains the towns of Nowogard, lying north-east of Goleniów, and Maszewo, south-east of Goleniów.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 78,738, out of which the population of Goleniów is 22,448, that of Nowogard is 16,745, that of Maszewo is 3,073, and the rural population is 36,472.
Neighbouring counties.
Goleniów County is bordered by Kamień County and Gryfice County to the north, Łobez County to the east, Stargard County to the south, the city of Szczecin to the south-west, Police County to the west, and the city of Świnoujście (across the Szczecin Lagoon) to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (three urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6981604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981604" title="Powiat of Goleniów">
Powiat of Goleniów



</doc>
<doc id="6981606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981606" title="Goleniow County">
Goleniow County



</doc>
<doc id="6981614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981614" title="A Kid for Two Farthings (novel)">
A Kid for Two Farthings (novel)

A Kid for Two Farthings is a 1953 novel by the British writer Wolf Mankowitz, based on the author's experiences of growing up within a Jewish community in London's East End.
The title is a reference to the traditional Passover song, Chad Gadya, which begins "One little goat which my father bought for two zuzim". At the end of the film version, Mr Kandinsky softly sings fragments of an English translation of the song.
Plot introduction.
In an East London working class community of small shops, open-air vendors and flea-marketers, Joe, a small boy, lives with his mother, Rebecca, who works rooms above the Kandinsky tailor shop. Joe is innocently and earnestly determined to help realize the wishes of his poor, hard-working neighbours. Hearing from Mr Kandinsky the tale that a captured unicorn will grant any wish, Joe uses his accumulated pocket change to buy a kid with an emerging horn, believing it to be a unicorn. His subsequent efforts to make dreams come true exemplify the power of hope and will amidst hardship.
Adaptations.
A film version directed by Carol Reed was released in 1955 with an adapted screenplay by Mankowitz. A musical play based on the novel was presented at the Bridewell Theatre in London in 1996 by the Mercury Workshop, starring Ron Moody as Kandinsky. Music was by Cyril Ornadel with lyrics by Philip Glassborow and book by Glassborow and Robert Meadwell.

</doc>
<doc id="6981620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981620" title="No Red Indian">
No Red Indian



</doc>
<doc id="6981623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981623" title="Sławno County">
Sławno County

Sławno County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the Baltic coast. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the town of Sławno, which lies north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. The only other town in the county is Darłowo, lying on the coast west of Sławno.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 57,643, out of which the population of Darłowo is 14,380, that of Sławno is 13,314, and the rural population is 29,949.
Neighbouring counties.
Sławno County is bordered by Słupsk County to the east and Koszalin County to the south-west. It also borders the Baltic Sea to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (two urban and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981624" title="Powiat of Sławno">
Powiat of Sławno



</doc>
<doc id="6981625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981625" title="Slawno County">
Slawno County



</doc>
<doc id="6981627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981627" title="NYPD Blue season 4">
NYPD Blue season 4

The fourth season of "NYPD Blue" premiered on ABC on October 15, 1996, and concluded on May 20, 1997.
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981636" title="Nicolas Fauvergue">
Nicolas Fauvergue

Nicolas Fauvergue (born 13 October 1984) is a retired French professional footballer who played as a forward.
Career.
On 5 August 2009, RC Strasbourg signed Fauverge on loan from OSC Lille. On 23 June 2010, CS Sedan Ardennes signed him on loan for a year from OSC Lille, with a call option.
In June 2014, after winning the Ligue 2 with Metz in the previous season, he signed a two-year contract with relegated side AC Ajaccio.
On 28 August 2015, Fauvergue left AC Ajaccio in order to sign for Paris FC.
Honours.
Lille

</doc>
<doc id="6981639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981639" title="Favours in the Beetroot Fields">
Favours in the Beetroot Fields



</doc>
<doc id="6981645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981645" title="Sathruvu">
Sathruvu

Sathruvu () is a 1991 Indian Telugu-language crime thriller film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna and produced by M. S. Raju under Sumanth Art Productions. It stars Venkatesh, Vijayashanti, and Kota Srinivasa Rao with music composed by Raj–Koti.
Released on 2 January 1991, the film received positive reviews and was successful at the box office. The film was remade in Kannada as "Nanna Shathru" (1992) and in Hindi as "Vijeta" (1996).
Plot.
Ashok is an advocate who works as a junior along with his two friends Raghava and Bhaskar for advocate Durga Prasad, who always fights for Justice. Durga Prasad and his wife Lakshmi treat them as their own children. Venkataratnam is a powerful contractor who has the entire system in his hands. Once, Venkataratnam cheats the Govt. by saying that he has constructed the hostel for poor people without doing it, just showing it on papers. Durga Prasad takes up the case and gathers all the proofs against him. Venkataratnam threatens Durga Prasad a lot who does not yield to it. Finally, Venkataratnam kills Durga Prasad and his wife Lakshmi in front of the court and destroys all the evidence. Before dying, Durga Prasad takes a word from Ashok, that he should win this case under any circumstances. Ashok gives respect to his words and takes up the case, but he fails to get the case admitted because there is no evidence. In that frustration, Ashok reacts on Venkataratnam publicly in court. Finally, he is suspended from the court and arrested.
Now Ashok decides to take revenge against Venkataratnam and his gang. He eliminates Venkataratnam's men one by one which creates fear to Venkataratnam. So he sends his henchmen DIG Prakash Rao to hand over the case to ACP Vijaya, who was none other than Ashok's lover in his college days. Both of them challenge each other. Ashok challenges to complete his mission, while Vijaya challenges that she will stop him under any circumstance. During the process, Vijaya finds out that DIG works for Venkataratnam and collects all the proof for Venkatratnam's arrest. When she gets ready to arrest them, they plan to kill her. Ashok comes to her rescue and eliminates Venkataratnam and his entire gang. Finally, Ashok successfully completes his mission and the movie ends.
Production.
M. S. Raju provided the basic story idea of the film and he chose Satya Murthy as the writer and together worked to develop the story line. The team hired Vijaya Shanti as heroine. During the making of the film, Vijayashanti had the film "Karthavyam". Venky had two other films - "Dhruva Nakshatram" and "Bobbili Raja" - released at the same time. Initially, Kodi Rama Krishna opted for a newcomer for Kota's character, but Raju convinced Kodi Rama Krishna to take Kota for that character.
Soundtrack.
Music composed by Raj–Koti. Music released on CAUVERY Audio Company.

</doc>
<doc id="6981646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981646" title="Wałcz County">
Wałcz County

Wałcz County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Wałcz, which lies east of the regional capital Szczecin. The county contains three other towns: Mirosławiec, west of Wałcz, Człopa, south-west of Wałcz, and Tuczno, south-west of Wałcz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 54,639, out of which the population of Wałcz is 26,140, that of Mirosławiec is 2,633, that of Człopa is 2,390, that of Tuczno is 1,965, and the rural population is 21,511.
Neighbouring counties.
Wałcz County is bordered by Złotów County to the east, Piła County to the south-east, Czarnków-Trzcianka County to the south, Strzelce-Drezdenko County to the south-west, Choszczno County to the west and Drawsko County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban, three urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6981647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981647" title="Powiat of Wałcz">
Powiat of Wałcz



</doc>
<doc id="6981648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981648" title="Walcz County">
Walcz County



</doc>
<doc id="6981649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981649" title="KSR-5">
KSR-5

The KSR-5, also designated as the Kh-26 (NATO reporting name AS-6 Kingfish) was a long-range, air-launched cruise missile and anti-ship missile developed by the Soviet Union. 
It was essentially a scaled down version of the Kh-22 'Kitchen', primarily carried by the Tupolev Tu-16 bomber.
Background.
In the early 1960s the development of new nuclear-capable strategic bombers came into a virtual halt in the Soviet Union, with the focus being shifted on nuclear ballistic missiles and developing cruise missiles for existing aircraft. Developments in jet fighters and surface-to-air missiles during the 1950s made the use of nuclear free-fall bombs impractical against densely protected targets while missiles gave bombers the possibility of striking targets beyond the range of enemy anti-aircraft weapons.
Description.
Developed in the late 1960s, the KRS-5 (also designated as the Kh-26) is an improved version of the Kh-22 missile, designed to be smaller, lighter and with a smaller radar signature. According to "Janes", it was designed jointly by the Tupolev and Mikoyan Design Bureaus. It was developed as a conventional anti-ship missile and a nuclear cruise missile capable of striking ground targets. Originally designed to be carried on the Tu-22 "Blinder", it was primarily mounted on the Tu-16 "Badger", but it could also be mounted on Tu-22M "Backfire" and Tu-95M "Bear" aircraft as well.
The missile had a maximum range of and cruise speed of Mach 3 when released from high altitude and range and cruise speed of Mach 2 when launched at low altitude.
Operational history.
The KSR-5 entered service in 1969, with later versions designed to be carried in the Tu-95 and Tu-95M being introduced in 1973 and 1976 respectively. In June 1991, it was estimated that the Soviet Union had 300 missiles carried on Badger-G bombers.
Following the dissolution of the Soviet Union, the remaining missiles were used by Russia and possibly Ukraine until 1994. With the retirement of the Tu-16, the nuclear versions of the KSR-2 and KSR-5 missiles were retired by 1993. In 1991, it was estimated Russia had about 100 missiles in its inventory, but most were converted into supersonic targets.

</doc>
<doc id="6981650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981650" title="Strange Communication">
Strange Communication



</doc>
<doc id="6981652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981652" title="Stan Atkinson">
Stan Atkinson

 Stan Atkinson (November 11, 1932 – May 25, 2025) was an American television news reporter and anchor.
Career.
Stan Atkinson studied journalism at Pasadena City College before serving in the U.S. Army as a Fort Ord Division faculty member, teaching 20,000 trainees. He was a documentary producer, writer, and director for David Wolper Productions, a reporter and anchorman in the San Francisco Bay Area, and NBC Los Angeles, where he covered the Tate-LaBianca murders and the trial of Charles Manson. 
For over twenty years, he became the most popular news figure in the nation's 19th-largest television market. The Sacramento Bee called him "The Man Who Owns Sacramento." He was an award-winning reporter who regularly traveled to the world's most turbulent places to bring a deeper insight to the local evening news. In 31 assignments, he covered 18 countries in crisis. His work was often featured on national television. 
He selected all of his assignments himself, many of them dangerous, such as being chased by a Soviet helicopter gunship in Afghanistan, held up and robbed by guerrillas in El Salvador, and shot at in Cambodia. Stan also covered the presence of U.S. forces in Bosnia, reported on Hong Kong's reunification with China, went to Baghdad and Kuwait before and after Operation Desert Storm, covered the withdrawal of American forces from Somalia, and on his third assignment to South Africa, Stan covered the remarkable transition of South Africa as their citizens voted in the country's first all-race, democratic election. 
Atkinson also has a long history with Vietnam. He was there in 1961 and 1962 when it was still "The Dirty Little War" in the south, and in 1987, he took former Green Beret Captain (the late B.T. Collins) back to Vietnam.
Stan Atkinson retired in July 1999 after 46 years in television and radio. He was the principal news anchor and reporter for KCRA 3 Sacramento for 23 years. Then, he spent 5 years at KOVR 13 anchoring and reporting on the weekday newscasts.
Recognition.
Due to his journalism and community work, Atkinson was honored by the State Legislature, the Sacramento County Board of Supervisors, the Sacramento City Council, and the Congressional Record. Stan also received many awards, including the Sacramento Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce's "Sacramentan of the Year," a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Sacramento Regional Foundation, the World Affairs Council Award for International Reporting, and the Albert and Mary Lasker Award for Medical Journalism.
He was one of 25 reporters selected for the prestigious Ford Foundation Journalism Fellowship at Stanford University in 1967. He won three Emmys for his two assignments inside Afghanistan and another for a documentary he produced while covering Somalia in 1981. Atkinson also received Distinguished Service Medals from both the Afghan and Angolan Freedom Fighters.
In 2016, the Northern California chapter of the National TV Academy presented him with the Governor's Award. The award is given to an individual for outstanding achievement in television that is either cumulative or so extraordinary and universal as to be beyond the realm of the regular achievement awards presented by the Academy. He was among the first selectees to be named to the TV Academy's Silver Circle as a television pioneer.
Atkinson was the 1989 George Washington Medal for Individual Achievement winner from the Freedom Foundation in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania. He also received the World Affairs Council Award for International Reporting and the 1961 Albert and Mary Lasker Award for Medical Journalism.
Charity work.
Stan Atkinson's community service work in Sacramento began in 1960, when he joined the boards of the Mental Health Association and the Family Service Agency. He also served on the boards or advisory councils of 11 other charitable organizations. 
During retirement, he remained active in community affairs, helping raise money for charities and as a TV/radio spokesperson for several companies.
Atkinson, through his Stan Atkinson Foundation, partnered with the River Cat's baseball team, the East Sacramento Rotary, and Michael Ubaldi plus many volunteers to raise $2 million to build River Cat's Independence Field, a multi-use sports and recreation facility for disabled youth, adults, and wounded warrior groups. The project centers on a specially-applied surface, which provides traction but is soft, thus preventing injuries during softball, basketball, soccer, or tag football games.
He was co-founder and host of the Stan Atkinson Golf Classic for its five-year run. The event, in partnership with the Stan Atkinson Foundation, raised more than $300,000 for five area community causes.
Atkinson also served the Gold Rush Classic, an annual stop on the Senior PGA tour, as tournament director of community relations and as a member of the Classic's Board of Directors.
In 2004, he was named to the SAY Golf Hall of Fame, along with Kevin Sutherland, Al Geiberger, Tommy LoPresti, and Beth Hightower, for the money he helped raise over the years through and for youth golf and the community at large.
In 2001, Atkinson was the Chair of the Mercy Foundation. This multi-million dollar fund supports three dozen charitable and essential community projects related to the Sisters of Mercy's work. He was on the Foundation's board for 27 years.
In his lifetime, he helped raise more than $8 million for area agencies and charities.
Personal life and death.
Atkinson resided in Sacramento and contributed to the community until his death on May 25, 2025, at the age of 92.
He was the father of four sons: Brad, Lance Atkinson (who preceded him in death), Mike, and Alex, and a daughter, Sarah, plus the stepfather of Griffen and Alyson McCann and David and Adam Laverine. He was the proud grandfather of 14 and great-grandfather of 18.
In honor of his son Lance Atkinson, who died suddenly at 34 of undetermined causes in April 1994, the Lance Atkinson Scholarship was established at the Business School of California State University, Sacramento. Stan's friends staged a retirement party that raised $100,000 which established the scholarship. Eight students have received full-ride assistance from the fund.

</doc>
<doc id="6981653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981653" title="Endangered species recovery plan">
Endangered species recovery plan

An endangered species recovery plan, also known as a species recovery plan, species action plan, species conservation action, or simply recovery plan, is a document describing the current status, threats and intended methods for increasing rare and endangered species population sizes. Recovery plans act as a foundation from which to build a conservation effort to preserve animals which are under threat of extinction. More than 320 species have died out and the world is continuing a rate of 1 species becoming extinct every two years. Climate change is also linked to several issues relating to extinct species and animals' quality of life.
History.
The United States Congress said in 1973 that endangered species "are of aesthetic, ecological, educational, historical, recreational, and scientific value to the Nation and its people." They therefore set laws to protect endangered species. Section 4(f) of the United States Endangered Species Act from 1973 directs the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce to develop and implement recovery plans to promote the conservation of endangered and threatened species.
The Species Survival Commission's Specialist Groups of the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has created Species Action Plans since at least the mid-1980s, which are used to outline the conservation strategies of species, normally between set dates.
In June 2021, the IUCN produced their Global Species Action Plan (GSAP) "Briefing Paper", to prepare for the introduction of the GSAP at the IUCN World Conservation Congress in September 2021. This plan "brings together an outline of the species conservation actions required to implement the Post-2020 Global Biodiversity Framework, with supporting tools and guidelines", and aims to reach targets set for 2030.
Aims and functions.
Recovery plans set out the research and management actions necessary to stop the decline of, and support the recovery of, listed threatened species or threatened ecosystems. The aim of the plan is to maximise the long-term survival in the wild of a threatened species or ecosystems.
Methods.
Either a single species or an area, habitat or ecosystem can be targeted by the recovery plan.
One method of conserving a species is to conserve the habitat that the species is found in. In this process, there is no target species for conservation, but rather the habitat as a whole is protected and managed, often with a view to returning the habitat to a more natural state. In theory, this method of conservation can be beneficial because it allows for the entire ecosystem and the many species within to benefit from conservation, rather than just the single target species.
The IUCN stated in 2016 that there is evidence that area-based approaches do not have enough focus on individual species to protect them sufficiently.
By country or region.
Australia.
In Australia, the Minister for the Environment may make or adopt and implement recovery plans for threatened fauna, flora and ecosystems listed under the Commonwealth "Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999" (EPBC Act), after consultation with the relevant minister in each state, the Threatened Species Scientific Committee, and members of the public.
"Recovery plans should state what must be done to protect and restore important populations of threatened species and habitat, as well as how to manage and reduce threatening processes. Recovery plans achieve this aim by providing a planned and logical framework for key interest groups and responsible government agencies to coordinate their work to improve the plight of threatened species and/or ecological communities."
Europe.
Since 2008, the European Commission has supported the development of Species Action Plans for selected species. The documents "are intended to be used as a tool for identifying and prioritising measures to restore the populations of these species across their range within the EU. They provide information about the status, ecology, threats and current conservation measures for each species and list the key actions that are required to improve their conservation status in Europe. Each Plan is the result of an extensive process of consultation with individual experts in Europe".
United States.
In the US, the Endangered Species Act of 1973 requires that all species considered endangered must have a plan implemented for their recovery. The Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) National Marine Fisheries Service are responsible for administering the act. In 1983, a recovery plan for "Aconitum noveboracense" was approved, became the first plant taxon to have an implemented recovery plan. The recovery plan is a document which specifies what research and management actions are necessary to support recovery, but does not itself commit manpower or funds. Recovery plans are used in setting funding priorities and provide direction to local, regional, and state planning efforts. Recovery is when the threats to species survival are neutralized and the species will be able to survive in the wild.
In the US, a recovery plan must contain at least:
Optionally, it may contain the following sections: 
Implementation.
Adaptive management.
When recovery plans are carried out well, they do not simply act as stop gaps to prevent extinction, but can restore species to a state of health so they are self-sustaining. There is evidence to suggest that the best plans are adaptive and dynamic, responding to changing conditions. However, adaptive management requires the system to be constantly monitored so that changes are identified. Surprisingly this is frequently not done, even for species that have already been red listed. The species must be monitored throughout the recovery period (and beyond) to ensure that the plan is working as intended. The framework for this monitoring should be planned before the start of the implementation, and the details included in the recovery plan. Information on how and when the data will be collected should be supplied.
Endangered species definitions.
IUCN.
The IUCN has categories that it uses to classify species, which are widely used in conservation. These are:
US.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has 17 categories of species status. These categories are used in the documents produced for the U.S. Endangered species act. The categories include:
Further reading.
• Alagona, Peter S. 2020. "After the Grizzly: Endangered Species and the Politics of Place in California". University of California Press, ISBN 9780520355545
• Greenwald, N., Ando, A., Butchart, S. "et al." Conservation: The Endangered Species Act at 40. "Nature" 504, 369–370 (2013). https://doi.org/10.1038/504369a
• Martin, Laura J. 2022. "Wild by Design: The Rise of Ecological Restoration". Harvard University Press, ISBN 9780674979420

</doc>
<doc id="6981656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981656" title="Charles Frederick Millspaugh">
Charles Frederick Millspaugh

Charles Frederick Millspaugh (June 20, 1854 – September 15, 1923) was an American botanist, botanical illustrator, and physician. He was the founding curator of botany at the Field Museum of Natural History from 1897 until his death, where he was instrumental in collecting and organizing the museum's vast botanical collections.
Life and career.
Millspaugh was born in Ithaca, New York, on June 20, 1854. He was a nephew of Ezra Cornell, founder of Cornell University. Millspaugh attended Cornell from 1872 to 1875 and then New York Homeopathic Medical College, earning his medical degree in 1881. He practiced medicine in Binghamton, New York, until 1890. Drawn to botany since a chance meeting in his youth with Louis Agassiz, he decided to change careers.
From 1891 to 1892, Millspaugh taught botany at West Virginia University. In 1894 he was appointed as the newly established Field Museum of Natural History's first Curator of Botany, a position he held until his death. He collected and indexed the museum's vast botanical collections. From 1897 to 1923 he served as professor of medical botany at the Chicago Homeopathic Medical College. He also taught botany at the University of Chicago, first as a lecturer in 1895 and later as associate professor of economic botany. He was a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) and a member of the Torrey Botanical Society and the Explorers Club.
Millspaugh conducted explorations throughout the United States and Mexico, the West Indies, Brazil, and other parts of South America. He wrote and illustrated the magisterial "American Medicinal Plants" (1887), published in ten volumes with 180 full-color plates that he painted himself. He also wrote "Flora of West Virginia" (1896), "Contribution I–III to the Coastal and Plain Flora of Yucatán" (1895–1898), "Flora of Santa Catalina Island" (1923), and many articles in scientific and popular journals. He was a skilled scientific illustrator and artist, producing the majority of the illustrations for his publications.
The genera "Millspaughia" B.L.Rob. and "Neomillspaughia" S.F.Blake (Polygonaceae) were named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6981661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981661" title="Gill Robb Wilson">
Gill Robb Wilson

Gill Robb Wilson (September 18, 1892 – September 8, 1966) was an American pilot, Presbyterian minister, and military advocate. Wilson was a founder of the Civil Air Patrol.
Early life.
Wilson was born in Clarion County, Pennsylvania to the Rev. Gill Irwin Wilson and Amanda E. Robb, on September 18, 1892.
World War I.
Motivated by youthful idealism and a deep sense of responsibility, Gill Robb and his brother Volney traveled to France to assist the Allied war effort. After initially driving ambulances he became a member of the Lafayette Flying Corps (not the Lafayette Escadrille). His service for the French was with French Escadrille Br. 117. He is also reported to have served with the 163d Aero Squadron
The ministry.
A son of a Presbyterian minister, Gill Robb Wilson followed in his father's footsteps after the Great War. He attended seminary in Pittsburgh and was ordained into a forerunner of the current Presbyterian Church, (USA). During his upbringing and training for the ministry, Gill Robb acquired an accomplished skill with the spoken and written word. This training would serve him well in later years. He was installed as Pastor of the Fourth Presbyterian Church of Trenton, New Jersey. During this pastorate (in 1927), Gill Robb Wilson was named Chaplain of the American Legion. After the death of his first wife and second child, he suffered the loss of his voice. Doctors required complete silence if his voice was to have the chance of ever coming back. It was at this point that he left the leadership of the Fourth Presbyterian Church of Trenton where he had enjoyed a fruitful ministry.
Professional life.
Drawing upon his extensive experience in aviation and good standing in Trenton, New Jersey, the Hon. Gill Robb Wilson became Director of Aeronautics for the State of New Jersey in 1930 and served in this role until 1944. As such, he shared in oversight of the Lakehurst landing field and participated as a member of the Inquiry Board (appointed by the U.S. Secretary of Commerce) related to the crash of the zeppelin Hindenburg. He saw a need and imagined the possibilities for aviation in America. Crucial to those possibilities was the Civil Air Patrol. He promoted and fostered that dream, becoming the first director of the Civil Air Patrol. In 1939 he became the very first member of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association (AOPA) which is now the world's largest general aviation association with approximately 400,000 members. He also served as the editor of AOPA's first publication. He witnessed the test of the atomic bomb on Bikini Island. It is likely after effects of this event contributed to illness that later led to his death.
Writing career.
Combining his love of aviation and skill with the pen, Gill Robb Wilson was an early editor of Flying Magazine. In World War II, he was a correspondent for the Herald Tribune. Wilson was also the author of a book of poetry, which included some pieces on World War I aviation, and the autobiographical work, "I Walked with Giants", Vantage Press, 1968.
Wilson wrote the foreword to popular aviation writer Richard Bach's first book, "Stranger to the Ground".
Family facts.
Gill Robb Wilson was married to Margaret Perrine and had a bright and creative daughter, Margaret Robb Wilson. His first wife, Margaret Perrine Wilson, succumbed to the influenza epidemic while she was pregnant with their second daughter. He married his second wife, Mary Josephine Clary, on April 28, 1931 in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Gill Robb Wilson died in Los Angeles County, California. He is greatly honored by the CAP California Wing each Memorial Day.

</doc>
<doc id="6981665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981665" title="Tomáš Julínek">
Tomáš Julínek

Tomáš Julínek (born 7 November 1956) is a Czech politician and physician. From 2006 to 2009, Julínek served as the Minister of Health of the Czech Republic. He is a member of the Civic Democratic Party.
Career.
Julínek received his degree from Masaryk University in 1982. From 2003 to 2005, he worked on a reform of the health system of the Czech Republic. In September 2006, he was appointed Minister of Health of the Czech Republic replacing David Rath. Prime Minister Mirek Topolánek replaced him in January 2009 with Daniela Filipiová.

</doc>
<doc id="6981666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981666" title="Electro negative">
Electro negative



</doc>
<doc id="6981670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981670" title="Szczecinek County">
Szczecinek County

Szczecinek County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Szczecinek, which lies east of the regional capital Szczecin. The county contains three other towns: Borne Sulinowo, south-west of Szczecinek, Barwice, west of Szczecinek, and Biały Bór, north-east of Szczecinek.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 77,232, out of which the population of Szczecinek is 38,756, that of Borne Sulinowo is 4,224, that of Barwice is 3,838, that of Biały Bór is 2,127, and the rural population is 28,287.
Neighbouring counties.
Szczecinek County is bordered by Koszalin County to the north, Bytów County to the north-east, Człuchów County to the east, Złotów County to the south, Drawsko County and Świdwin County to the west, and Białogard County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban, three urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981672" title="Powiat of Szczecinek">
Powiat of Szczecinek



</doc>
<doc id="6981673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981673" title="Sessa, Ticino">
Sessa, Ticino

Sessa is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 18 April 2021 the municipalities of Croglio, Monteggio, Ponte Tresa and Sessa merged to form Tresa.
History.
Sessa is first mentioned in 1335 as "Sexa".
In the High Middle Ages, members of the Langobard military family, the "de Sessa" formed a noble corporation with lands centered in the current municipality. The noble corporation remained in power around the village until the reign of the Swiss Confederation. The "Capitani" of (de) Sessa were Imperial vassals. In 1240, Emperor Frederick II took control of Sessa Castle, which was probably in the village. Due to the tradition of imperial immediacy in the Malcantone region (including Sessa, Astano, and Monteggio), the Bishop of Como lacked the landlord rights he held in neighboring villages. The population of these villages also tried to separate themselves spiritually from the bishop. By the 16th century, and perhaps even before then, they founded an independent parish which also included Monteggio, Castelrotto, and Cremenaga. Cremenaga, which was in Italian territory, only separated from the parish in 1842. The parish church of San Martino was first mentioned in 1288, and its present form dates back to 1630. In addition to San Martino, the city has several other chapels and churches, including S. Orsola (established 1601). At the time of the Swiss Confederation rule, the "capitano reggente" of Lugano was the bailiff in Sessa. He heard cases in the court building known as the "casa dei Landvogti".
Agriculture and emigration marked the traditional economy. In the 19th century local companies exploited the peat layer at Prati Vergani and gold mines at Monte Sceree (between Sessa and Astano). The mining activity was resumed in the 20th century by the company Mines de Costano SA, active from 1935 until the early 1950s.
(de) Sessa family.
The (de) Sessa's were originally from the Langobard nobility. They were vassals of the House of Hohenstaufen when they lived in Sessa Castle, which controlled the passage over the Tresa river. This ended in 1240 when Emperor Frederick II took over the castle. The numerous representatives of the family formed a noble corporation, which along with the Vicin family retained power until the reign of the Confederates. Around the 13th century, a (de) Sessa was mentioned who bore the "Capitanei" title in Locarno. As members of the "Capitanei of Locarno" in the 14th century, they possessed patronage rights to the chapel of S. Orsola in the church of S. Martino in Sessa. The family spread throughout Lombardy, where presumably the Sala (Varese) branch split off. This line is first mentioned in the 1277 list of the Milanese aristocracy. By the beginning of 16th century the direct line of the family had died out. 
Anyway, other minor lines have survived and the family, still flourishing, is present on the Libro d'Oro della Nobiltà Italiana and on the Annuario della Nobiltà Italiana with the title of Noble.
Geography.
Sessa had an area, , of . Of this area, or 27.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 65.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 11.5% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 1.0% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 6.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 2.8%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 1.4%. Out of the forested land, 57.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 8.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 17.4% is used for growing crops, while 3.1% is used for orchards or vine crops and 6.6% is used for alpine pastures.
The former municipality is located in the Lugano district, in the mid-Malcantone. It consists of the village core of Sessa and the surrounding settlements of Beredino, Bonzaglio, Costa, Lanera and Suino.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules a castle with two towers argent ensigned with a swan of the same."
Demographics.
Sessa had a population (as of 2019) of 685. , 18.8% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 10.4%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (74.7%), with German being second most common (17.7%) and French being third (2.8%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 107 speak German, 17 people speak French, 451 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (28 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.9% male and 52.1% female. The population was made up of 251 Swiss men (37.4% of the population), and 71 (10.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 295 Swiss women (43.9%), and 55 (8.2%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 5 live births to Swiss citizens and were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens and 2 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 1 while the foreign population decreased by 2. There were 2 Swiss men and 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 2 non-Swiss men and 3 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 4 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 2 people. This represents a population growth rate of -0.9%.
The age distribution, , in Sessa is; 60 children or 8.9% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 72 teenagers or 10.7% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 63 people or 9.4% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 78 people or 11.6% are between 30 and 39, 92 people or 13.7% are between 40 and 49, and 117 people or 17.4% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 87 people or 12.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 59 people or 8.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 44 people or 6.5% who are over 80.
, there were 265 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 218 single family homes (or 72.9% of the total) out of a total of 299 inhabited buildings. There were 48 two family buildings (16.1%) and 15 multi-family buildings (5.0%). There were also 18 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.48%. there were 389 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 128. There were 6 single room apartments and 128 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 261 apartments (67.1% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 127 apartments (32.6%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartments (0.3%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.9 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Sights.
The entire village of Sessa is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 29.41% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (27.8%), the Green Party (13.57%) and the Ticino League (10.86%). In the federal election, a total of 254 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 54.4%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 475 registered voters in Sessa, of which 300 or 63.2% voted. 2 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 297 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 68 or 22.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 68 or 22.9%), the SSI (with 51 or 17.2%) and the LEGA (with 34 or 11.4%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 299 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 74 or 24.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 58 or 19.4%), the LEGA (with 51 or 17.1%) and the PS (with 47 or 15.7%).
Economy.
, Sessa had an unemployment rate of 4.67%. , there were 17 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 8 businesses involved in this sector. 21 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 3 businesses in this sector. 50 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 17 businesses in this sector. There were 248 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 37.5% of the workforce.
, there were 94 workers who commuted into the municipality and 171 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.8 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 31.9% of the workforce coming into Sessa are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 11.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 62.9% used a private car.
, there were 2 hotels in Sessa.
Religion.
From the , 447 or 74.0% were Roman Catholic, while 62 or 10.3% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 86 individuals (or about 14.24% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 9 individuals (or about 1.49% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Sessa about 74.8% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Sessa there were a total of 113 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Sessa there were 18 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 28 students attended the standard primary schools and 3 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 35 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 11 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 5 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 11 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 3 students in Sessa who came from another municipality, while 62 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6981677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981677" title="Tomas Julinek">
Tomas Julinek



</doc>
<doc id="6981678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981678" title="Spend My Life with You">
Spend My Life with You

"Spend My Life with You" is a Grammy Award-nominated R&amp;B song by R&amp;B singer Eric Benét featuring R&amp;B singer Tamia. Released as the second single from Benét's second studio album "A Day in the Life" (1999), the song spent three weeks at number one on the US "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs chart and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales of over 500,000 units. It also peaked at number 21 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Remix.
A Buttered Soul Remix was released featuring Terry Dexter. 

</doc>
<doc id="6981679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981679" title="Brigade-major">
Brigade-major



</doc>
<doc id="6981682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981682" title="Guillermo Giacomazzi">
Guillermo Giacomazzi

Guillermo Gonzalo Giacomazzi Suárez (born 21 November 1977) is a Uruguayan football coach and former player, currently in charge as Daniele De Rossi's assistant coach at AS Roma.
He holds the Serie A appearances record for Lecce with 178 matches played. He also played for the Uruguay national team.
Playing career.
He started in Uruguay, playing for Bella Vista before moving to Peñarol. In 2001, he was signed by Lecce and made his debut match in Italian Serie A on August 27, 2001, against Parma, a game which Lecce drew 1–1. He played for the team for the following six years, becoming its captain.
On January 31, 2007, he was signed by Palermo. On February 11, 2007, he played his first Serie A match for Palermo, against Empoli In the following season, he was loaned to Empoli, and in 2008, he returned to Lecce. On 6 July 2010, he signed a new four-year contract with Lecce.
Giacomazzi stayed with Lecce in 2012 despite their relegation from Serie A in 2011–12 and subsequent expulsion from the Serie B for their part in the Calcio Scommesse scandal. Giacomazzi, the club's captain, rejected offers from Serie A sides Parma and Torino and Serie B team Cesena to remain at the club.
In 2013, he joined Siena, a team that was excluded from the Serie B at the end of the season due to financial problems. Thus, he became a free agent and joined Perugia for the 2014–15 Serie B season.
Coaching career.
On 15 February 2020, Giacomazzi was announced as one of the two assistants to head coach Devis Mangia in charge of the Malta national football team. On 11 October 2022, he rescinded his contract with the Malta Football Federation, and subsequently joined Serie B club SPAL as Daniele De Rossi's technical collaborator. He was relieved from his post, together with De Rossi and his entire staff, on 14 February 2023.
In January 2024, following De Rossi's appointment as new Roma head coach, Giacomazzi followed him as his assistant.
Personal life.
In addition to his native Uruguayan citizenship, Giacomazzi is also an Italian citizen since 2004. He is married to an Italian woman from Lecce, with whom he had two children.
His son Sebastián (born 2006) is a youth footballer for Lecce, and has been called up to join the Uruguay national under-20 football team in 2022.
In August 2022, Giacomazzi became a grandfather after his daughter Stephanie, partner of Lecce player Antonino Gallo, gave birth to a child.

</doc>
<doc id="6981689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981689" title="Queen's Barge-master">
Queen's Barge-master



</doc>
<doc id="6981694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981694" title="AS-6">
AS-6



</doc>
<doc id="6981695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981695" title="Świdwin County">
Świdwin County

Świdwin County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Świdwin, which lies north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. The only other town in the county is Połczyn-Zdrój, lying east of Świdwin.
The county covers an area of . As of 2012 its total population is 49,181.
Neighbouring counties.
Świdwin County is bordered by Kołobrzeg County and Białogard County to the north, Szczecinek County to the east, and Drawsko County and Łobez County to the south.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981696" title="Powiat of Świdwin">
Powiat of Świdwin



</doc>
<doc id="6981698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981698" title="Swidwin County">
Swidwin County



</doc>
<doc id="6981701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981701" title="Sigirino">
Sigirino

Sigirino is a former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The municipalities of Medeglia, Bironico, Camignolo, Rivera and Sigirino merged on 21 November 2010 into the new municipality of Monteceneri.
History.
Sigirino is first mentioned in 1335 as "Sezelino". In the Middle Ages, Sigirino belonged to the territory of the Carvina valley community. Carvina included all the villages in the upper Vedeggio valley and its secular and religious capital was Bironico. In a land register of 1296, Como Cathedral possessed lands, pastures, forests, farmland and land with houses in Sigirino. It is likely that at that time Sigirino possessed some type of fortifications.
The Church of St. Andrew was first mentioned in 1296. It was totally rebuilt in the 16th century and restored in the 18th. After its separation from Bironico in 1625, Sigirino had its own parish.
Economically, the village was dominated by agriculture and emigration. In the 21st century, it belongs to commercial and industrial zone in the valley floor between Sigirino and the neighboring villages.
Geography.
Sigirino has an area, , of . Of this area, or 3.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 79.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 6.5% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.1% is either rivers or lakes and or 8.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 1.1% and transportation infrastructure made up 3.4%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 1.4% of the area Out of the forested land, 64.4% of the total land area is heavily forested, while 13.1% is covered in small trees and shrubbery and 1.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 1.8% is used for growing crops and 1.1% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 7.3% is unproductive vegetation and 1.4% is too rocky for vegetation.
The village is located in the Lugano district, on the right side of the mid-Vedeggio valley near the entrance to the Cusella side valley.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules a saltire argent and in chief tower of the same." The St. Andrews cross refers to the patron saint of the village church.
Demographics.
Sigirino has a population () of 596. , 30.4% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997-2007) the population has changed at a rate of 45.7%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (89.2%), with German being second most common (4.9%) and French being third (1.8%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 19 speak German, 7 people speak French, 348 people speak Italian. The remainder (16 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 56.4% male and 43.6% female. The population was made up of 208 Swiss men (34.9% of the population), and 128 (21.5%) non-Swiss men. There were 214 Swiss women (35.9%), and 46 (7.7%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 4 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 births to non-Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 4 while the foreign population increased by 2. There were 2 Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 27 non-Swiss men and 10 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 19 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 51 people. This represents a population growth rate of 13.3%.
The age distribution, , in Sigirino is; 50 children or 8.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 61 teenagers or 10.2% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 76 people or 12.8% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 114 people or 19.1% are between 30 and 39, 126 people or 21.1% are between 40 and 49, and 92 people or 15.4% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 40 people or 6.7% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 19 people or 3.2% are between 70 and 79, there are 18 people or 3.0% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.57 which is about equal to the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 54.8% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 166 private households in the village, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 122 single family homes (or 73.5% of the total) out of a total of 166 inhabited buildings. There were 28 two family buildings (16.9%) and 9 multi-family buildings (5.4%). There were also 7 buildings in the village that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the village, , was 0%. there were 220 apartments in the village. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 68. There were 22 single room apartments and 68 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 166 apartments (75.5% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 47 apartments (21.4%) were seasonally occupied and 7 apartments (3.2%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 3.8 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Sights.
The entire villaggio of Osignano is designated as part of the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 25.65% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (20.48%), the Ticino League (20.02%) and the SVP (14.3%). In the federal election, a total of 144 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 46.5%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 297 registered voters in Sigirino, of which 189 or 63.6% voted. 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 188 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 52 or 27.7% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 45 or 23.9%), the PPD+GenGiova (with 33 or 17.6%) and the SSI (with 28 or 14.9%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, The most popular party was the LEGA which received 63 or 33.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 42 or 22.2%), the PPD (with 33 or 17.5%) and the SSI (with 22 or 11.6%).
Economy.
, Sigirino had an unemployment rate of 3.31%. , there were people employed in the primary economic sector and about businesses involved in this sector. 57 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 5 businesses in this sector. 42 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 6 businesses in this sector. There were 197 residents of the village who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 35.5% of the workforce.
, there were 106 workers who commuted into the village and 159 workers who commuted away. The village is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.5 workers leaving the village for every one entering. About 17.9% of the workforce coming into Sigirino are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 7.1% used public transportation to get to work, and 62.9% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 266 or 68.2% were Roman Catholic, while 33 or 8.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 32 individuals (or about 8.21% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 59 individuals (or about 15.13% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Sigirino about 62.4% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Sigirino there were a total of 96 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Sigirino there were 6 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the village, 31 students attended the standard primary schools and 3 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 24 students in the two-year middle school, while 6 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 8 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 15 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 3 students in the professional program.
, there were 36 students from Sigirino who attended schools outside the village.

</doc>
<doc id="6981729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981729" title="Łobez County">
Łobez County

Łobez County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. Its administrative seat and largest town is Łobez, which lies east of the regional capital Szczecin. The county contains three other towns: Resko, north-west of Łobez, Węgorzyno, south of Łobez, and Dobra, west of Łobez.
A Łobez County existed prior to the abolition of the powiats in 1975. When they were reintroduced in the Polish local government reforms of 1999, there was initially no Łobez County. The present-day county was created later, in 2002, out of parts of Gryfice County, Goleniów County and Stargard County (to which Łobez itself had belonged).
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 38,232, out of which the population of Łobez is 10,617, that of Resko is 4,377, that of Węgorzyno is 3,011, that of Dobra is 2,028, and the rural population is 18,199.
Neighbouring counties.
Łobez County is bordered by Gryfice County and Kołobrzeg County to the north, Świdwin County to the east, Drawsko County to the south-east, Stargard County to the south-west, and Goleniów County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (four urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6981730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981730" title="Powiat of Łobez">
Powiat of Łobez



</doc>
<doc id="6981731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981731" title="Lobez County">
Lobez County



</doc>
<doc id="6981740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981740" title="Caesar and Cleopatra">
Caesar and Cleopatra

Caesar and Cleopatra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6981744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981744" title="Never Gonna Let You Go">
Never Gonna Let You Go

"Never Gonna Let You Go" may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6981748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981748" title="Białogard County">
Białogard County

Białogard County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Białogard, which lies north-east of the regional capital Szczecin. The only other towns in the county are Karlino, lying north-west of Białogard, and Tychowo, south-east of Białogard.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population was 48,241, out of which the population of Białogard was 24,339, that of Karlino 5,794, and the rural population 18,108 (including approximately 2,500 for the population of Tychowo, which became a town in 2010).
Neighbouring counties.
Białogard County is bordered by Koszalin County to the north, Szczecinek County to the south-east, Świdwin County to the south and Kołobrzeg County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981749" title="Powiat of Białogard">
Powiat of Białogard



</doc>
<doc id="6981752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981752" title="Bialogard County">
Bialogard County



</doc>
<doc id="6981765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981765" title="Sonvico">
Sonvico

Sonvico ("Sonvìch" in the Lombard language) is a quarter of the city of Lugano and former municipality of the Lugano district in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the municipality of Sonvico merged into the municipality of Lugano becoming a new neighborhood. The medieval part of Sonvico village consists of an old citadel with a compacted structure full of narrow and intricate lanes.
History.
Sonvico is first mentioned in 1040 as Summo Vico, from the Latin "Summus Vicus", meaning "the higher located village"
Prehistoric settlement in the area are proved by the findings of a Golasecca culture grave and a plate with a northern Etruscan inscription. During the archaeologic explorations in the San Martino church, Roman and Lombard objects (including a woman's grave with a cross brooch from about 650-700 AD) were discovered. From around the 9th to 10th centuries, the villages of Sonvico, Dino and Villa (later the municipality Villa Lugano, now part of Lugano) formed a community. 
The Castellanza.
In 1326 was testified that Sonvico and neighbors merged into a community known as The Castellanza. During the 16th century, the village of Cimadera joined The Castellanza. Sonvico was strategically located on top of Lugano valley, which was a necessary passage to the Nordic versant of the Alps, through the Gotthard Pass. Additionally, it was strongly fortified with a ring wall and a castle, which was built before 1326 and renovated around the end of the 15th century. These qualities made the Castellanza a strategic base for the House of Visconti and the House of Sforza of the Duchy of Milan until the Battle of Novara (1513).
Due to its importance, Sonvico obtained a privilege status from the Duchy and was thus allowed to set many of its own laws enjoying tax and customs exemptions. The first book of law known as "Libbro degli Statuti della Magnifica Comunità di Sonvico" dates from 1473. During the Italian War of 1499–1504 the Swiss took power over the Ticino region and The Castellanza was officially annexed by the Old Swiss Confederacy into their occupied territories in 1512. The village resisted for a while isolated, and only after the signing of a pact for the maintenance of the old privileges respected by the Duchy, ceded its sovereignty to the Swiss. The Swiss accepted the pact, but posed as condition the castle destruction. The Castle was finally destroyed by its inhabitants in 1517. Although the privileges were guaranteed by the pact, their maintenance was only partly respected and the Castellanza felt betrayed by the Swiss.
Chestnut-based economy.
The local economy was based on crops (mainly of chestnut), viticulture and animal husbandry. Sonvico was almost completely self-sufficient and during the centuries developed a chestnut based economy: common in the area. The crops - today still visible - are property of the community and their exploitation was ruled under the right of the old Sonvico's families: a public organization today known as ("official page"). The chestnut based economy of Sonvico lasted until the introduction of the potato and the crop's exploitation lasted until the Second World War and over.
Recent history.
Due to limited farming land many residents emigrated abroad seeking job opportunities generally as construction craftsmen and masons. Initially, emigration was limited to the neighboring European countries, but starting from the 19th century, The United States and Argentina were the main destinations. At the beginning of the 20th century, some tourist hotels opened in the village and between 1911 and 1979 a regional train line connecting Lugano and Sonvico was in operation. During the economic boom of the 1950s and 1960s new residential buildings were built in the area. Nowadays Sonvico is a residential quarter and the surrounding agricultural lands have mainly become forest. In 2000, around 80% of the workforce were commuters, working for the service sector, around the area of Lugano. Sonvico community restored or renovated many of its historical symbolic buildings.
Geography.
Before the merger, Sonvico had a total area of . Of this area, or 12.1% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 80.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 6.7% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.2% is either rivers or lakes and or 3.8% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 4.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.2%. Out of the forested land, 76.7% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 7.0% is used for growing crops and 4.6% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
The quarter is located in the northern edge of the Cassarate valley. It consists of the village of Sonvico and the large village section of Dino, which has about 600 inhabitants. Until 1878 it also included the village of Cimadera.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules a saltire argent and in chief tower of the same". The St. Andrew cross refers to the patron saint of the church."
The Castellanza's coat of arms was a white unicorn in a blue background. It is still visible in the "Casa della ragione" entrance fresco, in the main square "Piazza Grande". The current municipal blazon was donated by the milan Sforza's family in the 15th century.
Demographics.
Sonvico had a population (as of 2011) of 1,852. , 9.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 19.5%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (90.1%), with German being second most common (5.1%) and French being third (2.6%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 82 speak German, 42 people speak French, 1,442 people speak Italian. The remainder (34 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.9% male and 51.1% female. The population was made up of 797 Swiss men (43.1% of the population), and 107 (5.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 872 Swiss women (47.2%), and 72 (3.9%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 18 live births to Swiss citizens and were 10 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 8 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There were 2 Swiss men who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 5 non-Swiss men and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 13 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 12 people. This represents a population growth rate of 1.4%.
The age distribution, , in Sonvico is; 183 children or 9.9% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 209 teenagers or 11.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 149 people or 8.1% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 264 people or 14.3% are between 30 and 39, 330 people or 17.9% are between 40 and 49, and 243 people or 13.1% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 211 people or 11.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 160 people or 8.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 99 people or 5.4% who are over 80.
, there were 646 private households in Sonvico, and an average of 2.4 persons per household. there were 624 single family homes (or 78.1% of the total) out of a total of 799 inhabited buildings. There were 108 two family buildings (13.5%) and 49 multi-family buildings (6.1%). There were also 18 buildings in the village that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for Sonvico, , was 1.17%. there were 1,034 apartments in the quarter. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 323. There were 80 single room apartments and 270 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 645 apartments (62.4% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 369 apartments (35.7%) were seasonally occupied and 20 apartments (1.9%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 5.5 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Provost's Church of S. Giovanni Battista a Corcaréi and the Oratory of S. Martino are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance. The entire village of Sonvico is listed in the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 24.51% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Ticino League (22.26%), the SP (18.32%) and the FDP (18.15%). In the federal election, a total of 666 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 49.9%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,333 registered voters in Sonvico, of which 848 or 63.6% voted. 10 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 835 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 191 or 22.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 150 or 18.0%), the PS (with 140 or 16.8%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 134 or 16.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 14 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 834 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 259 or 31.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 158 or 18.9%), the PLRT (with 130 or 15.6%) and the PPD (with 123 or 14.7%).
Economy.
, Sonvico had an unemployment rate of 2.86%. , there were 15 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 6 businesses involved in this sector. 62 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 16 businesses in this sector. 148 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 26 businesses in this sector. There were 703 residents of the quarter who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 38.7% of the workforce.
, there were 187 workers who commuted into the quarter and 563 workers who commuted away. Sonvico is a net exporter of workers, with about 3.0 workers leaving the district for every one entering. About 25.7% of the workforce coming into Sonvico are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.0% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 10.7% used public transportation to get to work, and 67.9% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 1,275 or 79.7% were Roman Catholic, while 102 or 6.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 170 individuals (or about 10.63% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 53 individuals (or about 3.31% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Sonvico about 78.8% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a SUPSI.
In Sonvico there were a total of 328 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Sonvico there were 48 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the quarter, 94 students attended the standard primary schools and 3 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 86 students in the two-year middle school, while 43 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 22 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 23 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 9 students in the professional program.
, there were 5 students in Sonvico who came from another municipality, while 132 residents attended schools outside the quarter.

</doc>
<doc id="6981767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981767" title="Walerian Łukasiński">
Walerian Łukasiński

Walerian Łukasiński (15 April 1786 in Warsaw – 27 January 1868 in Shlisselburg) was a Polish officer and political activist. He was sentenced by Russian Imperial authorities to 14 years' imprisonment. He died after 46 years of solitary incarceration. He became a symbol of the Polish struggle for independence.
Biography.
Born in Warsaw on 15 April 1786, as a child he lived through the last of the partitions of Poland that destroyed the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. He joined the Polish military, serving in the army of Duchy of Warsaw from 1807 to 1815 and later in that of Congress Poland. In Congress Poland, a puppet state of the Russian Empire, ruled by the Grand Duke Constantine Pavlovich of Russia, the Polish army's morale was low. Łukasiński, who reached the rank of a major in the 4th Regiment of Line Infantry, created a secret organization known as National Freemasonry ("Wolnomularstwo Narodowe"), which existed from 1819 to 1820 and successfully raised morale. In 1818 Łukasiński published "Reflections of an Army Officer Concerning the Need of Organizing the Jews". In 1820 he formally disbanded National Freemasonry and replaced it by another secret organization, Patriotic Society ("Towarzystwo Patriotyczne"). Its goal was to influence public opinion and improve the lot of peasants and Jews.
He was arrested by the Russian authorities and sentenced to 7 years of hard labour in Zamość. For participation in the prisoners revolt against inhumane conditions, he was accused of being one of the ringleaders and his sentence was doubled to 14 years.
After the November Uprising, Tsar Nicholas I of Russia became convinced that Łukasiński was one of the main activists of the Polish underground and he was moved to a secure facility in Warsaw. During the November Uprising (1830–1831) he was taken with the Russian troops retreating from Warsaw and put in a Russian prison, the Shlisselburg Fortress. Most of the commanders of the Shlisselburg prison were kept unaware of the identity of the prisoner. One of the few people who, at that time, managed to communicate with Łukasiński, was Russian revolutionary Mikhail Bakunin, who was also imprisoned in Shlisselburg for several years. A few years before his death, after the death of Tsar Nicholas, a commander of the prison successfully petitioned Tsar Alexander II of Russia about improving his condition; Łukasiński was moved to a more comfortable cell above ground, where he was given new clothing and furniture and allowed to inquire about events outside and keep a diary.
Influence.
Known as the "iron major," he became one of the martyrs of Polish culture and Poland's struggle for independence in the 19th and 20th centuries. Among the works of literature inspired by him, the most famous is Stanisław Wyspiański's "Noc Listopadowa" ("November Night").
In 2018 Roman Turovsky-Savchuk composed a tombeau in honor of Łukasiński.

</doc>
<doc id="6981770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981770" title="Vail Film Festival">
Vail Film Festival

The Vail Film Festival is an independent film festival that has taken place annually in Vail, Colorado since 2004. The 22nd annual Vail Film Festival will likely take place in December 4-7 2025.
The festival was founded by Sean Cross and Scott Cross. The Cross brothers serve as co-executive directors of the festival, with Corinne Hara serving as festival director since 2018. The festival is produced by the Colorado Film Institute, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization dedicated to promoting independent film.
The Vail Film Festival is the sister festival of the Los Cabos International Film Festival, also co-founded by Scott Cross, and Sean Cross.
Venues.
Held in the largest ski resort in the United States, the festival draws attendees and filmmakers from across the United States and around the world. Since inception, the festival has drawn more than 150,000 attendees and over 3000 filmmakers, including high-profile celebrities and international media attention.
In 2007, "MovieMaker Magazine" rated the Vail film festival as one of the top 10 best destination film festivals in the world. It is also the only one to have partnered with Bono's Product Red initiative, whereby the festival donates 25% of pass sales to the Global Fund to fight AIDS in Africa.
Films screened at the festival have included "Slow West", starring Michael Fassbender, "Enemy", starring Jake Gyllenhaal, "Before Sunset", starring Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy, and the directorial debuts of David Duchovny ("House of D"), Luke Wilson("The Wendell Baker Story"), Anna Rezan and Tiffany Thiessen. The festival has also screened a number of studio films, including "Knocked Up", and "Forgetting Sarah Marshall".
Past award recipients and special guests include actor Karen Allen, actor Madison Davenport, actor Krysten Ritter, actor Josh Lucas, actor Kate Bosworth, Allison Janney, director Tate Taylor, actor/director Michael Imperioli, producer Edward R. Pressman, actor/director Luke Wilson, actor William Forsythe (actor), actor Sophia Bush, actor Hayden Panettiere, actor/writer/director Harold Ramis, actor/director/producer Tim Daly, director Tao Ruspoli, actor Olivia Wilde, actor Jesse Eisenberg, actor Jeremy Davies, actor/director Zach Braff, actor/producer Jane Seymour (actress), actor Adrian Grenier, actor Michelle Monaghan, and filmmaker Kevin Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="6981771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981771" title="Saved by the Beldum">
Saved by the Beldum



</doc>
<doc id="6981773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981773" title="Vixen (RV)">
Vixen (RV)

The Vixen is a recreational vehicle designed by William "Bill" Collins Jr. and built from 1986 until 1989. A total of 587 Vixen motorhomes of three different types were built: the Vixen 21 TD (1986–1987), Vixen 21 SE (1988–1989), and Vixen 21 XC (1986–1987).
Often noted as the "Driver's RV", it has an exceptionally low center of gravity and wide stance for an RV. It had a top speed of 100 MPH, and claimed an average of 30 MPG using a BMW M21 turbo-diesel engine. Wind tunnel testing was used to create a completely smooth fiberglass exterior top and bottom, resulting in a drag coefficient of less than .30 for early TD models.
Initial design.
The Vixen was designed as an answer to the GMC motorhome. The Vixen was designed to be stored in a typical garage as it was only 6 feet high and 21 feet long. Despite its small size by motorhome standards, the Vixen was marketed as having all of the features of larger competitors. Such features included a generator and water heater. Two house batteries and one of the first electric inverters in an RV allowed the owner to run the microwave, air-conditioning, and anything else which could be plugged into 120-volt outlets, off the batteries that were charged by the 120-amp alternator. The Vixen could also be plugged in at a typical campsite outlet. Water came from the fresh water tank or services at a campsite and was heated by a heat exchanger. The same engine heat was used to warm the passenger compartment. Since diesels do not develop waste heat quickly, there was also an auxiliary diesel heater that could raise the temperature of the engine coolant. This helped with winter starting, keeping the RV warm, and the water hot. The heater was fuel-efficient and didn't need to stop for propane to fuel it. Unfortunately, it was notorious for needing service.
Upon arriving at the destination the fiberglass roof hinged up on one side and fold-out windows filled the gap, allowing a 6'2" individual to stand fully and walk around. A curtain in the bath attached to the raised roof to keep water in the shower and for privacy, with a sump to move water from the shower floor up to the holding tank. The front seats flipped backwards to join the dinette to seat four at meal time. Both seats folded flat to provide the front bed, while in the back above the engine was a full-time, full-sized bed that used a standard mattress. The kitchen included a microwave, an electric refrigerator, a sink above the hot water heat exchanger, and an alcohol fired stove. Those who do a lot of cooking sometimes replace the stove with a modern marine diesel powered cook top.
Reaction and modifications.
Though the driving press seemed to love it, the public only bought a bit over 300 of the original TD model in the first two years of business. Financing took a hit. The company Vixen was invented around the design and as the sales didn't materialize the designers and factory started making changes hoping for a hit. The first change was a model called the XC that was envisioned as a large taxi or limo. Removing the kitchen and bath, and installing more couches, but keeping the bed in back there was now seating for nine. The following year the company tried to appeal to the traditional RV market by including all the touches liked by the RV buyer, a gasoline engine with more off-the-line power and no problems with overheating on mountain roads, automatic transmission, a real water heater, and a propane furnace. All this was wrapped in a full-time extended roof that a 6'4" person could stand comfortably under. Even regular roof air-conditioning was included, at the cost of the height advantage of the original Vixen TD, now needing a high-roof garage, or suffering outdoor parking. This model, the SE, would be the last for Vixen, and with fewer than 300 sold the company folded in 1989. Many of the assets were purchased by a group of owners who have gone on to support the aging Vixens with service and support.
References.
 4. Interview with Bill Collins and his widow Nina Collins, Summer 2023, by current President of the Vixen Owners' Association, awaiting publication in Fox Prints, the official newsletter of the Vixen Owners' Association

</doc>
<doc id="6981777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981777" title="Caesar and Cleopatra (play)">
Caesar and Cleopatra (play)

Caesar and Cleopatra (Shavian: ·𐑕𐑰𐑟𐑩𐑮 𐑨𐑯𐑛 ·𐑒𐑤𐑰𐑩𐑫𐑐𐑨𐑑𐑮𐑩) is a play written in 1898 by George Bernard Shaw that depicts a fictionalised account of the relationship between Julius Caesar and Cleopatra. It was first published with "Captain Brassbound's Conversion" and "The Devil's Disciple" in Shaw's 1901 collection "Three Plays for Puritans". Shaw based his plot on Theodor Mommsen's "The History of Rome", which presents an admiring depiction of Caesar as a strong leader and great man, contrasting his piece with Shakespeare's "Antony and Cleopatra", which was based on histories by Plutarch and Holinshed. Shaw focused on the background of Roman interference in the affairs of Alexandria, which he saw as akin to the British imperialism of his day. He also portrayed Cleopatra as sixteen years old to downplay the sexual relationship between the title characters and focus on the political story.
The play was first performed in a single staged reading at Newcastle upon Tyne in March 1899, to secure the copyright, starring Mrs Patrick Campbell and Nutcombe Gould, though Shaw said that he had written the role of Caesar with Johnston Forbes-Robertson in mind. Campbell resisted Shaw's concept of her character and portrayed it more maturely. It was not staged again until March 1906, when it was played unsuccessfully in Berlin in a German translation, with cuts. Shaw's text was fully given a full staging in New York later in 1906 and in London in 1907, both starring Gertrude Elliott and Forbes-Robertson.
Numerous productions followed over the decades, and the play has been adapted for cinema, radio, television and the musical stage. The part of Caesar has been played by such actors as Alan Badel, John Gielgud, Alec Guinness, Cedric Hardwicke, Rex Harrison, Laurence Olivier, Christopher Plummer, Claude Rains and Godfrey Tearle. Cleopatras have included Peggy Ashcroft, Claire Bloom, Gwen Ffrangcon-Davies, Vivien Leigh, Lilli Palmer, Vanessa Redgrave and Dorothy Tutin. 
Background and first productions.
Shaw objected to the general adulation of Shakespeare, which he dubbed "Bardolatry", and set his own "Caesar and Cleopatra" against "Antony and Cleopatra", claiming that his characters were "real" as opposed to Shakespeare's, who were "love-obsessed". In an appraisal of "Julius Caesar" for "The Saturday Review" Shaw expressed his "revulsion of indignant contempt at this travestying of a great man as a silly braggart".
Shaw began writing the play in April 1898 and finished it by the end of the year. He based his plot on Theodor Mommsen's "The History of Rome". He said, "I took the chronicle without alteration from Mommsen ... I found that Mommsen had conceived Caesar as I wished to present him". In Mommsen’s admiring depiction of Caesar as "the entire and perfect man" Shaw found the model for his hero and said that he had stuck nearly as closely to Mommsen as Shakespeare had to Plutarch or Holinshed. He misconstrued Mommsen's account of Cleopatra's age when she met Caesar: Shaw made her sixteen – five years younger than the historical Cleopatra. This suited Shaw, who was anxious to ensure that there should be no hint of a sexual liaison between the title characters.
The part of Cleopatra was written with the actress Mrs Patrick Campbell ("Stella") in mind. She and her company gave the first performance of the play while on tour, in Newcastle – a one-off performance on 15 March to secure the British copyright of the play. She did not care for the piece, and particularly for Shaw's conception of Cleopatra: her biographer Margot Peters writes that she turned "Shaw's mere kitten of a Cleopatra into an experienced pantheress". According to Peters, "She did not appreciate Shaw’s anti-romantic drama with its wise and urbane Caesar spurning the petty wiles of a very young Cleopatra and gladly turning her over to Antony". Campbell realised that the central role was Caesar, and having recently played Ophelia to Johnston Forbes-Robertson's Hamlet she did not intend to play second fiddle again. When the play was published as one of Shaw's "Three Plays for Puritans" he inscribed a copy for her: "To silly Stella who threw Caesar and Cleopatra into the waste paper basket, from G. Bernard Shaw".
Forbes-Robertson's performance as Hamlet in 1897 had impressed Shaw. He later said, "I wrote Caesar and Cleopatra for Forbes-Robertson, because he is the classic actor of the day, and had a right to require such a service from me. Without him Caesar and Cleopatra would not have been written".
New York and London premieres.
After its one-off copyright performance, the play was not staged until 1906, when Max Reinhardt presented it in a German translation in Berlin on 31 March 1906. The production was a failure, which Shaw attributed to the heavy cuts Reinhardt made in the text, rendering the action and the characters incomprehensible to audiences.
The first full staging of Shaw's text was on 30 October 1906 in the New Amsterdam Theatre, New York. It ran there during the rest of the year and the production was then moved to London, after a provincial try-out, opening at the Savoy Theatre on 25 November 1907, running until 21 December.
Plot.
Act I.
The teenage Cleopatra sleeps between the paws of a sphinx. Caesar, wandering in the desert night, comes upon the sphinx and speaks to it. Cleopatra wakes and, unseen, replies. At first Caesar imagines the sphinx is speaking. She, not recognising Caesar, thinks him a nice old man and tells him of her childish fear of Caesar and the Romans. Caesar urges bravery when she must face the conquerors, and then escorts her to her palace. Cleopatra reluctantly agrees to maintain a queenly presence, but fears that Caesar will nonetheless eat her. When the Roman guards arrive and hail Caesar, Cleopatra realises he has been with her all along. She sobs in relief, and falls into his arms.
Act II.
In a hall in the royal palace in Alexandria, Caesar meets Cleopatra's younger brother, King Ptolemy and his retinue, including the king's Roman guardian, Pothinus. Caesar greets all with courtesy but demands a tribute whose amount disconcerts the Egyptians. He says he will settle the dispute between the claimants for the Egyptian throne by letting Cleopatra and Ptolemy reign jointly. 
The Egyptians threaten military action against Caesar, who orders Rufio, his military aide, to take over the palace and other strategic spots including the Pharos lighthouse. Britannus, Caesar's secretary, proclaims Ptolemy and his courtiers prisoners of war, but Caesar permits the captives to depart. Only Cleopatra (with her retinue), fearing Ptolemy's associates, and Pothinus (for reasons of his own), choose to remain with Caesar. A siege is imminent; Caesar dons his armour and prepares for battle.
Act III.
This act, which Shaw, conscious of the great length of the play, suggested could be omitted from productions, depicts the old legend of Cleopatra's smuggling herself into Caesar's presence in the Pharos lighthouse by hiding in a rolled-up carpet. The lighthouse comes under attack and Caesar and his entourage swim to a Roman ship in the eastern harbour, with Cleopatra clinging on to Caesar.
Act IV.
Six months elapse with Romans and Cleopatra besieged in the palace in Alexandria. Cleopatra and Pothinus, who is a prisoner of war, discuss what will happen when Caesar eventually leaves and they disagree over whether Cleopatra or Ptolemy should rule. They part; Cleopatra to be hostess at a feast prepared for Caesar and his lieutenants, and Pothinus to tell Caesar that Cleopatra is a traitress who is only using Caesar to help her gain the Egyptian throne. Caesar considers that a natural motive and is not offended. But Cleopatra is enraged at Pothinus's allegation and secretly orders her nurse, Ftatateeta, to kill him, which she does, to the fury of the Egyptian populace, who begin storming the palace. Caesar draws up a battle plan and leaves to speak to his troops. Meanwhile, Rufio realises Ftatateeta was Pothinus's killer, and he kills her in turn. Cleopatra discovers the bloodied body concealed behind a curtain.
Act V.
Amid great pomp and ceremony, Caesar prepares to leave for Rome. His forces have swept Ptolemy's armies into the Nile, and Ptolemy himself was drowned when his barge sank. Caesar appoints Rufio governor of the province. As the gangplank is being extended from the quay to Caesar's ship, Cleopatra, dressed in mourning for her nurse, arrives. She accuses Rufio of murdering Ftatateeta. Rufio admits the killing, but says it was not for the sake of punishment, revenge or justice: he killed her without malice because she was a potential menace. Caesar approves of the execution because it was not influenced by spurious moralism. Cleopatra remains unforgiving until Caesar renews his earlier promise to send the young and dashing Mark Antony to Egypt. That renders her ecstatic as Caesar's ship starts moving out to sea.
Critical reception.
After the Broadway premiere "The New York Times" called the play "something to be thankful for" and praised the opening desert scene as "pure unadulterated fun, real comedy springing from a really comic idea".
H. L. Mencken wrote that Shaw makes Cleopatra a much more human character than Caesar. In Mencken's view Caesar shows too much "icy ... Shaw, in attempting to bring the great conqueror down to date, has rather expatriated him. He is scarcely a Roman". Mencken continued:
"The Times", reviewing the West End premiere, remarked, "The essence of his 'history in four acts', as it is ironically styled in the playbill, is the uttering of modern thoughts, modern slang, and topical allusions of our own day by more or less historical persons of a remote age". The reviewer commented that in this Shaw was following in the footsteps of Offenbach's librettists Henri Meilhac and Ludovic Halévy – "the old, old burlesque producing its old laughs in its old way". The reviewer found some of the dialogue "not a little tedious" and Shaw's Caesar sometimes "very close to being a bore".
In a 1977 study of Shaw's plays on historical themes, R. N. Roy writes that "Caesar and Cleopatra", published as one of the "Three Plays for Puritans", "is a play for Puritans in that it is anti-romantic ... a counterblast to Shakespeare's "Antony and Cleopatra" in which unmitigated lust has been poetised into heroism". In Roy's view it does not matter that Shaw’s Caesar is not a faithful portrait of the historical character: "Caesar occupies a very prominent place in the portrait-gallery of Shaw. He is a fine realist, a sublime artistic creation, and it is immaterial that he is not an exact replica of the Caesar of history".
After a 1992 revival, "The Stage" commented:
Themes.
Shaw had a long fascination with strong leaders, and later in his life he wrote approvingly of Mussolini, Stalin and Hitler, although he protested at "the silly complaint that I have collapsed into dictator-worship in my old age". At the time of "Caesar and Cleopatra", according to his biographer Michael Holroyd he longed for strong leaders – men who were naturally great. The play was, according to Shaw, "the first &amp; only dramatization of the greatest man that ever lived ... the projection on the stage of the hero in the big sense of the word". Shaw wanted to prove that it was not love but politics that drew Cleopatra to Caesar. He saw the Roman imperialism in ancient Egypt as similar to the British imperialism that was occurring during his time. Caesar understands the importance of good government, and values these things above art and love.
Shaw ignored the reality of Caesar's relationship with Cleopatra: within ten months of his arrival in Egypt the historical Caesar was the father of her son Caesarion.
Film, television and audio versions.
Shaw's play was the basis for the lavish 1945 motion picture "Caesar and Cleopatra", starring Claude Rains as Caesar and Vivien Leigh as Cleopatra and produced by Gabriel Pascal. Shaw collaborated closely on this production. After seeing part of the filming of the movie at Denham Studios in London, Shaw remarked, "What scope! What limitless possibilities!... Here you have the whole world to play with!" The film cost three times its original budget and was rated "the biggest financial failure in the history of British cinema". It was poorly received by British critics, although American reviews were friendlier. Shaw was disappointed by the finished film; he thought its lavishness nullified the drama and he considered the result "a poor imitation of Cecil B. de Mille".
The play has been adapted for television. The first version was in 1956, on NBC, starring Cedric Hardwicke as Caesar and Claire Bloom as Cleopatra, with Cyril Ritchard, Farley Granger, Jack Hawkins and Judith Anderson. A second version from NBC in 1976, starred Alec Guinness as Caesar and Geneviève Bujold as Cleopatra, with Clive Francis, Margaret Courtenay and Iain Cuthbertson.
A 1965 audio adaptation of the play was produced by Caedmon Records and directed by Anthony Quayle, starring Max Adrian as Caesar and Claire Bloom as Cleopatra, with Judith Anderson as Ftatateeta, Corin Redgrave as Apollodorus, and Jack Gwillim as Rufio. This version used the Alternative Prologue.
BBC Radio has broadcast four adaptations of "Caesar and Cleopatra":
Musical adaptation.
"Caesar and Cleopatra" was adapted for the 1968 Broadway musical "Her First Roman" by Ervin Drake; it was not a success.

</doc>
<doc id="6981780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981780" title="Myślibórz County">
Myślibórz County

Myślibórz County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship (a voivodeship, or province that is found in northwestern Poland along the German border). It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the town of Myślibórz, which lies south of the regional capital Szczecin. The county also contains the towns of Barlinek, lying east of Myślibórz, and Dębno, southwest of Myślibórz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 67,412, out of which the population of Barlinek is 14,156, that of Dębno is 13,903, that of Myślibórz is 11,867, and the rural population is 27,486.
Neighbouring counties.
Myślibórz County is bordered by Gryfino County to the northwest, Pyrzyce County and Stargard County to the north, Choszczno County to the northeast, Strzelce-Drezdenko County to the east, and Gorzów County to the southeast. It also borders Germany to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas. Two of the gminas are rural, whereas the other three have both urban and rural qualities. These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981781" title="Powiat of Myślibórz">
Powiat of Myślibórz



</doc>
<doc id="6981782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981782" title="Mysliborz County">
Mysliborz County



</doc>
<doc id="6981786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981786" title="Crushing by Elephant">
Crushing by Elephant



</doc>
<doc id="6981787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981787" title="National Jazz Festival">
National Jazz Festival



</doc>
<doc id="6981795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981795" title="Works by J. G. A. Pocock">
Works by J. G. A. Pocock



</doc>
<doc id="6981806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981806" title="National Jazz, Blues and Rock Festival">
National Jazz, Blues and Rock Festival



</doc>
<doc id="6981811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981811" title="Koszalin County">
Koszalin County

Koszalin County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the Baltic coast. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Koszalin, although the city is not part of the county (it constitutes a separate city county). The county contains three towns: Sianów, north-east of Koszalin, Bobolice, south-east of Koszalin, and Polanów, east of Koszalin.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 64,087, out of which the population of Sianów is 6,543, that of Bobolice is 4,446, that of Polanów is 2,967, and the rural population is 50,131.
Neighbouring counties.
Apart from the city of Koszalin, Koszalin County is also bordered by Sławno County, Słupsk County and Bytów County to the east, Szczecinek County and Białogard County to the south, and Kołobrzeg County to the west. It also borders the Baltic Sea to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into eight gminas (three urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981812" title="Powiat of Koszalin">
Powiat of Koszalin



</doc>
<doc id="6981816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981816" title="Sorengo">
Sorengo

Sorengo is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
History.
Sorengo was first mentioned in 1189 as "Sourengo" when the S. Lorenzo Cathedral in Lugano acquired the right to collect tithes.
In the Late Middle Ages a number of groups owned land or rights in Sorengo including; the monastery of S. Abbondio in Como (from 1265), Como Cathedral (mentioned in 1298), and various important family, including the Torriani and Rusca. Sorengo was first mentioned as an independent municipality in 1298, and the settlement of Cortivallo had partial independence into the 18th century. Sorengeo alternated with Lugano and Loreto as the meeting place of the General Council of the city and valley of Lugano. It was used by the Council in the 16th century, in 1687 and again in 1696.
The inhabitants of Sorengo were part of the parish of Lugano, until 1776 when they became a separate parish. The church of S. Maria Assunta dates back to about the end of the 11th century back, but is not mentioned until 1298. It was expanded in 1566–1593, then rebuilt several times, and renovated in 1975-76 and 1980–81. In 1565 some monks from Bigorio founded a Capuchin monastery by the church, which moved in 1653 to Lugano and is now known as SS. Trinità Monastery.
Since the 1950s, Sorengo has transformed from a rural village into a commuter town for the agglomeration of Lugano. Several organizations have settled in Sorengo including; the children's charity "Opera per l'assistenza alla ticinese fanciullezza" (since 1920), the S. Anna Hospital (since 1934) and the American private university, Franklin University Switzerland (since 1986). In 2005, 96% of jobs in the municipality were in the services sector.
Geography.
Sorengo has an area, , of . Of this area, or 65.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 15.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 58.8% is settled (buildings or roads) and or 2.4% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 40.0% and transportation infrastructure made up 14.1%. Power and water infrastructure as well as other special developed areas made up 2.4% of the area while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 2.4%. Out of the forested land, 9.4% of the total land area is heavily forested and 5.9% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 24.7% is used for growing crops, while 1.2% is used for orchards or vine crops and 40.0% is used for alpine pastures.
The municipality is located in the Lugano district, on the heights between Lake Lugano and Lago di Muzzano. It consists of the village of Sorengo with the village sections of Cortivallo and Cremignone. Lago di Muzzano is shared with the neighboring municipalities.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Vert a chestnut tree eradicated or surrounded with four robins proper reguardant towards it."
Demographics.
Sorengo has a population () of . , 33.5% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 15.3%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (83.5%), with German being second most common (7.8%) and French being third (3.1%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 122 speak German, 48 people speak French, 1,300 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (86 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 45.5% male and 54.5% female. The population was made up of 522 Swiss men (29.8% of the population), and 276 (15.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 650 Swiss women (37.1%), and 304 (17.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 17 live births to Swiss citizens and 2 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 12 deaths of Swiss citizens and 4 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 5 while the foreign population decreased by 2. There were 5 Swiss men and 4 Swiss women who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 40 non-Swiss men and 40 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 5 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 60 people. This represents a population growth rate of 3.8%.
The age distribution, , in Sorengo is; 151 children or 8.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 252 teenagers or 14.4% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 268 people or 15.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 197 people or 11.2% are between 30 and 39, 266 people or 15.2% are between 40 and 49, and 216 people or 12.3% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 204 people or 11.6% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 125 people or 7.1% are between 70 and 79, there are 73 people or 4.2% who are over 80.
, there were 618 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 163 single family homes (or 52.4% of the total) out of a total of 311 inhabited buildings. There were 62 two family buildings (19.9%) and 63 multi-family buildings (20.3%). There were also 23 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.26%. there were 708 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 228. There were 42 single room apartments and 228 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 614 apartments (86.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 46 apartments (6.5%) were seasonally occupied and 48 apartments (6.8%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 18.2 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 30.75% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (28.68%), the SP (16.19%) and the SVP (9.25%). In the federal election, a total of 553 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 56.6%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 964 registered voters in Sorengo, of which 668 or 69.3% voted. 13 blank ballots and 3 null ballots were cast, leaving 652 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 167 or 25.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 146 or 22.4%), the PS (with 107 or 16.4%) and the LEGA (with 80 or 12.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 6 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 660 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 164 or 24.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 141 or 21.4%), the PS (with 133 or 20.2%) and the LEGA (with 109 or 16.5%).
Economy.
, Sorengo had an unemployment rate of 3.41%. , there were 19 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 1 business involved in this sector. 25 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 4 businesses in this sector. 950 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 56 businesses in this sector. There were 742 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 43.0% of the workforce.
, there were 1,046 workers who commuted into the municipality and 575 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 1.8 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 19.2% of the workforce coming into Sorengo are coming from outside Switzerland, while 0.2% of the locals commute out of Switzerland for work. Of the working population, 10.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 55.1% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 1,184 or 76.0% were Roman Catholic, while 110 or 7.1% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 186 individuals (or about 11.95% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 77 individuals (or about 4.95% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Sorengo about 75.1% of the population (between age 25 and 64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Sorengo there were a total of 215 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Sorengo there were 48 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 63 students attended the standard primary schools and 2 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 57 students in the two-year middle school, while 22 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 11 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 8 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 4 students in the professional program.
, there were 331 students in Sorengo who came from another municipality, while 165 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Transport.
Sorengo is served by Sorengo station and Sorengo Laghetto station on the Lugano–Ponte Tresa railway. Both stations are served by regular trains, operating every 15 minutes during weekday daytime, and every half hour at other times. Sorengo is also served by buses of the Trasporti Pubblici Luganesi and Autopostale.

</doc>
<doc id="6981819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981819" title="Heavenly Waters">
Heavenly Waters

Heavenly Waters is either:

</doc>
<doc id="6981824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981824" title="River Loud">
River Loud

The River Loud is a river of Lancashire, England.
Starting out on Parlick, the Loud meanders mainly through the parish of Chipping, tracing its course first south-west, then south-east and, at Gill Bridge by Withinreap Farm, east before veering north-east, on a similar alignment to Longridge Road, passing Hesketh Lane and collecting Chipping Brook from Chipping to the north, before joining the east-flowing River Hodder near Doeford Bridge.
In geological history, the lower reaches of the Loud carried the waters of the River Hodder westward from Doeford Bridge to the "Derby Arms" north of Longridge (reversing the modern-day eastward flow), continuing south-westward through Halfpenny Lane on the west side of Longridge to join either Blundell Brook past Broughton church and Woodplumpton to join the River Wyre, or else Savick Brook through Fulwood to join the River Ribble.

</doc>
<doc id="6981837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981837" title="What If God Was One of Us">
What If God Was One of Us



</doc>
<doc id="6981838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981838" title="Men Together Today">
Men Together Today



</doc>
<doc id="6981842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981842" title="Torricella-Taverne">
Torricella-Taverne

Torricella-Taverne is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Geography.
Torricella-Taverne has an area, , of . Of this area, or 15.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 68.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 18.1% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.6% is either rivers or lakes and or 2.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 2.9% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 9.5% and transportation infrastructure made up 4.6%. Out of the forested land, 63.5% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 5.2% is used for growing crops and 9.5% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Argent an eagle displayed sable statant on two towers embatteled gules issuant from a base azure and on it a bendlet of the first."
Demographics.
Torricella-Taverne has a population () of . , 28.4% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 7%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (86.2%), with German being second most common (6.8%) and French being third (1.7%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 184 speak German, 46 people speak French, 2,331 people speak Italian, and 8 people speak Romansh. The remainder (135 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.6% male and 51.4% female. The population was made up of 982 Swiss men (32.8% of the population), and 472 (15.8%) non-Swiss men. There were 1,129 Swiss women (37.7%), and 408 (13.6%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 16 live births to Swiss citizens and 8 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 14 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 2 while the foreign population increased by 5. There were 2 Swiss men who emigrated from Switzerland and 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 7 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 36 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 16 people. This represents a population growth rate of -0.7%.
The age distribution, , in Torricella-Taverne is; 311 children or 10.4% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 328 teenagers or 11.0% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 375 people or 12.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 430 people or 14.4% are between 30 and 39, 512 people or 17.1% are between 40 and 49, and 420 people or 14.0% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 356 people or 11.9% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 170 people or 5.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 89 people or 3.0% who are over 80.
, there were 1,036 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.6 persons per household. there were 497 single family homes (or 70.6% of the total) out of a total of 704 inhabited buildings. There were 121 two family buildings (17.2%) and 57 multi-family buildings (8.1%). There were also 29 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.08%. there were 1,186 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 398. There were 39 single room apartments and 336 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 1,034 apartments (87.2% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 139 apartments (11.7%) were seasonally occupied and 13 apartments (1.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.7 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 25.46% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (21.99%), the Ticino League (18.97%) and the SP (16.97%). In the federal election, a total of 822 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 49.4%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,651 registered voters in Torricella-Taverne, of which 1,015 or 61.5% voted. 14 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 1,000 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 264 or 26.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 179 or 17.9%), the PPD+GenGiova (with 156 or 15.6%) and the LEGA (with 154 or 15.4%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 12 blank ballots and 6 null ballots were cast, leaving 997 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 238 or 23.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 221 or 22.2%), the PS (with 165 or 16.5%) and the PPD (with 160 or 16.0%).
Economy.
, Torricella-Taverne had an unemployment rate of 3.58%. , there were 16 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 6 businesses involved in this sector. 405 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 50 businesses in this sector. 646 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 106 businesses in this sector. There were 1,291 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.1% of the workforce.
, there were 765 workers who commuted into the municipality and 1,011 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 1.3 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 30.3% of the workforce coming into Torricella-Taverne are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 9.6% used public transportation to get to work, and 66.7% used a private car.
, there were 2 hotels in Torricella-Taverne.
Religion.
From the , 2,027 or 75.0% were Roman Catholic, while 231 or 8.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 289 individuals (or about 10.69% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 157 individuals (or about 5.81% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Torricella-Taverne about 64.7% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Torricella-Taverne there were a total of 540 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Torricella-Taverne there were 81 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 180 students attended the standard primary schools and 6 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 134 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 50 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 23 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 58 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 7 students in the professional program.
, there were 21 students in Torricella-Taverne who came from another municipality, while 305 residents attended schools outside the municipality.
Architecture.
Like in many other places in Ticino, there are interesting examples of architectural design, such as:
Transport.
Torricella-Taverne is served by the Taverne-Torricella station, situated on the border with the adjoining municipality of Lamone and Bedano. The station is on the Gotthard railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6981843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981843" title="John Johnston (courtier)">
John Johnston (courtier)

Lieutenant Colonel Sir John Frederick Dame Johnston, (24 August 1922 – 10 September 2006) was a British Army officer and courtier. He joined the Royal Household in 1964, serving as Assistant Comptroller and then Comptroller of the Lord Chamberlain's Office. Sometimes known as "Stopwatch Johnny", he was one of the Queen's most popular courtiers. His duties included co-ordinating the weddings of Charles, Prince of Wales and Lady Diana Spencer at St Paul's Cathedral in 1981 and of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson at Westminster Abbey in 1986, and the funeral of The Duchess of Windsor at St George's Chapel, Windsor, also in 1986.
Early life and education.
Johnston was born in Burma, where his father was a banker in Mandalay. Brought up as a Roman Catholic, he was educated at Ampleforth College, where he became friends with Basil Hume.
Military career.
In 1941, Johnston joined the 4th Battalion, Grenadier Guards, then being converted from infantry into an armoured formation with Churchill tanks. He commanded a squadron and then a troop. His troop was part of a diversion force posted to mislead the Germans into expecting an invasion of the Pas de Calais, so he landed in Normandy six weeks after D-Day. His battalion advanced through Belgium and the Netherlands, entering German territory near Minden. He sustained head injuries from a "Panzerfaust" attack on 21 April 1945, and he was hospitalised in Brussels. After convalescing and some leave, he rejoined his unit after VE Day in Schleswig-Holstein. He was awarded the Military Cross for his actions on the advance to the Elbe, and remained in the army after demobilisation. He wrote of his war-time experiences in his "Memoirs of a Tank Troop Leader".
In 1949, Johnston married the Honourable Elizabeth Hardinge, the younger daughter of Alexander Hardinge, 2nd Baron Hardinge of Penshurst, who was Private Secretary to the Sovereign from 1936 to 1943. Johnston first met his future wife at Welbeck College, where she was visiting her older sister who was married to another officer. She was later a magistrate in Windsor. Together, they had a son and a daughter. She died in 1995.
Johnston was brigade major of the Household Division from October 1959 to August 1962, and he led the royal procession at Trooping the Colour in 1962, although he quickly had to be taught to ride a horse first. He commanded the 1st Battalion, Grenadier Guards in Germany, and retired from the British Army as a lieutenant colonel in July 1964. On 7 September 1958, he appeared on the television show What's My Line?.
Courtier.
On leaving the army, Johnston joined the Lord Chamberlain's Office as Assistant Comptroller. He was appointed an Extra Equerry to the Queen in 1965. Until 1968, the Lord Chamberlain's duties included the licensing (and censoring) of plays and theatres under the Theatres Act 1843. He described the historic role of the Lord Chamberlain's Office in this area in his 1990 book, "The Lord Chamberlain's Blue Pencil". Amongst his other duties, he helped to organise the celebrations of The Queen's Silver Jubilee in 1977.
Johnston was promoted to Comptroller in 1981, replacing Lieutenant Colonel Sir Eric Penn shortly before the 1981 royal wedding of Charles, Prince of Wales and Lady Diana Spencer. As Comptroller, he took charge of protocol, state visits, investitures, garden parties, the State Opening of Parliament, royal weddings and royal funerals, administration of the royal palaces and the Royal Collection, the Central Chancery of Knighthood, the Lords-in-Waiting, the Gentlemen at Arms, the Yeomen of the Guard, the Royal Company of Archers, the Queen's Bargemaster, the Royal Watermen, and supervised swan upping. He also controlled royal styles and titles, matters of precedence, granting of Royal Warrants, and licensing the use of the royal arms. On one occasion, when dressed in the uniform of the Grenadier Guards, he stood prominently beside The Queen on Horse Guards Parade, holding her handbag.
Amongst his other interests, Johnston was president of Hearing Dogs for the Deaf.
For many years, Johnston occupied a grace and favour cottage in Home Park, Windsor. He bought a cottage in west Wales in the 1970s, which he used as a holiday home. He was appointed a Member of the Royal Victorian Order in 1971, advanced to Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1977, and made a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1981. He was appointed a Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order in 1987, the year in which he retired. He was succeeded as Comptroller by Lieutenant Colonel George Alston-Roberts-West, and moved to a house in Windsor Great Park.

</doc>
<doc id="6981847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981847" title="What if God Were One of Us">
What if God Were One of Us



</doc>
<doc id="6981850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981850" title="Valcolla">
Valcolla

Valcolla is a quarter of the city of Lugano and former municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. On 14 April 2013 the former municipalities of Bogno, Cadro, Carona, Certara, Cimadera, Sonvico and Valcolla merged into the municipality of Lugano.
Geography.
Valcolla is in the upper section of the Val Colla, the mountain valley in which the Cassarate River rises.
Before the merger, Valcolla had a total area of . Of this area, or 4.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 51.9% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.4% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.4% is either rivers or lakes and or 10.6% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.2% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.5%. Out of the forested land, 45.4% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.2% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.6% is used for growing crops and 2.2% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 10.1% is unproductive vegetation.
In 1956 the municipality was created from the merger of Colla, Insone, Piandera, Scareglia and Signôra.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a garbe or on a base vert."
Demographics.
Valcolla had a population (as of 2011) of 629. , 7.7% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 16%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (88.5%), with German being second most common (8.8%) and French being third (1.3%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 49 speak German, 7 people speak French, 494 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (7 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 49.1% male and 50.9% female. The population was made up of 278 Swiss men (44.9% of the population), and 26 (4.2%) non-Swiss men. There were 292 Swiss women (47.2%), and 23 (3.7%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 4 live births to Swiss citizens and were 7 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 3 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There were 2 Swiss men who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there was 1 non-Swiss man and 4 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 31 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of -4.8%.
The age distribution, , in Valcolla is; 50 children or 8.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 53 teenagers or 8.6% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 63 people or 10.2% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 69 people or 11.1% are between 30 and 39, 119 people or 19.2% are between 40 and 49, and 81 people or 13.1% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 68 people or 11.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 68 people or 11.0% are between 70 and 79, there are 48 people or 7.8% who are over 80.
, there were 245 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 466 single family homes (or 92.1% of the total) out of a total of 506 inhabited buildings. There were 29 two family buildings (5.7%) and 4 multi-family buildings (0.8%). There were also 7 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 541 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 157. There were 38 single room apartments and 157 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 245 apartments (45.3% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 294 apartments (54.3%) were seasonally occupied and 2 apartments (0.4%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 4.8 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 29.28% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SP (20.46%), the FDP (18.8%) and the Ticino League (14.21%). In the federal election, a total of 223 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 44.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 510 registered voters in Valcolla, of which 312 or 61.2% voted. 4 blank ballots and 1 null ballot were cast, leaving 307 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 72 or 23.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 58 or 18.9%), the LEGA (with 52 or 16.9%) and the PS (with 50 or 16.3%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 2 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 308 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 84 or 27.3% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PPD (with 67 or 21.8%), the PS (with 66 or 21.4%) and the PLRT (with 42 or 13.6%).
Economy.
, Valcolla had an unemployment rate of 4.79%. , there were 8 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 4 businesses involved in this sector. 6 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 3 businesses in this sector. 88 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 16 businesses in this sector. There were 236 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 42.4% of the workforce.
, there were 31 workers who commuted into the municipality and 179 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 5.8 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 22.6% of the workforce coming into Valcolla are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 6.8% used public transportation to get to work, and 70.8% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Valcolla.
Religion.
From the , 453 or 81.2% were Roman Catholic, while 27 or 4.8% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 50 individuals (or about 8.96% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 28 individuals (or about 5.02% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Valcolla about 73% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Valcolla there were a total of 98 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Valcolla there were 18 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 30 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 27 students in the two-year middle school, while 6 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 7 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 8 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 43 students from Valcolla who attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6981857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981857" title="If God Was One of Us">
If God Was One of Us



</doc>
<doc id="6981865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981865" title="Marshall Ney">
Marshall Ney



</doc>
<doc id="6981866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981866" title="Contardus of Naples">
Contardus of Naples

Contard (also Contardus or Contardo), a Frank, was briefly the Duke of Naples in 840.
He was sent by Lothair I, King of Italy, in 839 to aid Duke Andrew II against the warring Lombards of the Principality of Benevento. Fearful of Contard's power and Frankish influence, Andrew promised him his daughter Eupraxia in marriage. Andrew, however, put off the marriage until, in March 840, Contardus rose against him and had him killed, usurping his place. Within three days, the Neapolitans had expelled Contard.

</doc>
<doc id="6981869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981869" title="Contardus">
Contardus



</doc>
<doc id="6981875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981875" title="Stade Montois Rugby">
Stade Montois Rugby

Stade Montois Rugby is a French rugby union team that currently is playing in Pro D2, the second level of the country's professional league system.
They were founded in 1908 and play in yellow and black. They are based in Mont-de-Marsan, the capital of the Landes "département", in Nouvelle-Aquitaine, and play at the Stade Guy Boniface.
History.
Stade Montois is a multi-sports club (28 sections) but its rugby team has always been its flagship. After winning a few regional titles between the two world wars, it reached the top of French club rugby four times in 15 years. It lost its first three French championship finals to Castres Olympique in 1949 (3-14, in a replay, after the original final had ended in a 3-3 draw), to FC Lourdes in 1953 (16-21), and to Racing Club de France in 1959 (3-8). Their finest hour came in 1963 in an all Landes-final against US Dax, won by the Yellow and Black 9-6. They had finally won one, whereas their Dax neighbours would lose all five finals they would play in.
It finished in the bottom table in the first-tier Top 14 in the 2008–09 season. They had just been promoted to the Top 14 after winning the Pro D2 promotion playoffs. They remained in Pro D2 for three seasons before successfully navigating the 2012 promotion playoffs.
Stade Montois' players include the Boniface brothers (André and Guy, who died in a car accident on 1 January 1968), Thomas Castaignède, Christian Darrouy, Benoît Dauga, Laurent Rodriguez. Former Leicester Tigers and Fiji scrum-half wizard Waisale Serevi also played for them as well as other notable Fijians such as Viliame Satala and Vilimoni Delasau.
Current squad.
The squad for the 2024–25 season is:

</doc>
<doc id="6981879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981879" title="Sadat Academy for Management Sciences">
Sadat Academy for Management Sciences

Sadat Academy for Management Sciences (SAMS) (Arabic:أكاديمية السادات للعلوم الإدارية "ʼAkādemyāt ʼal-sādāt lil-ʿoloom al ʼedāriāh") is an Egyptian Public Academy under the authorization of the Ministry of State for Administrative Development (SAMS) founded in Egypt in 1981. Its headquarters in Maadi (Corniche el Nile), including The Faculty of Management Sciences (FMS), and The Research and Information Center (RIC), SAMS branch in Ramsis street in Cairo, has the Training Center and Managerial Consultation Center.
Educational Programs.
Under Graduate Program.
SAMS undergraduate program is mainly located in Cairo, Maadi. It is also offered in two of SAMS premises situated in the cities of Port Said, and Dekernes (Delta). It awards bachelor's degree in Management Sciences, accredited by the Supreme Council of Universities Decrees No. 3 of 1986 and No. 110 of 2006.
The following new specializations have been recently introduced:

</doc>
<doc id="6981883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981883" title="Rasputin in the Media">
Rasputin in the Media



</doc>
<doc id="6981894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981894" title="Walerian Lukasinski">
Walerian Lukasinski



</doc>
<doc id="6981906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981906" title="Stargard County">
Stargard County

Stargard County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Stargard, which lies east of the regional capital Szczecin. The county contains four other towns: Chociwel, north-east of Stargard, Dobrzany, east of Stargard, Ińsko, east of Stargard, and Suchań, east of Stargard.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 119,402, out of which the population of Stargard is 70,534, that of Chociwel is 3,285, that of Dobrzany is 2,420, that of Ińsko is 2,001, that of Suchań is 1,446, and the rural population is 39,716.
Neighbouring counties.
Stargard County is bordered by Goleniów County to the north, Łobez County to the north-east, Drawsko County to the east, Choszczno County to the south-east, Myślibórz County and Pyrzyce County to the south, and Gryfino County and the city of Szczecin to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into 10 gminas (one urban, four urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981908" title="Powiat of Stargard">
Powiat of Stargard



</doc>
<doc id="6981909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981909" title="Powiat of Stargard Szczeciński">
Powiat of Stargard Szczeciński



</doc>
<doc id="6981912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981912" title="Stargard Szczeciński County">
Stargard Szczeciński County



</doc>
<doc id="6981914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981914" title="Derry Senior Football Championship">
Derry Senior Football Championship

The Derry Senior Football Championship is an annual Gaelic football competition contested by the top sixteen Derry GAA clubs. The winners receive the John McLaughlin Cup and qualify to represent Derry in the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship.
Newbridge are the title holders, having defeated Glen in the 2024 final.
History.
Bellaghy have won the competition more than any other club with 21 titles. Bellaghy's Tom Scullion has more senior football championship medals than anyone in Derry, winning 12 medals between 1956 and 1971.
Bellaghy and Slaughtneil are the only teams to have won four consecutive titles. As well as the four-in-a-row, Bellaghy have also won three consecutive titles on two other separate occasions. Ballinderry have also won three consecutive titles on two separate occasions.
Format.
Current format.
In 2016, the championship reverted to its traditional knock-out format. All fixtures are determined by open-draw and are played at neutral venues. The majority of games are played at Owenbeg, near Dungiven. The final is usually played at Celtic Park, Derry.
Historical formats.
Before 1958, three regional tournaments were played to determine the Derry Senior Football Championship finalists - the South Derry Senior Football Championship, the North Derry Senior Football Championship and the Derry City Senior Football Championship. Of the three winners, one received a bye to the final (in alternating years) and the other two played a semi-final to determine who qualified for the Derry Senior Football Championship final.
From 1958 to 2006 the championship took the form of an open-draw knock-out.
From 2007 to 2008 the championship was altered to include a round-robin group stage with the 16 teams divided into four groups. Each club in a group played each other once with the top two in each group advancing to the quarter-finals. From the quarter-finals onwards the competition was knock-out.
In 2009 a "backdoor" system was introduced -
Trophies.
The cup for the winners of the Derry Senior Football Championship is named after John McLaughlin, a former leading official in Derry GAA. He was a native of Inishowen in County Donegal, having been born in Fahan. He was for a long time chairman of the North Derry Board and he was elected chairman of the County Board in about 1943 or 1944 in succession to Paddy Larkin, a post he held until his death in 1961. The County Board decided to purchase a new cup and present it to the winners of the Senior Championship in the following year. In 1989 the cup was replaced, but it is still called the John McLaughlin Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6981932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981932" title="Phil Spalding">
Phil Spalding

Philip Trevor Spalding (19 November 1957 – 5 February 2023) was an English bass player. He was best known as a session musician and player of Fender Precision Bass guitars. He played and appeared with performing artists such as Mike Oldfield, Mick Jagger, Seal, Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, Elton John, Heaven 17 and Randy Crawford.
At an early age, he was a successful child model and appeared in a television advertisement for Smiths Crisps. Spalding was a computer operator for a high street bank, before joining rock artist Bernie Tormé in 1976. Later he joined Original Mirrors before beginning a collaboration with Toyah, in December 1980. Whilst with The Toyah band, he recorded and co-wrote songs for studio albums and toured with the band, until 1983. Later he was a member of GTR and Mike Oldfield's band. He later appeared on albums by Michel Polnareff, Suggs, Robbie Williams and Kylie Minogue.
Spalding also recorded all bass tracks on "The Lion King" soundtrack studio album.
As someone formerly affected by hepatitis C, he appeared on BBC Oxford on 28 July 2008 to promote a vaccine trial for the disease. Spalding started a patient support group called Hep C Positive in Swindon, and worked with the charity Liver4Life to raise awareness of hepatitis C.
In February 2012, he joined the Simon Townshend band for the 'Secret Weapon' UK tour in support of the album "Looking Out, Looking In". Spalding played bass with The Who at their promotional acoustic concerts at Pryzm in Kingston, London on 12 February 2020.
He was a Freemason and was a member of Westminster City School Lodge no. 4305.
Spalding died on 5 February 2023, at the age of 65.
Discography.
With Max Bacon
With Melanie C
With Roger Chapman
With Ray Charles
With Joe Cocker
With Randy Crawford
With Stephen Dale Petit
With Marcella Detroit
With Julia Downes
With Terence Trent D'Arby
With Delta Goodrem
With GTR
With Geri Halliwell
With Mick Jagger
With Elton John
With Beverley Knight
With Nick Lachey
With Kylie Minogue
With Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark
With Michel Polnareff
With Skin
With Freddie Starr
With Matthew Sweet
With Talk Talk
With Roger Taylor
With Judie Tzuke
With Robbie Williams

</doc>
<doc id="6981934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981934" title="Salty Water">
Salty Water



</doc>
<doc id="6981935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981935" title="Kęstutis Marčiulionis">
Kęstutis Marčiulionis

Kęstutis Marčiulionis (born April 4, 1977) is a Lithuanian basketball player. He is a point guard.
Kęstutis Marčiulionis played NCAA collegiate basketball at the University of Delaware in the United States. He has represented his home country in several international competitions, most notably the 2000 Summer Olympics, where he won a bronze medal.
Marčiulionis also played high school basketball for Huguenot Academy, a small private school located in Powhatan County, Virginia, during its 1994–1995 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6981942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981942" title="Good Good Boys">
Good Good Boys



</doc>
<doc id="6981943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981943" title="Drawsko County">
Drawsko County

Drawsko County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the town of Drawsko Pomorskie, which lies east of the regional capital Szczecin. The county contains three other towns: Złocieniec, east of Drawsko Pomorskie, Czaplinek, east of Drawsko Pomorskie, and Kalisz Pomorski, south of Drawsko Pomorskie.
The county covers an area of . As of 2015 its total population is 58,062, out of which the population of Złocieniec is 13,377, that of Drawsko Pomorskie is 11,465, that of Czaplinek is 6,933, that of Kalisz Pomorski is 3,989, and the rural population is 22,309.
The eastern part of the county contains part of the protected area known as Drawsko Landscape Park.
Neighbouring counties.
Drawsko County is bordered by Świdwin County to the north, Szczecinek County and Złotów County to the east, Wałcz County to the south-east, Choszczno County to the south, Stargard County to the west, and Łobez County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (four urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
See also.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6981944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981944" title="Powiat of Drawsko">
Powiat of Drawsko



</doc>
<doc id="6981946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981946" title="Powiat of Drawsko Pomorskie">
Powiat of Drawsko Pomorskie



</doc>
<doc id="6981947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981947" title="Drawsko Pomorskie County">
Drawsko Pomorskie County



</doc>
<doc id="6981948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981948" title="Moley &amp; Me">
Moley &amp; Me



</doc>
<doc id="6981951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981951" title="Walnut Creek Ampitheatre">
Walnut Creek Ampitheatre



</doc>
<doc id="6981952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981952" title="MM-M">
MM-M



</doc>
<doc id="6981953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981953" title="The Smallest Church In Sussex">
The Smallest Church In Sussex



</doc>
<doc id="6981955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981955" title="Kestutis Marciulionis">
Kestutis Marciulionis



</doc>
<doc id="6981957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981957" title="Freedmen bureau">
Freedmen bureau



</doc>
<doc id="6981958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981958" title="The Scottish Wildlife Experience">
The Scottish Wildlife Experience



</doc>
<doc id="6981959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981959" title="Black Rock Beacon">
Black Rock Beacon

The Black Rock Beacon is a newspaper made by and for burners, or fans and attendees of the annual Burning Man festival in Nevada. It was started in 2005 by former staff members of the "Black Rock Gazette" when that newspaper no longer received funding from Burning Man LLC. It continues to publish annually. The newspaper aims to publish daily editions during the annual Burning Man event. The print paper is ad-free and is funded through donations, with all of its content is made available under a Creative Commons license.
History.
Creation from the "Gazette": 2005.
The "Black Rock Beacon" was started in 2005 by former staff members of the "Black Rock Gazette" when that newspaper ceased to receive funding from the Burning Man LLC to cover the annual Burning Man event in Black Rock City, Nevada. This event is viewed in contrary ways by both parties. While the "Beacon" founders said they were effectively fired, the Burning Man organization claims it and the "Gazette" staff mutually decided to pursue "separate missions." On its official website in 2023, Burning Man continued to host a 2005 statement describing the split as resulting from a situation where "the journalistic needs of the publisher and editorial staff have not always remained well-aligned. In 2005, after publishing the spring "Black Top Gazette", the two groups decided to pursue separate missions... dedicated "Gazette" staff created the "Black Rock Beacon" as a completely participant-driven publication. As an independent publication, the editors of the "Beacon" naturally enjoy full journalistic license to cover the news in Black Rock City without any oversight by the Burning Man Project." The "Gazette," in turn, in 2005 became a one-page broadsheet. Previously, the "Black Rock Gazette" had taken several forms as a community newspaper, operated in part by participants and in part by the Burning Man organization.
Yearly editions: 2006-2024.
In 2007, the paper continued to be published during the 8-day festival in August.
In 2009, after an unprecedented 130 theme camps were denied reserved campsites by the Burning Man Organization, the "Black Rock Beacon" published an "Alternative What Where When" guide at Burning Man. Unplaced camps were able to list their addresses and events in the AWWW in a manner similar to that for placed camps in Black Rock City's official "What Where When" publication.
In 2012, Mitchell Martin served as the "Black Rock Beacon" editor, quoting for "The Guardian" that year that it was estimated scalpers had snatched around 15,000 Burning Man tickets, although the estimate was rough. In September 2017, the "Wall Street Journal" described a "newspaper war" occurring between Burning Man journalists, noting that the "Black Rock Beacon" had held holding morning news meetings for that August's events, in one case delayed by dust storms.
The Beacon did not publish from 2020 through 2023, largely because of the Covid pandemic. Three issues appeared in 2024.
Business model.
The newspaper aims to publish daily editions during the annual Burning Man event. The "Black Rock Beacon" itself is ad-free and is funded through donations, though the paper does accept advertising on its web site. All of its content is made available under a Creative Commons license.

</doc>
<doc id="6981963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981963" title="Counts of Besalú">
Counts of Besalú



</doc>
<doc id="6981964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981964" title="W Day">
W Day



</doc>
<doc id="6981967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981967" title="Freedman's Buro">
Freedman's Buro



</doc>
<doc id="6981968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981968" title="Manx Spirit">
Manx Spirit

ManX Spirit is a clear spirit, 40% alcohol by volume which is distilled by Kella Distillers Ltd in a small distillery in Sulby, Isle of Man. It is produced by redistillation of existing Scottish whiskies, resulting in a clear and colourless product; as of 2012 is the only distilled spirit produced on the Isle of Man. As of 1997, the product sold 50,000 bottles per year, mostly on the Isle of Man and to the Far East.
In 1997, a United Kingdom High Court case, brought by United Distillers and Allied Domecq, concluded that despite being based on whisky and tasting "like a good whisky", the redistillation process and lack of colour meant that the drink could not legally be sold in the United Kingdom while labeled as "whisky".
ManX Spirit won 2 stars in the 2017 Great Taste Awards.
It also won a silver medal in the 2019 International Wine and Spirits Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6981977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981977" title="Michael Devaney (racing driver)">
Michael Devaney (racing driver)

Michael Devaney (born 29 November 1984 in Dublin) is an Irish racing driver.
Career overview.
Michael Devaney has been racing since 1997 when he had a successful stint in the Irish Junior Karting Championship winning the All-Ireland and National Championships. He moved into Irish Formula Ford Championship in 2001 aged 16 winning many races, he then moved on to German Formula BMW in 2002 and won in just his second race ahead of Nico Rosberg. Devaney moved up to German Formula 3 in 2004 and became Ireland's youngest ever Formula 3 race winner, in 2005 he fought for the championship and finished 2nd overall despite missing the first two races due to lack of funding. The Dublin man then became the driver for A1 Team Ireland in the A1 Grand Prix series for the 2006–07 season after some strong showings in 2005 while substituting for Ralph Firman Jnr.
After leaving his drive with Team Ireland, Devaney signed for newly formed Ultimate Motorsport to compete in the International British Formula 3 Championship with new Formula 3 constructor Mygale. He took the team's first two victories thanks to a double win at Snetterton. He is currently without a drive after Ultimate pulled out of British F3. 
Awards.
Michael Devaney has won the following awards during his short time in motorsport:
He has also achieved:

</doc>
<doc id="6981981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981981" title="Green Grass of Tunnel">
Green Grass of Tunnel

"Green Grass of Tunnel" is a song by Icelandic band Múm. It was released as a single from their 2002 album "Finally We Are No One", on FatCat Records on 29 April 2002. It peaked at number 90 on the UK Singles Chart. "Pitchfork" listed it 484th on its countdown of the Top 500 tracks of the 2000s.
Music video.
The music video was created in computer graphics by Semiconductor's Joe Gerhardt and Ruth Jarman. It follows the view of a flock of birds, and presents a lighthouse, presumably very similar to the house in which they stayed. Brad Osborn has noted how the craggy, icy peaks depicted in the video are linked to the pentatonic leaps in the lead vocal melody, and also to the cold, metallic timbres used in the recording.
Track listing.
The promo CD includes "Green Grass of Tunnel" (video version).
Cover version.
The song was covered by British Sea Power on their 2005 single "It Ended on an Oily Stage".

</doc>
<doc id="6981988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981988" title="Wolf Mankowitz">
Wolf Mankowitz

Cyril Wolf Mankowitz (7 November 1924 – 20 May 1998) was an English writer, playwright and screenwriter. He is particularly known for four novels— "Make Me an Offer" (1952), "A Kid for Two Farthings" (1953), "My Old Man's a Dustman" and "Expresso Bongo" (1958) — and other plays, historical studies, and the screenplays for many successful films which have received awards, including the Oscar, Bafta and the Cannes Grand Prix.
Early life.
Mankowitz was born in Fashion Street in Spitalfields in the East End of London, the heart of London's Jewish community until the 1940s, of Russian-Jewish descent. He was educated at East Ham Grammar School for Boys and Downing College, Cambridge.
Career.
Mankowitz originally worked as an antiques dealer. He specialised in porcelain, and in 1953 published a book on the Portland Vase. His first book, "Make Me an Offer", was based on his experiences in the antiques trade.
The area in which he grew up provided Mankowitz with the material for his most successful book "A Kid for Two Farthings" (1953). This was adapted as a film by the director Carol Reed in 1955; Mankowitz wrote the screenplay. In 1958 he wrote the book for the West End musical "Expresso Bongo" which was adapted into a film starring Cliff Richard and Laurence Harvey the following year. Its director Val Guest suggested to Harvey that it might be a good idea to model his film role of Johnny Jackson on Mankowitz's own character, and so Harvey arranged a couple of lunches with the unsuspecting writer to study him at close hand, resulting in the character on film sounding something like Mankowitz. Mankowitz himself appears in the film's opening credit sequence, wearing a sandwich board that bears his writer credit. In 1958 he wrote the scripts for the ITV sitcom "East End, West End" set in London's East End and starring Sid James.
Mankowitz's script for Anthony Asquith's film "The Millionairess" (1960), based on the 1936 play by George Bernard Shaw and starring Sophia Loren and Peter Sellers, was nominated for a BAFTA Award for best screenplay. Another screenplay at this time was a further collaboration with Val Guest for the science fiction film "The Day the Earth Caught Fire" (1961).
In 1962, Mankowitz offered to introduce his friend Cubby Broccoli to Harry Saltzman, holder of the film rights to James Bond, when Broccoli mentioned he desired to make the Bond series his next film project. Broccoli and Saltzman then formed Eon Productions and began co-producing the first Bond film, "Dr No", for which Mankowitz was hired as one of the screenwriters. After viewing early rushes, Mankowitz feared that the film would be a disaster and damage his reputation, and insisted on having his name removed from the film's credits. He later collaborated on the screenplay for the non-Eon 1967 Bond movie "Casino Royale". He wrote the script for Yorkshire Television's serial "Dickens of London" (1976) and the book of the same name based on his research when writing the series.
Mankowitz was an original investor in the Partisan Coffee House, a meeting place for the New Left just off Soho Square, which functioned from 1958 to 1962. During the late 1960s, he was part-owner of the Pickwick Club in Great Newport Street, off Charing Cross Road in central London.
Mankowitz also had a reputation as a playwright. Several of his plays started as either films or television plays. His plays include "The Samson Riddle", "The Bespoke Overcoat", "The Hebrew Lesson" (for the stage premiere it was retitled "The Irish Hebrew Lesson"), "It Should Happen to a Dog" and "The Mighty Hunter".
Personal life.
In 1944, Mankowitz married Ann Seligmann, a psychoanalyst; the couple met at Cambridge University. They had four sons; the eldest of whom, Gered, is a photographer. His sister, Barbara Mankowitz, was eminent in the china trade in London.
Mankowitz died of cancer in 1998 in County Cork, Ireland, aged 73; his ashes are at the Golders Green Crematorium.
Files placed in the public domain during August 2010 revealed that for a decade after the Second World War, Mankowitz was suspected by security service MI5 of being a communist agent. The investigation was dropped after he cancelled a visit to Russia in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="6981989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981989" title="When I Go Out">
When I Go Out



</doc>
<doc id="6981992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981992" title="Crystal Horse">
Crystal Horse



</doc>
<doc id="6981996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981996" title="Kamień County">
Kamień County

Kamień County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the Baltic coast. It existed from 1945 to 1975 and was re-established in its current form on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Kamień Pomorski, which lies north of the regional capital Szczecin. The county contains four other towns: Międzyzdroje, west of Kamień Pomorski, Wolin, south-west of Kamień Pomorski, Dziwnów, north-west of Kamień Pomorski, and Golczewo, south-east of Kamień Pomorski.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006, its total population is 47,604, out of which the population of Kamień Pomorski is 9,134, that of Misdroy is 5,436, that of Wolin is 4,878, that of Dziwnów is 2,949, that of Golczewo is 2,724, and the rural population is 22,483.
Neighbouring counties.
Kamień County is bordered by Gryfice County to the east, Goleniów County to the south and the city of Świnoujście to the west. It also borders the Baltic Sea to the north.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (five urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6981999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6981999" title="Powiat of Kamień">
Powiat of Kamień



</doc>
<doc id="6982000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982000" title="Kamien County">
Kamien County



</doc>
<doc id="6982001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982001" title="Powiat of Kamień Pomorski">
Powiat of Kamień Pomorski



</doc>
<doc id="6982003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982003" title="711 (Quality Comics)">
711 (Quality Comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6982004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982004" title="Kamień Pomorski County">
Kamień Pomorski County



</doc>
<doc id="6982006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982006" title="Phil spalding">
Phil spalding



</doc>
<doc id="6982009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982009" title="Colne Water">
Colne Water

Colne Water is a river in eastern Lancashire. It is approximately long and has a catchment area excluding its major tributaries (the River Laneshaw, Wycoller Beck, Trawden Brook and Wanless Water) of .
Colne Water is formed at the Covey Bridge near Laneshaw Bridge by the confluence of the River Laneshaw and Wycoller Beck. From there, the river runs in a westerly direction toward the town of Colne, collecting Trawden Brook at Cottontree. It continues through Colne's south valley, meeting Church Clough Brook in the Waterside area and passing under the East Lancashire railway line viaduct and the A56 Burnley Road at Primet Bridge. It is joined by Guy Syke at the Greenfield Bridge and passes the town's sewage works as it leaves, shortly afterwards collecting Wanless Water and then Swinden Clough just before it passes under the Leeds and Liverpool Canal. It joins Pendle Water at the Lowerford part of Barrowford, just after the M65 motorway bridge.
The name Colne possibly originates from the ancient British language, but the meaning is uncertain. It is thought that the town takes its name from the river. Water (OE ) is a common name for a stream, most often found in southern Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="6982010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982010" title="Viqarunnisa Noon School and College">
Viqarunnisa Noon School and College

Viqarunnisa Noon School &amp; College (), also known as VNSC, is an all-girls secondary school and college in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It has about 25,000 students at four campuses in the city. It is named after Viqar un Nisa Noon.
History.
The school began as Ramna Preparatory School in 1947. Austrian—Pakistani social worker Begum Viqar un Nisa Noon, wife of "the then"-governor of East Pakistan, Firoz Khan Noon, was impressed when she visited in 1950. With her support, the school moved to Bailey Road, where it was renamed in her honour on 14 January 1952.
It soon expanded to a high school and, in 1956, prepared students for Senior Cambridge Examination. In 1978, it started a college section with higher secondary courses. In 1986, a day shift was introduced in the main campus. The school opened additional branches in Azimpur, Bashundhara, and Dhanmondi. In 1989, a parent, Sagira Morshed Salam, was killed by a mugger in an attempted mugging in front of the school.
A team from the school participated in an international handball tournament in Denmark in 1992.
In 1995, the school introduced English medium courses.
On 10 April 2004, the principal of the school, Royena Hossain, filed a case against former member of parliament and Awami League politician, HBM Iqbal who was the chairman of the Viqarunnisa University Foundation with the Dhaka District and Sessions Judge's Court, alleging that he had embezzled more than 80 million BDT from the foundation's fund. Staff of Viqarunnisa University were also accused in the case.
In 2005, Viqarunnisa Noon School and College was second college under the Dhaka Education Board. In August 2009, the Government of Pakistan, through the High Commission in Dhaka, provided funding for a computer lab for the Azimpur branch of the school.
In 2007, Viqarunnisa Noon School and College was one of three top colleges under the Dhaka Education Board. In April 2008, a forum for guardians of students at the school was created. Two students of the school were kidnapped and subsequently rescued by Bangladesh Police from Asad Gate and Uttara Model Town.
In 2009, the school was one of the top three institutions in Bangladesh in SSC results. In March 2010, the Ministry of Education made Rokeya Akter, the acting principal after she was removed by the board of governors of the school. In June 2010, the government appointed Hosne Ara Begum principal of Viqarunnisa Noon School.
A teacher of Viqarunnisa, Porimol Joydhor, sexually assaulted a Class X student and recorded her on his phone in 2011. He also threatened her by saying he would release the recordings on the internet. The victim wrote complaints to school authorities, but they did not take any steps. This led to massive criticism and caused protests. Students demanded for the resignation of Principal Husne Ara Begum. On 13 October 2011, Husne Ara Begum resigned from the post of Principal. The teacher was sentenced to life imprisonment on 25 November 2015.
In March 2017, Justice Zinat Ara and Justice Kazi Md Ejarul Haque of the High Court Division asked the school to not collect extra tuition.
A ninth grade student, Aritry Odhikari, committed suicide after being insulted by school authorities in December 2018. This incident received nation-wide attention and sparked protests. Education Minister Nurul Islam Nahid said the incident was "painful and tragic". A probe by the Ministry of Education found various irregularities within the school administration. Two teachers were indicted by the court. Arrest warrants have been issued against them. Some students protested and demanded for the release of one of the detained teachers. Principal Nazneen Ferdous was removed and Hasina Begum was appointed the acting principal.
In April 2019, the Dhaka Education Board stopped the recruitment process for a new principal of the school following reports of irregularities in the recruitment process. Justice M Enayetur Rahim and Justice Md Khairul Alam of the Bangladesh High Court halted the appointment of Fouzia Raozan on 16 September 2019 following a petition filed by a lawyer of the High Court Division arguing that the government did not have the authority to appoint a principal and that authority belonged to the governing body of the school. The High Court Division later allowed the appointment to proceed and the Chief Justice Justice Hasan Foez Siddique refused to hear a petition challenging her appointment by Advocate Eunus Ali Akond.
The Ministry of Education removed Principal Faugia Rezwan for allegations of corruption and made an Officer on Special Duty in December 2020.
In August 2021, a recording of a conversation between Principal Kamrun Nahar and a guardian was leaked and went viral on social media. Following which, Justice M Enayetur Rahim and Justice Md Mostafizur Rahman issued an order for departmental investigation against the principal.
On 16 January 2023, the Ministry of Education issued a circular limiting additional admittance beyond the number of seats in a school to seven percent. This stopped the admission of 41 students who parents filed a petition against the circular with the Bangladesh High court. Justice KM Kamrul Kader and Justice Mohammad Ali issued a verdict ordering the school to ignore the ministry circular and admit 41 students to grade one. In May 2023, Justice KM Kamrul Kader and Justice Mohammad Showkat Ali Chowdhury of the High Court Division ordered the school to admit 18 students to grade one whose siblings were students at the school.
Campuses.
The main campus in Bailey Road covers about six acres of land. With growing admissions, the school eventually introduced multiple sections, afternoon shifts, and three branch campuses in Dhaka at Dhanmondi, Azimpur, and Bashundhara. Its Dhanmondi address is House No.6, Road No.80 Dhanmondi R/A, Dhak.
Curriculum.
There are English version and Bengali-medium courses of study in three programmes: humanities (only Bengali - medium), science (both English version and Bengali - medium), and business studies (only Bengali - medium). As of 2012, the school had 650 teachers. Enrollment is more than 30,000 students. Only girls are admitted. The school and college section admits students from all branches of the school and from other areas of Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="6982018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982018" title="17th Georgia Infantry Regiment">
17th Georgia Infantry Regiment

The 17th Georgia Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.
Organization.
The regiment was raised from eight different counties in Georgia (mostly in the western part of the state) and officially organized in Atlanta from August 12 to August 15, 1861, and armed with British Enfield pattern rifles. The regiment's first commander was Col. Henry L. Benning, a prominent lawyer and judge in Muscogee County (Columbus area).
The 17th Georgia was composed of ten companies, each initially with roughly one hundred men.
Initial deployment and service.
The 17th Georgia was sent to northern Virginia via railroad through Tennessee and Lynchburg. It was brigaded with the 1st, 2nd, 15th, and 20th Georgia regiments. The 1st Georgia transferred out in October 1861 when the army was being restructured. The 17th Georgia eventually became part of Toombs' brigade, D.R. Jones' Division, Army of the Potomac. It saw its first combat in May 1862 on the Peninsula, serving in the wing of Maj. Gen. John B. Magruder as he opposed the Federal Army's advance under Maj. Gen. George B. McClellan. After periods of intense rain and small insignificant actions, the 17th Georgia fell back towards Richmond and did not participate in the counterattack led by General Joseph E. Johnston at the Battle of Seven Pines. After this battle, General Robert E. Lee took command of the army and renamed it the Army of Northern Virginia.
However, the regiment did not rest for long. On June 27, 1862, the 17th Georgia, along with the rest of Toombs' Brigade, engaged Federal forces at the Battle of Garnett's Farm. The 17th secured the left flank of the brigade, while the 2nd and 15th Georgia heavily engaged the enemy and lost many killed and wounded. The following day, after a grueling twenty-mile (32 km) march in the hot sun, the regiment finally stopped to rest. On July 1, the 17th Georgia participated in the final day of the Seven Days Campaign fighting at the Battle of Malvern Hill. The brigade lost almost 300 men killed and wounded during the Seven Days, including two regimental commanders and two adjutants.
The 17th Georgia moved south out of Maryland with the army and took up positions on the south side of the Rappahannock River in Virginia. It was at this point that Colonel Benning was given command of the brigade, and Col. Wesley Hodges assumed command of the regiment. During the Battle of Fredericksburg, the brigade was not heavily engaged and suffered only two wounded and two killed. 
Later service.
It was shortly after Fredericksburg that the division, along with General George Pickett's division, was sent down to southern Virginia to forage for the rest of the army. As the unit marched through Richmond, it received a new divisional commander, the bold and brash John Bell Hood. (The previous commander, Maj. Gen. David R. Jones, had died of sickness on January 15, 1863.) It was at this point the brigade was issued new uniforms from the Richmond Depot, most likely the Type-II pattern shell jackets in Richmond Gray wool. After several months in the Suffolk area with two other Confederate divisions, Hood's Division rejoined Lee's army in late May, but missed out on the stunning Southern victory at Chancellorsville. 
With the loss of General Jackson at Chancellorsville, the army was again reorganized; this time into three army corps, each consisting of three divisions. The 17th Georgia remained in Benning's Brigade, which was assigned to Hood's Division within General Longstreet's First Corps. The regiment moved north once more in June and engaged the Federal Army of the Potomac on July 2, 1863, at Gettysburg. The regiment was part of the attack on Federals defending the Devil's Den at the foot of Little Round Top. That day, Benning's Brigade captured 300 prisoners and several 10-pounder Parrott rifles. In addition, the brigade (along with Robertson and Law's brigades), secured Houck's Ridge and Devil's Den, driving off Ward's brigade of the 1st Division, III Corps, Army of the Potomac (124th New York, 86th New York, 99th Pennsylvania, 20th Indiana, and 4th Maine). The brigade did not participate in the fight of the third day, but it had lost over 300 men killed and wounded and two more regimental commanders.
The 17th Georgia was then shipped to the Western Theater, along with most of Longstreet's Corps, and participated in the Battle of Chickamauga in September 1863. The 17th also participated in the East Tennessee Campaign, the Wilderness campaign, the Cold Harbor/Mechanicsville campaign, and the Siege of Petersburg. 
The 17th Georgia surrendered at Appomattox Court House, along with much of the remainder of the Army of Northern Virginia, on April 9, 1865.
Reenactors.
There is currently a living history organization in Columbus, Georgia, that portrays Co. K of the 17th Georgia.

</doc>
<doc id="6982020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982020" title="Species Recovery Plan">
Species Recovery Plan



</doc>
<doc id="6982023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982023" title="Alltel Pavilion">
Alltel Pavilion

Alltel Pavilion may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6982025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982025" title="Over in the Corner">
Over in the Corner



</doc>
<doc id="6982030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982030" title="Tom Murton">
Tom Murton

Thomas O. Murton (March 15, 1928 – October 10, 1990) was a penologist best known for his wardenship of the prison farms of Arkansas. In 1969, he published an account of the endemic corruption there which created a national scandal, and which was popularized in a fictional version by the film "Brubaker".
Personal life.
Tom Murton was born in 1928. His parents were E.T. Murton and Bessie Glass Stevens. He was married to Margaret E. Conway and had four children, Marquita (Marquita Schendel), Teresa (Teresa Kress), Melanie (Melanie Sandstrom) and Mark Murton.
Murton died of cancer at the age of 62 on October 10, 1990, at a Veterans Affairs Hospital in Oklahoma City. Both of his parents and the four children survived him.
Education and penological views.
Before his career as a penologist, Murton attained a bachelor's degree in animal husbandry from Oklahoma State University in 1950. He earned a degree in mathematics at Fairbanks, Alaska between 1957 and 1958 with benefits under the GI bill. He enrolled in the University of California, Berkeley in 1964 and completed a Master of Arts Degree in criminology and satisfied residency requirements for a doctorate in 1966. After he was dismissed from the Arkansas correctional system in 1968, he completed a doctoral degree in criminology at the University of California, Berkeley.
According to his obituary in "The New York Times",
Mr. Murton's ideas on prison reform included treating prisoners with respect, abolishing corporal punishment, providing better food and rooting out extortion and other rackets among the inmates. Vehemently opposed to the death penalty, he dismantled the electric chair at Cummins. He also opposed life sentences. "When you sentence a man to life in prison, with no chance of getting out, he's going to die one day at a time because he knows he's doomed to walk the halls of purgatory for as long as he's alive," he once told an interviewer.
Career.
Murton had helped establish the correctional system of the new state of Alaska during the 1960s.
He was teaching at Southern Illinois University when he was hired to reform the Arkansas prison system in 1968. He wrote about his experiences there (with co-author Joe Hyams) in "Accomplices to the Crime: The Arkansas Prison Scandal," published in 1969 by Grove Press. He was unable to find work in the correctional industry after that, and believed he had been blackballed for his work in Arkansas.
From 1971 to 1979, he taught at the University of Minnesota. In 1980, he left full-time teaching and returned to farming, raising wheat and ducks on his mother's farm in Deer Creek, Oklahoma. He occasionally taught courses in Corrections in the early to mid-1980s as an adjunct professor at San Jose State University and Chaminade University of Honolulu, which were affiliated at the time in their Criminal Justice programs. He was professor of sociology, Oklahoma State University, in 1985. He died in Deer Creek in 1990.
In 1976, he wrote his second book on penal reform, "The Dilemma of Prison Reform," published by Holt, Rinehart and Winston. He self-published a third book, "Crime and Punishment in Arkansas – Adventures in Wonderland" in 1985, published in Stillwater, Oklahoma.
Prison scandal.
Hired to end corruption.
In the 1960s, Arkansas maintained two large prison farms: the Tucker State Prison Farm and Cummins State Prison Farm. The farms used over a thousand inmates as forced labor to produce profits which annually "averaged about $1,400,000 over the years...".
In 1967, Arkansas inaugurated a new governor to follow Orval Faubus, who had held that office for twelve years (six terms). State Governor Winthrop Rockefeller released a report on the state prison system which had been ordered and then suppressed by Faubus. The 67-page report detailed horrific conditions at the two state penal farms, including endemic sexual assault, electrical torture, flogging, beatings with blackjacks and hoses, extortion of money from other inmates by the armed prisoners who were working as "trusty" guards (due to the absence of a salaried guard force), open marketing of illegal drugs and alcohol, and a host of other malicious and criminal practices. Particularly ironic, as well as harsh, was the poor quality and quantity of food given to the prisoners—on a farm which marketed enough produce and dairy products to produce profits that were averaging $1.4 million (US) in 1960s dollars (more than $ in current dollars).
In his own later writings about Tucker, Murton noted the cruelty of the "trustees":
Discipline was routinely enforced by flogging, beating with clubs, inserting of needles under fingernails, crushing of testicles with pliers, and the last word in torture devices: the "Tucker telephone," an instrument used to send an electric current through genitals.
In 1967, along with releasing the Faubus report, Rockefeller sought to reform the system by bringing in Murton, who had made his reputation by helping establish the Alaskan correctional system after that territory achieved statehood in 1959. Murton, then 39 years old, was chosen to be the first professional penologist the state of Arkansas had ever hired as a warden.
In early February 1968, Murton ordered excavations on the grounds of the Cummins prison farm. Three bodies were uncovered before the excavation was halted, although 15 to 25 depressions were clearly visible. Murton's inmate informant told him that as many as 200 bodies had been buried there; also, the number of prisoners listed as "escapees" since 1915 was reported as "more than 200".
According to the informant, Reuben Johnson, most of the men had been killed after refusing extortion demands from the "trusty" guards. Their deaths were either falsely recorded as successful escapes, or recorded as deaths, but under false pretenses. Johnson, a lifer, gave details of murders and burials on the prison grounds dating back for decades, including a mass murder of about 20 inmates around Labor Day of 1940. Johnson was backed up by at least one other inmate, James Wilson. Wilson also asserted that returning escapees were routinely murdered.
Fired to end exposure.
The Rockefeller administration, though not directly implicated in crimes which took place before 1967, was deeply embarrassed by the national attention drawn to the brutality Murton revealed. Claims were made that the bodies must have been from a nearby potters field, a cemetery for the poor. However, as "Time" noted in February 1968, the cemetery in question was over a mile away from where Murton found the bodies, at least one of which was positively identified as prisoner Joe Jackson, buried by Reuben Johnson on Christmas Eve, 1946.
The skeletons were turned over to another arm of state government, the University of Arkansas Medical Center. At the time, Governor Rockefeller stated his intention to withhold details of the investigation from the public until the Arkansas state police issued a report of their findings, incorporating the university's results. Rockefeller was quoted nationwide when he said that there could be no point in "washing dirty linen for weeks on end as each body is dug up".
Murton's agitation eventually disrupted the Rockefeller administration to the extent that not only was he fired two months after the bodies were exhumed, he was told he had twenty-four hours to get out of the state, or be arrested for grave-robbing—a charge with a sentence of twenty-one years, under Arkansas law at that time. He left.
Murton was dismissed in early spring 1968, less than a year after his 1967 hire. Governor Rockefeller claimed that Murton's excavations had become a "sideshow". The governor halted the excavations after the first three bodies were found. The official report by the Rockefeller administration, written by the Arkansas state police, took the position that the bodies must have been from the paupers' cemetery—although the cemetery was a mile away from where the bodies were located.
Murton's book about the scandalous conditions was released the next year, 1969, and the Redford movie was released eleven years later, in 1980 (see "Brubaker").
Later career.
Murton's career as a correctional administrator was over. In 1969 he founded the Murton Foundation for Criminal Justice, incorporated in Alaska in 1969. He served as its president from 1969 to at least 1985.
In 1982, Murton shared with students in a criminal justice graduate seminar course at the University of Central Oklahoma that he was "blackballed" by the "correctional community". To make a living, he started and maintained a duck farm north of Oklahoma City, where he lived until his death. 
Dr. William Parker, then department chair over the criminal justice program and subsequently the assistant dean, invited Murton to teach at the University of Central Oklahoma in the mid-1980s. He returned to academia for the next several years, including a short stint teaching criminology and corrections at Oklahoma State University in the mid-1980s. Murton continued to maintain his duck farm until his death in late 1990.
Film.
The book written by Murton and Hyams was published in 1969. In 1980, a fictionalized film treatment starring Robert Redford as "Warden Henry Brubaker" was released to wide acclaim, earning an Oscar nomination. Although the dramatic opening of the film, in which Brubaker impersonates an inmate in order to see the system literally "from inside" before taking up the warden's post, was a fabrication, much of the movie's drama was taken directly from the book.
The fabricated prisoner-impersonation device may have been inspired by Thomas Mott Osborne, a former warden at Sing Sing, who had had himself committed to Auburn Penitentiary in 1913 under an assumed name.
Song.
In 1968, the popular singer Bobby Darin wrote and recorded "Long Line Rider", a song which described the incident, on his album "Bobby Darin Born Walden Robert Cassotto". Some of its lyrics were: "There's a farm in Arkansas, got some secrets in its floor, in decay, in decay. You can tell where they're at, nothing grows, the ground is flat, where they lay, where they lay." It also includes the line "This kind of thing can't happen here, especially not in election year." Darin was due to perform the song on "The Jackie Gleason Show", but when they ordered him to cut that particular line, rather than censor himself, he walked off the set.

</doc>
<doc id="6982035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982035" title="Kamien Pomorski County">
Kamien Pomorski County



</doc>
<doc id="6982036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982036" title="Von Thünen rent">
Von Thünen rent



</doc>
<doc id="6982038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982038" title="Federal Recovery Plan">
Federal Recovery Plan



</doc>
<doc id="6982039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982039" title="Stargard Szczecinski County">
Stargard Szczecinski County



</doc>
<doc id="6982040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982040" title="St. Joseph High Road">
St. Joseph High Road



</doc>
<doc id="6982042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982042" title="List of Jem episodes">
List of Jem episodes

The following is a list of episodes for the television show "Jem" ordered by the original airing dates. The first 5 episodes initially aired as 15 7-minute segments with each episode broken into 3 parts.
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6982045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982045" title="Von Thunen rent">
Von Thunen rent



</doc>
<doc id="6982046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982046" title="H-4 visa">
H-4 visa

An H-4 visa is a United States visa issued to dependent family members of H-1B, H-1B1, H-2A, H-2B, and H-3 visa holders to allow them to travel to the United States to accompany or reunite with the principal visa holder. A dependent family member is a spouse or unmarried child under the age of 21. If a dependent of an H-1B, H-1B1, H-2A, H-2B, or H-3 worker is already in the United States, they can apply for H-4 immigration status by filing Form I-539 for change of status with United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS).
Family members may alternatively be admitted in other non-immigrant categories for which they qualify, such as the F-1 category for children or spouses who will be students or the H-1B category for a spouse whose employer has also obtained approval of an H-1B visa petition to employ the spouse. An H-4 visa holder is admitted to the U.S. for the duration of the primary (H-1B, H-1B1, H-2A, H-2B, or H-3) immigration status.
A noncitizen with H-4 immigration status normally is not permitted to engage in employment in the United States but there is one important exception to this rule. All H-4 noncitizens are permitted to study in the United States.
Employment authorization.
On February 24, 2015, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) Director León Rodríguez announced that, effective May 26, 2015, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) would extend eligibility for employment authorization to certain H-4 dependent spouses of H-1B non-immigrants who are seeking employment-based lawful permanent resident (LPR) status. DHS amended the regulations to allow these H-4 dependent spouses to accept employment in the United States. These H-4 dependent spouses are also eligible to receive social security numbers.
An H-4 dependent spouse of an H-1B non-immigrant can file Form I-765, Application for Employment Authorization to obtain an employment authorization document (EAD), if the H-1B non-immigrant:
Other H-4 visa holders are not eligible to get a Social Security Number and cannot be employed, but they are eligible to hold a driver's license and open bank accounts. If an H-4 noncitizen is not eligible for employment authorization in the United States, they may nevertheless have tax liability in the United States, and in order to file a U.S. tax return, must obtain an ITIN (Individual Taxpayer Identification Number).
On the Spring 2019 Regulatory Agenda, the Trump administration announced a proposed regulation to rescind the 2015 rule and to stop granting employment authorization to H-4 spouses. Some media outlets reported that the majority of people who would lose work authorization as a result of the proposal were highly skilled Indian women. USCIS data backs up the assertion that the vast majority of H-4 EAD beneficiaries are Indian women. The proposal to rescind the H-4 EAD program was withdrawn by the Biden administration in January 2021. However, the future of the H-4 EAD program continues to be threatened by ongoing litigation against DHS in U.S. federal court which alleges that the H-4 EAD program is illegal.

</doc>
<doc id="6982047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982047" title="Rynie Wolters">
Rynie Wolters

Reinder Albertus Wolters (March 17, 1844 – January 3, 1917) was a professional baseball player from Nieuweschans, Netherlands. He played five seasons in the amateur National Association of Base Ball Players from 1866 to 1870, and three seasons in its professional successor, the National Association from 1871 to 1873. He was the first Dutch professional baseball player. While he was primarily a pitcher, he also played occasionally in the outfield.
His first and best professional season was in 1871 with the New York Mutuals, when he pitched 283 innings and had a 3.43 earned run average. His second year was with the Cleveland Forest Citys, where he played much less and had a higher ERA. In his last year, he only pitched one game, with the Elizabeth Resolutes. He completed it, giving up 23 runs, but none were earned. Wolters died in Newark, New Jersey, at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="6982049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982049" title="Vernate, Ticino">
Vernate, Ticino

Vernate is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Geography.
Vernate has an area, , of . Of this area, or 15.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 82.8% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 12.6% is settled (buildings or roads).
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 10.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.3%. Out of the forested land, 76.8% of the total land area is heavily forested and 6.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 2.6% is used for growing crops, while 2.0% is used for orchards or vine crops and 10.6% is used for alpine pastures.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a fess argent and overall in dexter an arrow point to base and in sinister a walking stick handle to chief both counterchanged." The arrow and pilgrim stick are attributes of St. Roch (Rocco) and St. Sebastian (Sebastiano) the patron saints of the parish church.
Demographics.
Vernate has a population () of . , 16.4% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 47.3%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (73.6%), with German being second most common (19.3%) and French being third (2.2%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 70 speak German, 8 people speak French, 267 people speak Italian, and 1 person speaks Romansh. The remainder (17 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 50.9% male and 49.1% female. The population was made up of 229 Swiss men (40.9% of the population), and 56 (10.0%) non-Swiss men. There were 227 Swiss women (40.5%), and 48 (8.6%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 5 live births to Swiss citizens and 1 birth to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there was 1 death of a Swiss citizen. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 4 while the foreign population increased by 1. There was 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 3 non-Swiss men and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 25 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 6 people. This represents a population growth rate of 6.3%.
The age distribution, , in Vernate is; 68 children or 12.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 55 teenagers or 9.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 41 people or 7.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 81 people or 14.5% are between 30 and 39, 117 people or 20.9% are between 40 and 49, and 82 people or 14.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 59 people or 10.5% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 39 people or 7.0% are between 70 and 79, there are 18 people or 3.2% who are over 80.
, there were 172 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 180 single family homes (or 83.7% of the total) out of a total of 215 inhabited buildings. There were 22 two family buildings (10.2%) and 10 multi-family buildings (4.7%). There were also 3 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 281 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 5 room apartment of which there were 100. There were 7 single room apartments and 100 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 171 apartments (60.9% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 108 apartments (38.4%) were seasonally occupied and 2 apartments (0.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 36.6 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 29.58% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (20.59%), the SVP (17.19%) and the SP (15.79%). In the federal election, a total of 151 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 49.2%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 301 registered voters in Vernate, of which 191 or 63.5% voted. 3 blank ballots were cast, leaving 188 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 56 or 29.8% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 38 or 20.2%), the PPD+GenGiova (with 32 or 17.0%) and the PS (with 20 or 10.6%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 4 blank ballots were cast, leaving 187 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 59 or 31.6% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the SSI (with 34 or 18.2%), the PPD (with 29 or 15.5%) and the PS (with 28 or 15.0%).
Economy.
, Vernate had an unemployment rate of 5.16%. , there were people employed in the primary economic sector and about businesses involved in this sector. 24 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 5 businesses in this sector. 25 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 13 businesses in this sector. There were 175 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.1% of the workforce.
, there were 27 workers who commuted into the municipality and 138 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 5.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. About 22.2% of the workforce coming into Vernate are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 4.6% used public transportation to get to work, and 73.1% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 248 or 68.3% were Roman Catholic, while 49 or 13.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 57 individuals (or about 15.70% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 9 individuals (or about 2.48% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Vernate about 80.2% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Vernate there were a total of 97 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Vernate there were 24 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the municipality, 32 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 18 students in the two-year middle school, while 9 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 4 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 9 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there was 1 student in Vernate who came from another municipality, while 46 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6982057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982057" title="Jonathan T. Howe">
Jonathan T. Howe



</doc>
<doc id="6982059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982059" title="Vezia">
Vezia

Vezia is a municipality in the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
Geography.
Vezia has an area, , of . Of this area, or 48.9% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 28.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 48.9% is settled (buildings or roads).
Of the built up area, industrial buildings made up 2.9% of the total area while housing and buildings made up 26.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 15.1%. while parks, green belts and sports fields made up 4.3%. Out of the forested land, 23.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 5.0% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 16.5% is used for growing crops, while 5.8% is used for orchards or vine crops and 26.6% is used for alpine pastures.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Argent a rose azure barbed and on a stalk with two yet branches leaved vert and in the chief gules a cross of the first."
Demographics.
Vezia has a population () of . , 25.5% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 18.8%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (85.5%), with German being second most common (6.1%) and French being third (1.8%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 96 speak German, 29 people speak French, 1,347 people speak Italian, and 3 people speak Romansh. The remainder (100 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.7% male and 51.3% female. The population was made up of 669 Swiss men (34.3% of the population), and 281 (14.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 798 Swiss women (40.9%), and 202 (10.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 21 live births to Swiss citizens and 4 births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 7 deaths of Swiss citizens and 3 non-Swiss citizen deaths. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens increased by 14 while the foreign population increased by 1. There were 2 Swiss men and 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 1 non-Swiss woman who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was an increase of 40 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 5 people. This represents a population growth rate of 2.4%.
The age distribution, , in Vezia is; 217 children or 11.1% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 182 teenagers or 9.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 207 people or 10.6% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 302 people or 15.5% are between 30 and 39, 348 people or 17.8% are between 40 and 49, and 253 people or 13.0% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 238 people or 12.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 132 people or 6.8% are between 70 and 79, there are 71 people or 3.6% who are over 80.
, there were 671 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 200 single family homes (or 56.7% of the total) out of a total of 353 inhabited buildings. There were 76 two family buildings (21.5%) and 50 multi-family buildings (14.2%). There were also 27 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.24%. there were 733 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 237. There were 44 single room apartments and 177 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 663 apartments (90.5% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 58 apartments (7.9%) were seasonally occupied and 12 apartments (1.6%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 11.8 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following chart:
Heritage sites of national significance.
S. Martino, a medieval settlement and place of worship and the Villa Negroni with its park are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the FDP which received 30.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the CVP (18.37%), the Ticino League (17.86%) and the SP (15.23%). In the federal election, a total of 554 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 49.1%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,104 registered voters in Vezia, of which 712 or 64.5% voted. 11 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 699 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 189 or 27.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 133 or 19.0%), the SSI (with 107 or 15.3%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 98 or 14.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 8 blank ballots were cast, leaving 704 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 191 or 27.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 175 or 24.9%), the PS (with 108 or 15.3%) and the SSI (with 98 or 13.9%).
Economy.
, Vezia had an unemployment rate of 4.23%. , there were 29 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 2 businesses involved in this sector. 131 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 18 businesses in this sector. 599 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 80 businesses in this sector. There were 773 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 41.8% of the workforce.
, there were 637 workers who commuted into the municipality and 628 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net importer of workers, with about 1.0 workers entering the municipality for every one leaving. About 17.4% of the workforce coming into Vezia are coming from outside Switzerland. Of the working population, 16.3% used public transportation to get to work, and 58.2% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Vezia.
Religion.
From the , 1,229 or 78.0% were Roman Catholic, while 110 or 7.0% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 185 individuals (or about 11.75% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 51 individuals (or about 3.24% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Vezia about 69.3% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Vezia there were a total of 325 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Vezia there were 54 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 120 students attended the standard primary schools and 2 students attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 68 students in the two-year middle school and 1 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 31 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 16 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 29 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There were 4 students in the professional program.
, there were 6 students in Vezia who came from another municipality, while 147 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6982063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982063" title="Lucifer Rising">
Lucifer Rising

Lucifer Rising may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6982071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982071" title="Nahal Brigade (IDF)">
Nahal Brigade (IDF)



</doc>
<doc id="6982072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982072" title="Bonk on the head">
Bonk on the head



</doc>
<doc id="6982073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982073" title="Grey Goose">
Grey Goose

Grey Goose may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6982083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982083" title="Craig Swan">
Craig Swan

Craig Steven Swan (born November 30, 1950) is an American former professional baseball pitcher who played in Major League Baseball from 1973 to 1984 for the New York Mets and California Angels. Swan's best season came in when he posted a 9–6 win–loss record and led the National League with an earned run average of 2.43. This was significant as the Mets were in the National League East cellar that year. Swan featured a fastball between 90 and 95 miles per hour with good movement and an occasional slider.
Early life and career.
Swan was born in Van Nuys, California. At age 14, he pitched for Long Beach in the PONY League, hurled a no-hitter, and was invited to throw out the ceremonial first pitch at Dodger Stadium before Game 5 of the World Series; his pitch was televised and can be seen on the TV broadcast, with announcer Ray Scott describing his pitching exploits. At age 17, was picked in the 23rd round of the 1968 Major League Baseball draft by the St. Louis Cardinals. Rather than sign as a low-round pick, Swan attended Arizona State University. In the 1972 College World Series, Swan allowed only one run in 18 innings pitched for a 0.50 ERA – tied for the best ever for 18 or more innings. For his efforts, he was named to the All-Tournament Team but Arizona State lost to the University of Southern California in the championship game.
Swan was chosen by the Mets in the third round of the 1972 Major League Baseball draft. He spent most of to in the minor leagues with only brief (and poor) stints in the majors. One of his better early performances came on May 11, , when he personally out-played the opposition by collecting a career-high three hits, knocking in one run, and scoring another at the plate while allowing no runs on four hits over six innings on the mound. Later that season, he broke his elbow and missed significant playing time. He returned successfully and, in , was named the International League Most Valuable Pitcher.
Productive years.
Swan broke into the majors for good in . In the Mets' last good season of the decade, Swan was the fifth starter and posted statistics slightly below the league average with a 3.54 ERA and a 6–9 record. His highlight was his first victory of the season when he pitched a five-hit complete game shutout with 11 strikeouts. He was inconsistent for the season. After four terrible starts, the following three starts resulted in just a single earned run on 13 hits and four walks over 26 innings with 21 strikeouts — a fantastic 0.35 ERA.
In , Swan's numbers declined slightly but so did the rest of the team's as number one starter, Jerry Koosman, lost 20 games and the Mets sank into last place in the division.
In 1978, the Mets struggled to a 66–96 record but Swan started the season with a five-hit complete game shutout, the third of his career. In the second game of a July 4, 1978 doubleheader, Swan logged a career-high 13 strikeouts but surrendered two ninth-inning runs to lose the game 3–2. The loss dropped his record to 1–5 despite a very good 2.66 ERA. Swan's ERA continued improving and he won his next seven decisions. On September 16, he allowed one run and three hits over nine innings but was again denied a win. At season's end, Swan had the best ERA in the National League as well as the second-best WHIP and second-best hits per nine innings. His ERA was only 1.67 at Shea Stadium. Despite his excellent statistics, he finished with only a 9–6 record. The Mets were the third-worst pitching team in the league, and they finished with the worst record in the N.L.
 was another good season for Swan and was also his most active. He set career highs in innings pitched, games started, complete games, shutouts and BFP. Swan was the lone bright spot for the Mets' pitching staff. His 14 wins were not only a career-best but were more than any "two" of his teammates combined. The Mets finished with 99 losses, again last in the National League.
After his two good seasons for the Mets, Swan signed a contract which made him the highest paid pitcher in Mets history at the time. In response, he began with an even better ERA than either 1978 or 1979. In mid-June, he was 5–4 with a 2.21 ERA for a team which finished 67-95, but which was flirting with .500 until mid-August. After losing his next four decisions, Swan was placed on the disabled list in mid-July with what turned out to be a torn rotator cuff. He made two more starts a month later but pitched poorly in the first start, left the second start after only two innings, and was done for the season. He started with a loss but left his second game on April 26 after only one batter on a freak play. Swan began the game by giving up a hit to the first batter of the game. On the fifth pitch of the game, when the runner on first base took off to steal second base, Swan's rib was fractured when catcher Ron Hodges nailed him in the back with his throw towards second. As a result, Swan landed on the disabled list. He returned more than a month later and made two relief appearances before the 1981 Major League Baseball strike cancelled the next two months. When play resumed, Swan was back on the disabled list and made only one more start the rest of the season.
After missing almost all of 1981 with a rotator cuff injury and the aforementioned broken rib and baseball strike, Swan returned healthy in and finished second to Joe Morgan for the N.L. Comeback Player of the Year Award. His 11 wins were again the highest total on the team, and he was the only pitcher on the team with a winning record and more than three decisions. For the first time in his career, he accumulated significant time as a relief pitcher and managed a fantastic 1.30 ERA in the new role. Swan even hit the only home run of his career on August 4, although the event was overshadowed by his teammate Joel Youngblood becoming the only player in major league history to play for two teams in two cities in one day.
Winding down.
After his comeback year of 1982, Swan felt something pop in his arm during a spring training game in . He pitched through the injury but it severely limited his endurance. He was again effective in relief but his ERA as a starter rose to a terrible 6.22. In , while the Mets were finally ending years of futility, Swan managed only ten awful relief appearances before being released on May 9. The California Angels signed him two weeks later but he was benched for good after two more bad appearances, which were the last of his career.
Post-retirement.
After numerous injuries forced the end of his career, Swan used the medical knowledge he obtained from his ordeals to invest himself in the technique known as Rolfing. He graduated from the Rolf Institute in Boulder, Colorado, and opened a practice in Connecticut.
External links.
, or Retrosheet, or The Ultimate Mets Database

</doc>
<doc id="6982088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982088" title="Radulf, Count of Besalú">
Radulf, Count of Besalú

Radulf (died 920) was a Count of Besalú. He was the younger son of Sunifred I, Count of Barcelona, and thus a brother of Wilfred the Hairy and Miró the Elder.
In 878, Wilfred separated the "pagus" of Besalú from the County of Girona and granted it to him as a county on the condition that it would continue in the descendants of Wilfred. On Radulf's death, Besalú passed to Miró II of Cerdanya the Younger, Wilfred's son.

</doc>
<doc id="6982091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982091" title="River Laneshaw">
River Laneshaw

The River Laneshaw is a river in Northern England. It runs for from Laneshaw Reservoir to Laneshaw Bridge alongside the A6068 road and has a catchment area of .
Rising as Laneshaw Brook on Combe Hill between the border of Lancashire and Yorkshire, the brook runs northwards, feeding first Laneshaw Reservoir then running westwards as the River Laneshaw.
The River Laneshaw combines with Wycoller Beck at Covey Bridge to form Colne Water.

</doc>
<doc id="6982092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982092" title="Chicken Pig">
Chicken Pig



</doc>
<doc id="6982095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982095" title="Gale Warnings in Viking North">
Gale Warnings in Viking North



</doc>
<doc id="6982097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982097" title="Dzmitry Rabchanka">
Dzmitry Rabchanka

Dzmitry Rabchanka (born 24 December 1985) is a Belarusian sprint canoeist who has been competing since 2005. He won seven medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with four golds (C-4 200 m: 2009, C-4 500 m: 2006, C-4 1000 m: 2009, 2010), two silvers (C-4 200 m: 2006, C-4 500 m: 2005), and one bronze (C-4 200 m: 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="6982098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982098" title="Crossing the Rubicon (disambiguation)">
Crossing the Rubicon (disambiguation)

Julius Caesar's Crossing the Rubicon river was an event in 49 BC that precipitated the Roman Civil War.
Crossing the Rubicon may also refer to:
Music.
Albums
Songs

</doc>
<doc id="6982100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982100" title="Gered Mankowitz">
Gered Mankowitz

Gered W. Mankowitz (born 3 August 1946) is an English photographer who focused his career in the music industry. He has worked with a range of artists from the Rolling Stones to Jimi Hendrix, and in other divisions of the photography industry, including fashion, music, advertising, news, and private photography. He works from his own gallery in North London. 
Life and career.
Gered W. Mankowitz was born as the first of four sons on 3 August 1946 in London, England, to the English writer Wolf Mankowitz and Ann Margaret Seligman. After attending multiple schools throughout his education, Mankowitz dropped out of school at 15 years of age, without any proper qualifications. However, his natural photography gifts were discovered on a school trip to the Netherlands by the photographer Tom Blau. Blau offered Mankowitz an apprenticeship, and after a few months on the job, he had worked in all the departments, and began taking assignments. In 1962, Mankowitz began taking photos professionally in Barbados, and when he returned to London, he took a position in the Parisian fashion world, but quickly realized that that style of photography was not for him. In 1963, he broke into the music photography industry, and felt at home being able to work with artists his own age. At the end of that same year, Mankowitz opened his own studio.
After a few months, Mankowitz began working with Marianne Faithfull and The Rolling Stones, and was asked to go on tour with The Rolling Stones. After his stint on tour, he had the opportunity to work with Jimi Hendrix, Free, Traffic, The Yardbirds, The Small Faces, Soft Machine, Slade, Gary Glitter, Suzi Quatro, Sweet, Elton John, Kate Bush, Eurythmics, ABC, and Duran Duran. In 1982, Mankowitz was featured in an exhibition at London's Photographer's Gallery, and had his work viewed by over 16,000 people. This exhibition then toured the U.K. for 2 years. For the next 22 years, Mankowitz was based in his North London Studio, mainly working in the advertising industry, and contributing to major publications. He continues to work in the music industry, regularly works for newspapers and magazines, and his work is shown and sold in galleries throughout the world.
Influence and contributions.
When asked if he thought that his work influenced the image of the Rolling Stones, Mankowitz stated: I think I contributed a lot when I did the cover of the album "Between the Buttons". My contribution in the earlier sessions was based more on an honesty, a desire to communicate something about the Stones as people and not try and mask their personalities with any sort of technical or theatrical embellishments. I think that that’s why (their manager) Andrew (Loog Oldham) liked the pictures and why the band were happy to work with me for such a long period of time, because I photographed them as they were. And then when it came to "Between the Buttons", I felt confident enough as a photographer and in my relationship with them to actually make a contribution.Mankowitz's photographs of Jimi Hendrix did not gain popularity until several years after they were taken. They were taken in black and white, which was Mankowitz's typical style, but Hendrix's manager insisted on colour photographs for album covers. Therefore, the pictures were not revealed to the public until 1992, when Mankowitz had his first solo exhibition in London. The collection of Jimi Hendrix photos have since appeared on books, record covers, and magazines. 
In regards to a photo taken by Mankowitz, John Varvatos, a men's fashion designer, wrote: "This is from a series of photos Gered Mankowitz did with Jimi in 1967 at Mason's Yard in London. That series may be the most important pictures to me. I have a big, limited-edition print of that photo behind my desk. I look at it every day when I come in. There was nobody that looked like that when Jimi came on the scene, and there are not very many people who could pull that look off." 
Works.
Photographs gallery.
Source:
Photographic books.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6982101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982101" title="51-13 Singles Collection (Aphex Twin album)">
51-13 Singles Collection (Aphex Twin album)



</doc>
<doc id="6982103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982103" title="Tzanchanim Brigade (IDF)">
Tzanchanim Brigade (IDF)



</doc>
<doc id="6982106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982106" title="Belgian Strong Dark Ale">
Belgian Strong Dark Ale



</doc>
<doc id="6982123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982123" title="Shin ramen">
Shin ramen



</doc>
<doc id="6982126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982126" title="Subramanya, Karnataka">
Subramanya, Karnataka

Subramanya is a village located in Kadaba Taluk in Dakshina Kannada, India. The Kukke Subrahmanya Temple is located here. It is about from Mangalore, connected by train and road. It was originally named "Kukke Pattana".
Pilgrim centre.
The village is an approach and resting point for pilgrims visiting the Kukke Subrahmanya Temple in Subrahmanya. The village is surrounded by the Kumaradhara River. The Darpana Theertha, a tributary of the Kumaradhara, flows just behind the temple.
The belief is that Vasuki and other snakes took refuge under the god Subrahmanya in the caves at Subramanya. Here Subrahmanya is worshipped as a snake.
Legend.
According to one myth, after killing the demon rulers, Tharaka and Shura Padmasura, and their followers in a war, Lord Shanmukha reached Kumara parvatha with his brother Ganesha and others. He was received by Indra and his followers. Indra, being very happy, prayed for Lord Kumara swamy to accept and marry his daughter Devasena, to which the Lord readily agreed. The divine marriage took place on Margashira shudha shashti at Kumara parvatha. Gods like Brahma, Vishnu, Rudra and many other deities assembled for the marriage and coronation ceremony of Shanmukha, for which waters of several holy rivers were brought. With these, waters of Mahabhisheka fell down to form a river which was later known by the popular name Kumaradhara.
The Shiva Bhakta and serpent king Vasuki were performing tapas for years in the Biladwara Caves of Kukke Subrahmanya to avoid the attack of Garuda. Following Lord Shiva's assurance, Shanmukha gave darshan to Vasuki and blessed him that he would stay with his parama bhakta in this place forever. Hence the poojas offered to Vasuki or Nagaraja are nothing but the poojas to Lord Subrahmanya.
Madhvacharya has also visited this place, and founded one mutt there.
The speciality of Kukke Subrahmanya Matha lies in the fact that the powerful Samputa is present here. When Jagadguru Sri Madhwacharya had gone to the Himalayas to write commentaries on the Hindu Scripture under the guidance of the great Sri Ved Vyas, Ved Vyas had given him 8 Vyasa Mushti Saligrams. Sri Madhwacharya took 5 of these along with 144 Lakshmi Narayana Saligrams and 1 Lakshmi Narasimha Saligram and put them inside a Samputa. It is this Samputa that eventually became known as the Narasimha Samputa. It is said that Sri Madhwacharya adored this Samputa so much so that the scriptures called this Samputa as Sri Madhwacharya's heart. When Sri Aniruddha Theertharu was serving as the first pontiff of this Matha, the then king (of the local area) Ballalraaya tried to break open the Samputa by placing it under an elephant's feet. Instead of the Samputa breaking open, the elephant died on the spot. The apologetic and regretful King realized his mistake and donated his monetary possessions to the Matha. Sri Madhwacharya gave Sanyasa Initiation to Sri Vishnu Theertharu (his brother) and made him the head of the Matha. Sri Vishnu Theertharu left behind the Samputa Narasimha, Vyaasa Mushti, Vithala and Rukmini and Satyabhama, and a smiling Lakshmi Narasimha to the Matha. Many people believe that Sri Vishnu Theertharu is still performing prayers and penance in the Siddha Parvatha since no one has been successful in finding his brindavana. It is also said that initially, Sri Vishnu Theertharu had carried the Samputa with him, but ended up sending it back to the Matha via the Kumara Dhaara River at the request of Sri Aniruddha Theertharu.
Trekking.
There are two routes from where you can trek to this Kumara Parvata (Pushpagiri): one is from Subramanya, and another is from Somwarpet. The route from Somwarpet is the shorter one, around , and from Subramanya, it is around . The peak is at a height of about .
The Green Route is a segment along the Bangalore and Mangalore railway line in India, within a pristine part of the Western Ghat mountain ranges often called a trekker's paradise. This segment on the railway track from Sakaleshpura to the Kukke Subramanya Road station features dense green forest. This stretch of the track with length about has 58 tunnels and many bridges with length varying from a few metres to and height varying from few metres to .
Transportation.
Kukke Subrahmanya can be reached by road from Mangalore, Bangalore, Dharmasthala, Mysore, Puttur etc. The route from Bangalore is connected from Hassan via Sakleshpur Ghat section. There is another route to reach Kukke Subrahmanya via Bisle Ghat section which is through Bisle Reserve Forest. It is a less used route,SH-85 &amp; SH-8, known for Bike riding and photography. KSRTC operates buses on a daily basis from these and other places. The nearest airport is the Mangalore International Airport, at a distance of . The nearest railway station is Subrahmanya Road (SBHR) railway station on Mangalore-Bangalore railway route, which is from Kukke Subrahmanya. There are passenger, express train services, connecting Subramanya to Mangaluru, Bengaluru, Mysuru, Hubballi, Kannur and Karwar. Train with Vistadome coach has also been introduced.

</doc>
<doc id="6982128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982128" title="Wycoller Beck">
Wycoller Beck

Wycoller Beck is a stream in Lancashire, running through Wycoller Country Park and the village of Wycoller in Pendle. It is long and has a catchment area of .
The river joins the River Laneshaw at Covey Bridge near Laneshaw Bridge to form Colne Water.
Seven bridges cross Wycoller Beck. The Pack-Horse Bridge is probably the most important, being built some 800 years ago and reconstructed over the centuries. Clam Bridge, more than 1000 years old is listed as an Ancient Monument. It was repaired in 1991, after being cracked in two in 1989 and 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="6982130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982130" title="Central Asian Gypsies">
Central Asian Gypsies



</doc>
<doc id="6982131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982131" title="UK Unionist">
UK Unionist



</doc>
<doc id="6982133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982133" title="Social Democratic &amp; Labour">
Social Democratic &amp; Labour



</doc>
<doc id="6982134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982134" title="Cakewalk Sonar">
Cakewalk Sonar

Sonar was a digital audio workstation created by the former Boston, Massachusettsbased music production software company Cakewalk. It was acquired by Singaporean music company BandLab Technologies and renamed Cakewalk by BandLab.
Notable features.
Sonar's features included:
Video and audio formats.
Sonar provided limited facilities for video, surround sound (5.1, 7.1), and supported .avi, .mpeg, .wmv, and .mov files. Sonar had the ability to show videos as thumbnails contained in a separate track. With appropriate hardware, it was also possible to output the video to an external monitor screen via FireWire. Common SMPTE formats, frame sizes, and frame rates were supported. It was possible to transfer audio loop files from other compatible software into Sonar and complete a final mix down.
Various audio export options (including 64-bit masters) were AIFF, AU, CAF, FLAC, RAW, SD2, W64 (Sony Wave64), and WAV (Microsoft).
Starting with version 6, Sonar could take advantage of 64-bit internal processing, a 64-bit audio engine, and a 64-bit mixer on 64-bit versions of Windows Vista and Windows 7. Before the introduction of Sonar X2 in October 2012, the entry-level Essential versions of Sonar (Sonar Home Studio and Sonar Essential) were 32-bit only. With Sonar X2, the full program family became native 64-bit.
Starting with Sonar Platinum (February 2015), releases moved to a monthly cycle, with new features and demo products introduced with each update.
Discontinuation and Relaunch.
On 17 November 2017, parent company Gibson announced that it was ceasing active development and production of Cakewalk branded products, including all versions of SONAR. After 30 years of existence, Cakewalk, Inc. ceased operation, with only the company's web forum and license authorization servers still functional.
On 23 February 2018, Singapore-based BandLab Technologies announced its purchase of some of Cakewalk, Inc.’s assets and all of its intellectual property. BandLab's stated goal was continued development of the former company's flagship product, SONAR (now renamed Cakewalk by BandLab), as part of its portfolio of freeware digital audio workstation software.
In 2023, BandLab announced that the SONAR name would be revived for an updated version of Cakewalk by Bandlab, and that the new product would no longer be freeware.

</doc>
<doc id="6982138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982138" title="Independent Unionist">
Independent Unionist

Independent Unionist is a label sometimes used by candidates in British elections to indicate their support for British unionism. It is most popularly associated with candidates in elections for the Parliament of Northern Ireland. Such candidates supported the positions of Unionism in Northern Ireland but, for various reasons, could not reconcile to themselves to the Ulster Unionist Party or other groups. It was also used by Unionists in what became the Irish Free State, as they were unionists, but not in Ulster. The label was also used in Scotland, demonstrating an association with ideology of the Unionist Party, the predecessor to the modern Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party.
In the 1938 Northern Ireland general election, Tommy Henderson and five defeated candidates stood for the Independent Unionist Association, which was distinct from other Independent Unionists.
Notable users of the affiliation.
Southern Ireland.
Four MPs elected to the Southern Ireland House of Commons for Dublin University at the 1921 election. They were the only MPs to attend the opening of the Parliament of Southern Ireland, as all other members, who had been elected for Sinn Féin, sat as members of the Second Dáil. All four were elected again at the 1922 Irish general election, and would each continue to serve in the Irish Free State either as Independent TDs or, in Fitzgibbon's case, as a judge.

</doc>
<doc id="6982141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982141" title="Network Q RAC Rally">
Network Q RAC Rally



</doc>
<doc id="6982143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982143" title="Downtown Train">
Downtown Train

"Downtown Train" is a song by Tom Waits released on his album "Rain Dogs" in 1985. The promo video for the song was directed by Jean-Baptiste Mondino, and features boxer Jake LaMotta and Neith Hunter.
Rod Stewart version.
Rod Stewart recorded a cover version that became a number-three hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart after being released as a single in late 1989, and was also a number-one single on the album rock and adult contemporary charts. The song went to number one in Canada and made the top ten on the UK Singles Chart in 1990. Stewart received a Grammy nomination for the song in the category Best Male Pop Vocal performance. Originally released as a non-album single, Stewart's version of "Downtown Train" was included on some editions of his 1991 album "Vagabond Heart".
Other recordings.
Bob Seger also recorded a version of "Downtown Train" in 1989 before Rod Stewart recorded his version. Seger claimed that on a trip to London he told Rod Stewart he had recorded a version of "Downtown Train" and then one month later Rod Stewart recorded his version. Rod Stewart and his management have denied that Rod Stewart stole the idea from Bob Seger. Seger decided not to release his version in 1989 as originally planned but instead re-recorded it in 2011 for his album "".
Patty Smyth released a version in 1987 that reached number 95 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The promo video for the song was directed by David Fincher.
Everything but the Girl's acoustic cover, also recorded in 1989 and later put on the reissue of "The Language of Life", was used for the climactic scene of the 2014's final episode of the long-running series "How I Met Your Mother". Music supervisor Andy Gowan says that Carter Bays "basically put it in the script, and wrote that script with that song in mind"; Gowan described the song as "heartbreakingly beautiful" and captured both the "sweet and romantic" and the "somber, dark part" of the scene.

</doc>
<doc id="6982150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982150" title="Suresh Productions">
Suresh Productions

Suresh Productions (also known as Suresh Movies, Vijaya Suresh Combines) is an Indian film production and distribution company known for its works in Telugu cinema. It is established in 1964 by D. Ramanaidu. It is one of India's largest film production companies with over 50 years of experience. The production house is located in Ramanaidu Studios, Hyderabad.
Suresh Productions has produced more than 150 films in 13 Indian languages, majority of them in the Telugu language. The first film produced by the company was "Ramudu Bheemudu" with N. T. Rama Rao in 1964. Suresh Productions launched the careers of directors such as B. Gopal, Jayanth C. Paranjee, Muppalaneni Shiva, Tirupathi Swamy, and Uday Shankar and four music directors.

</doc>
<doc id="6982151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982151" title="Tempur pedic">
Tempur pedic



</doc>
<doc id="6982153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982153" title="Nick Freeman">
Nick Freeman

Nicholas Freeman (born 1956) is an English lawyer best known for specialising in the defence of traffic and speeding cases as well as road safety campaigning. He is the owner of Manchester-based legal practice Freeman &amp; Co.
Freeman has been nicknamed "Mr Loophole" by the British tabloid press, a sobriquet which he has since trademarked.
Along with his partner, TV presenter Melissa Porter, Freeman has branched out into life coaching, co-creating a YouTube channel called The Life Coach and the Lawyer. He has also recently adopted Porter's son, Pierce, stating that "Adoption was something I’ve always wanted to do and this is a very natural process".
Freeman contributes to Jeremy Vine on 5, using his legal and road safety knowledge to inform and advise the public about legislation changes, arguing that reckless cyclists should have their driving licenses confiscated and be subject to drink and drug testing.
Early life.
Freeman is Jewish. He was privately educated at Uppingham School in Rutland. His father worked in retail, but warned him there would not be a business for him to take over. Although harbouring ambitions to become a professional golfer, he was persuaded to study law. Freeman completed his A-levels a year early, and went on to study law at Trent Polytechnic, and at the College of Law in Chester.
Career.
On graduation, Freeman became an Articled Clerk in Nottingham. He won an advocacy competition and was hired as a prosecutor for Greater Manchester Police in 1981. In 1983, he moved to a firm of criminal lawyers in Manchester and was a partner within six months.
Aged 42, he left and set up Freeman &amp; Co in Manchester. Freeman gained notoriety for getting acquittals for several celebrities. Freeman also still handles legal aid work and is on the Legal Services Commission's specialist fraud panel.
Loopholes.
On the ethics of using loopholes, Freeman comments:
Clients.
His first high-profile case was that of Alex Ferguson in 1999. Freeman argued that Ferguson had to use the hard shoulder to get to the training ground to allow for his upset stomach and need for a toilet. Clients since have included:
Arrest.
On 30 October 2006, Freeman and one other man were arrested by Greater Manchester Police at premises in the centre of Manchester and held at a police station. The arrest was for suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice by encouraging a client to lie under oath, and the arrest was on behalf of an investigation being undertaken by Gwent Police. Freeman denied the allegations, and after an extended release on bail, no charges were brought against him after it emerged that he had not spoken to the client.
Campaigning.
In 2021, Freeman created a petition calling for cyclists and e-scooter riders to be required to display visible identification, to use cycle lanes where available, and for the introduction of a licensing and penalty point system. The petition received 10,000 signatures, and the government responded that it had no plans to introduce such requirements for cyclists.
In 2014, he established the "Save the Staffy" website as part of his campaign against negative stereotypes about the Staffordshire Bull Terrier dog breed.

</doc>
<doc id="6982154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982154" title="Downer EDI Works Limited">
Downer EDI Works Limited

Downer EDI Works Limited (previously Public Works department, Ministry of Works and Works Infrastructure Limited and often simply Works) is a New Zealand based engineering and construction company owned by the Downer Group.
History.
The former New Zealand Ministry of Works, originally set up in 1870 as the Public Works Department and later known as Works Civil Construction, was corporatized in 1996. As a result, a new entity was created and the assets and operations of the former organization were transferred to it. It procured over 30 other companies in the following years, and changed its name to Works Infrastructure in 2000. In July 2007, it became Downer EDI Works Limited.
Structure.
Downer EDI Works is spread across various countries—New Zealand (around 2,700 employees), Australia, Asia and the Pacific region. Its annual turnover exceeds NZ$600 million, with a 2006 financial year surplus of NZ$16 million.
Over 75% of the business of the company falls under the various branches of New Zealand Government (including local authorities), which involves construction and maintenance of the country's roads. 300,000 tonnes of asphalt is produced by Works per year.
Awards.
The Accident Compensation Corporation awarded Works Infrastructure Limited the ACC 'ThinkSafe' Workplace Safety Award in 2005 for its workplace safety culture.

</doc>
<doc id="6982157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982157" title="S/2005 (2003 UB313) 1">
S/2005 (2003 UB313) 1



</doc>
<doc id="6982159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982159" title="Stado Tarbes Pyrénées Rugby">
Stado Tarbes Pyrénées Rugby

Stado Tarbes Pyrénées rugby is a French rugby union team that currently takes part in Nationale, the third level of the country's league system.
They were founded in August 2000 as a result of a merger between Stadoceste Tarbais and the senior side of Cercle Amical Lannemezanais. They play in red and white. They are based in Tarbes, the capital of the Hautes-Pyrénées département, in Occitania, and play at the Stade Maurice Trélut.
History.
Several clubs from the Bigorre region have been part of the history of rugby union in France, but none of them was able to keep up with the times when professionalism appeared. Stadoceste Tarbais, the big regional gun, a two-time French champion, was struggling in the amateur leagues, like FC Lourdes (8 times French champion) and Stade Bagnérais. However, at the end of the 1999-2000 season, CA Lannemezan reached Pro D2 for the first time ever. But the Ligue Nationale de Rugby, which operates the French professional leagues, blocked the promotion, fearing that a club in a town of 6 000-odd inhabitants would never survive as a professional outfit. Stadoceste Tarbais, which had just been promoted to the 4th division (Fédérale 2), made CA Lannemezan an offer to join forces in order to build a strong viable club and reach Top 14 in the near future. Tarbes and Lannemezan are 35 km apart. The plan was backed by the local government of Hautes-Pyrénées, which would only support one top level club in the area. FC Lourdes and Stade Bagnérais were offered to join but rejected the offer as they feared that they would lose their identity in a bigger club which, in all likelihood, would play in the capital of the department, Tarbes. The board of CA Lannemezan originally rejected the merger 73%–27%, but the club president managed to get it done.
In August 2000, the new club LT65 (Lannemezan Tarbes Hautes-Pyrénées) took off as a merger of Stadoceste Tarbais and CA Lannemezan, and took the place of Lannemezan in Pro D2. Very soon though, dissensions appeared inside the club: all games were played in Tarbes, while Lannemezan became « dead on matchdays » (according to the CAL president), professional and semi-professional players were mixed, leading to frictions inside the squad etc. Soon, the club was renamed Tarbes Pyrénées Rugby, severing the symbolic link with Lannemezan. In 2003, some players and board members left and decided to relaunch the senior team in their lifelong club which had kept its youth teams. By 2005, Lannemezan was back in Fédérale 1 and hoping to climb back to Pro D2, with a view to juicy derbies against TPR; their ambitions were realized in 2009, when they won the Fédérale 1 crown and earned promotion to Pro D2. TPR has not been able to establish itself as a candidate for promotion to Top 14 so far.
Current squad.
"2021"

</doc>
<doc id="6982161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982161" title="Burning bridges">
Burning bridges



</doc>
<doc id="6982163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982163" title="Burning boats">
Burning boats



</doc>
<doc id="6982176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982176" title="Old Clarksville site">
Old Clarksville site

The Old Clarksville site is along the waterfront of Clarksville, Indiana, roughly between the Interpretive Center and Clark Homesite of Falls of the Ohio State Park. Officially its address is restricted by the National Register, as much of it is on private property where there is no public access to the Ohio River.
George Rogers Clark cabin.
George Rogers Clark built a cabin in 1803, in order to live independently from his sister in Locust Grove. He had built a mill on the property at Mill Run. Visitors to the cabin included Aaron Burr, John James Audubon, and various Indian chiefs. After his accident in 1809 he was forced to leave his cabin for good. The original cabin was lost in 1854. In anticipation of the Bicentennial events for the Lewis &amp; Clark Expedition, in 2001 a reconstruction of Clark's cabin was built, as this was where Meriwether Lewis and Clark's brother William met to start their epic journey.
The homesite was originally under the control of the Culbertson Mansion State Historic Site, but since its establishment, the Falls of the Ohio State Park oversees it.
On May 20, 2021, the reconstruction of the Clark cabin was destroyed by fire. 

</doc>
<doc id="6982179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982179" title="Polymer Interdisciplinary Research Centre">
Polymer Interdisciplinary Research Centre

The Interdisciplinary Research Centre in Polymer Science and Technology is a consortium of research groups, formed in 1989 from the Universities of Durham, Leeds and Bradford, all of whom are involved research in polymer science and technology. The University of Sheffield joined in 2004. The Polymer IRC has complementary expertise in polymer chemistry, physics and processing with research programmes covering a wide range of multi-disciplinary polymer science and technology.
Research programmes in the Polymer IRC are funded by grants from government bodies, in particular the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council and industry.
From 2011 the Polymer IRC has been centred at the extensive polymer engineering laboratories at the University of Bradford, Polymer IRC with further interdisciplinary research in polymers with pharmaceuticals, and, since 2015, materials chemistry. From 2009, a substantial Science Bridges China programme in Advanced Materials for Healthcare with leading Chinese universities began, which has led to three joint international research laboratories and many early career researcher exchanges Science Bridges China.

</doc>
<doc id="6982181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982181" title="Depository Trust and Clearing">
Depository Trust and Clearing



</doc>
<doc id="6982184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982184" title="Neon genesis Evangelion">
Neon genesis Evangelion



</doc>
<doc id="6982185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982185" title="Krapkowice County">
Krapkowice County

Krapkowice County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Krapkowice, which lies south of the regional capital Opole. The county also contains the towns of Zdzieszowice, lying south-east of Krapkowice, and Gogolin, north-east of Krapkowice.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 67,926, out of which the population of Krapkowice is 16,301, that of Zdzieszowice is 11,445, that of Gogolin is 6,682, and the rural population is 29,429.
Neighbouring counties.
Krapkowice County is bordered by Opole County to the north, Strzelce County to the east, Kędzierzyn-Koźle County to the south-east and Prudnik County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (three urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6982187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982187" title="Powiat of Krapkowice">
Powiat of Krapkowice



</doc>
<doc id="6982193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982193" title="5 de Mayo">
5 de Mayo



</doc>
<doc id="6982199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982199" title="Depository Trust and Clearing Corp">
Depository Trust and Clearing Corp



</doc>
<doc id="6982202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982202" title="The Depository Trust and Clearing Corp">
The Depository Trust and Clearing Corp



</doc>
<doc id="6982203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982203" title="Matter (disambiguation)">
Matter (disambiguation)

Matter is the substance of which objects are made.
Matter or Matters may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6982206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982206" title="The Depository Trust &amp; Clearing Corp">
The Depository Trust &amp; Clearing Corp



</doc>
<doc id="6982212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982212" title="Fulton Hogan">
Fulton Hogan

Fulton Hogan is a large infrastructure construction, roadworks and aggregate supplier company in New Zealand, which is also active in wider Australasia.
The company was founded by Julius Fulton and Robert Hogan in Dunedin in 1933. In 2013 the company reported an annual operating profit of NZ$96.5 million, from revenue of $3.22 billion, and employed over 5,500 people. This is up from 3,400 staff and a net profit of over $55 million on revenue of $891 million in 2005.
The company is an unlisted public company.
History.
After the motor vehicle gained increasing prominence in the 1920s, political and popular pressure grew to create a system of New Zealand state highways. The newly formed Fulton Hogan would be one of the companies growing from and building this system in the following decades, at first mainly in the South Island.
It was created by Julius Fulton, an assistant surveyor, and Robert Hogan, a mechanic, who had both been employees of the Neuchatel Asphalte Company in near East Taieri in the late 1920s. After losing their jobs, they formed their own company during the Depression, with Hogan organising machinery, often bought or loaned from the Public Works Department, and Fulton overseeing the works.
While World War II slowed their expansion, the years after the war found large growth in roadworks and also in the building of the Comalco Aluminium Smelter and Roxburgh Hydro plant. These days, the company's operations stretch through all of New Zealand and much of Australasia, covering such tasks as residential driveways to dams and airport runways.
In popular culture.
Fulton Hogan's logo was seen in all 5 series of the BBC Comedy Keeping Up Appearances. The character "Onslow" is always seen wearing a cap with the "FH" logo on. According to Geoffrey Hughes, the actor who played Onslow, he was given the cap by a Fulton Hogan truck driver while on a promotional trip in New Zealand for a previous project.

</doc>
<doc id="6982215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982215" title="Kluczbork County">
Kluczbork County

Kluczbork County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Kluczbork, which lies north-east of the regional capital Opole. The county also contains the towns of Wołczyn, lying west of Kluczbork, and Byczyna, north of Kluczbork.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 65,644, out of which the population of Kluczbork is 23,554, that of Wołczyn is 5,907, that of Byczyna is 3,582, and the rural population is 32,601.
Neighbouring counties.
Kluczbork County is bordered by Kępno County and Wieruszów County to the north, Olesno County to the south-east, Opole County to the south, and Namysłów County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (three urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6982216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982216" title="Powiat of Kluczbork">
Powiat of Kluczbork



</doc>
<doc id="6982228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982228" title="Burning the bridge">
Burning the bridge



</doc>
<doc id="6982229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982229" title="Nysa County">
Nysa County

Nysa County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland, on the Czech border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Nysa, which lies south-west of the regional capital Opole. The county contains four other towns: Głuchołazy, south of Nysa, Paczków, west of Nysa, Otmuchów, west of Nysa, and Korfantów, east of Nysa.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 136,393. The most populated towns are Nysa with 43,849 inhabitants, Głuchołazy with 13,534 inhabitants, and Paczków with 7,460 inhabitants.
Neighbouring counties.
Nysa County is bordered by Ząbkowice Śląskie County to the west, Strzelin County and Brzeg County to the north, Opole County to the north-east, and Prudnik County to the south-east. It also borders the Czech Republic to the south-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (five urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6982230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982230" title="Powiat of Nysa">
Powiat of Nysa



</doc>
<doc id="6982241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982241" title="Olesno County">
Olesno County

Olesno County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Olesno, which lies north-east of the regional capital Opole. The county contains three other towns: Praszka, north of Olesno, Dobrodzień, south of Olesno, and Gorzów Śląski, north of Olesno.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 64,411. The most populated towns are Olesno with 9,374 inhabitants and Praszka with 7,655 inhabitants.
Neighbouring counties.
Olesno County is bordered by Wieruszów County and Wieluń County to the north, Kłobuck County to the east, Lubliniec County to the south-east, Strzelce County to the south, Opole County to the south-west, and Kluczbork County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into seven gminas (four urban-rural and three rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6982242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982242" title="Powiat of Olesno">
Powiat of Olesno



</doc>
<doc id="6982251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982251" title="Prudnik County">
Prudnik County

Prudnik County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland, on the Czech border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Prudnik, which lies south-west of the regional capital Opole. The county also contains the towns of Głogówek, lying east of Prudnik, and Biała, north-east of Prudnik.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 55,325, out of which the population of Prudnik is 21,041, that of Głogówek is 5,592, that of Biała is 2,426, and the rural population is 26,266.
Neighbouring counties.
Prudnik County is bordered by Nysa County to the north-west, Opole County to the north, Krapkowice County and Kędzierzyn-Koźle County to the east, and Głubczyce County to the south-east. It also borders the Czech Republic to the south.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (three urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6982252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982252" title="Powiat of Prudnik">
Powiat of Prudnik



</doc>
<doc id="6982264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982264" title="Głubczyce County">
Głubczyce County

Głubczyce County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland, on the Czech border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Głubczyce, which lies south of the regional capital Opole. The county also contains the towns of Kietrz, lying south-east of Głubczyce, and Baborów, south-east of Głubczyce.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019, its total population is 45,679, out of which the population of Głubczyce is 12,552, that of Kietrz is 6,005, that of Baborów is 2,905, and the rural population is 24,217.
Neighbouring counties.
Głubczyce County is bordered by Prudnik County to the north, and Kędzierzyn-Koźle County and Racibórz County to the east. It also borders the Czech Republic to the south and west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into four gminas (three urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
Local Action Group.
On the territory of the Głubczyce County is active "Plateau of the Good Land Local Action Group" ().
Partner regions.
Głubczyce County cooperates with:

</doc>
<doc id="6982265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982265" title="Powiat of Głubczyce">
Powiat of Głubczyce



</doc>
<doc id="6982267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982267" title="Glubczyce County">
Glubczyce County



</doc>
<doc id="6982270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982270" title="Emmanuel Kamber">
Emmanuel Kamber



</doc>
<doc id="6982280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982280" title="Namysłów County">
Namysłów County

Namysłów County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Namysłów, which lies north of the regional capital, which is the city of Opole.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 42,692, out of which the population of Namysłów is 16,557 and the rural population is 27,400.
Neighbouring counties.
Namysłów County is bordered by Kępno County to the north-east, Kluczbork County to the east, Opole County to the south, Brzeg County to the south-west, and Oława County and Oleśnica County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (one urban-rural and four rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6982281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982281" title="Powiat of Namysłów">
Powiat of Namysłów



</doc>
<doc id="6982283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982283" title="Namyslow County">
Namyslow County



</doc>
<doc id="6982287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982287" title="Light saber combat">
Light saber combat



</doc>
<doc id="6982289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982289" title="Jackie's Cheese Squeeze">
Jackie's Cheese Squeeze



</doc>
<doc id="6982291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982291" title="BCH formula">
BCH formula



</doc>
<doc id="6982294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982294" title="T. T. Lewis">
T. T. Lewis

T. T. Lewis (10 December 1905 – 1959) was a politician in Barbados.
Born Atholl Edwin Seymour Lewis, T. T. Lewis was one of a set of twins born in Drax Hall, Barbados. Lewis was only afforded primary education, but valued education in his political career.
He was elected to the Barbados Parliament in 1942, as an independent. He was re-elected in 1944 and 1946 on the Congress Party (CNG) ticket, and re-elected 1948–55 with the Barbados Labor Party (BLP). Lewis, a White man, was fired from his job in 1949 for joining the Barbados Labour Party, whose members were of African descent. Sir Grantley Adams supported Lewis during the firing with a 1949 demonstration, called the "Lewis Demonstration." Lewis broke with Adams in the early 1950s, but remained a member of the BLP. In 1956 the Democratic Labour Party (DLP) was formed and Lewis joined the new party. During the 1956 election, Lewis ran as a member of the DLP, and was defeated. 
Among other efforts, Lewis is known for advocating free secondary education for all in Barbados. In 1959 Lewis died while in St. Lucia for his daughter's wedding. In 1962 secondary education was guaranteed to all Bajans, after the major 1961 win by the DLP in the Barbados parliament, and the assumption of the duties of Prime Minister by Errol Barrow, DLP.

</doc>
<doc id="6982295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982295" title="Zantop Flying Service">
Zantop Flying Service



</doc>
<doc id="6982303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982303" title="Light saber fighting">
Light saber fighting



</doc>
<doc id="6982304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982304" title="Strzelce County">
Strzelce County

Strzelce County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Opole Voivodeship, south-western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Strzelce Opolskie, which lies south-east of the regional capital Opole. The county contains four other towns: Zawadzkie, north-east of Strzelce Opolskie, Kolonowskie, north-east of Strzelce Opolskie, Leśnica, south-west of Strzelce Opolskie, and Ujazd, south-east of Strzelce Opolskie.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 74,460. The most populated towns are Strzelce Opolskie with 17,900 inhabitants, and Zawadzkie with 7,135 inhabitants.
Neighbouring counties.
Strzelce County is bordered by Olesno County to the north, Lubliniec County to the north-east, Tarnowskie Góry County to the east, Gliwice County to the south-east, Kędzierzyn-Koźle County to the south, Krapkowice County to the west and Opole County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into seven gminas (five urban-rural and two rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6982305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982305" title="Switchover">
Switchover

Switchover is the manual switch from one system to a redundant or standby computer server, system, or network upon the failure or abnormal termination of the previously active server, system, or network, or to perform system maintenance, such as installing patches, and upgrading software or hardware.
Automatic switchover of a redundant system on an error condition, without human intervention, is called failover. Manual switchover on error would be used if automatic failover is not available, possibly because the overall system is too complex. 

</doc>
<doc id="6982306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982306" title="Powiat of Strzelce">
Powiat of Strzelce



</doc>
<doc id="6982307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982307" title="Powiat of Strzelce Opolskie">
Powiat of Strzelce Opolskie



</doc>
<doc id="6982308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982308" title="Strzelce Opolskie County">
Strzelce Opolskie County



</doc>
<doc id="6982309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982309" title="Monsef Zerka">
Monsef Zerka

Monsef Zerka (, born 30 August 1981) is a former professional footballer. He originally played as a striker, but throughout his career he has also played as a fullback and as a midfielder. Born in France, he represented Morocco at international level.
Club career.
Nancy.
Zerka was born in Orléans. After playing for US Orléans as a youngster, Zerka was signed by Nancy on the recommendation of his coach Jacques Quéré. He completed the final years of his apprenticeship at Nancy before making his debut in 2001. He debuted in a 4–0 home win against Caen, coming in as a late substitute in the 83rd minute.
Before finally signing professional forms (initially a three-year contract) with Nancy in August 2002, Zerka had made his debut for the Morocco national team.
After playing in various positions over the years, Zerka proved effective in a forward role in Nancy's first season back in the top flight, scoring 6 goals in 24 appearances and continued in this position in 2006–07. He left AS Nancy in the summer of 2009, after playing 173 league matches for the club and scoring 17 goals. In Ligue 1, he featured in 85 matches and scored 13 goals.
Zerka will be remember by AS Nancy supporters for scoring the first goal of Nancy in the Final of the 2006 Coupe de la Ligue. It was the first major trophy won by the club since the 1978 French Cup.
Nantes.
On 31 August 2010, Zerka signed for Ligue 2 outfit FC Nantes. Zerka debuted for his new in a 2–1 home win against Racing Strasbourg. He also scored his first goal for Nantes in his debut. It was the 1–1 equalizer, scored in the 22nd minute of the match after an assist by Jean-Claude Darcheville. He scored his second, and last, league goal for Nantes in the next match against SC Bastia. It was scored in the 7th minute of the match and it was the opening goal, in a match that ended as a 1–1 draw. It was scored after an assist by Djamel Abdoun. In the next season Zerka remained goalless for Nantes in the league. He scored his only goal that season, in a French Cup 4–2 away defeat by US Boulogne. On 7 January 2011, Nantes and Zerka mutually agreed to part ways. During his spell at Nantes Zerka featured in 35 Ligue 2 games, scoring 2 goals.
Iraklis.
On 14 January 2011, Zerka signed a contract with Greek Superleague club Iraklis until the summer of 2012. He debuted for Iraklis on 23 January 2011, as he was in the starting line-up in a 3–0 away defeat by AO Kavala.
New England Revolution.
Zerka left Iraklis on a mutual agreement after their relegation from the Greek top flight, and he subsequently signed with Major League Soccer club New England Revolution on 18 August 2011. Zerka became one of the few bright spots in the Revolution's dismal 2011 campaign. He made his Revolution debut, and scored his first Revolution goal, on 7 September 2011 in a 4-4 draw with the Philadelphia Union. He made his home debut 3 days later in a home win over FC Dallas. He scored his second and final goal for the Revolution in the final match of the Revolution season, a 2-2 draw at Toronto FC.
The Revolution declined Zerka's contract on 30 November 2011. In seven matches (all starts) Zerka concluded his Revolution career with two goals and an assist.
Petrolul Ploieşti.
In March 2012, he signed with the Romanian club Petrolul Ploieşti, scoring 2 goals in 12 matches.
Tanjong Pagar United.
Zerka joined Singapore League (S.League) club Tanjong Pagar United in January 2013. He made his league debut on 22 February 2013 against Balestier Khalsa, scoring a goal in the match that ended 3–1 to Tanjong Pagar United. On 27 February 2013, in only his second league match, Zerka scored his first career hat-trick against Warriors FC, which Tanjong Pagar United won 6–1. On 4 October 2013, Zerka scored a hat-trick 2 goals and 1 own goal to helped Tanjong Pagar United become the first team to qualify for the 2013 Singapore Cup.
International career.
Zerka has gained 10 full caps for Morocco, scoring 2 goals.
2004 Summer Olympics football tournament.
Zerka was a member of the Moroccan squad for the 2004 Summer Olympics football tournament. He was a starter in Morocco's first match, a 0–0 draw against Costa Rica. In the second match, a 1–2 defeat by Portugal, Zerka was once again a starter, but he was substituted in the 72nd minute by Tajeddine Sami. He watched Morocco's third and last match in the tournament from the bench. The match ended up a 2–1 victory for Morocco, its only victory in the tournament. Morocco got 4 points, equal to those of Costa Rica, but it was eliminated from the tournament, as it had scored fewer goals than Costa Rica.
2008 African Cup of Nations.
Zerka also featured in the Morocco squad for the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations in Ghana. In the opening match for Morocco, he came in as a substitute for Youssouf Hadji in the 70th minute. He managed to score a header for Morocco 4 minutes after his entrance in the game. It was his team's last goal in 1-5 devastation against Namibia and Zerka's first goal for his country. He was a starter in his team's next match, a 3–2 defeat by Guinea, but he was substituted in the 80th minute by El Moubarki. In the next match Morocco had to compete against host nation Ghana. Zerka came in as a substitute for Aboucherouane in the 55th minute of the match, but he was unable to help his team overturn Ghana's 2–0 lead. Morocco finished 3rd in its group and was eliminated.
Honours.
Nancy

</doc>
<doc id="6982310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982310" title="H-1B Visa">
H-1B Visa



</doc>
<doc id="6982314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982314" title="H-4 Visa">
H-4 Visa



</doc>
<doc id="6982327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982327" title="Aquila, Ticino">
Aquila, Ticino



</doc>
<doc id="6982328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982328" title="The Search for Keldor">
The Search for Keldor



</doc>
<doc id="6982354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982354" title="Vladimir Bogomolov (writer)">
Vladimir Bogomolov (writer)

Vladimir Osipovich Bogomolov (; 3 July 1924 in Kirillovka village, Moscow Governorate – 30 December 2003 in Moscow) was a Soviet and Russian writer.
When Bogomolov was still in school the Soviet Union was drawn into World War II. He joined the Army after completing only seven grades. He started the war as a private; when the war was over, he had a company under his command. He was wounded and was awarded several medals during his active duty. He continued his military service until 1950 in the army intelligence in East Germany. In 1950 — 1951, he spent 13 months in jail without being formally charged. He retired in 1952. One of his early short stories, "Ivan" (Иван, 1957), was adapted to the screen as "Ivan's Childhood" (Иваново детство, 1962) by Andrei Tarkovsky.
His most famous novel is "In August of 1944" ("The Moment of Truth", 1973), which tells the story of SMERSH operatives that followed the frontlines, restored order, and eliminated suspected marauders and saboteurs. It is partly told through pseudo-authentic military correspondence and documents: orders, circulars, telegrams, and reports. The novel saw over a hundred editions, was translated into multiple languages, and was made into a film twice.

</doc>
<doc id="6982356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982356" title="Resident Patient (album)">
Resident Patient (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6982362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982362" title="All the Stars and Boulevards">
All the Stars and Boulevards

All the Stars and Boulevards is the debut album by American rock band Augustana The album was released September 6, 2005, by Epic Records.
The album's release went largely unnoticed at the time. However, the single "Boston" was used during an episode of the CW series "One Tree Hill" in 2006 and propelled the band into national prominence. As a result, the song was used in several other MTV and VH1 shows, and Augustana was selected as a "You Oughta Know" band by VH1. The album was then selectively re-released on September 12, 2006. "Boston" continued to be used on television into 2007, including in episodes of the series "Scrubs", "Shark", and "The Big Bang Theory".
Critical reception.
"All the Stars and Boulevards" garnered a mixed reception from music critics. Gavin Edwards of "Rolling Stone" found the production, honest lyrics and guitar work mixing well with each other in O'Brien's control, saying that "Augustana are ready for their guest appearance on just about any WB show (OK, maybe not "Reba")." Tim Sendra of AllMusic said that the band's influences that make up their overall sound felt inauthentic, with production, instrumentals and vocal dexterity being put through the studio cycle. But Sendra said that "the album is still listenable in a strange kind of way[,] since the lack of any distinguishing features allows the music to be perfect background music." Bud Scoopa of "Paste" said that, despite the album being well produced, he found dissonance between the lyrics and instruments mixing together.
Re-release.
The re-released version of the album includes a re-mixed version of "Wasteland," a new track titled "Marie," and live acoustic versions of "Boston" and "Stars and Boulevards."
Personnel.
Musicians.
Augustana is Dan Layus, Josiah Rosen, Jared Palomar, and Justin South.

</doc>
<doc id="6982367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982367" title="Zantop Air Transport">
Zantop Air Transport

Zantop Air Transport was a United States airline incorporated in 7 July 1956 from the earlier Zantop Flying Service. It was a Part 45 carrier until 1962 when the Civil Aeronautics Board approved transfer of the operating certificate of Coastal Air Lines, making Zantop a supplemental air carrier. As a Part 45 carrier, Zantop was not a common carrier, it flew contract work for the Big Three automakers and for the Air Force Logair air freight service and with the US Navy, Quicktrans freight service up and down the Eastern Seaboard. As a supplemental, Zantop was able to hold itself out to the public as a general charter carrier. The original founders of Zantop Flying Services, the Zantop brothers, all sold their stock and resigned from the company in 1966. A name change was filed with the State of Michigan effective 29 December 1966 in the name of Universal Airlines, Inc.
The airline was based at Wayne County Airport, Inkster, Michigan.
Zantop Flying Service.
Zantop Flying Service was a fixed base operator (FBO) formed by brothers Duane, Lloyd and Howard Zantop as a partnership in 1946. The base of operations for the new company was Jackson, Michigan. At first, the fledgling company used light aircraft, and performed cargo duties for General Motors. In 1952 the company obtained a commercial operators permit and began to service Chrysler and Ford. A year later in 1953 they moved the operations to Wayne Major Airport, now Detroit Metro Airport.
The company continued under that name until becoming Zantop Air Transport in 1956.
Zantop International Airlines.
Universal collapsed on 4 May 1972. Zantop International Airlines was incorporated 30 May 1972 by the three Zantop brothers with minority participation by two other people. By June it was in operation, once again flying auto parts.
Fleet.
As of September 30, 1959:
As of 30 June 1961:
As of 31 December 1965:

</doc>
<doc id="6982375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982375" title="David Line">
David Line



</doc>
<doc id="6982386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982386" title="Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition (UK)">
Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition (UK)



</doc>
<doc id="6982396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982396" title="Ashly Delgrosso">
Ashly Delgrosso



</doc>
<doc id="6982399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982399" title="Bovine viral diarrhea">
Bovine viral diarrhea

Bovine viral diarrhea (BVD), bovine viral diarrhoea (UK English) or mucosal disease, previously referred to as bovine virus diarrhea (BVD), is an economically significant disease of cattle that is found in the majority of countries throughout the world. Worldwide reviews of the economically assessed production losses and intervention programs (e.g. eradication programs, vaccination strategies and biosecurity measures) incurred by BVD infection have been published. The causative agent, bovine viral diarrhea virus (BVDV), is a member of the genus "Pestivirus" of the family Flaviviridae.
BVD infection results in a wide variety of clinical signs, due to its immunosuppressive effects, as well as having a direct effect on respiratory disease and fertility. In addition, BVD infection of a susceptible dam during a certain period of gestation can result in the production of a persistently infected (PI) fetus.
PI animals recognise intra-cellular BVD viral particles as ‘self’ and shed virus in large quantities throughout life; they represent the cornerstone of the success of BVD as a disease.
Currently, it was shown in a worldwide review study that the PI prevalence at animal level ranged from low (≤0.8% Europe, North America, Australia), medium (&gt;0.8% to 1.6% East Asia) to high (&gt;1.6% West Asia). Countries that had failed to implement any BVDV control and/or eradication programmes (including vaccination) had the highest PI prevalence.
Virus classification and structure.
BVDVs are members of the genus "Pestivirus", belonging to the family "Flaviviridae". Other members of this genus cause Border disease (sheep) and classical swine fever (pigs) which cause significant financial loss to the livestock industry.
Pestiviruses are small, spherical, single-stranded, enveloped RNA viruses of 40 to 60 nm in diameter.
The genome consists of a single, linear, positive-sense, single-stranded RNA molecule of approximately 12.3 kb. RNA synthesis is catalyzed by the BVDV RNA-dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp). This RdRp can undergo template strand switching allowing RNA-RNA copy choice recombination during elongative RNA synthesis.
Two BVDV genotypes are recognised, based on the nucleotide sequence of the 5’untranslated (UTR) region; BVDV-1 and BVDV-2. BVDV-1 isolates have been grouped into 16 subtypes (a –p) and BVDV-2 has currently been grouped into 3 subtypes (a – c).
BVDV strains can be further divided into distinct biotypes (cytopathic or non-cytopathic) according to their effects on tissue cell culture; cytopathic (cp) biotypes, formed via mutation of non-cytopathic (ncp) biotypes, induce apoptosis in cultured cells. Ncp viruses can induce persistent infection in cells and have an intact NS2/3 protein. In cp viruses the NS2/3 protein is either cleaved to NS2 and NS3 or there is a duplication of viral RNA containing an additional NS3 region. The majority of BVDV infections in the field are caused by the ncp biotype.
Epidemiology.
BVD is considered one of the most significant infectious diseases in the livestock industry worldwide due to its high prevalence, persistence and clinical consequences.
In Europe the prevalence of antibody positive animals in countries without systematic BVD control is between 60 and 80%. Prevalence has been determined in individual countries and tends to be positively associated with stocking density of cattle.
BVDV-1 strains are predominant in most parts of the world, whereas BVDV-2 represents 50% of cases in North America. In Europe, BVDV-2 was first isolated in the UK in 2000 and currently represents up to 11% of BVD cases in Europe.
Transmission of BVDV occurs both horizontally and vertically with both persistently and transiently infected animals excreting infectious virus. Virus is transmitted via direct contact, bodily secretions and contaminated fomites, with the virus being able to persist in the environment for more than two weeks. Persistently infected animals are the most important source of the virus, continuously excreting a viral load one thousand times that shed by acutely infected animals.
Pathogenesis.
Acute, transient infection.
Following viral entry and contact with the mucosal lining of the mouth or nose, replication occurs in epithelial cells. BVDV replication has a predilection for the palatine tonsils, lymphoid tissues and epithelium of the oropharynx.
Phagocytes take up BVDV or virus-infected cells and transport them to peripheral lymphoid tissues; the virus can also spread systemically through the bloodstream. Viraemia occurs 2–4 days after exposure and virus isolation from serum or leukocytes is generally possible between 3–10 days post infection.
During systemic spread the virus is able to gain entry into most tissues with a preference for lymphoid tissues. Neutralising antibodies can be detected from 10 to 14 days post infection with titres continuing to increase slowly for 8–10 weeks. After 2–3 weeks, antibodies effectively neutralise viral particles, promote clearance of virus and prevent seeding of target organs.
Intrauterine infections.
Fetal infection is of most consequence as this can result in the birth of a persistently infected neonate. The effects of fetal infection with BVDV are dependent upon the stage of gestation at which the dam suffers acute infection.
BVDV infection of the dam prior to conception, and during the first 18 days of gestation, results in delayed conception and an increased calving to conception interval. Once the embryo is attached, infection from days 29–41 can result in embryonic infection and resultant embryonic death.
Infection of the dam from approximately day 30 of gestation until day 120 can result in immunotolerance and the birth of calves persistently infected with the virus.
BVDV infection between 80 and 150 days of gestation may be teratogenic, with the type of birth defect dependent upon the stage of fetal development at infection. Abortion may occur at any time during gestation. Infection after approximately day 120 can result in the birth of a normal fetus which is BVD antigen-negative and BVD antibody-positive. This occurs because the fetal immune system has developed, by this stage of gestation, and has the ability to recognise and fight off the invading virus, producing anti-BVD antibodies.
Chronic infections.
BVD virus can be maintained as a chronic infection within some immunoprivileged sites following transient infection. These sites include ovarian follicles, testicular tissues, central nervous system and white blood cells. Cattle with chronic infections elicit a significant immune response, exhibited by extremely high antibody titres.
Clinical signs.
BVDV infection has a wide manifestation of clinical signs including fertility issues, milk drop, pyrexia, diarrhea, and fetal infection. Occasionally, a severe acute form of BVD may occur. These outbreaks are characterized by thrombocytopenia with high morbidity and mortality. However, clinical signs are frequently mild and infection insidious, recognized only by BVDV's immunosuppressive effects perpetuating other circulating infectious diseases (particularly scours and pneumonias).
PI animals.
Persistently infected animals did not have a competent immune system at the time of BVDV transplacental infection. The virus, therefore, entered the fetal cells and, during immune system development, was accepted as self. In PIs the virus remains present in a large number of the animal's body cells throughout its life and is continuously shed. PIs are often ill-thrifty and smaller than their peers, however, they can appear normal. PIs are more susceptible to disease, with only 20% of PIs surviving to two years of age. If a PI dam is able to reproduce they always give birth to PI calves.
Mucosal disease.
The PI cattle that do survive ill-thrift are susceptible to mucosal disease. Mucosal disease only develops in PI animals and is invariably fatal. Disease results when a PI animal is superinfected with a cytopathic biotype arising from mutation of the non-cytopathic strain of BVDV already circulating in that animal. The cp BVDV spreads to the gastro-intestinal epithelium, and necrosis of keratinocytes results in erosion and ulceration. Fluid leaks from the epithelial surface of the gastro-intestinal tract causing diarrhoea and dehydration. In addition, bacterial infection of the damaged epithelium results in secondary septicaemia. Death occurs in the ensuing days or weeks.
Diagnosis.
Various diagnostic tests are available for the detection of either active infection or evidence of historical infection. The method of diagnosis used also depends upon whether the vet is investigating at an individual or a herd level.
Virus or antigen detection.
Antigen ELISA and rtPCR are currently the most frequently performed tests to detect virus or viral antigen. Individual testing of ear tissue tag samples or serum samples is performed. It is vital that repeat testing is performed on positive samples to distinguish between acute, transiently infected cattle and PIs. A second positive result, acquired at least three weeks after the primary result, indicates a PI animal. rtPCR can also be used on bulk tank milk (BTM) samples to detect any PI cows contributing to the tank. It is reported that the maximum number of contributing cows from which a PI can be detected is 300.
BVD antibody detection.
Antibody (Ig) ELISAs are used to detect historical BVDV infection; these tests have been validated in serum, milk and bulk milk samples. Ig ELISAs do not diagnose active infection but detect the presence of antibodies produced by the animal in response to viral infection. Vaccination also induces an antibody response, which can result in false positive results, therefore it is important to know the vaccination status of the herd or individual when interpreting results. A standard test to assess whether virus has been circulating recently is to perform an Ig ELISA on blood from 5–10 young stock that have not been vaccinated, aged between 9 and 18 months. A positive result indicates exposure to BVDV, but also that any positive animals are very unlikely to be PI animals themselves. A positive result in a pregnant female indicates that she has previously been either vaccinated or infected with BVDV and could possibly be carrying a PI fetus, so antigen testing of the newborn is vital to rule this out. A negative antibody result, at the discretion of the responsible veterinarian, may require further confirmation that the animal is not in fact a PI.
At a herd level, a positive Ig result suggests that BVD virus has been circulating or the herd is vaccinated. Negative results suggest that a PI is unlikely however this naïve herd is in danger of severe consequences should an infected animal be introduced. Antibodies from wild infection or vaccination persist for several years therefore Ig ELISA testing is more valuable when used as a surveillance tool in seronegative herds.
Eradication and control.
The mainstay of eradication is the identification and removal of persistently infected animals. Re-infection is then prevented by vaccination and high levels of biosecurity, supported by continuing surveillance. PIs act as viral reservoirs and are the principal source of viral infection but transiently infected animals and contaminated fomites also play a significant role in transmission.
Leading the way in BVD eradication, almost 20 years ago, were the Scandinavian countries. Despite different conditions at the start of the projects in terms of legal support, and regardless of initial prevalence of herds with PI animals, it took all countries approximately 10 years to reach their final stages.
Once proven that BVD eradication could be achieved in a cost efficient way, a number of regional programmes followed in Europe, some of which have developed into national schemes.
Vaccination is an essential part of both control and eradication. While BVD virus is still circulating within the national herd, breeding cattle are at risk of producing PI neonates and the economic consequences of BVD are still relevant. Once eradication has been achieved, unvaccinated animals will represent a naïve and susceptible herd. Infection from imported animals or contaminated fomites brought into the farm, or via transiently infected in-contacts will have devastating consequences.
Vaccination.
Modern vaccination programmes aim not only to provide a high level of protection from clinical disease for the dam, but, crucially, to protect against viraemia and prevent the production of PIs. While the immune mechanisms involved are the same, the level of immune protection required for foetal protection is much higher than for prevention of clinical disease.
While challenge studies indicate that killed, as well as live, vaccines prevent foetal infection under experimental conditions, the efficacy of vaccines under field conditions has been questioned. The birth of PI calves into vaccinated herds suggests that killed vaccines do not stand up to the challenge presented by the viral load excreted by a PI in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="6982401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982401" title="Zantop International Airlines">
Zantop International Airlines

Zantop International Airlines, Inc. was a United States charter operator, originally uncertificated by the Civil Aeronautics Board (CAB), the now defunct Federal agency that, at the time, tightly regulated almost all US air transport. ZIA escaped CAB regulation by not being a common carrier, but originally worked exclusively for the Big Three automakers, transporting parts. In 1977 it received its certification as a supplemental air carrier from the CAB. ZIA was incorporated in May 1972 as a Michigan corporation, the stock of which was predominantly owned by the Zantop family.
History.
Context.
The Zantop brothers, Duane, Howard and Lloyd, started a fixed-base operator in 1946 called Zantop Flying Service, which was incorporated in 1956 as Zantop Air Transport, an uncertificated airline or Part 45 carrier (an airline that was not a common carrier). In 1962 it was certificated as a supplemental air carrier. In 1966, the brothers sold out to a new owner which renamed the business Universal Airlines. In May 1972, financial difficulties caused Universal Airlines to cease operations.
Startup.
On 30 May 1972, the same three Zantop brothers, along with two other people, incorporated Zantop International Airlines, Inc. (ZIA). ZIA was a Part 121 commercial operator, an airline that held Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) operational certification, but no economic certification from the CAB because it was not a common carrier; it did not accept shipments from the public. ZIA performed its first commercial operations in June 1972. In 1977, as a result of legislation that required all airlines flying for the military to be certificated, ZIA applied for and received CAB certification as a supplemental air carrier. ZIA was then a contractor for the United States Air Force Logair program for the next 14 years, from 1977 to 1991 when it was underbid and lost the contract (the Logair program ended completely in 1992).
In 1980, ZIA bought the mainland cargo business of Hawaiian Airlines (branded Hawaiian Air Cargo, also focused on Logair), including Hawaiian's Electras and its hangar at Macon, Georgia. A 21 March 1982 windstorm collapsed the ZIA hangar at Macon and crushed two Lockheed Electras within. The hangar was rebuilt, larger than before. ZIA's Macon presence survived the loss of the Logair contract and in 1996, ZIA got a contract with ValuJet to perform C-checks. The next year, however, ZIA sold its Macon operation.
From 1972 to 1978 Zantop flew the DC-6, the Lockheed L-188 Electra, the Convair CV-640 and several Douglas DC-8 freighters. In 1978 DC-8s were also used for passenger charter flights. In 1980 Zantop also purchased the freight division of Hawaiian Airlines and with it came more Electras. By this time Zantop was one of the largest airlines in the freight business. ZIA had an oversized cargo hub at Ypsilanti, Michigan that served numerous cities in the U.S. on a weeknight basis. A system route map published by Zantop in 1985 lists service to 32 airports in the central and eastern U.S. all served from the airline's hub located at the Willow Run Airport (YIP).
In the late 1980s Duane Zantop's son Jimmy took over after Duane experienced physical problems. Duane Zantop is credited with building the business while his son Jimmy Zantop is remembered for cautiously expanding opportunities globally. Both are credited with recognizing the unique opportunities created by the airline's rare certificates which allowed it to operate globally with very few political restrictions.
In 1994 the pilots of Zantop voted to join the Teamsters union primarily known for organizing auto workers. Partially in response Zantop created a dedicated FAR Part 125 Certificate that could operate without unionized pilots but this was insufficient to save the airline from the rapidly evolving air freight industry and competition from much larger UPS and FedEx. In the early 2000s Zantop surrendered their operating certificates to the FAA, sold their aging aircraft and ceased operations.
Freight contracts.
ZIA contracted to serve the automotive industry on demand and served it very well for decades. When an automotive production line was not going to get a shipment of assembly parts on time ZIA would be called to fly automobile parts from a subassembly production line to a major production line due to the economics of shutting down unionized labor assembly facilities.
Other contracts during this period included:
In the 1990s Zantop continued the military LogAir Contract until its expiration in late 1991. These routes were well served by Zantop - their best on-time performer (at least on paper) serving many military bases from coast to coast. Electra hubs for this contract included Robins AFB in Warner Robins, Georgia and Hill AFB in Ogden, Utah; the Convair was flown through Dayton, Ohio and points north.
ZIA began its overseas Electra L-188 contracts with Channel Express of Bournemouth, England in the latter part of 1989. Contracts included flying fresh flowers and newspapers from inland England to the English Channel Islands of Jersey and Guernsey. Additional contracts included Her Majesty's Mail and Parcel Post, UPS and occasionally FEDEX. UPS was flown initially from Southend at the mouth of the River Thames to Cologne, Germany. From Cologne (Köln) ZIA flew to Zaragosa, Spain.
In Alaska ZIA contracted with Lynden Air Cargo flying Electra L-188s. The US Postmaster was known to come on board to postmark freight being transported from Anchorage to the outback. The Electra was known to carry 30,000 pounds of frozen fish back to Anchorage. Points served in Alaska included Anchorage, Bethel, Aniak, St. Mary's, Dillingham, King Salmon, Nome, Kotzebue, Kodiak, and several other cities.
ZIA also contracted with the Norwegian shipping and air cargo carrier Fred Olsen Shipping Company to fly DHL contracts from Copenhagen, Denmark to Nuremberg, Germany and on to Bergamo, Italy. The following day the route was retraced adding Billund, Denmark on the return trip. Sunday afternoons provided a daylight flight over the German, Italian, and Swiss Alps.
Fleet.
"World Airline Fleets 1979" (copyright 1979) shows ZIA with: 
"1987-88 World Airline Fleets" (copyright 1987) shows ZIA with:
Zantop also operated the following aircraft from unknown years

</doc>
<doc id="6982402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982402" title="Postal currency">
Postal currency



</doc>
<doc id="6982411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982411" title="Molest">
Molest



</doc>
<doc id="6982413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982413" title="What's the time mr wolf?">
What's the time mr wolf?



</doc>
<doc id="6982416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982416" title="Vivien Lalu">
Vivien Lalu

Vivien Lalu (born 2 December 1978 in Paris, France) is a French composer, record producer, sound designer and keyboardist who plays in the melodic / progressive metal band A-Z as well as his own progressive rock project, Lalu. His distinctive signature as a Keyboardist is his inventive use of keyboard layers, which frequently combine New-age music elements with retro, progressive rock textures. Rock Hard praised Lalu for his "endlessly imaginative keyboard arrangements".
When it comes to Musical composition, The Prog Space highlighted Lalu's decision to move away from his early melodic prog metal sounds toward a "modernised" progressive rock style. Citing Yes as a major inspiration, almost religious to him, Lalu declared while promoting his latest effort, Paint the Sky: "There is only one Yes, and no one will ever be able to replace them! But I aim to bring their kind of music to a new generation".
Early life.
Vivien Lalu was born on 2 December 1978 in Paris, France, to Michel Lalu, the guitarist and vocalist of French progressive rock band Polène, and Noëlle Lalu, its keyboardist.
According to Lalu, his love for progressive rock may have been prenatal; it may have originated when his pregnant mother was playing Minimoog while he was in utero. He explained that his mother's Minimoog keyboard was right under his nose as a child, and that he always preferred the smooth feel of keys to the roughness of guitars.
He also grew up listening to his parents' tape recordings, as well as progressive rock bands like Yes, Genesis, Emerson, Lake &amp; Palmer, and others, which fuelled his enthusiasm for this sort of music. He was similarly influenced by electronic music and video game music from the 1980s, having spent his first ten years of life in this decade.
Lalu used to visit his uncle one time per month, where his cousin's synthesizer was waiting for him. He would spend all day in her room making music, coming up with melodies of his own, committing them to memory before returning the following month to refine them. He claimed that one of the first songs he ever wrote as a youngster was some sort of Irish waltz.
Lalu didn't choose to become a musician at first, though. He aspired to work as a mechanic in the French Air and Space Force since he had always admired aircraft, however his eyesight and inner ear difficulties made him unsuitable for a pilot's career. He decided to pursue painting and enrolled in a school of graphic arts instead, where he initially joined his first music group, with which he played keyboards. His love for painting was subsequently neglected and totally supplanted by his love for music.
Even though Lalu had started listening to Iron Maiden while he was in school, and then around the end of college, Megadeth and Sepultura, the real "shock" happened the day he received a gift from one of his high-school friends: Dream Theater's Images and Words album. He was astonished because he had never conceived that metal music with huge guitars and double bass drums, could be combined with the progressive rock sound that he loved.
Career.
Oniric Metal (2005)
In 2004, Lalu began recruiting musicians from various bands and establishing his own progressive metal project under the name "Lalu". His first full-length album Oniric Metal featured guitarist Joop Wolters on guitars, Ryan Van Poederooyen of The Devin Townsend Band on drums, Russel Bergquist of Annihilator on bass, and Martin LeMar of Mekong Delta on vocals. The album was released on Lion Music in 2005 and received the title of "Album of the Month" in the French edition of Rock Hard in May 2005.
Metal Storm called Lalu "a promising artist who will become a leader of the Progressive French scene without any doubt". ProGGnosis made a similar observation, labelling Lalu a "fresh newcomer to a scene desperate for something different".
Atomic Ark (2013)
After a lengthy absence from rock and metal music production, Lalu began working on the second Lalu opus in 2012. He handled the composition and songwriting, as well as keyboards for the entire album. The main band on Atomic Ark consisted of returning vocalist Martin LeMar, bassist Michael Lepond of Symphony X, guitarist Simone Mularoni of DGM, and drummer Virgil Donati of Planet X. It also featured a number of guest musicians, including Jens Johansson of Stratovarius and Jordan Rudess of Dream Theater among others.
Sensory Records reportedly signed the album immediately upon hearing it, and released it worldwide on 10 September 2013.
The media's response has been highly positive. According to Metal Injection, Atomic Ark is a "Shining example of how to do progressive music correctly". PopMatters described it as "meticulous progressive craftsmanship, all finished with a virtuoso panache". Rock Hard praised its technical aspects, calling it a "celebration of excellent musicianship".
Artist Endorsement with Roland Corporation
In March 2014, Lalu officially became a firm endorser of Roland, declaring having used their keyboards for nearly twenty years.
Atomic Tour &amp; Live at P60 (2015)
Lalu embarked on a small spring 2014 European tour with a limited number of shows featuring Atomic Ark's line-up and adding Joop Wolters as a second guitarist. The tour ended with the live recording during the final evening at P60, which was released as a digital-only album. Produced by Lalu himself, mixed and mastered by Simone Mularoni at Domination Studio, Live at P60 was officially released on 29 June 2015 through Bandcamp exclusively.
Celestial Spheres (2018)
In 2017, Roland asked Lalu to create a collection of ambient / cinematic sounds for the JD-XA. The company released it on their Axial platform in June 2018.
Multiple-album deal with Frontiers Records
Lalu started composing the third Lalu album, Paint the Sky, in 2019. Most of its music was written in 2020 while Lalu was confined as a result of French Covid-19 restrictions. Frontiers Records, impressed with the result upon hearing the album thanks to Alessandro Del Vecchio, promptly made contact with the French composer. They announced the signing of Lalu for a multiple-album deal in the following spring of 2021.
Paint the Sky (2022)
It has been said that "being the son of two musicians from the 70’s, and growing up surrounded by progressive music, Lalu always wanted to craft a true-to-its-roots progressive rock album".
To this end, Lalu's main lineup changed to: Damian Wilson of Headspace, Jelly Cardarelli of Adagio on drums, and Joop Wolters on guitars as well as bass this time.
Lalu took care of the music composition, while Damian Wilson handled all of the lyrics and vocal lines. Jelly Cardarelli co-produced the album with Lalu, and handled the mix entirely on his own. Alessandro Del Vecchio took care of the mastering.
Paint the Sky included contributions from several extra guest musicians, including Jordan Rudess and Jens Johansson, both of whom had previously performed on Atomic Ark. It also included appearances by Tony Franklin, Steve Walsh formerly of Kansas, and Simon Phillips formerly of Toto in the bonus-track version of the title track. The album was finally released by Frontiers Records on 21 January 2022, and in Japan through Marquee/Avalon.
Prog (magazine) labelled Lalu's third opus as "by far and away his best work yet", and a "corker" in their issue #128. Metal Injection's site editor himself called Paint the Sky a "progressive metal masterpiece". Yukinori Otani of Young Guitar Magazine gave Paint the Sky a bold metaphor "What if Jesus did progressive metal?".
A-Z (2022)
On the lookout for a keyboard player and composer for his new band, A-Z, Mark Zonder contacted Vivien Lalu via a common friend in the beginning of 2020. Lalu began working with Zonder to write songs based on the drum grooves supplied to him. Lalu got Joop Wolters, his long time guitar player, to join in as a guitarist and songwriter as well. In the band's introduction video, Steve Vai's bass player Philip Bynoe humorously dubbed Lalu and Wolters the "Songwriter guys". The line-up was then rounded out by Ray Alder of Fates Warning, as well as Bynoe. Later in 2021, Metal Blade Records announced their signing of the band. According to Mark Zonder's social media posts, the group is getting closer to a debut.
Personal life.
According to the city's official publication, issue 474 of March 2019, Lalu married Greek composer Eleftheria Zavalis in Maisons-Alfort. On "Paint the Sky," they composed the song "Emotionalised" together.
Lalu has two children from a prior relationship: Emma and Nina, who he frequently names in album liner notes.
Lalu also has two Miniature Pinscher dogs, named Perla and Luna according to their Instagram profile. They are mentioned under the pseudonym "Laluloggies" in Paint the Sky's booklet. Their active social media presence and photographs are frequently featured in Lifo (magazine).

</doc>
<doc id="6982420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982420" title="African emigrants to Italy">
African emigrants to Italy

 
African emigrants to Italy include Italian citizens and residents originally from Africa. Immigrants from West, East and North Africa officially residing in Italy in 2015 numbered about 1,000,000 residents. Afro-Italians ("Afroitaliani") are Italians born in African countries but raised in Italy, Italian citizens of African descent, or of mixed African and Italian roots.
In 2014, over 170,000 migrants arrived, which represented the biggest influx of people into one country in European Union history at the time. A large percentage of them arrived via Africa.
African migrants specifically use Libyan coasts to travel across the Mediterranean Sea in large numbers, hoping to land on Italian shores. Although departing from Libya, most are from Ghana, Senegal, Nigeria and Eritrea. According to data from the UN Refugee Agency, over 66,000 migrants arrived to Italy via sea routes in 2024. The route is dangerous and often unsuccessful; in 2024, 1,172 people died or went missing while crossing the Mediterranean and many of the other boats transporting the migrants from Africa to Italy were intercepted by the Libyan coast guard. As this route has gained more and more attention throughout the years, smugglers have started to use alternate routes such as through Egypt, the Balkan route from Greece, and a very risky route from mountain passes in Albania.
Job markets and economic opportunities represent a major driver of African immigration to Europe. However, a 2019 study also found issues pertaining to food insecurity, civil rights, and political instability significantly impacted outflow of migrants from African countries. While European legislation concerning immigration flow has focused primarily on economic draws, these socio-political factors have also been shown to have a demonstrated impact.
In 2016, Italy's finance minister pushed for financial compensation from the European Union for his country's financial losses because of mass migration. As of 2016, the European Union had put forth 1.8 billion euros for the entirety of Africa's refugee efforts in Europe.
Countries of origin.
North Africa.
The largest group of immigrants from Africa are Arabs from North Africa, numbering 641,085 official residents in 2016. By country of origin, most of these recent arrivals are from Morocco (437,485), Egypt (109,871), Tunisia (95,645) and Algeria (71,765). Italy also has a number of immigrants from Libya (1,819), a territory where Italian expatriates had a presence during the colonial period.
West Africa and East Africa.
Compared to Maghrebis from North Africa, the percentage of West Africans as a proportion of immigrants to Italy from Africa is 35.7% (370,068 official residents in 2015). Most come from Nigeria (98,176), Senegal (77,264) and Ghana (48,637). There are also smaller numbers from Eritrea (9,579), from Ethiopia (8,000) and from Somalia (7,903).
Discrimination.
African immigrants are discriminated against in Italy.
Notable immigrants to Italy.
The following is a list of notable people of African birth who later immigrated to Italy and resided there, either wholly or at least part time.

</doc>
<doc id="6982423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982423" title="Henle Koch postulates">
Henle Koch postulates



</doc>
<doc id="6982425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982425" title="African-Italians">
African-Italians



</doc>
<doc id="6982429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982429" title="2003 UB313">
2003 UB313



</doc>
<doc id="6982432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982432" title="Philosophy of matter">
Philosophy of matter

Philosophy of matter is the branch of philosophy concerned with issues surrounding the ontology, epistemology and character of matter and the material world. The word "matter" is derived from the Latin word "materia", meaning "wood", or “timber”, in the sense "material", as distinct from "mind" or "form". The image of wood came to Latin as a calque from the ancient Greek philosophical usage of "hyle" (ὕλη).
Ancient Greek philosophy.
In ancient Greek philosophy, "arche" (ἀρχή) is the beginning or the first principle of the world. Thales of Miletus claimed that the first principle of all things is water. His theory was supported by the observation of moisture throughout the world and coincided with his theory that the earth floated on water.
Thales's theory was refuted by his pupil and successor, Anaximander. Anaximander noted that water could not be the arche because it could not give rise to its opposite, fire. Anaximander claimed that none of the elements (earth, fire, air, water) could be arche for the same reason. Instead, he proposed the existence of the apeiron, an indefinite substance from which all things are born and to which all things will return.
Anaximenes, Anaximander's pupil, advanced yet another theory. He returns to the elemental theory, but this time posits air, rather than water, as the arche. Anaximenes suggests that all is made from air through either rarefication or condensation (thinning or thickening). Rarefied, air becomes fire; condensed, it becomes first wind, then cloud, water, earth, and stone in order.
Pythagoras of Samos, a mathematician, mystic, and scientist, taught that number, rather than matter, constitutes the true nature of things. He seems to have influenced Socrates' ideal form.
Heraclitus held that all is flux. In such a system there is no need for or possibility of matter.
Leucippus held that there exist indivisible particles, atoms, underlying existence.
Empedocles held that there are four elements, from which things are derived, Earth, Water, Fire and Air. Some added a fifth element, the Aether, from which the heavens were derived. Socrates accepted (or at least did not reject) that list, as seen from Plato's Timaeus, which identified the five elements with the Platonic solids. Earth was associated with the cube, air with the octahedron, water with the icosahedron, fire with the tetrahedron, and the heavens with the dodecahedron.
Aristotle, rejecting the atomic theory, instead analyzed the four terrestrial elements with the sense of touch:
He developed Socrates' ideal form into a theory which aimed to explain existence through the composition of matter and form. He conceived of matter as a passive possibility that something might be actualized by an active principle, a substantial form, giving it real existence. The theory of matter and form came to be known as Hylomorphism.
Aristotle's ideas had little impact on the ancient world. The rise of Stoicism represented the return to earlier ideas. Their categories were an attempt to explain all existence without reference to anything incorporeal.
Philo held that matter is the basis of evil.
Plotinus revived the ideas of Plato and Aristotle.
Medieval philosophy.
Many Christians, such as Augustine of Hippo, accepted Plotinus as the greatest of the pagan philosophers. Parts of Plotinus' "Six Enneads" were translated into Arabic as the "Theology of Aristotle", leading to a blossoming of Aristotle's philosophy in the Islamic world. This Islamic version of Aristotle eventually reached the University of Paris and the attention of scholastic philosophy, and the work of Thomas Aquinas.
Modern science.
From a philosophical viewpoint, the term "matter" still is used to distinguish the material aspects of the universe from those of the spirit. The rise of modern chemistry and physics marked a return to the atomic theories of Leucippus. Quantum physics and special relativity however, complicate the picture through the identification of matter and energy, particle and wave.

</doc>
<doc id="6982439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982439" title="L'Incoronazione di Poppaea">
L'Incoronazione di Poppaea



</doc>
<doc id="6982443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982443" title="Class Picture">
Class Picture



</doc>
<doc id="6982457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982457" title="Siege of Kasagi">
Siege of Kasagi

The 1331 siege of Kasagi was among the first battles of the Genkō War, which brought an end to Japan's Kamakura period. Emperor Go-Daigo, who had been plotting against the shogunate and the Hōjō clan regents, had hidden the Japanese imperial regalia in Kasagi-dera, a fortified Buddhist temple, atop Kasagiyama, just outside Kyoto, and was secretly raising an army from there.
The temple was raided in the night by Hōjō forces under Suyama Yoshitaka and Komiyama Jirō, who climbed the cliffs surrounding the fortress, and set it aflame. The Emperor, however, escaped and fled.
The temple was rebuilt in 1381, and destroyed by fire again less than twenty years later. Today, only a few buildings remain.

</doc>
<doc id="6982465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982465" title="Prince of Wales Drive">
Prince of Wales Drive

Prince of Wales Drive (Ottawa Road #73) is a road serving Ottawa, Ontario. The northern section is a low-speed street running along the west bank of the Rideau River, while southern portions of the road were formerly Highway 16 (downgraded after the construction of Highway 416).
Prince of Wales Drive is the continuation of Queen Elizabeth Driveway beyond Preston Street. It runs around Dow's Lake and through the Central Experimental Farm before reaching a roundabout. The speed limit is down to Fisher Avenue, at which point it increases to . There is a major intersection with Hunt Club Road, where several commuters from south Nepean use the bridge to cross the Rideau River.
Prince of Wales Drive follows the Rideau River past Barrhaven and Manotick. South of the intersection with Jockvale Road, the road diverts from the river and heads in a southwesterly direction toward North Gower, where it terminates at Fourth Line Road.
Prior to the construction of Highway 416, the stretch of Highway 16 that included Prince of Wales continued south to the Canada–US border into Saint Lawrence County, New York
In May 2007, the City approved the start of an environmental assessment study in regards of the future widening of the road from Fisher Avenue to Woodroffe Avenue from two to four lanes in accommodation to future expansion in Barrhaven, Manotick and Riverside South.

</doc>
<doc id="6982473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982473" title="Louise Brooks Society">
Louise Brooks Society

The Louise Brooks Society is an online archive devoted to the silent film star Louise Brooks (1906–1985). The Louise Brooks Society, or LBS, was started in 1995 and launched on the web that same year. The stated goals of the LBS are to promote a greater awareness of the life and films of the celebrated actress, dancer, and writer.
The site's online archive contains roughly 200 pages of material – including extensive bibliographies, a filmography, a chronology, commentary, vintage articles, memorabilia, portrait galleries, links, and various contributions from its userbase. 
The LBS bibliographies are its primary contribution to a growing body of scholarship concerning the actress.
The LBS also has a long-running blog, as well as its own online radio station, RadioLulu (which was part of Live365). Both were launched in 2002.
The LBS is credited in each edition of the reprinted versions of both the Louise Brooks' biography by Barry Paris and Brooks' own Lulu in Hollywood.
The society has also sponsored an exhibit at the San Francisco Public Library and elsewhere, co-sponsored events including screenings and lectures, "inspired" the documentary "Louise Brooks: Looking for Lulu", and has been cited as a part of increased media interest in the actress.
The society has published five books, the "Louise Brooks edition" of Margarete Bohme's "The Diary of a Lost Girl" in 2010, "Beggars of Life: A Companion to the 1928 Film" and "Now We're the Air: A Companion to the Once Lost Film" in 2017, "Louise Brooks, the Persistent Star", a collection of articles in 2018, and "The Street of Forgotten Men: From Story to Screen and Beyond" in 2023. The latter featured a foreword by Academy Award honoree Kevin Brownlow. 
The efforts of the LBS has been written about in newspapers and magazines around the world including "USA Today", "The New York Times", "The Times", "The Guardian", "Melbourne Age", "Stuttgarter Zeitung", and "Le Temps". In 2005, at the time of its 10th anniversary, the film historian Leonard Maltin praised the LBS on his website.

</doc>
<doc id="6982474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982474" title="EX250">
EX250



</doc>
<doc id="6982478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982478" title="Zlotshev">
Zlotshev

Zlotshev () can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6982492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982492" title="Gypsey">
Gypsey



</doc>
<doc id="6982494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982494" title="Margaret Wittgenstein">
Margaret Wittgenstein



</doc>
<doc id="6982498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982498" title="Kim (1950 film)">
Kim (1950 film)

Kim is a 1950 adventure film made in Technicolor by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by Victor Saville and produced by Leon Gordon from a screenplay by Helen Deutsch, Leon Gordon and Richard Schayer, based on the classic 1901 novel of the same name by Rudyard Kipling.
The film starred Errol Flynn, Dean Stockwell, and Paul Lukas. The music score was by André Previn. The film was shot on location in Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, India, with some parts being in present-day Uttarakhand, as well as the Alabama Hills near Lone Pine, California, due to its resemblance to the Khyber Pass. Of particular interest is the location filming at La Martiniere College in Lucknow.
The film is set within the Great Game, a political and diplomatic confrontation between the British Empire and the Russian Empire. In the film, an orphan boy is trained as a spy by agents of the British Raj, and tasked with maintaining surveillance of two Russian spies.
Plot.
Kim, an orphan boy in 1885 India during the British Raj, occasionally works for his friend Mahbub Ali, a roguish horse trader who is also a secret agent for the British. Mahbub Ali becomes aware of a Russian-backed plot to invade India from Afghanistan.
Meanwhile, Kim encounters an elderly Buddhist lama from Tibet, who is on a quest to find the "River of the Arrow", whose waters will cleanse him spiritually. Mahbub Ali has the young boy become the kindly priest's "chela" or disciple so that he can deliver a message to Colonel Creighton, Mahbub Ali's superior. On the journey along the Grand Trunk Road, the two travelers grow to love each other.
One day, British soldiers set up camp. Kim notices that their regimental flag depicts a red bull on a green field, which matches a prophecy left him by his now-deceased father, so he sneaks into the encampment. He is taken for a thief by a sentry. During the ensuing scuffle, his captors discover documents Kim possesses which show that he is actually the son of Kimball O'Hara, an Irish soldier who had served in the regiment. The lama decides that Kim should live among his own kind to be educated (despite the boy's resistance) and pays for his tuition at the finest boarding school in India. The boy chafes at the school's many restrictions, but eventually settles down.
Mahbub Ali convinces Colonel Creighton that the boy has the potential to become a wonderful spy; to that end, Kim receives extra training from the shopkeeper Lurgan during the first part of his summer vacation.
While traveling in disguise, Kim overhears a plot to assassinate Mahbub Ali and warns him, saving his life. He is then reunited with his lama and sent to notify Hurree Chunder to keep an eye on two Russian spies posing as surveyors. When he finds Chunder murdered, he takes on the mission himself without informing anyone. When news of Chunder's death reaches the British, Colonel Creighton sends Mahbub Ali to take Chunder's place. Kim talks the Russians into hiring him as their servant. An emissary meets with the Russians. The newcomer becomes suspicious of Kim and forces him onto a narrow ledge on a cliff to try to get the truth from him. The Russians beat the lama. Mahbub Ali tosses the emissary off the cliff, rescues Kim and takes the interlopers at gunpoint. When a small Russian force approaches, the spies attempt to overpower him, forcing him to kill them. Then he and Kim start a rockslide which buries the approaching Russians. Afterward, the injured lama has a vision of his river, stumbles to it, and dies, contented.
Production.
Earlier proposed versions.
MGM originally announced the film in 1938 as a vehicle for Freddie Bartholomew and Robert Taylor but World War II saw this put on hold.
In 1942 it was reactivated to star Mickey Rooney, Conrad Veidt (as Red Lama) and Basil Rathbone, from a script by Leon Gordon and produced by Victor Saville. However this was postponed out of fear of offending Indians and also war-time allies the Russians, who were the villains.
Development.
In 1948 the Indian government approved the film and the Cold War meant it was permissible to have Russian villains. In January 1949 the project was reactivated as a vehicle for MGM's child star Dean Stockwell. Errol Flynn was signed in September.
Paul Lukas and Flynn went to India but all scenes involving Dean Stockwell were shot in Hollywood. Flynn left for India in November after attending a Royal screening of "That Forsyte Woman" in London.
The song "D'Ye Ken John Peel" was chosen as the musical leitmotif for scenes depicting the Presidency armies as predecessors of the British Indian army.
Shooting.
Locations used in the film included La Martiniere Lucknow (depicted as St. Xavier's College) in Lucknow, the horse market at the Kashmir Gates, Sirala, and the Himalayan foothills and the Khyber Pass. Doubles were used for Dean Stockwell and the characters of Huree Babu, Creighton Sahib and Lurgan Sahib (these hadn't been cast at the time of filming).
The unit returned to MGM in January 1950 to shoot the rest of the movie on the backlot.
Reception.
Box office.
The movie was successful at the box office: according to MGM records the movie earned $2,896,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $2,465,000 in other markets, making it one of the studio's more popular films of the year. It was one of the most popular films at the French box office in 1951, with admissions of 2,514,860. According to "Filmink" magazine, it was "the biggest gross of any Flynn movie during its initial release (not counting for inflation). Clearly in the right role and the right movie he remained a potent box office draw. "
It made an overall profit of $1,064,000.
Radio adaptation.
"Kim" was presented on "Lux Radio Theatre" on February 18, 1952. The one-hour adaptation featured Errol Flynn and Dean Stockwell in their roles from the film.

</doc>
<doc id="6982502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982502" title="Abstract Expresionism">
Abstract Expresionism



</doc>
<doc id="6982509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982509" title="Daniel Blue">
Daniel Blue

Daniel Blue may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6982510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982510" title="Gauss–Matuyama reversal">
Gauss–Matuyama reversal

The Gauss–Matuyama Reversal was a geologic event approximately 2.58 Ma when the Earth's magnetic field underwent a geomagnetic reversal from normal polarity (Gauss Chron) to reverse polarity (Matuyama Chron). The reversal is named after German physicist Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss and Japanese geophysicist Motonori Matuyama.
The Gauss–Matuyama reversal is a natural phenomenon that is frequently used as a boundary between the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs, marking the start of the Quaternary period, and is often used to date sediments. The reversal is thought to have contributed to a hostile environment on Earth due to the lack of protective features of magnetic fields to shield life from ionizing radiation generated by the early Pleistocene supernova.
Biological effects.
The Gauss–Matuyama reversal is marked by a minor mass extinction of calcareous nannofossils "Discoaster pentaradiatus" and "Discoaster surculus", among others. The Earth's magnetic field is approximately four times stronger today than it was during the Gauss–Matuyama reversal. The reversal is thought to have weakened the shielding that the magnetic field provides the surface Earth, resulting in more exposure to ionizing radiation generated by the early Pleistocene supernova, and leaving the Earth unshielded for ~15 ky.
The propagation of charged particles is dependent in the magnetic field intensity and changes in the dipole moment found in the magnetic field. The ionospheric ionization at the poles and equator reduces the energy on cosmic rays by several orders of magnitude. During the reversal, the dipole field was reduced or entirely canceled because the virtual poles were located at low and intermediate latitudes, which would expose these regions to cosmic rays.
Methods for dating reversal.
Luminescence dating of lacustrine sediment are used to date the Gauss–Matuyama reversal. This method is a form of geochronology that measures the amount of photons released from a material after being stimulated. This method primarily observes the movement of U, Th, Rb and K as ionizing radiation. The product of stimulating these elements is a reliable date on the sediment.

</doc>
<doc id="6982517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982517" title="Christian Salvesen">
Christian Salvesen

Christian Salvesen was a Scottish whaling, transport and logistics company with a long and varied history, employing 13,000 staff and operating in seven countries in western Europe. In December 2007, it was acquired by French listed transport group Norbert Dentressangle.
History.
Salve Christian Frederik Salvesen (1827–1911) was born in Mandal, Vest-Agder, Norway. Christian Salvesen was the son of Norwegian merchant shipowner, Thomas Salvesen (1787–1853). In 1846, his older brother Johan Theodor Salvesen (1820–1865) had gone into the partnership of Turnbull, Salvesen and Company with George W. Turnbull and established an affiliate office in Leith near Edinburgh, Scotland. 
The oldest brother, Carl Emil Salvesen (1816–1877) also moved to Leith but his role in the company is unclear. Christian Salvesen joined the partnership after migrating from Mandal in 1851. He lived and operated from 20 Charlotte Street in Leith (now known as Queen Charlotte Street).
In 1868, Christian Salvesen, together with Wilhelm August Thams (1812–1884) founded the mining company Ørkedals Mining Company and bought a number of small mines around Løkken, Norway. In 1872, Christian Salvesen left the partnership and set up Christian Salvesen &amp; Co., based in Leith.
Initially, the company operated as shipping and forwarding agents, shipbrokers and timber merchants. Christian Salvesen &amp; Co. began buying steamers in the 1880s, and in 1886 started a line to Stavanger, with runs along the Norwegian coast.
In 1883, Christian Salvesen, delegated management of shipping operations to his eldest sons, Thomas and Frederick, who became partners in the firm. In the early 1900s, the company developed significant interests in whaling, initially in the Arctic, and then in the Antarctic.
It established and operated from a base at Leith Harbour (named for Salvesen's base in Scotland) on the island of South Georgia, to the south east of the Falkland Islands. In 1908, in partnership with Christian Thams, Christian Salvesen also invested in the construction of the first electric railway from Løkken to Thamshavn in Norway in support of their mining interests.
In the years 1950 to 1962, the whaling ships "Southern Harvester" and "Southern Venturer" belonged to the company. These ships were floating factories, and the core of a whaling expedition. Each expedition consisted of a floating factory as well as a team of whale catchers which were equipped with an onboard hangar which housed a Westland Whirlwind helicopter which was used for whale spotting. 
One of the company's whale catchers, "Southern Actor", now lies at the whaling museum in Sandefjord, Norway, and is preserved as a floating museum ship. They ceased whaling in 1963 and ceased shipping in 1990, thereafter concentrating on road haulage.
As the boom in whaling ended after World War II, Salvesen moved into the commercial trawler business and also bought a cold store in Grimsby. It traded primarily in housebuilding, general food freezing and oil before moving back into the transport business by buying "Swift Services".
Christian Salvesen's house stood at Goldenacre in Edinburgh, on Ferry Road opposite Inverleith Row, and closing the vista along that road. A huge villa from around 1865 set in extensive gardens, it was demolished in the 1960s and replaced by Edinburgh's tax office, that in turn was demolished in the early 21st century, and is now a housing site. 
His offices were on the south side of Bernard Street, Leith, in a building that doubled as the Norwegian Consulate for Edinburgh (now a Chinese restaurant). He is buried in Rosebank Cemetery on Pilrig Street in Leith.
Family.
Salvesen was married to Amalie Georgine Salome Andorsen (1828 to 1901), and their children included Edward Theodore Salvesen (Lord Salvesen) and Theodore Salvesen. Their grandchildren included Harold Salvesen.
He was uncle to Henry Adolph Salvesen.
Philanthropy.
Christian Salvesen's whaling ships brought the first penguins back to Edinburgh and donated them to Edinburgh Zoo. Edinburgh therefore became the first zoo in the world to house and breed penguins.
The Salvesen family lost many sons and nephews in World War I. Partly as a result of this they built several memorial housing developments, most on Scottish Veterans' Garden City principles:
After whaling.
Salvesens left the whaling industry in 1963, thus ending whaling in Scotland, and reinvented itself as a major European transport and logistics company. In 1985, the company went public as a diversified industrial group, with interests in shipping, brick manufacture, housebuilding, cold storage and distribution, rock and roll lighting hire (Light and Sound Design Ltd, now part of PRG inc.), theatre and television lighting manufacture (Lumo Lighting, was part of Lee Colortran International ) and generator hire. 
As a public company, the business focussed on European logistics, buying Swift Transport Services in October 1993. The non-logistics businesses were sold in this period.
Salvesen have had mixed fortunes since the beginning of the 1990s. A potential takeover by Hays plc in August 1996, which could have valued the shares in the 350–400 pence range, did not result in a formal offer. This did however lead to the spin off of the generator hire business, Aggreko in March 1997, and the arrival of a new Chief Executive, Edward Roderick, who led the business until his sacking in May 2004.
In this period, a Swedish investor AB Custos discussed buying the company, and yet again no formal offer was issued to shareholders. This was in July 2000.
In October 2004, a merger was proposed with TDG plc, but this apparently failed because of the pre merger positioning of key executives from both companies. On 2 October 2007, the board recommended a cash offer by Norbert Dentressangle for £254.4 million to buy Christian Salvesen. The takeover was completed on 14 December that year.

</doc>
<doc id="6982534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982534" title="Midnapore Collegiate School">
Midnapore Collegiate School

Midnapore Collegiate School, formerly Governmental Zilla School, established on 14 November 1834, is one of the oldest schools in Bengal as well as India. The students and teachers of this school made contributions to Indian Freedom Movement during the British Rule. Khudiram Bose, a martyr in the freedom struggle was one of the students of the school. Some other alumni of the institution are Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay, Manik Bandopadhyay, Soumya Sankar Bose. Brahmo Samaj leader Wrishi Rajnarayan Basu as headmasters had also contributed in building up the institution. It was formerly the Zilla School of Midnapore (currently Paschim Medinipur) in West Bengal. The school campus has a basketball court and science labs.
Early history.
The school was established by people of Midnapore. With the economic help of Tezchandra Mehtab Raybahadur, the school had started its journey with a few thatched huts and 18 students. The first headmaster was Rasiklal Sen and after just two years, the school got the honour of Governmental Zilla School in 1836. When Calcutta University was established in 1857, the school came under its supervision.
During the time of British Headmasters Sir F. Tydd and Mr. Sinclare, their thought about teaching was,"the interrogative system of teaching should be carefully pursued during every step of the scholar's progress as the simplest and most effectual means of conveying knowledge." 'Sahityasamrat' of Bengal, Rishi Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay and his elder brother studied here.
Rajnarayan era.
Rajnarayan Bose, the socio-religious reformer and educationist took over the post of headmaster in 1851, and after 15 years retired in 1866. Another son of Medinipur, Sri Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar who was then the Principal of Sanskrit college, Kolkata, received the order of Council of Education that Rajnarayan Bose, Professor of English Department, would be appointed as the fourth Headmaster of Midnapore School. Rajnarayan Bose was already a stalwart figure in the field of Brahmo Samaj movement and have been a Young Bengal leader. He took over the post of headmaster on 21 January 1851. He was a revolutionary educationist of that time as he had ushered in a complete redress in the education system, i.e.,
Due to his ideas, the school was part of nationalist movements, widow-marriage, female education, Brahmo Samaj movements and many more socio-political activities. He was probably the first headmaster of any governmental school who had dared to inspire his students to join the freedom movement and even had hoisted the national flag on the school premises. He adorned the chair of Headmaster till 1866.
The age of nationalism.
The school in Midnapore was noted for nurturing the nationalist movement. Teachers like Hemchandra Kanungo, Gnanendranath Basu, Pyarilal Ghosh, were noted for their nationalist teachings. Khudiram Bose, probably the youngest martyr hanged, was an alumnus of the school. His 'guru' in this field was Satyendranath Basu, an alumnus as well as a teacher of this school. He smilingly took the hangman's noose on 11 August 1908. A statue of him can be seen in the school's garden now.
Khudiram's political master, Satyendranath Basu was hanged in the same year on 23 November. Another alumnus, Anathbandhu Panja went to the gallows in 1933. Tyrant District Magistrate James Peddie was shot dead on 7 April 1931, inside the school by two freedom fighters, Shri Bimal Dashgupta and Jatijiban Ghosh. One can still find this room in this school which had been reconstructed and inaugurated by the main suspect in the political-murder case, Bimal Dashgupta himself.
During those fiery days, the school had a student named Prabodh Kumar Bandopadhyay who secured first division with letter marks in compulsory and optional mathematics in 1926. But the world of Bengali Literature knows him in a different name, Manik Bandopadhyay.

</doc>
<doc id="6982535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982535" title="Hermann Steiner">
Hermann Steiner

Hermann Steiner (1913 - 14 November 2005) was a Swiss inventor and businessman.
In 1944, Steiner opened his carpenters shop in Liestal, Switzerland. He invented a system in 1956 that he called the Lamello Joining System which is now known as the biscuit joiner or plate joiner. He also produced the first portable plate joiner in the late 1960s. In 1969, his family operation was incorporated under the name Lamello AG.

</doc>
<doc id="6982543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982543" title="Esther Hautzig">
Esther Hautzig

Esther R. Hautzig (, October 18, 1930 – November 1, 2009, in America) was a Polish-born American writer, best known for her award-winning book "The Endless Steppe" (1968).
Biography.
Esther Hautzig (previously known as Esther Rudomin) was born in Vilna, Poland (present-day Vilnius, Lithuania). Her childhood was gravely interrupted by the beginning of World War II and the conquest in 1941 of eastern Poland by Soviet troops. Her family was uprooted and deported to Rubtsovsk, Siberia, where Esther spent the next five years in harsh exile. Her award-winning novel "The Endless Steppe" is an autobiographical account of those years in Siberia. After the war, when she was 15, she and her family moved back to Poland, although in her heart, Esther wanted to stay. Hautzig reportedly wrote "The Endless Steppe" at the prompting of Presidential candidate Adlai Stevenson, to whom she had written after reading his articles about his visit to Rubtsovsk.
Personal life and death.
Rudomin met Walter Hautzig, a concert pianist, while en route to America on a student visa in 1947. They married in 1950, and had two children, Deborah, a children's author, and David. She died on November 1, 2009, aged 79, from a combination of congestive heart failure and complications from Alzheimer's disease.
Hautzig helped to discover and eventually publish the master's thesis in mathematics written by her uncle Ela-Chaim Cunzer (1914–1943/44) at the University of Wilno in 1937. Cunzer was taught, among others, by Antoni Zygmund. Cunzer died in a concentration camp.
Works.
Many of Hautzig's works are books about everyday life for pre-adolescent and early adolescent children. They encourage exploration and activity.
Her "Four languages" books are written in English, Spanish, French, and Russian.
She maintained deep connections with the expatriate Yiddish literary community. She corresponded with Chaim Potok
and wrote the introduction for a new edition of Israel Cohen's cultural history of Vilna (Vilnius).
Hautzig's book "The Endless Steppe" has appeared in dozens of editions and has been translated into many languages, including Catalan, Dutch, Danish, English (Braille), French, German, Greek, Indonesian, Japanese, Sinhalese, and Swedish.

</doc>
<doc id="6982553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982553" title="Esther Rudomin">
Esther Rudomin



</doc>
<doc id="6982556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982556" title="Smarter Feller">
Smarter Feller



</doc>
<doc id="6982563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982563" title="Esther Rudomin Hautzig">
Esther Rudomin Hautzig



</doc>
<doc id="6982570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982570" title="Days in december">
Days in december



</doc>
<doc id="6982585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982585" title="Turtle ships">
Turtle ships



</doc>
<doc id="6982604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982604" title="List of historic buildings in Sweden">
List of historic buildings in Sweden



</doc>
<doc id="6982608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982608" title="Bridger Bowl">
Bridger Bowl



</doc>
<doc id="6982617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982617" title="Lego Studios">
Lego Studios

Lego Studios (stylized as LEGO Studios) is a discontinued brand of Lego toys released in 2000 and mainly focused on filmmaking and the steps thereof. Lego Studios was first distributed in November 2000, and was later discontinued in 2003. The last series in the franchise was the Lego Spider-Man set.
Overview.
The appeal of Lego Studios was that it could be used for stop-motion animation to make films with Lego bricks. In response, many websites have grown that are dedicated to the product and feature many uploaded videos, such as Brickfilms.com.
The Lego Director character appears in several Lego Studio sets and video games. He is a Lego minifigure of Steven Spielberg. The Lego Director is always seen with a brown beard, small glasses, and a black baseball cap. He also wears a white shirt with an orange waistcoat worn over it. His shirt says "DIRECTOR" on the back. He also has an ID card on his waistcoat and wears black pants.
In 2000 Lego had held The Lego Studios Movie Making Contest. It was a brickfilming competition hosted by The Lego Group to tie in with the launch of Lego Studios. It began in late 2000, making it the earliest known brickfilming competition. It also tied in with a brickfilm category in a German film festival, and there was also a very little-known United Kingdom edition of the contest.
Construction sets.
According to BrickLink, The Lego Group released a total of 55 Lego sets and promotional polybags as part of "Lego Studios" theme. The product line was eventually discontinued by the end of 2003.
Behind the Scenes (2000–2001).
Minifigures: Director, Cameraman, Grip, Assistant, Actress Tubetop, Pilot, Res-Q 3 Fire Helmet.
Animals: "Tyrannosaurus rex", Green Baby T-Rex, White Kitten. 
Included CD-ROM and Camera.
Based on San Diego Scene in The Lost World: Jurassic Park.
Minifigures: Grip, Driver Actor, Policeman.
Minifigures: Director, Cameraman, Driver Actor, Police Sheriff.
Minifigures: Cameraman, Driver Actor.
Minifigures: Grip, "Pippin Read" Actress
Animals: Green Baby T-Rex and white kitten.
Minifigures: Cameraman, "Johnny Thunder" Actor.
Minifigures: Director, Stuntman.
Minifigures: Cameraman
Vehicles and Production (2001).
Minifigures: Director. included comics.
Minifigures: Cameraman. included comics.
Minifigures: Boat Driver. included comics.
Minifigures: Driver Actor. included comics.
Minifigures: Director, Cameraman, Nesquick Rabbit (Promotional figure)
Jurassic Park III (2001).
Frequently are separated theme, but the accessories sets confirm his Studios connection. 
Minifigures: "Johnny Thunder" Actor, "Pippin Read" Actress, Cameraman.
Minifigures: Cameraman, Plane Pilot.
Animals: Trans blue Spider
Animals: Light gray Spider
Animals: Red Baby T-Rex
Classics (2002).
Minifigures: Gent, Lady, Werewolf.
Animals: Black Spider.
Minifigures: Gent, Grip, Hunchback, Vampire.
Animals: 3 Black Bats
Minifigures: Director, Frankenstein, Gent, Lady, Mad Scientist, Skeleton.
Animals:Brown Rat, 3 Black Bats, Black Scorpion.
Minifigures: Skeleton, Mummy.
Animals: Black Scorpion, Trans Green Spider.
Spider-Man (2002).
Minifigs: Mary Jane, Green Goblin
Minifigs: Spider-Man, Bank robber, Policeman, Peter Parker, Director.
Minifigs: Spider-Man (old uniform), Fighter, Cameraman
Awards and nominations.
In 2000, Lego &amp; Steven Spielberg MovieMaker (set number: 1349) was awarded "Toy of the Year" and also "Innovative Toy of the Year" by the Toy Association.

</doc>
<doc id="6982620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982620" title="Siege of Tachibana">
Siege of Tachibana

The 1569 siege of Tachibana was one of many battles fought for control of the island of Kyūshū during Japan's Sengoku period.
Mōri Motonari led the assault on the Ōtomo clan's Tachibana castle, which was held by Hetsugi Akitsura. The Mōri, who were one of the few Sengoku-period clans to make effective or extensive use of artillery, used cannons to secure their victory.

</doc>
<doc id="6982643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982643" title="Kwesi Botchwey">
Kwesi Botchwey

Kwesi Botchwey (13 September 1942 – 19 November 2022) was a Ghanaian government official and Professor of Practice in Development Economics at The Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy of Tufts University.
Botchwey was Minister for Finance and Economic Planning from 1982 to 1995. He was appointed by Jerry Rawlings to assist in stabilizing Ghana's collapsed economy.
Education.
Botchwey received his secondary school education at the Presbyterian Boys' Senior High School and attended St. Augustine's College. Botchwey held an LL.B. from the University of Ghana, a LL.M from Yale Law School, and a doctorate from the University of Michigan Law School. He taught at the University of Zambia, the University of Dar es Salaam (Tanzania) and the University of Ghana.
Death.
Botchwey died at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital on 19 November 2022, at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="6982648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982648" title="Steven A. Carter">
Steven A. Carter

Steven A. Carter (born October 23, 1956) is an acclaimed American author of non-fiction, self-help and humor.
A distinguished graduate of Cornell University, member of the Quill and Dagger honorary, and winner of the William K. Kennedy "Dean's Prize" for extraordinary academic achievement, Steven A. Carter also holds a Master's Degree in Education and a Master's Degree in Psychology.
Steven Carter was born in New York City and raised in New Hyde Park, New York. He is the author of twenty-eight books, including the "New York Times" bestseller "Men Who Can't Love" (with co-author Julia Sokol) and seven other National Bestsellers. More than ten million copies of his books are in circulation worldwide. Carter coined the phrase "commitmentphobia" in 1987 and is recognized as one of the foremost authorities on the subjects of commitment, fear of commitment, attachment disorders, and narcissistic personality disorder. He has also been a ghostwriter of various works of humor and non-fiction.
Books and other writing.
Steven Carter's most popular books include:
All of the above titles were co-authored with Julia Sokol.
Carter and Sokol's first book on commitmentphobia, "Men Who Can't Love", was an instant bestseller after Carter's first appearance on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" in 1987 (Carter appeared on the show five times between 1987 and 1997). "Men Who Can't Love" gained even more popularity when it was featured in the film "When Harry Met Sally...", and later, in the Julia Roberts/Brad Pitt/James Gandolfini film "The Mexican". The book has been translated into 30 languages, selling more than five million copies worldwide.
In the winter of 2007 "What Smart Women Know" was released in Brazil by Editora Sextante, the publishing company founded by brothers Marcos and Tomas Pereira. Editora Sextante is best known in Brazil for their publication of various works by Paulo Coelho, Augusto Cury, and the Dalai Lama. "What Smart Women Know" "(Os Segredos das Mulheres Inteligentes)" spent 110 weeks on Brazil's top-ten bestseller lists. "Men Like Women Who Like Themselves" was released in mid-2008 and spent 45 weeks on Brazil's bestseller lists. The Brazilian edition of "Men Who Can't Love" was released by Editora Sextante in late 2009, followed by "The Secrets of Smart Women" in May 2010 and "How to Make Love Work" in September 2011. 
Editora Sextante has sold over two million copies of these Carter/Sokol titles in Brazil since their first release. In September 2011, Carter was an Honored Guest at the Bienal do Livro in Rio de Janeiro, invited by Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff to celebrate Brazil's 'Year of the Woman.'
Prior to beginning his career as an author, Steven Carter was the Director of Tennis at the world-renowned Little Dix Bay Hotel in the British Virgin Islands, and Head Tennis Pro at the Dorado Beach Hotel in Dorado Beach, Puerto Rico. His early work references those years in the Caribbean. Carter has also written extensively about the stages of growth he has experienced through more than twenty years of his own deeply personal work in psychotherapy, and he is a powerful advocate for both individual and group therapy. He is also an outspoken supporter of Human Rights Watch, SAMS, Mercy Corps, and World Food Program.

</doc>
<doc id="6982651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982651" title="List of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy episodes">
List of Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy episodes



</doc>
<doc id="6982666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982666" title="Bloed, Bodem, Eer en Trouw">
Bloed, Bodem, Eer en Trouw

Bloed, Bodem, Eer en Trouw (BBET; "Blood, Soil, Honour and Loyalty") was a Flemish neo-Nazi group, created in 2004 from a splinter of the Flemish branch of the international Nazi skinhead organization Blood &amp; Honour.
History.
The group rose to public prominence in September 2006, after 17 members, including 11 soldiers, were arrested under the December 2003 anti-terrorist laws and laws against racism, antisemitism and negationism. According to the prosecutor, the suspects were preparing terrorist attacks in order to "destabilize" Belgium. 
150 police officers searched five military barracks in Leopoldsburg and Peer, in the Limburg province near the Dutch border, in the Brussels Royal Military School and in Zedelgem. Police also searched 18 private residences in Flanders. They found military weapons, ammunition, explosives, and a homemade bomb large enough to "blow up a car". Led by Thomas Boutens, the group trained itself in military foundations. It also trained in interrogation and counter-interrogation techniques, as well as in becoming clandestine. 
The group was engaged in arms dealing, and one of the suspects worked in the Kleine Brogel military base where United States nuclear weapons are stocked. Thomas Boutens was developing international links, in particular with the Dutch far right movement National Alliance (NA). Several NA members, including party secretary Virginia Kapić, attended a BBET training camp. This led to her position in the party becoming untenable and she soon resigned from her post.
Flemish TV channel VTM claimed (citing justice sources) that the group was preparing to assassinate Filip Dewinter, an important figure of the far right Vlaams Belang party, in a false flag attack that would have been blamed on the Islamist movement. Taking advantage of the ensuing confusion, the group would then murder Dyab Abou Jahjah, leader of the Arab European League. Belgian justice authorise denied these claims.
The Belgian press recalled the "bloody eighties," during which the Brabant massacres were carried out (28 deaths), and the Marxist organization Communist Combatant Cells carried out terrorist attacks (2 deaths). Far right groups such as Westland New Post were suspected of being responsible for the Brabant massacres, although the parliamentary commission could not find any definitive proof. Journalist Manuel Abramowicz, a specialist of the far-right and founder of the progressive "ResistanceS" website and network, was quoted in "Le Soir" saying that radical right-wing ultras have always had an aim to "infiltrate the state mechanisms" — including the army in the 1970s and the 1980s, through Westland New Post and the Front de la Jeunesse.

</doc>
<doc id="6982673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982673" title="William Aila">
William Aila



</doc>
<doc id="6982674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982674" title="Anti-terrorist laws">
Anti-terrorist laws



</doc>
<doc id="6982677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982677" title="United Investment and Trading Company">
United Investment and Trading Company

The United Investment and Trading Company (UNITIC), formerly UNIS Holding BiH, is a joint venture company between UNIS Holding and Kuwait Consulting &amp; Investment Co. The company owns and operates the 111 m tall UNITIC Twin Skyscrapers in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The company was formed in 1998 and has since invested KM 45 million in renovating the UNITIC Business Center.
History.
The UNITIC Twin Skyscrapers, designed by Ivan Štraus, were built in 1986 in the Marijin dvor neighborhood of Sarajevo. They were colloquially named "Momo and Uzeir" after a Yugoslav radio comedy show duo made up of Bosniak Rejhan Demirdžić and Serbian-born Rudolf "Rudi" Alvađ. The towers were heavily damaged by shelling during the siege of Sarajevo in the Bosnian War, but remained standing, becoming symbols of resilience. They were renovated after the war.
Facilities.
UNITIC offers its clients office space and meeting rooms which can be rented for long durations of time. As of the end of 2005 and the beginning of 2006, the UNITIC Complex was at 90% occupancy rate. This has prompted the corporation to seek expansion.
The UNITIC website states this as the future plan of the company:
"Future plans of UNITIC were directed to both new activities and extension towards hotel Holiday Inn in order to create an integral whole and contribute to completion of the facilities of the Center itself."
Local media reports from mid-2006 stated that UNITIC was planning a new tower for its complex, the new tower would stand at 30 floors height, greatly expanding the company's space. The worth of the proposed project would be KM 70 million.

</doc>
<doc id="6982683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982683" title="Ferdinand Tönnies Gesamtausgabe">
Ferdinand Tönnies Gesamtausgabe



</doc>
<doc id="6982699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982699" title="Belgian stay-behind">
Belgian stay-behind



</doc>
<doc id="6982700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982700" title="James Ramsay">
James Ramsay

James Ramsay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6982704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982704" title="Rofl copter">
Rofl copter



</doc>
<doc id="6982708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982708" title="List of Oceanian-South Pacific television stations">
List of Oceanian-South Pacific television stations



</doc>
<doc id="6982709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982709" title="Tönnies-Forum">
Tönnies-Forum



</doc>
<doc id="6982710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982710" title="Harbourfront LRT">
Harbourfront LRT



</doc>
<doc id="6982715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982715" title="Bloed-Bodem-Eer-Trouw">
Bloed-Bodem-Eer-Trouw



</doc>
<doc id="6982717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982717" title="Hell Yeah! (HorrorPops album)">
Hell Yeah! (HorrorPops album)

Hell Yeah! is the debut album of Danish psychobilly band HorrorPops, released February 10, 2004.
The first seven tracks of the album were recorded in 1999 at Ventura Recordings. This was intended as a press kit only demo, however it was somehow copied and circulated leading to the tracks "Ghouls" and "Psychobitches Outta Hell" becoming a hit on the Copenhagen club circuit. The further six tracks making up the album were not recorded until 2003, again at Ventura Recordings. It was these 13 tracks that impressed Hellcat Records to the point of signing the band.

</doc>
<doc id="6982725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982725" title="Merril Bobolit">
Merril Bobolit



</doc>
<doc id="6982736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982736" title="Truce of Altmark">
Truce of Altmark

The six-year Truce of Altmark (or Treaty of Stary Targ, , ) was signed on 16 (O.S.)/26 (N.S.) September 1629 in the village of Altmark (Stary Targ), in Poland, by the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth and Sweden, with helped by Richelieu's envoy ending the Polish–Swedish War (1626–1629), and freeing Gustavus to enter the Thirty Years' War.
Provisions.
The truce allowed Sweden to retain control of Livonia. Sweden also evacuated most of the Duchy of Prussia but kept the coastal cities. Poland had other Swedish gains returned from the 1625 invasion. Most of Livonia north of the Daugava River was ceded to Sweden (Swedish Livonia), but Latgale, the southeastern area, remained under Polish rule. Sweden received the right to two third of all the shipping tolls at Polish ports, such as at Gdańsk (Danzig) and Elbląg (Elbing) and from the Duchy of Prussia, for six years. The shipping tolls financed Sweden's involvement in the Thirty Years' War.
The Truce of Altmark was signed shortly after Sweden had been defeated by Poland led by Field Crown Hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski and Holy Roman Imperial troops at Trzciana, which nearly lead to the capture of King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden. Gustavus was wounded several times and was once saved by one of his men.
The Polish Parliament ("Sejm") did not impose new taxes to pay the soldiers of the imperial army fighting under Hans Georg von Arnim-Boitzenburg and low morale made some of them mutiny or go over to Sweden. Several other countries intervened diplomatically, which eventually forced Sigismund III of Poland to enter the truce.
In 1635, the truce was extended by the Treaty of Stuhmsdorf. Sweden gave up the Prussian ports, and Poland ceded most of Livonia with Riga but kept the Latgale region.
The most important result of the truce was that it solidified Sweden's position as the ruler of the northern part of the Baltic Sea down to the Daugava, including Riga.

</doc>
<doc id="6982737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982737" title="Type 68">
Type 68

Type 68 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6982754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982754" title="William Ailā">
William Ailā



</doc>
<doc id="6982773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982773" title="Mt. Helena">
Mt. Helena



</doc>
<doc id="6982778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982778" title="William Ailã">
William Ailã



</doc>
<doc id="6982782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982782" title="Patriarch of İstanbul">
Patriarch of İstanbul



</doc>
<doc id="6982785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982785" title="Cussel an Tavas Kernuack">
Cussel an Tavas Kernuack



</doc>
<doc id="6982806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982806" title="William Haselden Ellerbe">
William Haselden Ellerbe

William Haselden Ellerbe (April 7, 1862June 2, 1899) was the 86th governor of South Carolina from 1897 to 1899.
Early life and marriage.
Born in Marion, South Carolina, he was raised in the Pee Dee region of South Carolina and attended Wofford College and Vanderbilt University. After which he returned to Marion to marry Henrietta Rogers and engage in planting and business ventures.
Political career.
His political career began when he was elected as Comptroller of South Carolina in 1890, serving until 1894. In the 1896 gubernatorial election, he won the Democratic primary and convincingly won in the general election to become the 86th governor of South Carolina. He sought re-election two years later in the 1898 gubernatorial election and was unopposed in his bid. However, he died on June 2, 1899, before he was able to finish his second term as governor. He was buried in Marion.
During Ellerbe’s time as governor, a bill providing employees with the first lien on the product of a mill to insure their wages was passed.

</doc>
<doc id="6982810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982810" title="(136199) Eris I Dysnomia">
(136199) Eris I Dysnomia



</doc>
<doc id="6982815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982815" title="Sylvia Sherry">
Sylvia Sherry

Sylvia Sherry (née Blunt) (born 21 April 1932) is an English author.
She is best known for her book "A Pair of Jesus Boots", a popular novel for children and young adults set in the post-war slums of Liverpool. The book was adapted as "Rocky O'Rourke" for a BBC drama serial in 1976. Four other Rocky O'Rourke books followed. Her earlier works use settings and characters drawn from Malaysia and Singapore.
Her former husband is the biographer Norman Sherry.

</doc>
<doc id="6982819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982819" title="136199 Eris I Dysnomia">
136199 Eris I Dysnomia



</doc>
<doc id="6982829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982829" title="Jessica Lee Rose">
Jessica Lee Rose

Jessica Lee Rose (born April 26, 1987) is an American-New Zealand actress who first gained popularity after playing the role of "lonelygirl15", a fictional teenage homeschooled character named Bree who appeared in YouTube video blogs, beginning in June 2006. In September 2006, the "Los Angeles Times" outed the character, destroying any mystery surrounding the possible fictionality of "lonelygirl15", which thrust Rose into the mainstream spotlight while also increasing the viewership of the series. In 2007, Rose won a Webby for this role.
After leaving "lonelygirl15" in August 2007, Rose played "Jen K." on ABC Family's "Greek". She went on to appear in various movies, such as "Perfect Sport" and SyFy's "Ghost Town", and other web series, such as "Hooking Up" and "Sorority Forever". She signed on to do the independent movie "Look at Me" with her "Lonelygirl15" co-star Yousef Abu Taleb in March 2010.
Early life.
Rose was born in Salisbury, Maryland, and moved to Mount Maunganui, Bay of Plenty, New Zealand when she was eight. She attended Mount Maunganui College in 2000–2003 for part of her secondary school education. Afterward, she attended an acting class at Studio 111 in Auckland. In January 2004, she moved to Auckland to study at the Academy of Film and Television Make Up.
During the course of her studies, Rose's film career included doing make-up and costume work on a New Zealand short film titled "Us", as well as doing extras' make-up on the set of Peter Jackson's "King Kong". She played a leading role in a short film titled "Dearly Beloved" and played a supporting role in the short film "Unleash the Fury".
After Rose's parents separated, she returned to Salisbury in May 2005, right after her 18th birthday, to live with her father. She then enrolled in the New York Film Academy (NYFA) at Universal Studios in Universal City, California. In her search for acting jobs, she found a listing for an independent film project, titled "The Children of Anchor Cove", on Craigslist. She auditioned for the lead part and was offered the role of Bree. Rose signed a non-disclosure agreement and was told that the project would consist of a series of videos released to the World Wide Web over the Internet. The idea concerned her at first, as she was afraid the project was pornography, but she was convinced otherwise and agreed to partake. Although initially unpaid, as lonelygirl15 grew popular, she and co-star Yousef Abu-Taleb received salaries.
YouTube fame.
The "lonelygirl15" video blogs, which first appeared in mid-2006, featured Rose as a 16-year-old girl named Bree posting under the alias lonelygirl15. The videos, which seemed genuine and presented lonelygirl15 as an actual person, initially dealt with typical teenage angst issues but soon after introduced a bizarre narrative surrounding secret occult practices within her family. The series was an immediate hit and became the most subscribed channel on YouTube but suspicions arose as to whether the videos were genuine or some sort of a promotional gimmick.
An investigation by the "Los Angeles Times" would reveal, in September 2006, that the "lonelygirl15" videos were a work of fiction. A firestorm ensued in the news media through September 2006, during which Rose and the creators of "lonelygirl15" gained international attention and were interviewed by various magazines and television shows. In October 2006, the United Nations chose Rose, via her character Bree, to participate in an ad campaign to promote the UN's antipoverty cause.
In August 2007, Rose landed a role on "Greek" as "Jen K.", Rusty Cartwright's girlfriend. On the show, her character referenced the actress's breakout role stating "It's like I'm living with lonelygirl15!"
", a November 2006 episode of ", was inspired by the "lonelygirl15" videos.
On June 16, 2016, on the tenth anniversary of the series debut, lonelygirl15 reappeared. The video has Bree reassuring an unnamed 15-year-old subject about being selected, as Bree had been.
Post-YouTube career.
After her departure from "lonelygirl15", Rose was signed by United Talent Agency, and was cast in the ABC Family series "Greek" in the role of "Jen K", and in the 2007 Chris Sivertson film "I Know Who Killed Me", which starred Lindsay Lohan. She then played "Tina", an aspiring wrestler, in the award-winning sports drama "Perfect Sport". In January 2009, Rose appeared in the music video for The White Tie Affair's song "Candle (Sick and Tired)", and that October she appeared in the Syfy television movie, "Ghost Town".
On April 4, 2008, it was announced that she would star in a web television series called "Blood Cell", about "a young woman [who] must race against the clock to stop a sadistic madman after receiving a disturbing late-night phone call from a friend in danger." The series was released in October 2009 through theWB.com to little media fanfare. She also starred in another web series called "Sorority Forever" from Big Fantastic. The series followed three incoming freshman in "the hottest sorority on campus" with some "Gossip Girl" and "Veronica Mars" elements to it. Additionally, she appeared in "Hooking Up", a 10 episode web series 
from HBO featuring other recognized faces from the web including video bloggers sxePhil and KevJumba.
In November 2008, Rose teamed up with friend and fellow "Sorority Forever" star Taryn Southern to form a web production company called Webutantes, to potentially produce female-driven comedy web series. The two presented together at the 2009 Streamy Awards. In 2009, Rose appeared in the web series "Poor Paul", which is produced by former "lonelygirl15" co-star Yousef Abu-Taleb, and the second season of the web series "The Crew".
Aside from acting, Rose is an Anaheim Ducks fan and periodically blogs for NHL.com. She reappeared as Bree on Lonelygirl15 in June 2016.
Personal life.
In March 2016, Rose became engaged to her partner and fellow actor Tim Phillipps. They married at the Royal Melbourne Yacht Squadron in early 2017. She gave birth to their first child, a son, in September 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6982830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982830" title="Battle of Mimaomote">
Battle of Mimaomote

The was a battle during the Azuchi–Momoyama period (16th century) of Japan.
The Battle of Mimaomote was initiated by Chōsokabe commander Kumu Yorinobu with 7,000 men as he advanced into Iyo Province on Shikoku Island. 
There Kumu Yorinobu attacked Kōno forces under Doi Kiyonaga, who had crossed the Mimaomote River to engage him. Yorinobu was defeated and killed.

</doc>
<doc id="6982836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982836" title="Charles-Emile Waldteufel">
Charles-Emile Waldteufel



</doc>
<doc id="6982840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982840" title="Kubuna confederacy">
Kubuna confederacy



</doc>
<doc id="6982841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982841" title="Heartfield">
Heartfield

Heartfield was a short-lived American guitar manufacturing company, active from 1989 to 1993.
The company was a joint operation between the American and the Japanese branches of Fender Musical Instruments Corporation. Guitars were manufactured in Japan. Heartfield produced four models of guitars, each with various sub-model categories. The core models consisted of the RR, Elan, EX, and Talon. The RR series was one of the first to offer retro styling while the Talon was a more mass-produced line targeting metal and hard rock guitarists. Some of the models had active electronics, including built-in effects.
The Talon line of Heartfield guitars is a 'superstrat' design (a portmanteau of "super" and "Stratocaster",) including a double-locking Floyd Rose Tremolo, a combination of single coil and humbucker pickups, jumbo frets, thin radius neck, and was aimed primarily at the heavy metal and hard rock genre. Despite a reputable build quality for having been made in the same factory as the Ibanez JEM guitar line, the Talon series incurred high sale prices that discouraged overall sales. At the time, sale prices for the high-end Talon V guitar were listed at US$1169.99. The lack of sales was compounded by the failing value of the Japanese yen in the early 1990s compared to the US Dollar. Add to this the overall decline in popularity of superstrat guitars through the early 1990s, as non-metal genres such as grunge and alternative gained popularity. Heartfield was forced to end operations in 1993.
Endorsers.
Notable musicians who have endorsed Heartfield models include:

</doc>
<doc id="6982846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982846" title="William Ellerbe">
William Ellerbe



</doc>
<doc id="6982850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982850" title="William H. Ellerbe">
William H. Ellerbe



</doc>
<doc id="6982851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982851" title="Venus de' Medici">
Venus de' Medici

The Venus de' Medici or Medici Venus is a tall Hellenistic marble sculpture depicting the Greek goddess of love Aphrodite. It is a 1st-century BC marble copy, perhaps made in Athens, of a bronze original Greek sculpture, following the type of the Aphrodite of Knidos, which would have been made by a sculptor in the immediate Praxitelean tradition, perhaps at the end of the century. It has become one of the navigation points by which the progress of the Western classical tradition is traced, the references to it outline the changes of taste and the process of classical scholarship. It is housed in the Uffizi Gallery, Florence, Italy.
Origin.
The statue depicts the goddess in a fugitive, momentary pose, as if surprised in the act of emerging from the sea, to which the dolphin at her feet alludes. The dolphin would not have been a necessary support for the bronze original.
The statue base bears the Greek inscription ΚΛΕΟΜΕΝΗΣ ΑΠΟΛΛΟΔΩΡΟΥ ΑΘΗΝΑΙΟΣ ΕΠΩΕΣΕΝ, literally "Kleomenes (son) of Apollodoros of Athens made it." The inscription is not original, but in the 18th century the name "Cleomenes" was forged on sculptures of modest quality to enhance their value, while the inscription on the "Venus de' Medici" was doubtless in order to ascribe the work to one of various highly-thought-of names: besides Praxiteles or the less-likely names of Phidias or Scopas. The restoration of the arms was done by Ercole Ferrata, who gave them long tapering Mannerist fingers that did not begin to be recognized as out of keeping with the sculpture until the 19th century.
The "Venus de' Medici" is the name piece under which are recognized many replicas and fragments of this particular version of Praxiteles' theme, which introduced the life size nude representation of Aphrodite. Though this particular variant is not identifiable in any extant literature, it must have been widely known to Greek and Roman connoisseurs. Among replicas and fragments of less importance, the closest in character and finest in quality is a marble Aphrodite at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, described below.
Such sculptures are described as "Roman copies", with the understanding that these were produced, often by Greek sculptors, anywhere under Roman hegemony "say, between the dictatorship of Sulla and the removal of the Capital to Constantinople, 81 BC to AD 330". Their quality may vary from work produced by a fine sculptor for a discerning patron, to commonplace copies mass-produced for gardens.
Discovery and display.
The origin of the Venus is undocumented: "its reputation seems to have grown up gradually", Francis Haskell and Nicholas Penny remarked. It was published in the collection at the Villa Medici, Rome, in 1638, given three plates in the anthology of the most noble sculptures that the ravages of time had spared in Rome compiled by François Perrier, "Segmenta nobilia signorum et statuarum que temporis dentem invidium evase", Rome 1638. The Venus was already known by 1559, it now appears, for a bronze reduction of it was among the series of the most famous Roman sculptures that were featured on a cabinet completed in that year; it was commissioned by Niccolò Orsini, , as a gift to Philip II of Spain: the sculptures were by the Dutch sculptor trained in Benvenuto Cellini's atelier, Willem van Tetrode, called Guglielmo Fiammingo in Italy.
Though visitors to Rome like John Evelyn found it "a miracle of art", it was sent to Florence in August 1677, its export permitted by Innocent XI because, it was thought, it stimulated lewd behavior. In the Tribuna of the Uffizi it was a high point of the Grand Tour and was universally esteemed as one of the half-dozen finest antique statues to have survived, until a reaction in taste began to set in during the 19th century, in the form of a few dissenting voices (Haskell and Penny p. 325). Luca Giordano made hundreds of drawings of it, Samuel Rogers made daily appointments with it, Zoffany included it in his 1778 "Tribuna of the Uffizi", and Lord Byron devoted five stanzas of "Childe Harold" to describing it. It was one of the precious works of art shipped to Palermo in 1800 to escape the French, to no avail: such diplomatic pressure was brought to bear that the Vénus de Medicis was shipped to Paris in 1803. After Napoleon's fall it arrived back in Florence on 27 December 1815.
The Metropolitan Museum's "Aphrodite".
The marble "Aphrodite" at the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a close replica of the Venus de' Medici. The pose of the head is not in doubt, for it did not break off when other breaks occurred, in which the arms were irrevocably lost. On the plinth is the left foot, with part of the dolphin-and-tree-trunk support, and a trace of the missing right foot, restored by a cast, for the sculpture was in two sections, which were joined by casts taken of the Venus de' Medici's lower legs. For dating the replicas, attention is focused on the minor details of the dolphins that were added by the copyists, in which stylistic conventions come to the fore: the Metropolitan dates its "Aphrodite" of the Medici type to the Augustan period.
The Metropolitan "Aphrodite" was in the collection of Count von Harbuval "genannt" Chamaré in Silesia, whose progenitor Count Schlabrendorf made the Grand Tour and corresponded with Johann Joachim Winckelmann.
Modern copies.
The Medici Venus is one of the most-copied antiquities. Louis XIV had no less than five, marbles by Carlier, Clérion, Coysevox and Frémery, and a bronze by Jean-Jacques Keller and his brother, Jean-Balthazar Keller. (Haskell and Penny, p. 325). Copies of the Venus de' Medici in lead stand in many English and European gardens, sometimes protected by small temples; in small bronze reductions it figured among the most familiar of the antiquities represented in collectors' cabinets: in Greuze's portrait of Claude-Henri Watelet, ca 1763–65, the connoisseur and author of "L'Art de peindre" is shown with calipers and a notebook, regarding a bronze statuette of the Venus de' Medici, as if in the act of deducing the ideal proportions of the female figure from the sculpture's example. The Venus de' Medici was even reproduced in Sèvres biscuit porcelain, which had the matte whiteness of marble.
American sculptor Hiram Powers based his 1844 statue "The Greek Slave" on the Venus de' Medici.
A replica in white Carrara Marble of the Venus' hand carved by Niccolò Bazzanti is located at the Pietro Bazzanti e Figlio Art Gallery of Florence at Museo Civico Revoltella, Trieste.

</doc>
<doc id="6982854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982854" title="EHF Women's Champions Trophy">
EHF Women's Champions Trophy

The EHF Women's Champions Trophy was an official competition for women's handball clubs of Europe.
History.
It was organized annually by the European Handball Federation (EHF) from 1994 to 2008. Until 2007 it was known as the Women's European Club Championship or the Super Cup. In 2008 was the last edition.
The Champions Trophy was played as a four-team tournament between the winners of the Champions League, EHF Cup and Cup Winners' Cup plus an additional invited club.

</doc>
<doc id="6982855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982855" title="Bipolar Spectrum">
Bipolar Spectrum



</doc>
<doc id="6982865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982865" title="Faisal al-Qasim">
Faisal al-Qasim



</doc>
<doc id="6982876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982876" title="International Union for Quaternary Research">
International Union for Quaternary Research

The International Union for Quaternary Research (INQUA) was founded in 1928. It has members from a number of scientific disciplines who study the environmental changes that occurred during the glacial ages, the last 2.6 million years. One goal of these investigators is to document the timing and patterns in past climatic changes to help understand the causes of changing climates.
INQUA is a member of the International Science Council (ISC). INQUA holds an international congress normally every four years. The congresses serve as an educational forum as well as the opportunity for the various commissions, committees, and working groups to conduct business in person. Past congresses have been held in Copenhagen (1928), Leningrad (Saint Petersburg) (1932), Vienna (1936), Rome (1953), Madrid (1957), Warsaw (1961), Boulder (1965), Paris (1969), Christchurch (1973), Birmingham (1977), Moscow (1982), Ottawa (1987), Beijing (1991), Berlin (1995), Durban (1999), Reno (2003), Cairns (2007), Bern (2011) and Nagoya (2015).
The most recent INQUA Congress (XIX) was held in Dublin, Ireland, in July 2019. In 2023 the next INQUA Congress (XXI) will take place in Rome, Italy.
Climate change.
In 2007, the union issued a statement on climate change in which it reiterated the conclusions of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), and urged all nations to take prompt action in line with the UNFCCC principles:
Human activities are now causing atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases - including carbon dioxide, methane, tropospheric ozone, and nitrous oxide - to rise well above pre-industrial levels….Increases in greenhouse gasses are causing temperatures to rise…The scientific understanding of climate change is now sufficiently clear to justify nations taking prompt action….Minimizing the amount of this carbon dioxide reaching the atmosphere presents a huge challenge but must be a global priority.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6982882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982882" title="Vibe (South Korean band)">
Vibe (South Korean band)

Vibe () is a South Korean R&amp;B group consisting of singers Yoon Min-soo and Ryu Jae-hyun. They debuted in 2002 as a trio with rapper Yoo Sung-gyu, who left the group after the release of their second album. Vibe has released eight studio albums, and numerous hit songs including "Love Me Once Again", "Long Long Time", "While Looking at the Picture", "That Man, That Woman", “Drinking,” and "Come Back to Me".
Career.
Vibe was formed in 2002 by Yoon Min-soo, former member of vocal group 4Men, and were initially a trio consisting of Yoon, singer-songwriter Ryu Jae-hyun and rapper Yoo Sung-gyu. Their first single "미워도 다시 한번 (Although It Is Hateful, Again)" was a success and a huge hit for the group making them very popular. Their second single "Promise U" was also very successful. Their second album was released in November 2003 and their first single "오래 오래 (Long Long Time)" was a huge hit as was their second single "사진을 보다가 (While Looking at the Picture)". This cemented their status as a popular group and consistent hit makers. During the hiatus between their 2nd and 3rd albums, Yoo left the group as he wished to pursue his own style of music, taking on the stage name Noblesse. Vibe went on to release their 3rd album in 2006 which became a success with their two hits "그 남자, 그 여자 (That Man, That Woman)" and "술이야 (Drinking)". They were on hiatus from 2006 to 2009 as both members enlisted for their mandatory military service. Vibe released their 4th album and their title song was "다시 와주라" (Comeback Again). 
While Vibe has not been promoting together on a regular basis, Ryu and Yoon have been individually pursuing their solo careers. In 2011, Yoon joined the cast of MBC's "I Am a Singer", and debuted singing "그 남자, 그 여자 (That Man, That Woman)" and "술이야 (Drinking)", obtaining second place behind Insooni (인순이). Ryu gained fame as a composer and producer, composing for the likes of SG Wannabe, SeeYa and F.T. Island. Vibe was the featured legend on "" episode 531, which aired on November 6, 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="6982885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982885" title="Baywind Energy Co-operative">
Baywind Energy Co-operative

Baywind Energy Co-operative was the first co-operative to own wind turbines in the United Kingdom.
Baywind was modelled on the similar wind turbine cooperatives and other renewable energy co-operatives that are common in Scandinavia, and was founded as an Industrial and Provident Society in 1996. It now has 1,200 members, each with one vote. A proportion of the profits is invested in local community environmental initiatives through the Baywind Energy Community Trust. The organisation won the 2004 National Social Enterprise Award for its innovative approach to community owned renewable energy.
Baywind owned a 2.5 megawatt five-turbine wind farm at Harlock Hill near Ulverston, Cumbria (operational since 29 January 1997), and one of the 600 kilowatt turbines at the Haverigg II wind farm near Millom, Cumbria. The Harlock Hill site has now been re-powered with two 2.3 Mwh Enercon turbines, operational from May 2016. The site is now owned by High Winds, a BenCom created under the new legal rules.
Since Baywind's establishment, further wind energy co-operatives have been established, many with the help of the organisation formed by Baywind for this purpose, Energy4All.

</doc>
<doc id="6982896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982896" title="Baywind">
Baywind



</doc>
<doc id="6982904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982904" title="The John Denver Band">
The John Denver Band



</doc>
<doc id="6982906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982906" title="Coccygeal plexus">
Coccygeal plexus

The coccygeal plexus is a small nervous plexus upon the pelvic (anterior) surface of the coccygeus muscle.
This plexus is formed by the ventral rami of the fourth and fifth sacral nerves (S4-S5), and the ventral ramus of the coccygeal nerve (Co). The relative contributions of S4 and S5 are minor and major, respectively. The coccygeal plexus gives rise to the anococcygeal nerve.
The coccygeal plexus is distributed to the coccygeus muscle, part of the levator ani muscle, the sacrococcygeal symphysis, and (via the anococcygeal nerve) a small area of skin between the tip of the coccyx, and the anus.

</doc>
<doc id="6982908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982908" title="Fruit messenger">
Fruit messenger



</doc>
<doc id="6982909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982909" title="Joel Bogen">
Joel Bogen

Joel Bogen (born 3 September 1958) is an English rock and punk guitarist. He worked with Toyah Willcox from the late 1970s to 1983 as the guitar player in her eponymous band and was the co-writer on nearly all of the material they recorded. Bogen also produced "Heaven", the 1997 debut album of neo soul artist Jai, for M&amp;G and RCA Records.

</doc>
<doc id="6982915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982915" title="Mavil aru">
Mavil aru



</doc>
<doc id="6982918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982918" title="James Ramsay (abolitionist)">
James Ramsay (abolitionist)

Rev. James Ramsay (25 July 1733 – July 1789) was a Scottish ship's surgeon, Anglican priest, and leading abolitionist in Great Britain.
Early life and naval service.
Ramsay was born at Fraserburgh, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, the son of William Ramsay, ship's carpenter, and Margaret Ogilvie of Angus. Apprenticed to a local surgeon, and later educated at King's College, Aberdeen, from 1750 to 1755, he obtained his MA degree in 1753 and went on to continue his surgical training in London under Dr George Macaulay.
Having entered the Navy in 1757, Ramsay served as surgeon aboard in the West Indies, under the command of Sir Charles Middleton. In November 1759, the "Arundel" intercepted a British slave ship, the "Swift" and, on boarding the vessel, Ramsay found over 100 enslaved people living in the most inhumane conditions. Such was the scene of filth and degradation he witnessed, that this incident was to have a lasting effect on Ramsay. While serving at sea he fell and fractured his thigh bone, and was disqualified from future service, remaining lame for the remainder of his life.
Ordination and work in the West Indies.
In July 1761 Ramsay left the navy to take holy orders. He was ordained into the Anglican church in November 1761 by the Bishop of London. Choosing to work among enslaved people on the Caribbean, he travelled to the island of Saint Christopher (now Saint Kitts), where he was appointed to St. John's, Capisterre in 1762, and to Christ Church Nichola Town, the following year.
James Ramsay married Rebecca Akers, the daughter of Edmund Akers, a plantation owner on St Kitts, in 1763. They had one son and three daughters. Their son died young of small-pox, having caught the disease from his father, who had been volunteering on a ship that had that disease on board "and had carried home the infection in his clothes". One of their daughters, Margaret, (1766 – Newtown, Ireland, April 1839) married Robert Smith (1754 – Chatham, Kent, 2 July 1813), a Major in the Royal Marines. Robert and Margaret Smith's daughter, Catherine Rebecca Smith (1796 – 10 October 1856), married Sir Thomas Osborne, 9th Baronet, on 6 April 1816 at St. Margaret's Church, Rochester, Kent. James and Rebecca Ramsay's youngest daughter, Jane, married her cousin Aretas Akers. One of their descendants was Aretas Akers-Douglas, 1st Viscount Chilston.
Ramsay set out by welcoming both black and white parishioners into his church, with the aim of converting enslaved people to Christianity. As well as pastoring the members of his church he practised medicine and surgery, providing a free service to the poor of the community. Having been appointed surgeon to several plantations on the island, he was able to see firsthand the conditions under which the enslaved people laboured and the brutality of many of the planters.
He strongly criticised the cruel treatment and punishment meted out to enslaved people, and became more convinced of the need to improve their conditions. This led him into involvement in local government, but he was the target of much antagonism and personal attack from the planters, who resented his interference, because of his measures to ameliorate the conditions of enslaved people. His letters to the bishop of London illustrate the attitudes of the American colonists in the late 18th century.
Ramsay left St Kitts in 1777, exhausted by the continuing conflict with influential planters and businessmen. He returned to Britain and briefly lived with Sir Charles Middleton at Teston, Kent where Lady Middleton joined the cause of the campaign against the slave trade.
He briefly rejoined the navy in April 1778, accepting a chaplaincy in the West Indies with Admiral Barrington, where he was engaged in intelligence gathering against the French. He returned to Britain in 1780 at the suggestion of Middleton, by then Comptroller of the Navy, with the intention of helping his radical reform of the Navy Board and as his personal secretary. He was installed as Vicar of Teston and Vicar and Rector of Nettlestead, Kent, these valuable positions being in the gift of Middleton.
Abolitionist activity.
During the following three years Ramsay worked on his most significant "An Essay on the Treatment and Conversion of African Slaves in the British Sugar Colonies", published in 1784. It was this essay that influenced Beilby Porteus, Bishop of Chester and later Bishop of London, in his campaign to improve the conditions of enslaved people held by the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, as well as bringing to public notice the debate about the slave trade. Ramsay contributed several further publications to the campaign, including "An Inquiry into the Effects of Putting a Stop to the African Slave Trade", published in 1784.
Ramsay became an early member of the Testonites, a group of influential politicians, philanthropists and churchmen, who met at Barham Court in Teston, the home of Sir Charles Middleton and Lady Middleton. He was persuaded by Lady Middleton, Sir Charles Middleton, and others to publish his account of the horrors of the slave trade. This was the first time that the British public had read an anti-slavery work by a mainstream Anglican writer who had witnessed the suffering of enslaved people on the West-Indian plantations.
Again he was severely challenged by the plantation owners in England who were threatened by his anti-slavery works and who attempted to refute his allegations, in many cases with vitriolic attacks on Ramsay's reputation and character, leading to a pamphlet war between the parties.
He met with William Pitt the Younger, the prime minister, on several occasions and with William Wilberforce in 1783 and played a significant part in the establishment of the campaign against the slave trade. It was Ramsay's meeting with Thomas Clarkson in 1786 that encouraged the latter in his tireless efforts to obtain first-hand evidence of the trade, and indirectly led to the formation of the Society for the Abolition of the Slave Trade the following year.
Legacy.
Hugely influential in the growing anti-slavery movement, Ramsay did not live to see the fruition of the campaign. He died in July 1789 and was buried at Teston. James Watt has argued: "His enemies acknowledged his exemplary qualities, while deploring the intemperate language of his books; and the abolition of the British slave trade in 1807 probably owed more to James Ramsay's personal integrity, ethical arguments, and constructive proposals than to any other influence."

</doc>
<doc id="6982919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982919" title="Elmer Gantry (film)">
Elmer Gantry (film)

Elmer Gantry is a 1960 American drama film about a confidence man and a female evangelist selling religion to small-town America. Adapted by director Richard Brooks, the film is based on the 1927 novel of the same name by Sinclair Lewis, and stars Burt Lancaster, Jean Simmons, Arthur Kennedy, Shirley Jones and Patti Page.
"Elmer Gantry" was nominated for five Academy Awards in 1961, including Best Picture and Best Score. It won Best Actor for Lancaster, Best Supporting Actress for Jones, and Best Adapted Screenplay. Jean Simmons was nominated for the Golden Globe award in the Best Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama category.
The film's plot overlaps with fewer than 100 pages of the novel "Elmer Gantry", deleting many characters and fundamentally changing the character and actions of female evangelist Sister Sharon Falconer, as played by Simmons. The character of Sharon Falconer was loosely based on elements in the career of the Canadian-born American radio evangelist Aimee Semple McPherson, who founded the Pentecostal Christian denomination known as the International Church of the Foursquare Gospel in 1927. In addition, a plot point from the end of the novel is incorporated into Gantry and Lulu Bains's relationship, fundamentally changing the fates of both characters.
Plot.
Elmer Gantry is a hard-drinking, fast-talking traveling salesman with a charismatic personality who infuses biblical passages and fervor into his pitches as a way to ease and collect money. He is drawn to the roadshow of Sister Sharon Falconer and is immediately attracted to the revivalist's saintly aura. As the troupe leaves town for Kansas, Gantry sweet talks her naïve assistant Sister Rachel into disclosing information regarding Falconer's past, which he uses to con his way into her good graces. He joins the troupe preaching "Christ in commerce" and how he is a saved salesman.
Gantry and Falconer develop a "good cop/bad cop" routine, with Gantry telling the audience members that they will burn in Hell for their sins and Falconer promising salvation if they repent. Because of Gantry's fire and brimstone sermons, the group comes to the attention of the church council in Zenith, Winnemac, a larger city. Though Falconer's manager Bill Morgan does not think that she is ready to preach outside of the smaller venues, Gantry convinces her to go to Zenith. They meet with the church leaders, most of whom are wary of turning religion into a spectacle as Gantry does, but he convinces them that the churches must earn money to stay open and can increase their membership only if prospective members are first won over to Christ by attending Gantry's colorful revival meetings.
Traveling along with Falconer is big-city reporter Jim Lefferts, who is torn between his disgust for religious hucksterism and his admiration for Gantry's charm and cunning. As Gantry's sermons bring Falconer's group to larger venues, Lefferts writes a series of articles labeling the revival a sham, and reveals that neither Falconer nor Gantry has any credentials. Falconer eventually admits to Gantry that her real name is Katie Jones, and that her origins are humbler than she publicly admits. Falconer also becomes Gantry's lover and loses her virginity to him.
The success of the Falconer-Gantry team comes to the attention of Lulu Bains, who became a prostitute when her youthful affair with Gantry ruined her standing in her minister father's eyes and Gantry ditched her. Acting as a moralist, Gantry unwittingly invades the brothel where Lulu works, but sends the prostitutes out of town when he sees Lulu. When he meets Lulu privately after she phones him, Lulu wants revenge against Gantry for running out on her in Kansas. Her love for Gantry returns, however, when confronting him, and they embrace. A hidden photographer planted by Lulu records their embrace, but Gantry's love for Falconer prevents him from consummating his relationship with Lulu. Lulu proceeds to frame Gantry out of jealousy for his love for Falconer. Lulu blackmails him, and Falconer is asked to bring $25,000 in exchange for the negatives of the incriminating pictures. Falconer brings the money, but Lulu refuses to accept it, and the pictures are then printed on the front page of the town's newspaper.
Lulu had at first offered Lefferts the exclusive story of Gantry's supposed sexual indiscretion, but he refused, shrugging off the pictures as merely proof that Gantry is as human as anyone else. An angry mob ransacks the tent revival following the publication of the incriminating photos in another newspaper, with Lulu witnessing Gantry's humiliation. As the mob curses Gantry and smears him with eggs and produce, Lulu is emotionally shaken and flees the scene. She returns to the brothel, which is now in a dilapidated state from Gantry's publicity stunt. Her pimp is there to collect the $25,000, but when Lulu tells him that she did not take Falconer's money, he beats her. Gantry comes to Lulu's rescue. He disposes of the pimp and apologizes to Lulu, who later publicly confesses to having framed Gantry.
Gantry returns to Falconer as a capacity crowd of followers fills her new tabernacle following Gantry's redemption in the press. Falconer declines Gantry's request to abandon her soul-saving ventures, insisting that she and Gantry were brought together by God to do His work. After Falconer appears to cure a follower of deafness, a fire that had been smoldering erupts suddenly. Unable or unwilling to see past her own religious zeal as flames engulf her tabernacle, Falconer remains on the premises and dies. The next day, Gantry, saddened by Falconer's death, leads a spiritual with her followers after their prodding. Morgan asks Gantry to continue Falconer's ministry, but Gantry replies, quoting St Paul: "When I was a child, I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought as a child: but when I became a man, I put away childish things". His valise in one hand, Falconer's charred Bible in the other, and a smile on his face, Gantry strides away.
Soundtrack.
A remastered and enhanced soundtrack was released on CD on August 25, 1998.
All arrangements are by André Previn.
Reception.
In a contemporary review for "The New York Times", critic A. H. Weiler was overwhelmingly positive in his assessment, calling the film "... a living, action-packed, provoking screen study, largely devoid of the novel's polemics, that captures both the eye and mind" and writing: "It is a complex story, running nearly two and a half hours, but its length is hardly noticeable since its many vignettes, each sharply presented, are joined into a theme that somewhat changes Gantry, Sister Falconer, et al. from Lewis' conception but has them shape up as forceful, and often memorable, individuals."
The film has a 94% "fresh" score on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.

</doc>
<doc id="6982920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982920" title="Robert L. McKenzie House">
Robert L. McKenzie House

The Robert Lee McKenzie House (also known as the Belle Booth House) is a historic house in Panama City, Florida, at 17 East 3rd Court. It was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places on August 21, 1986. Robert Lee McKenzie was the first mayor of Panama City and a civic leader for fifty years. The house is a two-story clapboard frame dwelling built in the Dutch Colonial style typical of turn-of-the-20th-century houses in Northern Michigan. It was built in 1909 by Belle Booth who married R. L. McKenzie in 1912; the house was enlarged in 1925.
McKenzie acquired waterfront property and organized the Gulf Coast Development Company with the intent of making Panama City "Atlanta's outlet to the Panama Canal." McKenzie served as mayor of Panama City and two consecutive terms as state representative from Washington County in the Florida Legislature. "Most of the important events of the town's development for a period of over 50 years (1902-1956) are linked with his name and efforts," and the office/library of the McKenzie House was the center of his business activities. In 1964, the park across the street was renamed McKenzie Park in honor of his service to the community.

</doc>
<doc id="6982923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982923" title="Adaptive mutation">
Adaptive mutation

Adaptive mutation, also called directed mutation or directed mutagenesis is a controversial evolutionary theory. It posits that mutations, or genetic changes, are much less random and more purposeful than traditional evolution, implying that organisms can respond to environmental stresses by directing mutations to certain genes or areas of the genome. There have been a wide variety of experiments trying to support (or disprove) the idea of adaptive mutation, at least in microorganisms.
Definition.
The most widely accepted theory of evolution states that organisms are modified by natural selection where changes caused by mutations improve their chance of reproductive success. Adaptive mutation states that rather than mutations and evolution being random, they are in response to specific stresses. In other words, the mutations that occur are more beneficial and specific to the given stress, instead of random and not a response to anything in particular. The term stress refers to any change in the environment, such as temperature, nutrients, population size, etc. Tests with microorganisms have found that for adaptive mutation, more of the mutations observed after a given stress were more effective at dealing with the stress than chance alone would suggest is possible. This theory of adaptive mutation was first brought to academic attention in the 1980s by John Cairns.
Recent studies.
Adaptive mutation is a controversial claim leading to a series of experiments designed to test the idea. Three major experiments are the SOS response, responses to starvation in "Escherichia coli", and testing for revertants of a tryptophan auxotroph in "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" (yeast).
Lactose starvation.
The "E. coli" strain FC40 has a high rate of mutation, and so is useful for studies, such as for adaptive mutation. Due to a frameshift mutation, a change in the sequence that causes the DNA to code for something different, FC40 is unable to process lactose. When placed in a lactose-rich medium, it has been found that 20% of the cells mutated from Lac- (could not process lactose) to Lac+, meaning they could now utilize the lactose in their environment. The responses to stress are not in current DNA, but the change is made during DNA replication through recombination and the replication process itself, meaning that the adaptive mutation occurs in the current bacteria and will be inherited by the next generations because the mutation becomes part of the genetic code in the bacteria. This is particularly obvious in a study by Cairns, which demonstrated that even after moving "E. coli" back to a medium with minimal levels of lactose, Lac+ mutants continued to be produced as a response to the previous environment. This would not be possible if adaptive mutation was not at work because natural selection would not favor this mutation in the new environment. Although there are many genes involved in adaptive mutation, RecG, a protein, was found to have an effect on adaptive mutation. By itself, RecG was found to not necessarily lead to a mutational phenotype. However, it was found to inhibit the appearance of revertants (cells that appeared normally, as opposed to those with the mutations being studied) in wild type cells. On the other hand, RecG mutants were key to the expression of RecA-dependent mutations, which were a major portion of study in the SOS response experiments, such as the ability to utilize lactose.
Adaptive mutation was re-proposed in 1988 by John Cairns who was studying "Escherichia coli" that lacked the ability to metabolize lactose. He grew these bacteria in media in which lactose was the only source of energy. In doing so, he found that the rate at which the bacteria evolved the ability to metabolize lactose was many orders of magnitude higher than would be expected if the mutations were truly random. This inspired him to propose that the mutations that had occurred had been "directed" at those genes involved in lactose utilization.
Later support for this hypothesis came from Susan Rosenberg, then at the University of Alberta, who found that an enzyme involved in DNA recombinational repair, recBCD, was necessary for the directed mutagenesis observed by Cairns and colleagues in 1989. The directed mutagenesis hypothesis was challenged in 2002, by work showing that the phenomenon was due to general hypermutability due to selected gene amplification, followed by natural selection, and was thus a standard Darwinian process. Later research from 2007 however, concluded that amplification could not account for the adaptive mutation and that "mutants that appear during the first few days of lactose selection are true revertants that arise in a single step".
SOS response.
This experiment is different from the others in one small way: this experiment is concerned with the pathways leading to an adaptive mutation while the others tested the changing environment microorganisms were exposed to. The SOS response in "E. coli" is a response to DNA damage that must be repaired. The normal cell cycle is put on hold and mutagenesis may begin. This means that mutations will occur to try to fix the damage. This hypermutation, or increased rate of change, response has to have some regulatory process, and some key molecules in this process are RecA, and LexA. These are proteins and act as stoplights for this and other processes. They also appear to be the main contributors to adaptive mutation in "E. coli". Changes in presence of one or the other was shown to affect the SOS response, which in turn affected how the cells were able to process lactose, which should not be confused with the lactose starvation experiment. The key point to understand here is that LexA and RecA both were required for adaptive mutation to occur, and without the SOS response adaptive mutation would not be possible.
Yeast.
von Borstel, in the 1970s, conducted experiments similar to the Lactose Starvation experiment with yeast, specifically "Saccharomyces cerevisiae". He tested for tryptophan auxotroph revertants. A tryptophan auxotroph cannot make tryptophan for itself, but wild-type cells can and so a revertant will revert to the normal state of being able to produce tryptophan. He found that when yeast colonies were moved from a tryptophan-rich medium to a minimal one, revertants continued to appear for several days. The degree to which revertants were observed in yeast was not as high as with bacteria. Other scientists have conducted similar experiments, such as Hall who tested histidine revertants, or Steele and Jinks-Robertson who tested lysine. These experiments demonstrate how recombination and DNA replication are necessary for adaptive mutation. However, in lysine-tested cells, recombination continued to occur even without selection for it. Steele and Jinks-Robertson concluded that recombination occurred in all circumstances, adaptive or otherwise, while mutations were present only when they were beneficial and adaptive.
Although the production of mutations during selection was not as vigorous as observed with bacteria, these studies are convincing. As mentioned above, a subsequent study adds even more weight to the results with "lys2". Steele and Jinks-Robertson found that LYS prototrophs due to interchromosomal recombination events also continue to arise in nondividing cells, but in this case, the production of recombinants continued whether there was selection for them or not. Thus, mutation occurred in stationary phase only when it was adaptive, but recombination occurred whether it was adaptive or not.
Delayed appearance of mutants has also been reported for "Candida albicans". With long exposure to sublethal concentrations of heavy metals, colonies of resistant cells began to appear after 5–10 days and continued to appear for 1–2 weeks thereafter. These resistances could have resulted from gene amplification, although the phenotypes were stable during a short period of nonselective growth. However, revertants of two auxotrophies also appeared with similar kinetics. None of these events in "Candida albicans" have, as yet, been shown to be specific to the selection imposed.

</doc>
<doc id="6982926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982926" title="John Rowe Townsend">
John Rowe Townsend

John Rowe Townsend (19 May 1922 – 24 March 2014) was a British children's writer and children's literature scholar. His best-known children's novel is "The Intruder", which won a 1971 Edgar Award. His best-known academic work is a reference series, "Written for Children: An Outline of English Children's Literature" (1965), the definitive work of its time on the subject. 
It was greatly expanded for the first revised edition as "Written for Children: An Outline of English-language Children's Literature" (1974) and updated for its 2nd to 4th revised editions in 1983, 1987, and 1990 – the last, "A survey of imaginative writing, including poetry and picture books, accompanied by a bibliography of works on children's literature and illustrations from many of the classics of children's literature through 1989." ().
Biography.
Townsend was born in Leeds and educated at Leeds Grammar School and Emmanuel College, Cambridge. His popular works include "Gumble's Yard", his debut novel published in 1961; "Widdershins Crescent" (1965); and "The Intruder" (1969), which won the 1971 Edgar Award for Best Juvenile Mystery from the Mystery Writers of America. In Britain, "The Intruder" was adapted as a children's TV series starring Milton Johns as the stranger. He was for some time editor of "The Guardian"'s weekly international edition, and also served as the paper's children's books editor.
Also in Britain, "Noah's Castle" was filmed by Southern Television, narrated by character Barry Mortimer (Simon Gipps-Kent), and transmitted in seven 25-minute episodes in 1980.
He had had a relationship with Jill Paton Walsh from the early 1970s, but they were only married after the death of her first husband in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6982933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982933" title="Loblaw Companies Inc.">
Loblaw Companies Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="6982939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982939" title="Sacramento State">
Sacramento State



</doc>
<doc id="6982946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982946" title="OGTR">
OGTR



</doc>
<doc id="6982947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982947" title="Siege of Oshi">
Siege of Oshi

The 1590 was one of many battles in Toyotomi Hideyoshi's campaigns against the Hōjō clan during Japan's Sengoku period.
Background.
Oshi Castle was a stronghold of the Narita clan in north-central Musashi Province. The Narita were originally vassals of the Ogigayatsu Uesugi clan and under the leadership of Narita Akiyasu completed Oshi Castle around 1479.
The castle was built on a small elevation near the Tone River and used surrounding marshes and swamplands as part of its outer defenses. It was regarded as one of the seven most important strongholds of the Kantō region.
The Narita clan changed their allegiance to the Odawara Hōjō clan following the defeat of the Uesugi clan at the siege of Kawagoe Castle in 1546. Fourteen years later Uesugi Kenshin, the "daimyō" of the Uesugi clan, invaded the area in support of Uesugi Norimasa (the "Shōgun"'s deputy or Kanto kanrei). This forced Narita Nagayasu, the Castellan of Oshi Castle to sever his ties to the Odawara Hōjō. However, after a quarrel with Uesugi Kenshin, the enraged Narita switched back to the Odawara Hōjō clan. In reprisal, Uesugi Kenshin burned down the town around the castle in 1574.
Siege.
During the siege of Odawara in 1590, the daimyō Toyotomi Hideyoshi dispatched one of his senior retainers, Ishida Mitsunari, on an expedition to reduce the outlying castles still loyal to the Odawara Hōjō clan throughout Musashi Province. Three days after capturing Tatebayashi Castle, Ishida's forces of 23,000 troops arrived at Oshi. On arrival they discovered that the Narita clan leader, Narita Ujinaga, was at Odawara with the bulk of his forces. He had left his home castle defended by only 619 samurai and 2000 local conscripts led by his daughter Kaihime and younger brother Narita Nagachika.
After the castle refused to surrender, the castle held off numerous attacks from Ishida's forces. This included a copy-cat effort to flood the defenders using the same method that Hideyoshi used at his famous siege of Takamatsu. Despite Ishida's impressive construction of 28 kilometers of dikes and torrential rains, the castle still held for over a month.
Eventually the defenders only surrendered after hearing word that their lord, Narita Ujinaga had been defeated at Odawara.
Legacy.
Oshi Castle gained fame from the siege as the “floating castle”.
But it also ruined the career of Ishida, who emerged with a sullied image and the reputation of a poor commander. It subsequently affected his ability to gain the loyalty and support of Japan's other powerful daimyo after the death of Toyotomi Hideyoshi. This lack of support eventually contributed to his defeat at the 1600 Battle of Sekigahara.

</doc>
<doc id="6982949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982949" title="Sandis Ozolins">
Sandis Ozolins



</doc>
<doc id="6982952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982952" title="BBET">
BBET



</doc>
<doc id="6982955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982955" title="Jakarta XML Web Services">
Jakarta XML Web Services

The Jakarta XML Web Services (JAX-WS; formerly Java API for XML Web Services) is a Jakarta EE API for creating web services, particularly SOAP services. JAX-WS is one of the Java XML programming APIs.
Overview.
The JAX-WS 2.2 specification JSR 224 defines a standard Java- to-WSDL mapping which determines how WSDL operations are bound to Java methods when a SOAP message invokes a WSDL operation. This Java-to-WSDL mapping determines which Java method gets invoked and how that SOAP message is mapped to the method’s parameters.
This mapping also determines how the method’s return value gets mapped to the SOAP response.
JAX-WS uses annotations, introduced in Java SE 5, to simplify the development and deployment of web service clients and endpoints. It is part of the Java Web Services Development Pack. JAX-WS can be used in Java SE starting with version 6. As of Java SE 11, JAX-WS was removed. For details, see JEP 320.
JAX-WS 2.0 replaced the JAX-RPC API in Java Platform, Enterprise Edition 5 which leans more towards document style Web Services.
This API provides the core of Eclipse Metro.
JAX-WS also is one of the foundations of WSIT.

</doc>
<doc id="6982965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982965" title="The Wicked Sisters">
The Wicked Sisters

The Wicked Sisters () is a Russian fairy tale collected by Alexander Afanasyev in "Narodnye russkie skazki".
Ruth Manning-Sanders included it, as "The Queen's Children", in "A Book of Kings and Queens".
Synopsis.
Prince Ivan hears three beautiful sisters talking. The older two say that if he married them, they would sew him a marvelous shirt; the youngest says she would bear him three sons with the sun on the forehead, the moon on the back of their heads, and stars to each side. He marries her. The older sisters envied her and bribed her servants; when she bore the sons she had said, they stole them and hid them an arbor in the garden; then they presented the prince with first a puppy, then a kitten, then an ordinary child. The prince finally repudiated and demanded justice for her deceiving him. The chief justice decreed she should be blinded, put in a barrel with the ordinary child, and thrown out to sea; if she were guilty, she would die, but if she were innocent, she would emerge. This was done, and Prince Ivan married her oldest sister.
The substituted child grew by the hour, became reasonable, and commanded the barrel to come ashore and burst, then commanded a bathhouse to appear, in which he restored the princess's sight, and then a palace to appear. The arbor from the palace was in it. He had the princess bake three cakes. The three princes appeared and said that whoever brought them those cakes and told them of their mother would be their brother. The princess lived there with her sons and the child. One day they gave hospitality to monks, who went on to Prince Ivan's kingdom and told him of them. He immediately went to the palace and knew them for his wife and sons.
The oldest sister was thrown into the sea, and this time the barrel sank.
Analysis.
Tale type.
The tale is classified in the international Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as type ATU 707, "The Three Golden Children".
In the East Slavic Folktale Classification (), the tale is classified as type SUS 707, . Folklorist noted the commonest form of East Slavic variants is the following: the mother of the wonder children is cast in the sea in a barrel.
Motifs.
This tale was collected by Russian folklorist Alexander Afanasyev, along with six other variants, and comprises a subtype named "Up to the Knee in Gold, Up to the Elbow in Silver".
The tale is part of a very widespread set of tales under the banner "The Dancing Water, the Singing Apple, and the Speaking Bird", distributed throughout Europe, Middle East, Africa and Americas. However, the characteristics of this specific version veer close to the Tale of Tsar Saltan story type, a tale attested in Russian and Slavic sources.
The plot is as follows: the mother is cast out with the babies into the sea in a box or barrel, after the king is tricked into thinking his wife did not deliver her promised wonder children. The box eventually washes ashore on the beaches of an island or another country. There, the child (or children) magically grows up in hours or days and builds an enchanted castle or house that attracts the attention of the common folk (or merchants, or travellers). Word reaches the ears of the despondent king, who hears about the mysterious owners of such fantastic abode, who just happen to look like the children he would have had. In some variants, the castaway boy sets a trap to rescue his brothers and release them from a transformation curse, or the boy asks his mother for a meal made with her "breast milk" to give to his brothers when he sets out to rescue his siblings from the place where they have been kept as prisoners.
Russian tale collections attest to the presence of Baba Yaga, the witch of Slavic folklore, as the antagonist in many of the stories.
The tale can also be found in Finnish, Estonian, Hungarian and Baltic folktale collections.

</doc>
<doc id="6982968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982968" title="Red Trinity">
Red Trinity

Red Trinity (, a.k.a. Kapitalist Kouriers) is a fictional DC Comics Russian superteam introduced in "Flash" (vol. 2) #6 (November 1987). They were created by Mike Baron and Jackson Guice.
Fictional history.
Doctor Pytor Orloff is a prominent Russian scientist at the Puleski Institute in Siberia. Orloff was able to inflict super-speed on laboratory subjects using steroids and cybernetic implants, in conjunction with specialized gene therapy. Orloff decided to create Red Trinity after conquering the adverse side effects which afflicted his prototype team, Blue Trinity.
While the members of Blue Trinity were extremely powerful, they were also emotionally unstable, slow witted, and prone to violence. Currently known only as Anatole, Bebeck and Cassiopeia, the trio became super-powered operatives in the employ of the Russian army.
Red Trinity came into conflict with Blue Trinity after they helped Wally West (Flash) smuggle Doctor Orloff out of Russia, because his expertise was needed to save the life of Doctor Jerry McGee (Speed Demon) in America. Flash and Red Trinity fight and defeat Blue Trinity at the Finnish border. As a result of their trip, Red Trinity decided to make the United States their home. They started up a super-powered intercontinental messenger service called "Kapitalist Kourier Service, Inc."
Later Lady Flash (Christina Alexandrova of Blue Trinity) and the three Kapitalist Kouriers were asked to capture a rogue Soviet terrorist named Proletariat who opposed glasnost. Together they prevent Proletariat from detonating a concealed bomb.
During the "War of the Gods" intracompany crossover, the combined forces of Flash, Lady Flash, the Kapitalist Kouriers and Chunk ended a battle between the Roman god Mercury and the Greek god Hermes who were locked in a competition to prove who was faster, a competition which put all Keystone City in danger.
The big man named Cassiopeia died due to Savitar absorbing the speed from all of the world's super-speedsters in "The Flash" (vol. 2) #108, while Cassiopeia was running up the side of a building; he then fell to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="6982991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6982991" title="Judah he-Hasid of Siedlce">
Judah he-Hasid of Siedlce



</doc>
<doc id="6983002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983002" title="Double Trouble (dance music producers)">
Double Trouble (dance music producers)

Double Trouble were an English dance record production and remixing trio in the house and hip house scene, active during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
History.
The group consisted of members Karl 'Tuff Enuff' Brown, Leigh Guest and Michael Menson and first rose to prominence through their collaborations with the Rebel MC on the Polydor/Desire releases "Just Keep Rockin'" and "Street Tuff", which reached numbers 5 and 1 respectively on the UK Indie Chart in 1989. "Just Keep Rockin'" then reached number 11 on the UK Singles Chart, while "Street Tuff" reached number 3, becoming their biggest hit. These two singles were included on Rebel MC's debut album, "Rebel Music", as well as going on to feature on Double Trouble's own debut album, "As One", which also spawned the singles "Don't Give Up", "Talk Back" and "Love Don't Live Here Anymore" - a cover of the Rose Royce track.
In 1991, a club/reggae single was released, entitled "Rub-A-Dub".
New interest in "Just Keep Rockin'" in December 2007 saw it re-enter the UK Dance Chart at number 32.
Murder of Michael Menson.
Michael Menson, son of a Ghanaian diplomat, died from the results of burns on 13 February 1997, his anorak having been set on fire by three men in Edmonton. Two of the killers, Mario Pereira and Harry Constantinou, were apprehended by the Racial and Violent Crime Task Force. Pereira was sentenced to life imprisonment for murder, Constantinou to 12-years for manslaughter. Ozguy Cevak, who had fled the country, was sentenced in Northern Cyprus to 14 years for manslaughter.
Discography.
Remixes.
The trio were responsible for a string of successful remixes including:

</doc>
<doc id="6983014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983014" title="MP5A2">
MP5A2



</doc>
<doc id="6983022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983022" title="Bones TV">
Bones TV



</doc>
<doc id="6983024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983024" title="List of Armenian Patriarchs of İstanbul">
List of Armenian Patriarchs of İstanbul



</doc>
<doc id="6983026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983026" title="Tyrant (Spiderbaby Grafix)">
Tyrant (Spiderbaby Grafix)

Tyrant is a comic book series published by Spiderbaby Grafix about a "Tyrannosaurus rex", written by Steve Bissette.
Publication history.
There were four issues published in the mid 90s.
A new "Tyrant" page appeared in "Sundays" and Bissette has discussed a proposal he prepared involving a "Tyrant" revival.
Plot.
The comic book series focuses on a t-rex's struggles to survive, from even before it emerges from the shell.

</doc>
<doc id="6983028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983028" title="Irene Jones">
Irene Jones

Irene Jones is a former municipal councillor in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. A member of the social democratic New Democratic Party, she served on the Etobicoke and Toronto councils from 1988 until 2003, when she stood down to seek election to the provincial legislature.
Background.
Jones was the director of Storefront Humber during the 1980s, providing home support services to elderly residents of Etobicoke and Mississauga. Jones, a Mimico resident, also served as chair of Home Share Etobicoke, was a member of the Toronto District Health Council, and helped establish the New Toronto Nursery School.
Etobicoke councillor.
Jones first campaigned for the Etobicoke council in 1985. The election night returns showed her losing to her conservative rival, Helen Wursta, by only ten votes. Her requests for a recount were turned down by the city, and a judge ruled in January 1986 that too much time had passed for a court-ordered scrutiny of the votes (although the judge also ruled that the council was certainly aware of ballot irregularities when it turned down Jones's request). In the aftermath of these events, Bob Mitchell of the "Toronto Star" wrote that the real result of the election would never be known for certain.
She sought election to the Etobicoke council again in 1988, arguing that the city should purchase waterfront properties for recreational use rather than sell them to developers. She was listed as forty-one years old during the campaign. This time, Jones defeated Wursta by an almost two-to-one margin.
Jones was frequently critical of development projects approved by the Etobicoke council. She voted against a high-rise condominium project at Kingsway-on-the-Park, arguing that it set a "dangerous precedent" for the city. She also argued that the redevelopment of the Lakeshore Blvd. area was proceeding at too quick a pace. Jones was especially critical of the council's approach to development issues, saying "While we do planning studies, we frequently don't do financial impact studies. We have to look at the ability of the average taxpayer in Etobicoke (to pay for) the urban responsibility of servicing all the residential redevelopment."
She was also involved in securing a compromise for Etobicoke's motel strip area, promoting affordable housing for the region. In October 1990, Jones endorsed a report from former Mayor of Toronto David Crombie which asserted that the Etobicoke council was placing the interests of developers ahead of the public.
Jones was re-elected without difficulty in 1991, and continued to oppose many of the city's development plans. In 1993, she criticized the prospect of selling land around the old Lakeshore Psychiatric Hospital to private developers. She was re-elected again in 1994. She chaired the city's Board of Health after the election, and supported plans to designate Etobicoke as smoke-free. She supported the Courtyards development project in Long Branch, arguing that the planning and development committee "for the first time" took community concerns into account.
Toronto councillor.
The city of Etobicoke was amalgamated into the city of Toronto in 1997. Jones was elected to the new Toronto City Council, winning one of two seats in the Lakeshore-Queensway ward. She sought an appointment as Etobicoke community council chair after the election, but lost to Elizabeth Brown. When committee positions were determined, she was appointed to the Toronto Board of Health and the Urban Environment and Development Committee. Jones quickly emerged as an opponent of Mel Lastman's style of government, arguing that the city's first budget had been created in secret.
She supported the city's plans for redeveloping the motel strip area of Etobicoke in 1998, saying that environmental concerns had been taken into account and that property unit prices had been scaled back to reasonable levels. During the same year, Jones supported calls for increased government funding to combat domestic violence. In 1999, she called for Toronto to be made smoke-free by 2001.
On December 14, 1999, Jones was appointed as a member of Toronto's newly created Food and Hunger Action Committee. She sought a position on the Toronto Police Services Board in 2000, but was passed over in favour of Gordon Chong. Late in 2000, Jones opposed a plan (which was ultimately rejected) to ship Toronto's garbage to the Adams Mine in Kirkland Lake.
Toronto's ward system was restructured prior to the 2000 municipal election. Jones was re-elected without difficulty in the new sixth ward, covering the southern part of Etobicoke—Lakeshore. She was appointed to chair the West Community Council after the election. In late 2001, she spoke out against the city's practice of contracting out services to private firms.
In February 2002, Jones was appointed as the new City of Toronto Water Advocate in a joint program with the federal government. She later criticized a municipal plan (later abandoned) to create an arm's-length board of private citizens to oversee Toronto's water system, arguing that this was simply a means of evading responsibility for necessary rate increases. In October 2002, she announced that she was seeking public input on future cleanup efforts for Toronto's waterfront. Jones also expressed concern, late in the year, that the proposed arm's-length board would be the first step toward contracting out water services to private developers.
Jones was one of the first Toronto city councillors to endorse David Miller's successful bid for mayor of the city, joining him at his campaign launch in January 2003. Jones herself did not seek re-election municipally, choosing instead to campaign for the provincial New Democratic Party in Etobicoke—Lakeshore for the 2003 provincial election. She finished third in this contest, against Liberal candidate Laurel Broten.
After politics.
Jones worked in the volunteer sector after the election, and served on a committee organized by the Toronto Region Conservation Authority. In 2004, she joined the lobbying firm Urban Intelligence as a senior consultant. In August 2006, she was listed as co-chair of the Etobicoke-Mimico Watersheds Coalition, fighting for creek preservation and reclamation.

</doc>
<doc id="6983031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983031" title="Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Immaculate Conception (Lafayette, Indiana)">
Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Immaculate Conception (Lafayette, Indiana)

The Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Immaculate Conception is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette in Indiana. It is located at 1207 Columbia Street in Lafayette, Indiana. It is also a contributing property in the St. Mary Historic District.
History.
The congregation began in 1843 when a small group of Irish Catholic families in the area met for Mass in rented space. By the following year, they raised enough money to construct their own building. The brick "Church of Sts. Mary and Martha" stood at the intersection of Fifth and Brown Streets and was completed in 1846. In 1850, a school was constructed on adjacent land which came under the administration of the Oblate Sisters of Providence in 1858.
In 1860, parishioner Lawrence Stockton donated a plot of land on Columbia Street to the Reverend Edmund Kilroy for construction of a church, rectory, and school. Preliminary work began shortly thereafter, but stopped when the Civil War began in April 1861.
The Reverend George Hamilton replaced Father Kilroy as pastor and oversaw completion of construction. The Gothic-style church was dedicated August 15, 1866. The central tower rises to a height of . The interior is divided into three naves by columns. The frescos and the stained glass windows were installed in 1887. The exterior was originally brick, but it was covered in 1904 with concrete to resemble stone. That same year, the front staircase and the balustrade were also completed.
In 1944, the Diocese of Lafayette-in-Indiana was created by dividing the Diocese of Fort Wayne and St. Mary's Church was chosen as the cathedral for the new diocese. The cathedral has undergone a number of renovations, three of which were mentioned in the 150th Anniversary documentary, in the years of 1933, 1976, and 2001 with the addition of a social hall.

</doc>
<doc id="6983034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983034" title="Patriarchate in İstanbul">
Patriarchate in İstanbul



</doc>
<doc id="6983047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983047" title="Laissez-passer">
Laissez-passer



</doc>
<doc id="6983050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983050" title="Galicia (Iberia)">
Galicia (Iberia)



</doc>
<doc id="6983060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983060" title="L'Anse Creuse Public Schools">
L'Anse Creuse Public Schools

L'Anse Creuse Public Schools is a school district located in Macomb County, Michigan in Metro Detroit. It serves parts of the townships of Chesterfield, Clinton, Harrison, and Macomb.
History.
In 1954, five small school districts consolidated to form L'Anse Creuse Public School District. The consolidation was motivated by Mount Clemens School District's decision to no longer accept high school students from outside of its district. The districts consolidated were Atwood, Green, Herman Klix, Jefferson and South River. The district was named for “Little Bay” or “Shallow Bay” in French.

</doc>
<doc id="6983070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983070" title="Mheger 4">
Mheger 4



</doc>
<doc id="6983081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983081" title="Eris (planet)">
Eris (planet)



</doc>
<doc id="6983089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983089" title="The Virgin of Zesh &amp; The Tower of Zanid">
The Virgin of Zesh &amp; The Tower of Zanid

The Virgin of Zesh &amp; The Tower of Zanid is a 1982 collection of two science fiction novels by American writer L. Sprague de Camp. Both works are part of his "Viagens Interplanetarias" series and of its subseries of stories set on the fictional planet Krishna. The collection was first published in paperback by Ace Books in February 1983, and reprinted in April of the same year. It was issued as the fourth volume of the standard edition of the Krishna novels, and its component parts were at the time of publication the fifth and sixth Krishna novels, chronologically. Afterwards, publication of "The Bones of Zora" (1983) put "The Tower of Zanid" seventh in order of chronology.
As with all of de Camp's "Krishna" novels, the component parts of this collection have a "Z" in them, a practice he said he devised to keep track of them. Short stories in the series do not follow the practice, nor do "Viagens Interplanetarias" works not set on Krishna.
Contents.
The Virgin of Zesh.
Missionary Althea Merrick, fleeing from an unwanted marriage to a "Viagens" official, joins a scientist and poet en route to a utopian Terran colony on the island of Zesh, where she becomes embroiled in the affairs of some peculiarly intelligent aborigines. The story is notable for its satirization of contemporary pseudoscientific movements and for some parallels to Daniel Keyes's novel "Flowers for Algernon", which it predates.
The Tower of Zanid.
Adventurer Anthony Fallon, ex-ruler of the Krishnan kingdom of Zamba, has fallen on hard times. Currently he juggles dual roles as a respected member of the civic guard of Zanid, the capital of Balhib, and an undercover spy for the enemy horde of Qaathian nomads, all the while scheming to recover his lost throne. Recruited by Terran consul Percy Mjipa to yet another task, he helps an archaeologist penetrate the secrets of a forbidden temple as cover for investigating the disappearance of a number of Terran scientists. With all these irons in the fire, things cannot end well... The story features a favorable portrayal of an African character, the omnicompetent Mjipa, at a time when most science fiction still depicted such characters rarely and stereotypically.
Setting.
The planet Krishna is de Camp's premier creation in the Sword and Planet genre, representing both a tribute to the Barsoom novels of Edgar Rice Burroughs and an attempt to "get it right", reconstructing the concept logically, without what he regarded as Burroughs' biological and technological absurdities.

</doc>
<doc id="6983091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983091" title="Kingdom of Surrey">
Kingdom of Surrey



</doc>
<doc id="6983124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983124" title="Silver Mountain (Idaho)">
Silver Mountain (Idaho)

Silver Mountain Resort is a ski resort in the northwest United States, located in the Silver Valley region of northern Idaho, just south of Kellogg and Interstate 90 in Shoshone County. Originally opened as "Jackass Ski Bowl" in January 1968 on Wardner Peak, it was renamed "Silverhorn" in 1973 following an ownership change. With planned improvements, most notably the gondola from the city of Kellogg and expansion on Kellogg Peak, the name was changed to "Silver Mountain" in the summer of 1989.
History.
Jackass Ski Bowl.
Jackass Ski Bowl, near Wardner, was constructed in the summer of 1967 on lands leased from the Bunker Hill Mining Company. It was named for Noah Kellogg's borrowed ore-discovering donkey "(Jenny)" of 1885. The ski area began operations in January 1968 and the first seasons were promising, with plans for lift expansion, and a 1971 season that extended to mid-May. But the next two years of poor skiing weather caused the operation to fall into financial difficulty. Following its sixth season, its assets were liquidated in a foreclosure sale by the SBA in August 1973 in Wallace, and were purchased by the Bunker Hill Co. for $100,100. 
Silverhorn.
The ski facility was reorganized as Silverhorn ski area in 1973 under the ownership of Shoshone Recreation, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Bunker Hill. Named after Silberhorn in the Bernese Alps, it was offered for sale in 1982, and was acquired by the City of Kellogg in 1984. It operated only on weekends and holidays during the 1986–87 season.
Falling prices for metals in 1980, combined with environmental problems, forced many of the mines to curtail production. The century-old Bunker Hill mine and smelter operations, which had experienced a turbulent early history of labor disputes, finally closed in 1981. ASARCO, Hecla, and Sunshine soon followed, resulting in the direct loss of thousands of high-wage jobs, and the indirect loss of many others, with serious economic hardship to the Silver Valley area of Shoshone County.
Kellogg (and the Silver Valley) is the site of one of the largest EPA Superfund sites. Enormous efforts over that past few years have resulted in restoration of the area. Restoration means returning a natural resource back to a healthy condition.
To diversify and expand the local economy, an increased focus was placed on recreation and tourism, primarily through the existing ski area. Silverhorn had one lift, a double chair (later renamed #4, then "Jackass") with a vertical drop of , and a mid-mountain loading/unloading area at the parking lot &amp; day lodge. Silverhorn was accessed by vehicle via a difficult and dangerous twisting mountain road, which climbed over in just , an average grade of over seven percent. The road approached from the northwest and terminated in the parking lot at , the mid-mountain base area of Wardner Peak. If the ski area was to attract more visitors, a better way of reaching the mountain was definitely needed.
In December 1987, the U.S. Congress approved an appropriation bill for the U.S. Forest Service which included $6.4 million of matching funds to assist in the construction of a new gondola from the city of Kellogg to Silverhorn. The bill was greatly assisted by the members of Idaho's congressional delegation.
In September 1988, tiny and economically depressed Kellogg voted to tax itself $2 million ($100,000 per year for 20 years), approved by over 82%, and Von Roll Tramways, a Swiss lift manufacturing company, was impressed enough to agree to guarantee much of the remaining funds needed to construct the improved resort. The state government of Idaho and the local electric utility (Washington Water Power, now Avista Corp.) also assisted.
Silver Mountain.
On April 25, 1989, ground was broken for the construction of the gondola and base village, additional chairlifts, and other resort improvements. Renamed Silver Mountain in July, it opened for summer operations in June 1990, and for skiing that November. The elevation at the bottom terminal of the gondola is slightly under and unloads at about ; the trip takes seventeen minutes, traveling south-southeast over Wardner.
Gondola and chairlift rides, mountain biking, hiking, and concerts at the high-mountain outdoor amphitheater (capacity: 2500) are the primary summer activities at Silver Mountain. The base village and gondola base are located less than a half-mile (800 m) from exit #49 of Interstate 90.
In 1996, Silver Mountain was acquired by Eagle Crest Partners, a subsidiary of Jeld-Wen Corporation.
A snow tubing park was constructed in the fall of 2006 at the site of the mountain amphitheater, which was relocated and expanded. An indoor water park ("Silver Rapids") opened in May 2008.
The excitement surrounding the favorable snow conditions and summer activities—biking, ATV riding, hiking, fishing, swimming, hunting, golf, bird watching—prompted economic growth. The economic downturn in 2008 has created opportunity again for investment.
In 2016, Jeld-Wen sold the resort to Seattle-area businessman Tryg Fortun for $5 million. The ownership group, CMR Lands LLC, acquired a second ski area in 2019: 49 Degrees North in northeastern Washington, north of Spokane.
In 2020, an avalanche on Wardner Peak killed three and injured four; it occurred in the late morning on "16 to 1" on Tuesday, January 7.
Mountain statistics.
Silver Mountain is actually two mountains: Kellogg Peak, to the east, with a summit of and the original Wardner Peak at . The ski area has a vertical drop of on its north-facing slopes. There are 72 named trails on its skiable plus extensive off-piste areas; the terrain is rated at 20% beginner, 40% intermediate, 30% advanced, and 10% expert.
The ski area has seven lifts: one gondola (service to the base village and parking lot in Kellogg), five chairlifts (1 quad, 2 triples, 2 doubles), and a magic carpet). Its average annual snowfall is , with limited snowmaking on .
The future.
The master plan of Silver Mountain proposes:
• An expanded Gondola Village with new shops, meeting facilities, restaurants, entertainment plaza.
• New high-speed chairlifts and snowmaking system and new trails with increased vertical drop (by lowering the base).

</doc>
<doc id="6983127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983127" title="Sakura-shimmachi Station">
Sakura-shimmachi Station

 is a railway station on the Tōkyū Den-en-toshi Line in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Tokyu Corporation.
Lines.
Sakura-shimmachi Station is served by Tokyu Den-en-toshi Line. It lies from the starting point of the line at Shibuya Station in Tokyo.
Station layout.
The station is an underground station with the concourse and ticket barriers located on the first basement ("B1F") level. There are two side platforms located above each other, with the down (for ) platform 1 on the second basement ("B2F") level, and the up (for ) platform 2 on the third basement ("B3F") level.
History.
Sakura-shimmachi Station opened on 7 April 1977.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 65,618 passengers daily.
Surrounding area.
The station is located on a commercial street a short walk from the residential area of Tsurumaki. Hasegawa Machiko Art Museum is located near this station.

</doc>
<doc id="6983128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983128" title="Sapp House">
Sapp House

The Sapp House is a historic site in Panama City, Florida. It is located at 224 3rd Court. On October 4, 2003, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The house was built by Sapp family. In 1912, Joshua Mercer Sapp (1878-1971) relocated to Panama City from Washington County, becoming a partner in Judge J. R. Wells's law firm. Accompanying him was his newlywed wife, Ella Mae Patton, originally from Apalachicola. Together, they raised two sons, Herbert Patton and Howard William.

</doc>
<doc id="6983136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983136" title="Inferior rectal nerves">
Inferior rectal nerves



</doc>
<doc id="6983152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983152" title="Schmidt-Godert Farm">
Schmidt-Godert Farm

The Schmidt-Godert Farm (also known as the Jacob Godert Farm) is a historic site in Panama City, Florida. It is located at 100 SR 2297. On October 4, 2002, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The first building built was the barn and was also used as a house until a proper house was later built. The cane mill was once used to make natural sugar cane by pears grown on the property. The main house was also once a bed and breakfast, shutting down permanently after Jacob Godert, Yvonne Godert’s (current home owner) late husband fell ill. The parlor room was also used for funeral showings for several of the family members. All of the rooms for guests were labeled by color including a red room, yellow room, green room and blue room. The guest rooms are located on the second floor. On the bottom floor there is the kitchen, laundry room, dining room, master bedroom/accessible bedroom, library and parlor. The workers quarters and management area was located on the third floor where the doors were only around three feet tall. Also on the property is a blacksmith shop, a store shop, a more modern brick house, a chicken coop/vineyard area, a well and well tower as well as several pump houses. In the woods there were foundation for woods structures but the purpose was never confirmed. Trails were also made later on around the property.
On October 10, 2018, the barn was destroyed by Hurricane Michael. Roughly 6 months after, the blacksmith building was removed due to damage from the hurricane.
The cane mill on the property is currently structurally unsound and is in a state of active decay. The store shop was also heavily damaged and the main house was left in unlivable conditions. The brick house remained undamaged and is the only building that can be lived in. All of the trails were also covered by debris and the wooden structures in the woods cannot be reached.

</doc>
<doc id="6983157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983157" title="Snubnosed revolver">
Snubnosed revolver

A snubnosed revolver (colloquially known as a snubbie, belly gun, or bulldog revolver) is a small, medium, or large frame revolver with a short barrel, generally less than 3 inches in length. Smaller such revolvers are often made with "bobbed" or "shrouded" hammers and there are also "hammerless" models (where the hammer is entirely internal); the point is to allow the gun to be drawn with little risk of it snagging on clothing. Since the external movement of the mechanism is minimal or nil, shrouded and hammerless models may be fired from within clothing. The design of these revolvers compromises range and accuracy at a distance in favor of maneuverability and ease of carry and concealment.
Snubnosed revolvers were popular in the United States until the 1950s and 1960s when many states passed laws limiting or prohibiting the carrying of concealed weapons. The passage in many US states of "shall issue" firearms license laws from the mid-1980s to the 1990s created new markets for small, simple, reliable, concealed-carry firearms. This resulted in a resurgence in the popularity of snubnosed revolvers in the United States.
Demand for snubnosed revolvers has been met with the introduction of numerous new models from Smith &amp; Wesson, Colt, Ruger, Taurus, and other manufacturers. While most are made of traditional carbon steel, stainless steel, and lightweight aluminum alloys that have been in use for decades, some models use high-strength, lightweight metal alloys such as titanium and scandium. Polymer frames have also been used.
Most firearms manufacturers now produce snubnosed revolvers in larger calibers than before, including .357 Magnum, .41 Magnum, .44 Magnum, and .45 Colt. Some companies make .454 Casull, .460 S&amp;W Magnum, .480 Ruger, .500 S&amp;W Magnum, and .410 bore snubnosed revolvers. There are also snubnosed revolvers chambered for semi-automatic pistol cartridges such as 9×19mm Parabellum, .40 S&amp;W, and .45 ACP (loaded with the aid of Moon clips).
History.
The first commercial snubnosed revolver was the six-shot, barreled Colt Single Action Army revolver, made without an ejector rod. It was officially called the "Sheriff's Model," or the "Storekeeper's Model", also unofficially known as the "Banker's Special". The barrel models were known as the "Gunfighter" model. The barrel models were called the "Artillery", and the "Cattleman" or "Cowboy" models. And, barrel models were called the "Army", the "Cavalry" and the "Standard" models.
The British Bull Dog revolver was a popular type of 5-shot, solid-frame, double action, pocket revolver introduced by Philip Webley &amp; Son of Birmingham, England, in 1872, and subsequently copied by gunmakers in continental Europe and the United States. It featured a barrel and was chambered for .442 Webley or .450 Adams cartridges. Webley produced smaller scaled .320 Revolver and .380 caliber versions later, but did not mark them with the British Bull Dog name. The term "bulldog revolver" became synonymous with large-caliber "snubnosed revolvers".
The Colt M1877 Double Action Revolver is a 6-shot, double-action revolver manufactured by Colt from January 1877 to 1909, a total of 166,849 revolvers. The Model 1877 was offered in three calibers, with three unofficial names: .32 Long Colt ("Rainmaker"), .38 Long Colt ("Lightning"), and .41 Long Colt ("Thunderer"). The M1877 was the first successful US-made double-action cartridge revolver. The M1877 was offered from the factory in two basic finishes: nickel-plated or a case-hardened frame with a blue barrel and cylinder. The revolver was available in and barrel lengths and was available with or without the ejector rod and housing. The shorter barreled versions without the ejector rod were marketed as "Shopkeeper's Special".
The Smith &amp; Wesson Safety Hammerless model was produced from 1887 to World War II. It is a small, concealable, 5-shot, double-action revolver chambered in either .32 S&amp;W or .38 S&amp;W. They were most often produced with , and barrels. These top-break revolvers were designed for fast reloading and concealed carry as the hammer was internal and would not snag on drawing the revolver from a pocket. The gun also had a grip safety. This design was known as "The New Departure" to reflect the company's new approach to designing revolvers. The design of these revolvers sacrifices accuracy and range in favor of maneuverability and concealment. Similar "hammerless" designs were made by manufacturers such as Iver Johnson and Harrington &amp; Richardson and proved popular for concealed carry.
The FitzGerald Special, "Fitz Special", or "Fitz Colt" is a snubnosed revolver concept that was designed by John Henry Fitzgerald (AKA: "Fitz"), an employee of Colt's Manufacturing Company from 1918 to 1944. Fitz Special revolvers are made by shortening the barrel to two inches, shortening the ejector rod, bobbing the hammer spur, removing the front half of the trigger guard, and rounding the butt. Reshaping the hammer and the butt allowed the gun to be drawn quickly with little risk of snagging on clothing. The halved trigger guard facilitates quick trigger acquisition, even for shooters with large fingers or gloves.
 Fitzgerald first came up with his concept sometime around the mid-1920s when he modified a .38 Special Colt Police Positive Special revolver, whose shortest available barrel length at the time was four inches. He later modified two .45 caliber Colt New Service revolvers in the same manner, and was known to carry the pair in his front pockets. The FitzGerald Special was the precursor of the modern snubnosed revolver and specifically was the prototype for the Colt Detective Special.
The Colt Detective Special is a carbon steel framed double-action, snubnosed, six-shot revolver. As the name "Detective Special" suggests, this model revolver was used as a concealed weapon by plainclothes police detectives. It was made with either a or a barrel. Introduced in 1927, the Detective Special was the first snubnosed revolver produced with a modern swing-out frame. It was designed from the outset to be chambered for higher-powered cartridges such as the .38 Special, considered to be a powerful caliber for a concealable pocket pistols of the day.
The Smith &amp; Wesson Model 10 or Military &amp; Police is a revolver of worldwide popularity. In production since 1899, it is a medium-sized, 6-shot, .38 Special, double-action revolver with fixed sights. Over its long production run it has been available with barrel lengths of , , and . With the first snubnosed models with barrel lengths of , , and being made in 1936. Over 6,000,000 Model 10s have been produced over the years, making it the most popular handgun of the 20th century.
The Smith &amp; Wesson Model 36 was designed in the era just after World War II when Smith &amp; Wesson stopped producing war materials and resumed normal production. For the Model 36, they designed a small concealable, 5-shot, double-action revolver with a barrel, that could fire the more powerful .38 Special cartridge. Since the older "Safety Hammerless" (I-frame) was not able to handle this load, a new frame was designed, which became the J-frame.
The new design was introduced at the International Association of Chiefs of Police (IACP) convention in 1950 and was favorably received. A vote was held to name the new revolver, and the name "Chiefs Special" won. A barreled version design went into production immediately, due to high demand. It was available in either a blued or nickel-plated finish. It was produced as the "Chiefs Special" until 1957 when it then became the Model 36. In 1951, Smith &amp; Wesson introduced the Airweight Model 37, which was basically the Model 36 design with an aluminum frame and cylinder. The aluminum cylinders proved to be problematic and were abandoned in favor of a steel cylinder. Smith &amp; Wesson also introduced the J-frame Smith &amp; Wesson Centennial (hammerless) models and Smith &amp; Wesson Bodyguard (shrouded hammer) models. In the 1990s, S&amp;W introduced 9mm Parabellum and .357 Magnum models. They also introduced new models using high-strength, lightweight metal alloys such as titanium and scandium.
The Colt Cobra is a lightweight, 21 oz aluminum-framed, 6-shot, double-action revolver most commonly produced with a barrel, not to be confused with the Colt King Cobra. The Cobra is chambered for .38 Special, .38 S&amp;W, .32 S&amp;W Long, and .22 LR. It was sold by Colt from 1950 until 1981. In December 2016, it was announced that Colt would be producing a new run of the Colt Cobra with a steel frame and a fiber optic front sight. This model was released in early 2017.
The Smith &amp; Wesson Model 12 is an aluminum alloy-frame version of the Model 10. It weighs 19 oz (524 g) unloaded. A 6-shot, .38 Special revolver was made from 1953 to 1986 in both and barrel configurations. The Model 12 was Smith &amp; Wesson's answer to the Colt Cobra. Early models used an aluminum cylinder as well as the frame. [The Colt version was the Colt M13 Aircrewman 1951-1957.]
Introduced in the early 1970s, the Model 15-2 became the best-selling Dan Wesson Firearms revolver model to go into production. This 6-shot, .357 Magnum revolver uses a unique interchangeable barrel system, including a snub nose barrel along with , , , , , and , partial or fully-lugged shrouds with choices of solid or ventilated ribs, plus removable and interchangeable front sights. The Model 15-2 could be ordered as "Pistol Pacs" with 4 (or more) barrel/shroud sets shipped inside a fiberglass briefcase with barrel changing tool and clearance gauges; however, most pistols were sold with only one barrel, with the buyers able to purchase other barrels later. All barrels and shrouds within a model series are compatible, thus a Model 15-2 frame from the 1970s may be equipped with a barrel from the 1990s and a shroud made in 2016. The 15-2 increased sales markedly over the earlier models and were often seen in use with both target shooters and hunters. Model 44s are large-frame models in .44 Magnum with interchangeable barrels, including a snubnose barrel.
Introduced in 1973, the Charter Arms Bulldog is a 5-shot, .44 Special or .45 Colt snubnosed revolver. It was a top-selling gun during the 1980s and is considered the company's trademark weapon. The Bulldog comes in multiple barrel lengths including , and . It has no sharp edges to contend with when carrying the weapon in a holster or a pocket. The Bulldog is a solid-framed traditional double-action revolver, the cylinder is opened by pushing a release slide on the left of the gun, or in the original model by pulling the ejector rod. It features a concave sight. Its trigger pull, in both single and double-action modes, is quite light. The Police Undercover model comes in .357 Magnum, while the Pittbull models come in .45 ACP, .40 S&amp;W, and 9×19mm Luger. Charter Arms also makes a variety of smaller-frame .38 Special snubnosed models known as the Undercover offered in standard, bobbed, shrouded, and hammerless models. Charter also produces the Mag Pug in .357 Magnum and .41 Remington Magnum.
The Taurus Model 85 is a small-frame, 5-shot, double-action revolver manufactured by the Brazilian firearm company Taurus International. Introduced in the 1980s, in the United States the guns are marketed for concealed carry and personal protection. The Model 85 is available with either or barrels, is capable of firing +P rated .38 Special rounds. The Model 85 is available in several configurations. These include blued steel, stainless steel, polymer frame, and "Ultra-Lite" variants constructed of aluminum and titanium, with steel lock-work components.
Much like Smith &amp; Wesson revolvers, Model 85s can come equipped as exposed, bobbed, shrouded, and hammerless models. However, there are a number of significant internal differences between the Taurus 85 and similar Smith &amp; Wesson revolvers. Because of these differences, Taurus has been able to keep costs relatively low. However, those same differences can make customization of the Model 85 more expensive. Taurus also makes a more powerful versions such as the Model 605 in .357 Magnum and the 9mm Parabellum Model 905.
In 1989, Smith &amp; Wesson began to make a series of snubnosed models of the S&amp;W Model 29, a large frame, six-shot, double-action revolver chambered for the .44 Magnum cartridge. The Backpacker with a barrel, and the Mountain Gun and the Trail Boss had barrels. These guns were designed to be "carried often and shot little".
The Ruger SP101 is a series of small-frame, double-action revolvers introduced in 1989 by the American company Sturm, Ruger as the smaller-frame counterpart to the GP100.. The SP101 is an all-steel-construction revolver with a spurred or spurless (double-action only) hammer. The SP-101 has barrel lengths of and . The .38 Special, .357 Magnum, and 9×19mm Parabellum models hold 5-shots, while the .327 Federal Magnum and .32 H&amp;R Magnum models hold 6-shots, and .22 LR model holds 8 shots.
The Smith &amp; Wesson Model 500 Emergency Survival is a large frame, 5-shot, barrel, .500 S&amp;W Magnum, double action revolver with blaze orange Hogue grips. The Model 500 was built on the entirely new X-Frame, which was developed exclusively to handle the muzzle velocity and pressures generated by firing the .500 Magnum cartridge. It is among the most powerful revolvers in the world since its original release in 2003, and is marketed as "the world's most powerful handgun" by the manufacturer. The Smith &amp; Wesson Model 460 Emergency Survival is essentially the same gun in .460 S&amp;W Magnum. It can also shoot .454 Casull and .45 Colt, and is easily identified by its neon yellow Hogue grips.
Introduced in 2005, the Ruger Alaskan is Ruger's first short-barreled, big-bore, six-shot, double-action revolver, intended for defense against large, dangerous animals. The barrel on the Alaskan ends at the end of the frame, and the scope bases are omitted. The interchangeable front sight is replaced with a pinned-in ramp sight, but the adjustable rear sight is retained. The Alaskan is available in .44 Magnum, .454 Casull/.45 Colt, and .480 Ruger, with the .480 model originally a 6-shot, replaced in 2008 with a 5-shot model to aid in spent cartridge extraction. All Alaskans feature a brushed stainless finish and a Hogue Tamer rubber finger groove grip, rather than the standard GP100 style. The .454 and .480 versions have an unfluted cylinder while the .44 Magnum features a fluted cylinder.
The Ruger LCR is a small, 5-shot, double-action revolver with a barrel, built by Ruger and announced in January 2009. LCR stands for 'Lightweight Compact Revolver'. It incorporates several novel features such as a polymer grip and trigger housing, monolithic receiver, and constant force trigger. At , the LCR is nearly 50% lighter than the stainless steel SP101 and only the barrel and fluted cylinder are made of stainless steel. The frame is aluminum alloy and synthetic glass-filled polymer finished in matte black with Synergistic Hard Coat. The LCR operates in double-action only (DAO) as the hammer is concealed within the frame handle's fire control housing and cannot be cocked prior to firing. In order to create a lighter trigger pull, it features a friction-reducing cam. The LCR-357 chambered for .357 Magnum. The Ruger LCR 22 an 8-shot .22 LR version. There are also a 6-shot .22 Winchester Magnum Rimfire and a .327 Federal Magnum versions, as well as 5-shot a clip-fed 9mm Luger version.
The Taurus Judge is a 5-shot, snubnosed (3-inch barrel), revolver introduced in 2006, by Taurus International, chambered for .410 bore shot shells and the .45 Colt cartridge. Taurus promotes the Judge as a self-defense tool against carjacking and for home protection.
The Smith &amp; Wesson Governor is a 6-shot, snubnosed (2.75-inch barrel), double-action revolver built on the Z-frame (a stretched N-frame) and utilizes a K-frame grip with a lightweight scandium alloy or stainless steel frame. Introduced in 2011, and similar to the Taurus Judge, the Governor can also fire -inch .410 shotgun shells, .45 Colt, and .45 ACP (with the use of supplied moon clips due to the lack of a rim on the auto pistol cartridges).
Accessories.
There is a range of aftermarket accessories available for the snubnosed revolvers, including grips, speedloaders, and holsters. There are also hammer shrouds and hammer shroud grips (Bianchi Lightning Grip) that convert standard exposed hammer revolvers to "bodyguard" models. The Pocket-Safe Hammer Shroud is a pop-on plastic device that covers the hammer, keeping it from snagging on clothing, and pops off when the trigger is pulled. There is a wide range of lasers available, with the Crimson Trace laser grips standing out among them. The Barami Hip-Grip is a "set of grips for revolvers with a paddle or wing added on the right-hand side. The wing hooks onto your belt and keeps the snubbie where you put it."

</doc>
<doc id="6983166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983166" title="Osmunda japonica">
Osmunda japonica

Osmunda japonica (syn. "Osmunda nipponica" ), also called Asian royal fern or fiddlehead, is a fern in the genus "Osmunda" native to east Asia, including Japan, China, Korea, Taiwan, and the far east of Russia on the island of Sakhalin. It is called "gobi" () in Korean, "zenmai" (; ) in Japanese, and "zǐqí" or "juécài" ( or ) in Chinese.
It is a deciduous herbaceous plant which produces separate fertile and sterile fronds. The sterile fronds are spreading, up to 80–100 cm tall, bipinnate, with pinnae 20–30 cm long and pinnules 4–6 cm long and 1.5–2 cm broad; the fertile fronds are erect and shorter, 20–50 cm tall.
It grows in moist woodlands and can tolerate open sunlight only if in very wet soil. Like other ferns, it has no flowers, but rather elaborate sporangia, that very superficially might suggest a flower, from which the alternative name derives.
Like its relative "Osmundastrum cinnamomeum" ("cinnamon fern"), the fertile fronds become brown-colored and contain spores. The sterile (vegetative) fronds resemble those of "Osmunda regalis" ("royal fern"), another relative of "O. japonica".
In some parts of China, Tibet, and Japan, the young fronds or fiddleheads of "O. japonica" are used as a vegetable. In Korea too, these young shoots are commonly used to make dishes like "namul".
"O. japonica" has also been shown to improve indoor air quality by significantly reducing of air toxins, specifically formaldehydes.

</doc>
<doc id="6983172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983172" title="CKSR-FM">
CKSR-FM

CKSR-FM (98.3 MHz "Star 98.3") is a Canadian radio station located in Chilliwack, British Columbia. The station, operating at 2,100 watts of power, is owned by Rogers Radio, a division of Rogers Sports &amp; Media. CKSR also runs a repeater station in Hope (CFSR-FM 100.5).
History.
Early years and CBC affiliation.
CKSR began broadcasting on June 27, 1927, as CHWK (which stood for CHilliWacK), airing for two hours a day (noon-1 p.m. and 6-7 p.m.) at its original frequency of 1210 AM with transmission power of 5 watts. The station had been started up by original owners, radio set salesmen Casey Wells and Jack Menzies, as a response to the problems Chilliwack residents had with picking up radio signals from Vancouver due to the area's mountainous terrain and the less-sophisticated radio receivers of the time. During CHWK's early years, there were some days when the station would not go on the air if Wells and Menzies were busy selling radios; this was eventually remedied in 1929 when Jack Pilling was hired on to help run station operations.
CHWK moved to 665 AM and increased power to 100 watts in 1930, and Wells bought Menzies' ownership stake in the station in 1933, with programming geared toward the Chilliwack area's farmers. CHWK became a charter affiliate of the Canadian Radio Broadcasting Commission upon the network's formation in 1932 and later became the local affiliate when the CRBC reorganized as the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation in 1936. The station switched frequencies again to 780 AM in 1937 and increased power to 250 watts the following year. In 1940, Pilling acquired half-ownership of the station, which changed over to 1340 AM in 1941. The original CBC Radio became known as the Trans-Canada Network on January 2, 1944, when its new sister network, the Dominion Network, went on the air, and CHWK became a charter affiliate of the Dominion Network at that time.
Fraser Valley Radio.
CHWK made further frequency switches over time, to 1230 AM on April 14, 1951, then to 1270 AM (with a power increase to 1000 watts) in 1952. In 1957, Fraser Valley Broadcasters Ltd. was established as the owner of CHWK, with Jack Pilling as the new company's largest shareholder. The station's power was increased to 10,000 watts in 1960. On August 20, 1962, Fraser Valley Broadcasters established CFVR in Abbotsford as a semi-satellite of CHWK, operating on 1240 AM with 250 watts of power; CFVR initially broadcast separately 6 to 9 a.m. and during the noon hour, while the balance of its programming came from Chilliwack With the move from the Park Hotel to new studios separate programming was expanded to 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. With the establishment of CFVR, Fraser Valley Broadcasters formed the regional radio network Fraser Valley Radio with CHWK and CFVR as its founding stations. Pilling retired as the majority owner and president of Fraser Valley Broadcasters in 1963.
Also, in 1962, the Dominion Network dissolved and CHWK's affiliation transferred to the main CBC Radio network.
In 1966, CHWK and CFVR parent Fraser Valley Broadcasters was under the ownership of Murdo Maclachlan, Bill Wolfe, and Bill Teetzel when Dennis Barkman purchased a ⅓ interest in the company by acquiring Teetzel's shares, with an option on the remaining shares of Maclachlan and Wolfe. By selling his interest to five employees; Ken Davis, Gerald Pash, Harold Roberts, Eugene Ross, and Bob Singleton, Barkman acquired the interest of MacLachlan and Wolfe and became the majority owner in 1969. Operational responsibilities were divided at both stations. At CHWK Harold Roberts was appointed program manager, Ken Davis as Sales Manager and Gene Ross as Commercial Manager. At CFVR Gerald Pash was a sales manager and Bob Singleton program manager. On May 8, 1972, CHWK got a second rebroadcaster when CKGO went on the air in Hope at 1490 AM with 250 watts, airing two hours of local programming a day with the rest from CHWK. Peter Slack was the first manager at CKGO. He died March 27, 2010, at age 60. Casey Wells, one of the co-founders of CHWK, died in Chilliwack on November 11, 1976, at age 74.
In February 1977, CFVR moved to 850 AM and increased its power to 10,000 watts, while CKGO later took over CFVR's old 1240 frequency and made a power increase to 1000 watts in the daytime, remaining at 250 at night. Jack Pilling, the former president and majority owner of Fraser Valley Broadcasters, died on July 16, 1977, at age 69. In June 1981, CHWK, CFVR and CKGO dropped their CBC affiliations when CBC set up CBYF-FM, a Chilliwack repeater station of CBU.
Original Star FM and the sale to Rogers.
Bill Coombes took over from Dennis Barkman as the president of Fraser Valley Broadcasters in 1986. On October 1 that year, Fraser Valley Broadcasters put the original CKSR-FM (also identified on-air as "Star FM") on the air at 107.5 in Chilliwack, with a repeater station (originally called CFSR-FM) in Abbotsford at 104.9, broadcasting a mixed adult contemporary/easy listening format.
On June 25, 1994, CFVR discontinued its adult contemporary format for oldies music and changed its call sign to CKMA (adopting the on-air brand "85 Radio MAX"). Dennis Barkman, who had relinquished his interests in Fraser Valley Broadcasters some years earlier, died on March 11, 1995, of a brain tumour at the age of 62. CHWK and CKGO later began simulcasting CKMA (with CKMA's on-air brand being shortened to simply "Radio MAX" as all three stations adopted it as a common brand) on September 8, 1997. In August 1999, Rogers Communications bought Fraser Valley Broadcasters and its stations. On December 31, 1999, at 5 p.m., CKSR/CFSR changed its call letters to CKVX-FM (eventually to become CKCL-FM on April 8, 2004).
Switch to FM.
On June 9, 2000, the CRTC gave approval to CHWK to switch to FM, to operate at 98.3 MHz. In preparation for the switch, in September that year, CHWK, CKMA, and CKGO changed call signs as well as CHWK adopted the old CKSR name, while CKMA became CFSR and CKGO changed to CKIS. On December 15, CKIS was approved to move to FM at 100.5, and CFSR got the green light on June 5, 2001, to move to 107.1 FM. On August 31, 2001, the switch took place as the stations (with CKSR as the originating broadcaster) adopted the on-air brand "98.3 Star FM" and dropped their oldies format for adult contemporary; their old AM frequencies would continue simulcasting CKSR until December. Former CHWK co-owner Murdo Maclachlan died on July 8, 2003, in North Vancouver at age 93. CFSR ceased rebroadcasting CKSR on March 24, 2005, at noon as it became CKQC-FM, airing a separate schedule of contemporary country music, while the CFSR calls were transferred to CKIS. Bill Wolfe, another former co-owner of CHWK, died on June 1, 2005, at the age of 77.
In an announcement made in 2007, the historic CHWK call letters were planned to be brought back by Manitoba-based Golden West Broadcasting, which had applied to the CRTC for a licence for an FM station in Chilliwack, to operate on 89.5 FM if the application was successful. The application by Golden West Broadcasting was denied by the CRTC on May 30, 2008, in favor of an application by Radio CJVR Ltd. (later called Fabmar Communications Ltd., the owner of Melfort, Saskatchewan, station CJVR-FM, since acquired by the Jim Pattison Group), which began using the CHWK calls for its new station when it went on the air with a test signal on February 11, 2009, then officially launched on Friday, February 20 at 12:05pm.
In 2011, CKSR changed its branding slightly to "Star 98.3". The station also changed its logo.
Rebroadcasters.
In 1980, CKGO added a rebroadcast transmitter at Boston Bar as CKGO-FM-1. It was later changed to CFSR-FM-1 at 106.1 MHz until it was deleted from the ISEDC database in 2018.
Other stations named CKSR.
CKSR called letters for the student radio station for the University of Alberta starting in 1970 (The "SR" stood for "Student Radio"). The station was renamed to CJSR in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="6983173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983173" title="Rosamunde (Schubert)">
Rosamunde (Schubert)



</doc>
<doc id="6983182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983182" title="Frans De Mulder">
Frans De Mulder

Frans De Mulder (17 December 1937 in Kruishoutem – 5 March 2001 in Deinze) was a professional road racing cyclist from Belgium between 1958 and 1963.
De Mulder is most famous for winning the overall title and four stages the 1960 Vuelta a España. He bested fellow countryman Armand Desmet and Spaniard Miguel Pacheco across 3566 km in 17 stages.

</doc>
<doc id="6983186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983186" title="Nikolai Strahov">
Nikolai Strahov



</doc>
<doc id="6983193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983193" title="Horse McDonald">
Horse McDonald

Horse McDonald (born Sheena Mary McDonald, 22 November 1958) is an iconic Scottish singer-songwriter.
"One of the finest singers in Govan” - Q Magazine
Her voice has been described as 'a finely honed instrument', together with 'breathtaking stagecraft'. Her music is both moving and uplifting, the audience are totally absorbed whenever she performs.
Career.
McDonald was born on 22 November 1958 in Newport on Tay, Fife, Scotland.
In the 1980s, she toured with Tina Turner and BB King. 
She has been performing with her band since 1990 and has nine studio albums to date.
McDonald toured in March 2011, playing an acoustic set.
McDonald appeared on the 2012 charity single 'It Does Get Better' created by The L Project. The single benefitted LGBT charities and was written in response to the suicide of LGBT teenagers.
She performed a one-off show at the Barrowland, Glasgow 2 March 2013 with the Scottish Chamber Orchestra to celebrate the twentieth anniversary of the "God's Home Movie" album and the release of her ninth studio album, "HOME".
In January 2013 she married her long-term partner, Alanna, in Lanark, where she lived as a teenager. 
In 2017, she was inducted into the Saltire Society Outstanding Women of Scotland.
Her portrait was painted by Roxana Halls in 2019. It was acquired by the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, where it now hangs.
Discography.
Singles.
Solo:

</doc>
<doc id="6983194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983194" title="Wbut">
Wbut



</doc>
<doc id="6983197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983197" title="Three-level diamond interchange">
Three-level diamond interchange

A three-level diamond interchange is a type of highway interchange where through traffic on both main roads is grade-separated from intersections which handle transferring traffic. It is similar in design to a three-level stacked roundabout except for its use of (usually signalled) conventional intersections, and can be thought of as two diamond interchanges fused together.
Road enthusiasts sometimes use the terms volleyball interchange or split-level diamond interchange to refer to these interchanges.
Description.
In a three-level diamond interchange, the two main roads are on separate levels, and on a third level, usually in the middle, there is a square of one-way roads. The square circulates clockwise where traffic drives on the left, or anticlockwise where it drives on the right. At each corner of the square is the terminal of an exit ramp from one main road and an entrance ramp to the other main road.
Traffic transferring from one road to the other to make an overall right turn only passes through one corner of the square, at which point a right turn is made. Transfer traffic making an overall left turn must proceed straight through the first intersection it encounters, turn left at the next, and then proceed straight through a third intersection to enter the other main roadway.
Its two-level variant is the split diamond interchange.
Its at-grade variant is the town center intersection (TCI).
Examples.
Many examples of this interchange type can also be found in Texas; however, the interchanges almost always include the frontage roads as well. If the traffic amounts increase, the interchange is usually converted into a stack interchange, also as the second level of the High Five Interchange.

</doc>
<doc id="6983208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983208" title="Babylonian Captivity of the Papacy">
Babylonian Captivity of the Papacy



</doc>
<doc id="6983215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983215" title="Y100">
Y100

Y100 or Y-100 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6983217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983217" title="Sherman Arcade">
Sherman Arcade

The Sherman Arcade is located at 228 Harrison Avenue, Panama City, Bay County, Florida.
Constructed in 1934, the two-story masonry vernacular arcade has Mission Revival elements, and is of brick construction surfaced with stucco.
It was built by Panama City businessman W. C. Sherman. He used wood salvaged from the old German American Lumber Company and bricks from his dry kiln in Millville.
It was gutted and restored to its original design in 2003.
It houses retail businesses on the first floor and residential apartments on the second floor.
On September 9, 1998, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6983226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983226" title="Sandra mccracken">
Sandra mccracken



</doc>
<doc id="6983230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983230" title="Salvidor Dali">
Salvidor Dali



</doc>
<doc id="6983235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983235" title="Jester (Quality Comics)">
Jester (Quality Comics)

Jester (Charles "Chuck" Lane) is a character, a Golden Age superhero created by Paul Gustavson and published by Quality Comics. He first appeared in "Smash Comics" #22 (May 1941). Like most of Quality's characters, the Jester was later purchased by DC Comics and incorporated into their universe. Though little used by the company, he appeared in "All-Star Squadron" #31 and #60 and "Starman" #46. The character's last Golden Age appearance was in "Smash Comics" #85 (Oct 1949).
Fictional character biography.
Rookie cop Chuck Lane learns that he is a direct descendant of a medieval court jester. Because of this, and the fact that he feels he is not doing enough good as a cop alone, he becomes a colorfully costumed adventurer known as the "Jester". The Jester is a comical crime fighter who makes laughing-stocks out of the criminals he fights. He is known to be an unpredictable hero whose eerie laugh and jingling bells are an ominous sign to his enemies. His costume is worn under his police uniform.
According to "Jess Nevins' Encyclopedia of Golden Age Superheroes", "most of the Jester's enemies are ordinary humans, but there is the occasional name villain like the stoic gangster Stoneface and the femme fatale Lady Satan".
The Jester becomes a member of both the All-Star Squadron and Uncle Sam's Freedom Fighters. His last recorded mission is in 1952, and sometime after that he gives up being the Jester to become a normal cop again.
In modern times, an aged Jester is the head of a group of patriotic radicals known as The Arcadians, seeking to "cleanse" America of its "corrupt" governments. To this end, he has his underlings (among whom is his grandson, Charles, who has taken on his costumed identity) kidnap the Vice President and his wife, with the ransom being the recovering of mystical artifacts by the Freedom Fighters. When government agents track the group's communications to Lane's home, he sets off powerful explosives, killing the agents and himself along with them.
Powers and abilities.
The Jester is an Olympic-level athlete and a skilled hand-to-hand combatant and detective. In later appearances, he possesses a small flying sphere with a smiling face and handles on the side called "Quinopolis".
In other media.
The Jester appears in "", voiced by James Patrick Stuart. This version is a heroic, alternate universe variant of the Joker and member of his Earth's Justice League. While helping Lex Luthor procure a device capable of sending its owner to other dimensions, the Jester sacrifices himself to impede the Crime Syndicate.

</doc>
<doc id="6983236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983236" title="St. Andrew School">
St. Andrew School

The St. Andrew School (also known as the St. Andrew Grammar School) is a historic site in Panama City, Florida. It is located at 3001 West 15th Street. On August 14, 1997, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was constructed in 1926 and served as a Bay County school until Hurricane Michael left the school beyond a financially profitable state of disrepair.

</doc>
<doc id="6983243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983243" title="Carl Bart">
Carl Bart



</doc>
<doc id="6983257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983257" title="Carrol Alley">
Carrol Alley



</doc>
<doc id="6983263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983263" title="Days to Come (album)">
Days to Come (album)

Days to Come is the third studio album by British musician Bonobo. It was released on 2 October 2006 on the Ninja Tune independent record label.
It has been released in two versions a standard 1-disc edition (ZENCD119) and a limited edition (ZENCD119X) with a second disc containing instrumental versions of the album's vocal tracks.
Track listing.
Tracks 1, 4, 5, 7, 8 and 11 are written and performed by Simon Green; others are credited as is.
Use in media.
The track "Ketto" featured in "Skins" and was also used in the advertisement for the launch of the Citroën C4 Picasso in 2007. "Nightlite" appeared on "UEFA Champions League 2006–2007", and "Recurring" was used in a surfing film broadcast on Fuel TV.
"Hatoa" uses samples from the Pentangle song "Light Flight".
"If You Stayed Over" is featured in the episode "The Economist" of "LOST".
Awards.
The album was voted Album of the Year in the 2006 Worldwide Awards on Gilles Peterson's BBC Radio 1 show.
In 2012 it was awarded a silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association, which indicated sales of at least 20,000 copies throughout Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="6983264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983264" title="Latimer Cabin">
Latimer Cabin

The Latimer Cabin is a historic site in Panama City Beach, Florida. It is located at the northeast shore of Powell Lake. On September 15, 2004, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6983273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983273" title="Central bank of Montenegro">
Central bank of Montenegro



</doc>
<doc id="6983278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983278" title="Dr. Kwesi Botchwey">
Dr. Kwesi Botchwey



</doc>
<doc id="6983287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983287" title="Jason (South Park)">
Jason (South Park)



</doc>
<doc id="6983294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983294" title="Matt Barr">
Matt Barr

Matthew Jerome Barr (born February 14, 1984) is an American actor, best-known as Johnson "Johnse" Hatfield in "Hatfields &amp; McCoys" (2012), Danny McNamara in the CBS/Paramount+ action–adventure television series "Blood &amp; Treasure" (2019–2022), and Hoyt Rawlins in "Walker" (2021–2024) and its prequel "" (2022–2023).
Barr also played Mike Fleming in "Commander in Chief" (2005), Ian Banks in "One Tree Hill" (2006–2007), Christopher Sullivan in the mystery-horror limited series "Harper's Island" (2009), and Dan Patch in The CW series "Hellcats" (2010–2011).
Early life.
Matthew Jerome Barr was born on February 14, 1984, in Allen, Texas, a suburb of Dallas, to Mike Barr, a former football coach at Purdue University and Southern Methodist University, who is now in the real estate business, and DeDe Barr, a portrait artist. Barr has a younger brother, Luke, and sister, Sara. When Barr was in fourth grade, his family moved to Fairview, Texas, another Dallas suburb. Barr's paternal grandfather, Jerome Barr, was born Barzilauskas/Barziloski; a generational name to the Lithuanian surname Bardzilauskas. 
Barr was active in the Allen High School theater program, and had major roles in many school plays and musical theater productions. This included the role of Tommy in Meredith Willson's "The Music Man", and a court jester in the school's madrigal dinner.
While a high school senior, Barr learned that Richard Linklater was planning a film about football in Austin, "Friday Night Lights". He auditioned for a role. Although this movie ended up being put on hold for another two years and Linklater was replaced by Peter Berg as director, Barr made some favorable impressions. Producer Ann Walker Mclay, Linklater, and collaborator and director Clark Lee Walker offered him the lead role in their film "Levelland" that was being shot in Austin in the late spring and early summer of 2002.
Half a year after the filming of "Levelland" ended, in January 2003, Barr moved to Los Angeles, where his first acting job was a scene on the television show "ER".
Career.
Some of Barr's roles include playing Ian Banks, Peyton Sawyer's (played by Hilarie Burton) stalker on "One Tree Hill". Barr has also portrayed guest and recurring roles on popular television series "ER", "Bones", "The O.C." and "Commander in Chief". He starred as David Stanley in the direct to DVD film "Protecting the King" as Elvis Presley's youngest step-brother. Barr appeared in the 2008 film "The House Bunny" as Tyler, one of the university students.
He portrayed David "Puck" Rainey, one of the alumni of ', in "Pedro", Nick Oceano's 2008 biographical film on the life of AIDS educator Pedro Zamora. In 2009, Barr co-starred in the mystery/horror miniseries "Harper's Island" as Christopher "Sully" Sullivan. Between 2009 and 2010, he guest starred in many TV series, such as "Castle", "Trauma", "Friday Night Lights", and '.
Barr was cast as a series regular in the CW series "Hellcats", playing Dan Patch, in 2010. The series premiered on September 8, 2010. However, after one season the series was cancelled. He had a role as Billy "The Kid" Rhodes on the USA Network series "Necessary Roughness" in 2011. In 2012, Barr assumed a leading role, starring in the Kevin Costner miniseries "Hatfields &amp; McCoys" for the History Channel. He portrayed Johnson "Johnse" Hatfield, who fell in love with Roseanna McCoy. In 2013, he portrayed Christopher Porco in the TV movie "Romeo Killer: The Chris Porco Story".
In 2014, Barr appeared in a recurring role on "Sleepy Hollow" as Nick Hawley in season 2.

</doc>
<doc id="6983310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983310" title="Gravedigger (song)">
Gravedigger (song)

"Gravedigger" is a song by Dave Matthews from his debut solo album, "Some Devil". This was the first solo single released by Matthews away from the Dave Matthews Band, and it won a Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance at the 46th Grammy Awards held in February 2004. The song has been performed live by Dave Matthews (solo), by Dave Matthews with Tim Reynolds, at Dave Matthews &amp; Friends concerts, and occasionally as an acoustic solo by Matthews during Dave Matthews Band shows. During the Dave Matthews Band's tours in 2008 and 2009, it was played regularly by the full band.
Matthews said about the song:
"It's kind of these different stories that are brought together by walking through a graveyard with their names and the dates of their births and their deaths, and the stories that came out of their lives. It's sort of just telling those stories and some others as you wander through a graveyard and what you might think if you could walk into the graves and find out what people went through to get there."
There was also an acoustic version of the song on the album "Some Devil". The song began as an intro played twice solo by Matthews at full-band DMB shows in the spring of 2002, before debuting as a full solo song in the same tour. In the original "Gravedigger Intro" version, only two people are mentioned: Merrill Lee (1905–1969) and Robert John Smith.
Music video.
A music video was produced for the song, directed by Mark Pellington. While filming the video in Montana, Matthews lost his wedding band in the grave, though it was eventually recovered.
In popular culture.
Willie Nelson did his own version of the song that appeared on the 2008 album "Moment of Forever".
The song was also used in the second episode of the ABC series "FlashForward".

</doc>
<doc id="6983311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983311" title="American working class">
American working class



</doc>
<doc id="6983313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983313" title="Counties of Hawaii">
Counties of Hawaii



</doc>
<doc id="6983317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983317" title="UTech">
UTech



</doc>
<doc id="6983319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983319" title="Woking clas majority">
Woking clas majority



</doc>
<doc id="6983329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983329" title="Working class majority">
Working class majority



</doc>
<doc id="6983358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983358" title="Dysnomia">
Dysnomia

Dysnomia can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6983363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983363" title="Slawomir Idziak">
Slawomir Idziak



</doc>
<doc id="6983367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983367" title="Colt Detective Special">
Colt Detective Special

The Colt Detective Special is a six-shot, carbon steel framed, or barreled, double-action revolver, and the first example of a class of firearms known as "snubnose revolvers". 
History.
The Fitz Special.
John Henry Fitzgerald, an employee of Colt Firearms from 1918 to 1944, first came up with the Fitz Special concept around the mid-1920s based on a .38 Special Colt Police Positive Special revolver. 
The Detective Special.
Colt was so impressed with the Fitz Special that they decided to produce a sightly less radical version, the Detective Special. 
It is simply a shortened and somewhat streamlined Colt Police Positive Special. The Detective Special proved to be an instant success and was made until 1996.
In 1996, lackluster sales saw the elimination of the Detective Special from the product line.
Design.
The Detective Special uses a slightly smaller frame than the Colt Official Police or Smith &amp; Wesson Model 10 (K-Frame) revolvers, but is larger than the five-shot Smith &amp; Wesson Model 36/Model 38/Model 42 (J-frame) revolvers.
Colt's Detective Special went through several issues or series. 
First Series.
The First Series was produced from 1927 to 1946. Compared to later production models, the First Series used a narrower frame, with reduced clearance between the frontstrap of the gripframe and the rear of the trigger guard. 
Other distinctive features included a shorter ejector rod with an ungrooved, knurled tip; a checkered hammer spur and cylinder latch, a "half-moon"–shaped front sight, and an overlapping screw and locking pin set-up on the right side of the frame. Grip panels were wooden. 
A rounded butt on the metal frame became standard in 1933, but pieces with the original square butt (like that of the Police Positive Special) continued to be produced into the 1940s.
Second Series.
The Second Series ran from 1947 to 1972. The ejector-rod was longer and had a groove in its knurled tip; a three-inch-barrel variant was offered, with a yet longer ejector rod. The cylinder latch was smooth, and the trigger spur serrated. 
The right side frame screw has no locking pin, and the rear half of the front sight is a serrated ramp. The grip panels were plastic in 1947, but were changed back to wood starting in 1955 (first with a silver-tone Colt medallion, and later a gold-tone).
An optional hammer shroud was available from the factory to prevent the hammer from catching on clothing.
Transition from the First to Second Series was gradual, with some post-WWII Second Series guns retaining short ejector rods and checkered hammers. Because of this, assigning a given revolver to a particular issue is best done by serial number.
During the 1960s, the grip frame of the Second Series Detective Special was shortened, matching that of Colt's other snub-nosed pistols, the Cobra and Agent. 
Despite this alteration, the Detective Special's overall grip size remained unchanged, as Colt fitted the Second Series with new, lengthened gripstocks that extended below the frame.
Third Series.
The Third Series ran from 1973 to 1986. A new shroud extended down from the barrel, enclosing and protecting the ejector rod, and the front sight was changed to a full ramp. New, oversize wood gripstocks were introduced that covered the front frame strap. 
The Third Series featured improvements to the revolver's internal lockwork as well. As with the previous two Series models, a few nickel-plated guns were produced, and a barrel variant was again offered. In 1986, facing stagnant sales numbers as well as rising production and labor costs, Colt discontinued production of the Detective Special.
Colt filed for bankruptcy protection in 1992. After reorganization, the company restarted production of the Detective Special in 1992. 
Fourth Series.
The post-1991 Detective Special is sometimes called the Fourth Series, and featured "composite" (rubber), wrap-around grips with a gold medallion. Only a two-inch barrel was offered, in blue or hard chrome finish. The new production run continued only until 1996, when Colt introduced its stainless-steel SF-VI as a replacement for the Detective Special.
SF-VI/DS-II.
In 1997, Colt released the "SF-VI/DS-II" (Small Frame, 6 round/Detective Special 2) is a Detective Special with a stainless steel frame and simplified for easier manufacturing in both .38 Special and .357 Magnum. 
In 1999, the .357 Magnum version of the SF-VI/DS-II was renamed the "Colt Magnum Carry", this model was only produced for a year before the entire production of Colt revolvers (excluding the Colt Python) ceased in 2000, ultimately ending the DS line.
Safety.
From its introduction, the Detective Special used Colt's Positive Safety Lock (hammer block), first featured on the Police Positive. 
The mechanism interposes a bar between hammer and frame until the trigger is pulled, preventing accidental discharge if the hammer is struck (e.g., if a dropped gun falls onto its hammer) with the trigger forward. 
Calibers and finishes.
The Detective Special was initially available in both bright blued and nickel finishes; a stainless steel finish replaced the nickeled option during the Fourth Series. 
For the Second Series, caliber options were .32 New Police, .38 New Police, and .38 Special; only .38 Special was offered for the other Series models. 
The standard barrel length was , but also a (rare) barrel was offered during the Second and Third Series.
Ammunition.
Interest has arisen over the use of higher-pressure (+P) .38 Special ammunition in the Detective Special. 
In their more recent owners manuals, Colt authorized limited use of +P ammunition in steel-framed revolvers (including earlier versions), citing 2000 to 3000 rounds before recommending the gun be returned to the factory for inspection. 
Many believe that this was due to potential liability rather than engineering requirements, as the standard pressure ammunition of yesteryear was about the same pressure as modern +P ammunition. 
SAAMI lowered the pressures in 1972.
Variants.
Banker's Special.
One early variant based on the DS frame was the Colt "Banker's Special". 
First produced in 1928, it was chambered in .38 Colt New Police (.38 S&amp;W) and .22 Long Rifle. Few were made, particularly in .22LR caliber. 
The "Banker's Special" was popular with railway clerks, who often carried them on mail and parcel freight trains prior to World War II. 
During World War II production was discontinued, and the type was not revived following the war's end.
Commando Special.
The Colt "Commando Special" was a version of the Detective Special with a matte finish and rubber grips; produced from 1984 to 1986, it was chambered in .38 Special and weighed .
DAO Detective Special.
During the Fourth Series production run of 1992 to 1996, Colt offered the Detective Special with an optional de-spurred 'bobbed' hammer and double action only lockwork, direct from the factory. 
The DAO or 'Bobbed Hammer' Detective Special was otherwise the same as the standard Fourth Series Detective Special.
Legacy.
Design.
Introduced in 1927, the Detective Special was the first short-barreled revolver produced with a modern swing-out frame. 
It was designed from the outset to be chambered for higher-powered cartridges such as the .38 Special, considered to be a powerful caliber for a concealable pocket revolver of the day. 
Usage.
Due to the good concealment qualities of the revolver, the Colt Detective Special was used as a weapon mostly by plainclothes police detectives, though it was also a popular off duty and backup firearm for uniformed police officers. 
The Colt Detective Special was a popular weapon before the semi-automatic pistol replaced the revolver in many police departments, government agencies, and militaries. 
Collection.
First and early Second Series Detective Specials are becoming highly sought after by collectors, particularly if they are in prime condition and still have the famous Colt "Royal Blue" finish.

</doc>
<doc id="6983373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983373" title="Albert Guay affair">
Albert Guay affair



</doc>
<doc id="6983390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983390" title="Robert Hudson (Prison Break character)">
Robert Hudson (Prison Break character)



</doc>
<doc id="6983395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983395" title="Fairmont Park">
Fairmont Park



</doc>
<doc id="6983396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983396" title="Westminister Muniments">
Westminister Muniments



</doc>
<doc id="6983406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983406" title="Perineal membrane">
Perineal membrane

The perineal membrane is an anatomical term for a fibrous membrane in the perineum. The term "inferior fascia of urogenital diaphragm", used in older texts, is considered equivalent to the perineal membrane.
It is the superior border of the superficial perineal pouch, and the inferior border of the deep perineal pouch.
Structure.
The perineal membrane is triangular in shape. It attaches to both ischiopubic rami of the pelvis. It also attaches to the perineal body. 
Female.
The perineal membrane has two distinct portions that span the opening of the anterior pelvic outlet. 
The "ventral" (anterior) portion is associated with the compressor urethra and urethrovaginal sphincter muscles (previously called deep transverse perineal muscles), and is continuous with the insertion of the arcus tendineus fascia pelvis. The apex is separated from the arcuate pubic ligament by an oval opening for the transmission of the deep dorsal vein of the clitoris. 
The "dorsal" (posterior) portion consists of a sheet of dense fibrous tissue that attaches laterally to the ishiopubic rami and medially to the distal third of the vagina and to the perineal body.
The perineal membrane provides support to the distal vagina and urethra by attaching these structures to the bony pelvis. 
Male.
Its apex is directed forward, and is separated from the arcuate pubic ligament by an oval opening for the transmission of the deep dorsal vein of the penis 
Its lateral margins are attached on either side to the inferior rami of the pubis and ischium, above the crus penis.
Its base is directed toward the rectum, and connected to the central tendinous point of the perineum. The base is fused with both the pelvic fascia and Colle's fascia.
Relations.
It is continuous with the deep layer of the superficial fascia behind the superficial transverse perineal muscle, and with the inferior layer of the diaphragmatic part of the pelvic fascia.
Perforations.
Females.
The vagina, including the opening of the urethra, divides the perineal membrane into two halves. The artery to the bulb of the vestibule originates from the perineal artery and pierces the perineal membrane to travel towards the vestibule of the vagina. The deep and dorsal artery of clitoris are the two terminal branches of the internal pudendal artery which pierce the perineal membrane to supply the clitoris.
Males.
In males, it is perforated, about 2-3 cm below the pubic symphysis, by the urethra. The bulbourethral glands are present on either side of the membranous urethra and their ducts pierce the perineal membrane posterolateral to the urethra. The deep and dorsal artery of the penis arises from the internal pudendal artery and penetrates the perineal membrane to enter the corpora cavernosa in the crus of the penis. 
Contents.
If the inferior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm is detached on either side, the following structures will be seen between it and the superior fascia: 

</doc>
<doc id="6983415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983415" title="Hollister brothers">
Hollister brothers

The Hollister brothers were three sailors in the United States Navy during World War II, who were killed in 1943. Unlike the Sullivan brothers, they were not all in the same unit.
Lyle Eugene Hollister, born 6 July 1923 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, enlisted in the Navy on 26 March 1941 at Minneapolis, Minn. Radioman Second Class Hollister first served in "Prairie" (AD-15) before being assigned to "Plunkett" (DD-431) and "Relief" (AH-1). After duty at the Naval Station Key West, Hollister was reassigned to "Plunkett". He was reported missing in action as result of an engagement of "Plunkett" with enemy aircraft during the assault on Anzio, September 1943.
Two years younger than their brother, twins William Howard Hollister and Richard Jerome Hollister were born 22 November 1925 at Sioux Falls, South Dakota. They enlisted in the Navy 2 March 1943 at Minneapolis. Both were serving in "Liscome Bay" (CVE-56) when that carrier was torpedoed in the Gilbert Islands area 24 November 1943. William died from wounds received in this action; Richard was reported missing and presumed dead.
All three brothers were posthumously awarded the Purple Heart.
Namesake.
In 1945, the destroyer USS "Hollister" (DD-788) was named in their honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6983416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983416" title="Signal Corps in the American Civil War">
Signal Corps in the American Civil War

The Signal Corps in the American Civil War comprised two organizations: the U.S. Army Signal Corps, which began with the appointment of Major Albert J. Myer as its first signal officer just before the war and remains an entity to this day, and the Confederate States Army Signal Corps, a much smaller group of officers and men, using similar organizations and techniques as their Union opponents. Both accomplished tactical and strategic communications for the warring armies, including electromagnetic telegraphy and aerial telegraphy ("wig-wag" signaling). Although both services had an implicit mission of battlefield observation, intelligence gathering, and artillery fire direction from their elevated signal stations, the Confederate Signal Corps also included an explicit espionage function.
The Union Signal Corps, although effective on the battlefield, suffered from political disputes in Washington, D.C., particularly in its rivalry with the civilian-led U.S. Military Telegraph Corps. Myer was relieved of his duties as chief signal officer by Secretary of War Edwin M. Stanton for his attempts to control all electromagnetic telegraphy within the Signal Corps. He was not restored to his role as chief signal officer until after the war.
U.S. Army (Union) Signal Corps.
First chief signal officer.
The "father" of the U.S. Army Signal Corps was Major Albert J. Myer, an Army surgeon with an interest in communications by sign language for the deaf and then in signaling over long distances with lightweight and simple to use equipment. He invented a signaling system using a flag (or a kerosene torch for nighttime use) that is known as wig-wag signaling, or aerial telegraphy. Unlike semaphore flag signaling, which employed two flags, signal wig-wag required only one, using a binary code to represent each letter of the alphabet or digit. Myer was serving at Fort Duncan, Texas, in 1856 when he wrote to Secretary of War Jefferson Davis and offered his signaling system to the War Department. Although the chief engineer of the Army, Colonel Joseph G. Totten, supported Myer's proposal, it did not include specific technical details and Davis rejected it. When John B. Floyd replaced Davis as secretary of war in 1857, Totten reintroduced Myer's proposal, and in March 1859, a board of examination was formed in Washington, D.C. The board, presided over by Lt. Col. Robert E. Lee, was not enthusiastic about the proposal, judging it suitable only as a secondary means of communications over short distances, but it did recommend further testing.
Myer began testing in April 1859 at Fort Monroe, Virginia, and then New York Harbor, West Point, New York, and Washington, D.C. One of Myer's principal assistants was Second Lieutenant Edward Porter Alexander, the future Confederate signal, engineer, and artillery officer. They were able to communicate at distances up to 15 miles and Myer reported to the War Department that the tests had "exceeded anticipation." He recommended that the Army adopt his signaling system and that he should be placed in charge of it.
On March 29, 1860, the United States House of Representatives approved the Army appropriations bill for fiscal year 1861, which included the following amendment:
The United States Senate eventually approved the appropriations bill, over the objections of Jefferson Davis, now Senator from Mississippi, and President James Buchanan signed it into law on June 21, 1860, the date now celebrated as the birthday of the modern U.S. Army Signal Corps. Myer's appointment as the first signal officer with the rank of major was confirmed by the Senate on June 27. However, the appropriations bill provided for no personnel to work for Myer and the Signal Corps as a formal organization would not be authorized until March 1863.
Immediately before the war, Myer was assigned to the Department of New Mexico to test his signals in the field during a campaign against the Navajos. In that assignment, he was assisted by Second Lieutenant William J. L. Nicodemus, who would later succeed him as chief signal officer. Field testing proceeded successfully, and won the admiration of Major Edward Canby, who became a strong advocate of forming a dedicated Signal Corps; Myer at this time believed that the best approach for staffing signal work would be to train officers across the Army in its disciplines.
War organization.
Upon the outbreak of war, Myer returned to Washington and addressed the problem of having no signal personnel. His only option was to persuade officers to be detailed from other assignments, which was not considered satisfactory by Myer or the officers themselves, who feared loss of promotion opportunities. He submitted draft legislation to Secretary of War Simon Cameron in August 1861, proposing that a Signal Corps be established with himself, seven assistant signal officers, 40 warrant officers, and 40 signal artificers to serve as line builders and repairmen. He intended that each division of the Army, which he assumed would eventually comprise 500,000 men, would have dedicated aerial and electromagnetic telegraphy support. Congress adjourned without considering the legislation. That fall, Myer, who in addition to being chief signal officer for the Army, served as chief signal officer of the newly formed Army of the Potomac, set up training facilities for detailed officers and men in Fort Monroe and at Red Hill, Georgetown, Washington, D.C. His latter training camp remained in operation through the Peninsula Campaign and the rest of 1862, a period in which he continued to lobby with Congress and the Secretary of War, now Edwin M. Stanton, to establish a permanent corps.
Myer's persistence paid off when President Abraham Lincoln signed a sundry civil appropriations bill on March 3, 1863, which authorized the organization of a Signal Corps during the "present rebellion." It included the position of chief signal officer with the rank of colonel, a lieutenant colonel, two majors, a captain for each corps or military department, and as many lieutenants, not to exceed eight, per corps or department as the president deemed necessary. Each officer was provided one sergeant and six privates. Myer was appointed to the position of chief signal officer and the rank of colonel by Secretary Stanton on April 29, but his appointment could not be immediately confirmed by the Senate, which was in recess.
Although Myer interpreted his appointment to include control over electromagnetic telegraphy, a rival organization emerged. The U.S. Military Telegraph Corps employed civilian telegraph operators, with supervisors who received military commissions in the Quartermaster Department, under the general management of Anson Stager, a former official of the Western Union Telegraph Company. In February 1862, Lincoln took control of the nation's commercial telegraph lines, which were then used by Stager's organization. Secretary Stanton, a former director and attorney for the Atlantic and Ohio Telegraph Company, understood the technical and strategic importance of telegraphy and located the telegraph office directly next to his own in the War Department. One of his biographers described the operators as Stanton's "little army ... part of his own personal and confidential staff." Myer began a campaign to supersede this organization by proposing the purchase of equipment to form telegraph trains (in the sense of wagon trains, not railroad) in the Signal Corps, to provide mobility for telegraph operators supporting armies on the move. Since he was concerned about the training required for telegraph operators using traditional Morse key equipment, he outfitted his trains with a magneto-electric telegraph instrument invented by George W. Beardslee of New York City. When this device suffered from technical limitations, in the autumn of 1862 he advertised in the "Army and Navy Official Gazette" for trained telegraphers. The War Department informed Myer that his actions were "irregular and improper" and he was removed as chief signal officer on November 10, 1863. All of the Beardslee devices were given to the Military Telegraph Service (which never used them, due to unreliability) and Myer was transferred to Memphis, Tennessee. His replacement as acting chief signal officer was Major William J. L. Nicodemus, his former apprentice. During his exile in the West, Myer's "A Manual of Signals: For the Use of Signal Officers in the Field" was published in 1864, a work that would remain the basis of signal doctrine for many years.
Nicodemus inherited an organization that had grown to approximately 200 officers and 1000 enlisted men. He also ran afoul of Secretary Stanton when the 1864 annual report for the Signal Corps was published because it revealed that the corps was able to read the enemy's signals. Stanton rightfully believed this to be a breach of security and he dismissed Nicodemus from the Army in December 1864. The final chief signal officer during the war was Colonel Benjamin F. Fisher, former chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac, who had been captured near Aldie, Virginia, in the Gettysburg Campaign and spent eight months in Libby Prison before escaping and returning to duty.
The Signal Corps completed its wartime service and was dissolved in August 1865. During its lifetime, 146 officers were commissioned in the corps or were offered commissions. There were 297 acting signal officers appointed, although some were for very brief periods. The total number of enlisted men who served during the war was about 2,500.
Albert Myer was eventually rescued from oblivion. In May 1864, Myer's prewar ally, Edward Canby, selected him to be the signal officer for the Military Division of West Mississippi. Myer served in this position as a major because his confirmation as a colonel had been revoked after his dismissal from Washington. At the end of the Civil War, he was given a brevet promotion to brigadier general. On July 28, 1866, reacting to the influence of Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant and President Andrew Johnson, Congress reorganized the Signal Corps and, with the permanent rank of colonel, Myer again became chief signal officer, as of October 30, 1866. His new duties included control of the telegraph service, resolving the dispute that had removed him from his position.
Confederate Signal Corps.
Edward P. Alexander, Myer's assistant in testing the wig-wag signaling system, resigned his U.S. Army commission on May 1, 1861, to join the Confederate Army as a captain of engineers. While organizing and training new recruits to form a Confederate signal service, he was ordered to report to Brig. Gen. P.G.T. Beauregard at Manassas Junction, Virginia. He became the chief engineer and signal officer of the (Confederate) Army of the Potomac on June 3. After becoming the chief ordnance officer for the Army of Northern Virginia, Alexander retained his position as signal officer, but his other duties took precedence.
Although the Confederate Signal Corps would never achieve a distinct branch identity to the extent that the Union version did, the Confederate Congress authorized its establishment as a separate organization, attached to the Adjutant and Inspector General's Department, on April 19, 1862, a year before the U.S. Congress did so. The first chief signal officer was Captain William Norris, a Maryland lawyer then a civilian volunteer on the staff of Maj. Gen. John B. Magruder. 
The corps under Norris was organized to consist of one major, 10 captains, 20 lieutenants, 20 sergeants, and 1500 men detailed from all branches of the service. A signal officer was authorized for the staff at each corps and division. The Confederate Signal Corps perform duties and utilized equipment very similar to their Northern counterparts, with some exceptions. Electric telegraphy was not used in tactical battlefield communications due to shortages of telegraph wire and trained operators. Their aerial telegraphy was performed with similar flags, but with slightly modified codes and movements from the Myer methods. Unlike the Union Signal Corps, however, the Confederate Signal Corps also was chartered to conduct espionage for the South. (Both services provided valuable battlefield intelligence, and sometimes artillery fire direction, from their elevated observation points, but the Confederate corpsmen performed undercover missions behind enemy lines as well.) Acting as the Secret Service of the Confederacy, the corps administered the Secret Line, an information network that ran between Richmond and the North and extended into Canada. It is because of its clandestine nature that much of the work of the Confederate Signal Corps is lost to history. Many of its records were burned in the fall of Richmond and in a subsequent fire at Norris's home, which claimed his personal papers.
Signal equipment and techniques.
Wig-wag signaling.
Wig-wag signaling was performed during daylight with a single flag tied to a hickory staff constructed in four-foot jointed sections. Flags were generally made of cotton, linen, or another lightweight fabric and were issued in the following sizes:
The 4-foot flags with white backgrounds, mounted on 12 foot staffs, were most often used, although 2-foot flags were used when the flagman wanted to avoid enemy attention. Red flags were generally used at sea. For nighttime signaling, torches were copper cylinders, 18 inches long and 1.5 inches in diameter with a cotton wick.
Myer's "General Service Code" for wig-wag signaling, standardized in 1864, was also known as the "four element" code because all of the characters transmitted were composed of from one to four flag motions. (Myer's original method from the 1850s was called a "two element code" because elements were described only in terms of movement from the vertical position.) The flagman took a position facing the station to receive the message and signaled digits "1" through "5" as follows:
Codes for the alphabet, digits, and some special characters were as follows for the Union Signal Corps:
Waving the flag continuously from left to right was used to attract attention and to indicate that signaling was about to start. Other special sequences of digits were:
Telegraph train and the Beardslee telegraph.
Telegraph trains were introduced by Myer to support telegraphy for mobile operations. The horse-drawn wagons carried the telegraph sets and supplies such as reels of insulated copper wire and iron lances, for stringing temporary field lines, a practice called "flying telegraph lines." Each train consisted of two wagons, equipped with 5 miles of wire and a telegraph instrument. The first model train was constructed by Henry J. Rogers, a telegraphic engineer from New York City who had worked with Samuel F.B. Morse in building the first commercial telegraph line between Washington and Baltimore in 1844. Rogers's original telegraph instrument for the train replaced the traditional sending key and sound receiver with a dial indicator, a circular index plate bearing the letters of the alphabet and a pointer that turned to the letter to be transmitted. A similar pointer spelled out the message at the receiving end. Rogers provided a galvanic battery that eliminated the danger of acid spills. This equipment eliminated the need for skilled operators who had to be trained in Morse code. Field trials in February 1862 found that it worked satisfactorily over a test circuit of 2 miles of wire. A board of three signal officers recommended that such a train would be of great use as an auxiliary to permanent telegraph lines.
For its first use in combat, during the 1862 Peninsula Campaign, the Rogers train substituted a new telegraph instrument, the Beardslee Patent Magneto-Electric Field Telegraph Machine, invented by George W. Beardslee of New York. This instrument required no battery, using instead a hand-cranked generator, but it was also based on a dial indicator. The Beardslee telegraph was housed in a wooden chest with handles and weighed about 100 pounds. It had two significant technical deficiencies, however. Its generator could not produce enough electricity to transmit signals more than about 5 to 8 miles. More seriously, there was a tendency for the sending and receiving index pointers to get out of synchronization, hopelessly garbling transmitted messages. Broken machines had to be sent back to New York City for repair. It was these deficiencies that led Myer to his decision to use traditional Morse key technology and attempt to hire trained telegraphers, a decision that led Secretary Stanton to dismiss him as chief signal officer. All of the telegraph train assets of the Signal Corps were turned over to the Military Telegraph Service, but they did not use the Beardslee telegraph due to its unreliability. At their peak of usage in 1863, there were 30 telegraph trains in the field.
Ciphers.
Since aerial telegraphy was sometimes conducted within the clear sight of the enemy, security was a major problem. The Signal Corps introduced a cipher disc, a simple device that allowed the encryption of text. Two concentric discs were inscribed with letters and their numerical equivalents. The sending and receiving party had to agree on the specific alignment between the two discs, ensuring that both parties had identical alignment. To encipher a message, the signal officer selected an "adjustment letter" on the inner disc and then made this letter correspond with a preselected numerical code or "key number" on the outer disc. The signal officer would typically give the key numbers to the flagmen without revealing the plain text version of the message. Although this method of encryption was primitive by modern standards, there is no record that the Confederates ever deciphered a Union message that had been processed in this manner. A more complex system in which four concentric discs were used was invented by Sergeant Francis M. Metcalf and modified by Captain Lemuel B. Norton, but it did not receive widespread adoption.
Signal contributions to battles and campaigns.
First Bull Run.
At the First Battle of Bull Run, Confederate Capt. Edward Porter Alexander made history by transmitting the first message in combat using signal flags over a long distance. Stationed atop "Signal Hill" in Manassas, Alexander saw Union troop movements and signaled to the brigade under Col. Nathan "Shanks" Evans, "Look out for your left, your position is turned", which meant that they were in danger of being attacked on their left flank. Upon receiving a similar message, Gens. Beauregard and Joseph E. Johnston sent timely reinforcements that turned the tide of battle in the Confederates' favor.
On the Union side, Myer attempted to deploy a military observation balloon at Manassas, bringing along 20 troops from the 26th Pennsylvania Infantry because of the lack of Signal Corps personnel that early in the war. Because of the haste of these untrained men, the balloon was damaged after a collision with a tree and could not be used for the battle.
Fredericksburg.
At the Battle of Fredericksburg in December 1862, significant use of the Beardslee telegraph made it possible for Maj. Gen. Ambrose E. Burnside to communicate with the Army through the fog and smoke from the burning town. On December 13, the main day of the battle, signal corpsmen extended a line across the Rappahannock River into the town of Fredericksburg while under fire and Burnside was able to communicate with both of his grand division commanders and his supply base, 7.5 miles away.
Chancellorsville.
During the Battle of Chancellorsville in May 1863, the performance of the Beardslee telegraph was so poor that Albert Myer soon decided to replace it. The campaign got off to a bad start because the chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac, Captain Samuel T. Cushing, was kept in the dark about the plans of Maj. Gen. Joseph Hooker and he could not arrange his signal assets in advance. As the Army advanced, Cushing had insufficient wire on hand and was forced to use untested wire that had been left in the field, supported by iron lances, since Fredericksburg. On April 29, as the Army prepared to cross the Rapidan River, the Beardslee telegraph did not work, probably due to excessive wire length. Captain Frederick E. Beardslee, son of the inventor, was sent to make repairs. He found that the machine had been hit by lightning and was operating erratically. That evening a telegraph reached headquarters from the Ford on the Rapidan at 10:30 p.m., but it was marked (incorrectly) as originating at 5:30 p.m. Maj. Gen. Daniel Butterfield, Chief of Staff of the Army of the Potomac, told Cushing that he was not going to wake the commanding general for any telegram that was five hours late; his repose was "worth more than the commissions of a dozen signal officers." The inadequate wires and the unreliable telegraph caused persistent problems and kept General Hooker isolated from his forces in the Wilderness. On May 1, operators of the U.S. Military Telegraph Service were ordered to replace the Signal Corps Beardslee operators.
It was also at Chancellorsville that a major change happened in Union signal security. Butterfield was concerned about Confederate interception of aerial telegraphy signals, but he used this as an advantage, ordering deceptive messages to be transmitted early in the campaign to mask the Union Army's true intentions. Since the Union signal corpsmen could routinely decipher Confederate messages, Butterfield was able to confirm that his bogus messages had been received. It was after these incidents that the Union began deploying the cipher disc devices and improving the security of their messages.
Gettysburg.
The Battle of Gettysburg featured the Union Signal Corps in its role of observing the battlefield. The chief signal officer of the Army of the Potomac, Captain Lemuel B. Norton, had field telegraph trains at his disposal, but did not deploy them. On July 1, 1863, a Union signal officer, Lt. Aaron B. Jerome, ascended the cupola of the Lutheran Theological Seminary and the courthouse steeple to observe the enemy's approach and reported to Maj. Gen. Oliver O. Howard. On July 2, the Confederate corps under Lt. Gen. James Longstreet attempted to maneuver into position for an attack on the Union left flank. They were forced into a lengthy counter march, delaying their attack, when they spotted the presence of the Union signal station on Little Round Top mountain and knew that their approach would be reported. During the Confederate assault, the fighting was so heavy that the signal station had to be abandoned until the following day. A plaque commemorating the U.S. Army Signal Corps' contribution to the battle is mounted today on a boulder near the peak of Little Round Top. On July 3, before Pickett's Charge, artillery fire against the Union line was so intense that the signalmen could not use their flags. Captain Edward C. Pierce, a signal officer attached to the VI Corps, acted as a mounted courier to Maj. Gen. George G. Meade's headquarters, despite warnings that he would never make it alive through the firing.

</doc>
<doc id="6983418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983418" title="Lyle Eugene Hollister">
Lyle Eugene Hollister



</doc>
<doc id="6983424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983424" title="William Howard Hollister">
William Howard Hollister



</doc>
<doc id="6983427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983427" title="Richard Jerome Hollister">
Richard Jerome Hollister



</doc>
<doc id="6983429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983429" title="Lyle E. Hollister">
Lyle E. Hollister



</doc>
<doc id="6983430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983430" title="Schuykill Banks">
Schuykill Banks



</doc>
<doc id="6983431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983431" title="William H. Hollister">
William H. Hollister



</doc>
<doc id="6983434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983434" title="Richard J. Hollister">
Richard J. Hollister



</doc>
<doc id="6983436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983436" title="Westminister">
Westminister



</doc>
<doc id="6983437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983437" title="Lyle Hollister">
Lyle Hollister



</doc>
<doc id="6983439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983439" title="William Hollister">
William Hollister

William Hollister may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6983463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983463" title="Robert Hudson (Prison Break Character)">
Robert Hudson (Prison Break Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6983472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983472" title="Bagan (Godzilla)">
Bagan (Godzilla)



</doc>
<doc id="6983473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983473" title="Grand Ledge Public Schools">
Grand Ledge Public Schools

Grand Ledge Public Schools is a Michigan school district that includes the city of Grand Ledge and the village of Mulliken, as well as portions of the townships of Danby in Ionia County, Eagle, Watertown, and Westphalia in Clinton County, and Delta, Oneida, Roxand, and Windsor in Eaton County.
History.
Grand Ledge High School opened in fall 1959. At the time, the former high school became Jonas Sawdon Junior High School for grades seven and eight. By 1995, this building housed the district administration.
Grand Ledge High School has a rich athletics history in Mid-Michigan. Known as a baseball powerhouse for their state titles in 1977 and 1995, they have also won state titles in boys' golf (1995), football (2000), and girls' gymnastics (2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013). 
Notable figures at Grand Ledge High School:
All three individuals are members of the Grand Ledge Athletics Hall of Fame. 
In 2018, a three-phase bond was based in the district. This included school renovations and improvements to athletic and other school-related facilities. Some major projects included a new track &amp; field complex located along M-43 and just southeast of the existing track &amp; field facility, a brand new weight room and performing arts addition to the high school, and new Wacousta Elementary School. 
Schools.
Prior to the 2021-22 school year, Leon W. Hayes School was the middle school (grades 7-8), Delta Center, Willow Ridge, Wacousta, and Kenneth T. Beagle Schools were the elementary schools (grades 1-6), Clarence W. Neff School was the district-wide kindergarten building, and T. Carl Holbrook and Delta Mills Schools were the early childhood centers.

</doc>
<doc id="6983475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983475" title="River Valley Charter School (Lakeside, CA)">
River Valley Charter School (Lakeside, CA)



</doc>
<doc id="6983476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983476" title="FC Wacker München">
FC Wacker München

FC Wacker München is a German association football club of about 200 members based in the Sendling borough of Munich, Bavaria. At their zenith in the 1920s the "Blue Stars" twice reached the semi-finals of the German Championship. After World War II, the club spent a year in the first division play, but was primarily a third division side, then the highest amateur level in the country. Following its decline and near bankruptcy in the 1990s the club was reformed and has since then played in the lower amateur divisions. The term "Wacker" is German for "brave".
History.
The club was formed in 1903 as "FC Isaria München" in the Munich quarter of Laim and later played as "FC Wittelsbach" and then "FC München-Laim". In 1908, they joined the bicycling club "Radsportclub Monachia" and were officially called "Fußball-Abteilung Wacker 1903 des SC Monachia" (en: Football Department Wacker 1903 of SC Monachia).
At the beginning of the 1913–14 season, the footballers left to join the gymnastics club "Turnerschaft 1886 München" and were called "Fußballabteilung Turnerschaft Wacker 1886 München". In 1917, this union was dissolved and the club established itself as the independent side "FC Wacker".
The first star of the team was the Austrian goalkeeper Karl Pekarna who played for "Wacker" in 1908 and 1909. He was named "Goalkeeper of the Year" in 1905 while playing in Scotland for "Rangers F.C.". During these early years the club was primarily a first division side playing in the Süddeutscher Fußball Verband (en:South German Football League) where they captured the title in 1922. "Wacker" twice took part in national championship round play, advancing to the semi-final in 1922 where they were put out 0–4 by "Hamburger SV", and again advancing to the semi-final in 1928, this time losing 1–2 to "Hertha Berlin". The club's successes are closely associated with Alfréd Schaffer, one of the great stars of the early years of the game. He was Europe's top goalscorer in 1918 and 1919 while playing for "MTK Budapest" and is often considered the first professional player on the continent. He played for "Wacker" in 1921 and 1922 before serving as team coach at the end of the decade.
After the re-organization of German football into sixteen premier level divisions under the Third Reich in 1933, "Wacker" qualified for the Gauliga Bayern and played there until being relegated in 1938. "Wacker" returned to first division football in 1940 and remained there until 1945. However, the "Blue Stars" were never a serious contender for the division title. Following World War II, the team took up play in the Landesliga Bayern (II) and won promotion to the Oberliga Süd in 1947, only to be immediately relegated. In 1950, they qualified for the new second division 2nd Oberliga Süd and played two seasons there, returning for a third season in 1953. Until 1980, "Wacker" was for the most part a third division side, then Germany's highest amateur level, making single season appearances in the Regionalliga Süd (II) in 1964–65, 1970–71 and 1972–73. They qualified for Regionalliga play again in 1975, but declined the promotion for financial reasons. They slipped to the now fourth-tier Landesliga Bayern in 1980 and in 1995 were reorganized following financial difficulties. They remained in Landesliga play until being nearly bankrupted in 2004 through the fraudulent management of the club's finances. The club has since been part of the country's lowest divisions.
Notable players and coaches.
German internationals.
A number of "Wacker" players were selected for the Germany national football team:
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Women's team.
Wacker was one of the pioneers of women's football in Germany commencing operations immediately after the German association permitted the sport in 1970. The women's football department of Wacker was moderately successful, achieving two one year stints in the top-level Bundesliga in 1992/93 and 1994/95. They left the club to form their own independent club in 1999, FFC Wacker München, becoming the first independent wonmen's football club in Bavaria. Since 2005 FFC Wacker co-operates with TSV 1860 München. They now play in Group South of the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga (women).
The Wacker women won the Bavarian Championship in the years 1991, 1992, 1994 and 2003 and the Bavarian Cup in 1992, 1994 and 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="6983478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983478" title="On the Riviera">
On the Riviera

On the Riviera is a 1951 Technicolor musical comedy film made by 20th Century Fox. Directed by Walter Lang and produced by Sol C. Siegel from a screenplay by Valentine Davies and Phoebe and Henry Ephron, it is the studio's fourth film based on the 1934 play "The Red Cat" by Rudolph Lothar and Hans Adler. This version stars Danny Kaye, Gene Tierney and Corinne Calvet, with Marcel Dalio, Henri Letondal and Sig Ruman.
The studio had signed Kaye for a one-picture deal, and revived the story as a vehicle for the multi-talented actor, who had a history of playing dual or multiple roles.
"On the Riviera" was nominated for two Academy Awards: Scoring of a Musical Picture (by Alfred Newman) and Best Art Direction in Color (Art Directors Lyle R. Wheeler, Leland Fuller, Joseph C. Wright, and Set Decorators Thomas Little and Walter M. Scott).
Plot.
At the Côte d'Azur nightclub in Monte Carlo, American entertainer Jack Martin is a hit with his singing, dancing and impressions. One night, everyone in the club flocks to a television to watch famed aviator Captain Henri Duran land in Nice, concluding a record-breaking round-the-world flight. Jack's partner—and girlfriend—Colette reminds him to put on his glasses, and they agree that Duran looks like Jack. Bored, Gapeaux insists that Jack make his act "sensational", or else.
Jack paints a mustache on his lip, looks in the mirror and smiles.
The club's gala honoring Duran and his wife, Lili opens with a lavish production  playing off Duran's deserved reputation as an international Don Juan. Backstage, Collette briefly mistakes Duran for Jack. Duran invites her to a reception on Saturday. Panic-stricken. Duran's associate Philippe brings bad news. Air Europa Director Periton is delaying his purchase of their planes, clearly hoping to ruin their company and take it over. Not knowing this, Lili invites Periton to the reception.
Duran leaves a note for Louis and Phillipe: He has flown to London for help. They persuade Jack to play Duran, for half a million francs. He insists that Lili not know. He would be too nervous. (They do tell her.) Jack is a quick study, and they teach him Duran's  noncommittal gesture and comment: "Hmmmmm…"
Jack spends much of the party fending off Duran's ladies.
At the nightclub, Gapeaux tells Colette that he has booked a live television broadcast. She storms off to the party and is greeted by Jack/Duran, who makes a pass at her. She sees the eyeglasses in his pocket, plays along—and slaps him. Their jealous fight ends when he tells her how much they are being paid. She remembers the broadcast. He sends her to reassure Gapeaux.
Duran returns, unnoticed, sees Jack at the party and understands. But when Jack kisses Lili's hand, his eyes widen. He watches Jack drive away. Two guests watch Jack's live broadcast, featuring Jack as "Popo the Puppet".
Duran was turned down by Sir Hubert. The guys reassure him that Lilli is in on the masquerade. When he kisses her, she tells him he has been acting "like a schoolboy with his first crush" all night. He is jealous. At the nightclub, Jack and Colette fight over her jealousy of Lili.
Duran discovers that Periton suspects the Air Ministry is making Duran a better offer. Jack returns to the house. Confusion ensues. Periton makes Jack/Duran an offer of 20 billion francs, then 25 billion... Cut to the hall where Duran and the guys are waiting...
Louis pays Jack off, telling him to get his clothes tomorrow and leaving everyone ignorant of Periton's offers. Duran tells them not to let anyone know he is back, including Lili. He will be Martin for the rest of the evening...
The next morning, the boys rush to Duran's yacht. He is despondent. Lili has betrayed him. With himself. He went to her room, embraced her, and they made love. He never realized how wonderful she was. He cannot face her. He is leaving. When the guys suggest that she saw through his deception, he remembers she was angry at first, then changed. Cut to Lili having breakfast in bed, smiling happily. Duran calls her from the airport, pretending to have just landed. She is horrified. The airport staff and their servants lie for him.
Periton arrives at the yacht and is surprised to see them so gloomy: He has a cheque for 30 billion francs.
At the house, Lili finds Jack collecting his clothes. They talk at cross-purposes, in double entendres, until he tells her he left after the Captain arrived. Cut to the front hall and Duran's return. Jack tells Duran that he should concentrate on his lovely wife from now on, and asks Duran about his way with women. What is his secret? Duran whispers in his ear.
At the nightclub, Lili and Duran are holding hands in the audience while Jack, the chorus and Colette do an exuberant number: "Happy Ending".
Production.
"The Red Cat", which was produced for the stage by 20th Century Fox's Darryl Zanuck, ran for only 13 performances, but the studio benefited from the film adaptations. The first two were directed by Roy Del Ruth: "Folies Bergère" (1935) stars Maurice Chevalier, Merle Oberon and Ann Sothern, and a 1935 French-language version, "L'homme des Folies Bergère," stars Chevalier and Natalie Paley. Irving Cummings directed the 1941 adaptation, "That Night in Rio," which stars Don Ameche, Alice Faye and Carmen Miranda.
"On the Riviera" had trouble with the censors, who wrote: "the last part of the story...seems to be based in large measure on the suspicion of illicit relationships between the various characters." However, the final script was approved, with Lili's temporary confusion over the identity of the man with whom she spent the night intact.
Kaye's wife, songwriter and lyricist Sylvia Fine, wrote four pieces for the picture. One of those, "Popo the Puppet", became a signature song for Kaye. In the film, it is presented as an elaborate production number with flying marionettes, seen over color television. On Sunday, May 20, 1951, "The New York Times" featured a four-column-wide photo of the French puppet sequence at the top of Page 225.
The color television sequences in this film would have fascinated the audience in 1951, when color TV was a rarity. The first color television broadcasts in the United States occurred in 1951 and 1953. (In France, where the film is set, the first color broadcast was in 1967.) Coaxial cable and closed circuit transmission preceded the broadcast format.
Gwen Verdon, credited as Gwyneth Verdon, appears in dance sequences choreographed and staged by Jack Cole. This was her first appearance on film.
The set decoration (nominated for an Academy Award) includes a portrait of Lili Duran. It is the portrait of Gene Tierney as Laura Hunt created for the 1944 film, Laura.
Reception.
"New York Times" critic Bosley Crowther recalled the two previous versions of the story for his readers and continued: "Now, brushed up slightly by Valentine Davies and Phoebe and Henry Ephron; equipped with four musical numbers by Mr. Kaye's wife, Sylvia Fine, and turned out in gorgeous Technicolor that does justice to a splash production and a well-fed cast, it does service for Mr. Kaye's talents... (S)omething better could certainly have been found for this brilliant comedian's performance than this hackneyed and unexciting tale... the plot is too mixed up to follow and isn't very funny anyhow... Gene Tierney looks better in new garments than the old story looks upon her. And Corinne Calvet is pretty but neglected.. Marcel Dalio and Henri Letondal do a Tweedledum and Tweedledee routine... There are also lots of pretty girls."
At the time of the film's release, "Variety" staff praised "the glib script, loaded with fast and furious dialog quips... Full range of the Kaye talent is used, both in the music-comedy divisions and in straight performance. It’s a wow delivery he gives. Four tunes, three of which are used to back the potent production numbers, were cleffed by Sylvia Fine to show off the Kaye talent for fun-making."
Writing for Turner Classic Movies in the 21st century, Jay S. Steinburg observes: "The studio dusted off a mistaken-identity screenplay that it had already utilized twice before; still, it proved an ideal fit for its star's strengths, and combined with beautiful female leads, colorful locales, and engaging set pieces, it delivered an entertainment that still holds up well."
Leonard Maltin gives the film 3 out of 4 stars: "Bouncy musicomedy with Danny in dual role as entertainer and French military hero. 'Ballin' the Jack,' other songs in lively film. Gwen Verdon is one of chorus girls."

</doc>
<doc id="6983480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983480" title="Planet Eris">
Planet Eris



</doc>
<doc id="6983486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983486" title="Ernestine Bayer">
Ernestine Bayer

Ernestine Bayer (born March 25, 1909 – September 10, 2006) was an American rower who has been called the "Mother of Women's Rowing".
Early life.
Ernestine Steppacher was born in Philadelphia to Henry and Rosetta Steppacher. As a child she taught herself to ride a bicycle, and took rides on crabbing boats in the Delaware Bay. She later attended secretarial school, and worked as a stenographer in a local bank.
Rowing career.
Bayer became interested in rowing through her husband, Ernest Bayer, who became a silver medalist in rowing at the 1928 Olympics. She persuaded him to teach her how to row, despite the disapproval from other male rowers.
In 1938, Bayer co-founded the Philadelphia Girls' Rowing Club (PGRC), and became its first president. The following year, the Schuylkill Navy hosted the first women's race on the Schuykill River, which Bayer and her partner, Jeanette Waetjen Hoover, won.
In 1966, the Women’s Eight from the PGRC won the first National Women’s Rowing Championships. In 1967 Bayer and her 10-woman crew entered the 2nd Women's Rowing Nationals competition; they won all of their events. Bayer pushed for the team (which included her daughter, Tina) to enter the 1967 European women's championships. However, the president of U.S. men's governing body for rowing, John Carlin, was not supportive, fearing the team would be easily beaten by competitors from behind the Iron Curtain. His decision was overruled by the president of the international rowing organization after the team competed successfully in Canada. The team secured a secret loan from Horace Davenport, head of the National Rowing Foundation, to finance their travel, and sourced their own uniforms. Although the American team did not win, they did provide weight to the argument that women's rowing be added to the Summer Olympics.
Following Title IX in 1972, she became a volunteer coach for the women's club at the University of New Hampshire.
Bayer was a member of the U.S. Olympic women's rowing committee for the 1976 Summer Olympics, the first in which women's rowing was included.
In 1989, Bayer rowed in the World Rowing Organization's Masters Regatta that was held in the United States for the first time.
In 1991 she competed in the Florida Masters Regatta and won in a mixed double and the single. Earlier that year she had competed in the Crash B indoor races in Boston and established a world record in her age bracket. In 1992 at age 83, she won her age division, 60 and over, in the Head of the Charles race. She was United States Rowing Sullivan Award nominee that year. At the age of 91 she set the world record on the Concept II rowing ergometer for women over the age of 90. Also that year she competed in the Master's World Championships in Montreal winning the women's double, the women's eight, and taking 2nd in the mixed double.
Personal life and death.
Ernestine secretly married Ernest Bayer (d. 1997) on January 28, 1928. Their first date, in 1927, had been at a swimming pool. She gave birth to their daughter, Ernestine, nicknamed Tina, in 1945. The couple moved to New Hampshire in 1971. There, she founded the Alden Ocean Shell Association, an amateur rowing group.
Ernestine suffered her first stroke in March 2003. She recovered enough to be able to row in a double. In July 2005, she had a second stroke which left her paralyzed on her right side and unable to speak.
She died from pneumonia in Exeter, New Hampshire, on September 10, 2006 at the age of 97. She was survived by her daughter, Tina.
Recognition.
Beyond her firsts in competition, Bayer was also the first woman to receive several different honors for her rowing career. She received the U.S. Rowing Medal for her contributions to the sport.
In 1980, she became the first woman to be awarded the John J. Carlin service award by the U.S. Rowing Association. In 1984 she became the first woman inducted to the National Rowing Foundation's Hall of Fame.
From 1974 until 2011, the Ernestine Bayer race was held as part of the Head of the Charles race. It was the only race in the event open to recreational shells.

</doc>
<doc id="6983489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983489" title=".38 Calibre">
.38 Calibre



</doc>
<doc id="6983503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983503" title="Schwarzwälder Schinken">
Schwarzwälder Schinken



</doc>
<doc id="6983510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983510" title="Schuylkill Banks">
Schuylkill Banks



</doc>
<doc id="6983525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983525" title=".38 Caliber">
.38 Caliber



</doc>
<doc id="6983529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983529" title="Testify (Isley Brothers song)">
Testify (Isley Brothers song)

"Testify" is an uptempo soul song by the American rhythm and blues group the Isley Brothers. Written by the Isleys and recorded in 1964, it followed several successful singles by the group and was the first single to appear on their own T-Neck record label.
Music critic Richie Unterberger describes "Testify" as "a delightful track, one that worked as a both an out-and-out raver and a novelty", praising it as "tremendously exciting uptempo soul music". Jimi Hendrix provided the guitar parts, which Unterberger identifies as one of the best examples of his pre-Experience recordings.
Lyrics and composition.
The practice of "testifying" is used in churches in the American South to express belief in Christian faith and experiences. For their song, the Isleys parody the practice:
During the song, others are called upon and testify briefly, including "Raymond, the genius, Ray", "James from Augusta, Georgia", "our friend Stevie", "another friend that lives in Detroit called Jackie", and "across the water ... them cats with long hair". The Isley Brothers respond, imitating the singing styles of Ray Charles, James Brown, Stevie Wonder, Jackie Wilson and the Beatles.
Ronald Isley provides the lead vocals, with Rudolph Isley and O'Kelly Isley Jr. supplying the background vocals. Due to its length of nearly six minutes, "Testify" was split into two parts for release as a single. Although it missed the record charts, it later gained wider exposure as one of the first recordings featuring guitarist Jimi Hendrix.
Hendrix involvement.
The Isley Brothers were one of the first groups that Hendrix recorded and toured with after relocating to New York's Harlem neighborhood from Nashville, Tennessee. Hendrix biographer Harry Shapiro describes his guitar parts for the song as "churning, hard-hitting rhythm chords and fluid blues-inspired solo breaks". Unterberger notes Hendrix's "spindly, roving electric guitar" in the opening section, and about ten seconds of "really wild, unhinged R&amp;B soloing" later in the track. In 2010, "Testify" was included on the Hendrix compilation "", along with several other of his pre-Experience recordings.
American blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan recorded the song for his 1983 debut album "Texas Flood". Music writer Brad Tolinski calls it "More a tip of the hat than a cover ... one of Vaughan’s very best performances".

</doc>
<doc id="6983551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983551" title="Georgia-Georgia Tech Rivalry">
Georgia-Georgia Tech Rivalry



</doc>
<doc id="6983558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983558" title="List of flute makers">
List of flute makers

The following are flute makers who produce flutes from a wide variety of materials: 

</doc>
<doc id="6983568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983568" title="McIntyre-Takhini">
McIntyre-Takhini

McIntyre-Takhini is a former electoral district of the Legislative Assembly which existed from 1992-2009. It was dissolved in 2009 into the ridings Takhini-Kopper King and Mountainview. It contained the Whitehorse subdivisions of Takhini, Valleyview, and McIntyre, as well as the Kopper King, Takhini, and Northland mobile home parks.
It is the former riding of Yukon's 5th Premier, Piers McDonald.
Electoral results.
2006.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|865
! align=right|100.0
2002.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|906
! align=right|100.0
2000.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|979
! align=right|100.0
1996.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right|895
! align=right|100.0
1992.
! align=left colspan=3|Total
! align=right| 729
! align=right| 100
! align=right|

</doc>
<doc id="6983569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983569" title="Nick Edward Cave">
Nick Edward Cave



</doc>
<doc id="6983575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983575" title="Antonio Suárez">
Antonio Suárez

Antonio Suárez Vázquez (20 May 1932 – 6 January 1981) was a professional road racing cyclist from Spain between 1956 and 1965. He is most famous for winning the overall title and the mountains classification of the 1959 Vuelta a España. In addition, Suarez won the points classification at the 1961 Vuelta and a career total of five stages at the Vuelta.
Suárez also won a stage and finished on the podium in third place at the 1961 Giro d’Italia behind Arnaldo Pambianco of Italy and Jacques Anquetil of France.

</doc>
<doc id="6983577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983577" title="Alan Bell">
Alan Bell

Alan Bell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6983586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983586" title="Meitner–Hupfeld effect">
Meitner–Hupfeld effect

The Meitner–Hupfeld effect, named after Lise Meitner and Hans-Hermann Hupfeld, is an anomalously large scattering of gamma rays by heavy elements. The effect was later explained by a broad theory from which evolved the Standard Model, a theory for explaining the structure of the atomic nucleus. The anomalous gamma-ray behavior was eventually ascribed to electron–positron pair production and annihilation.
Although Meitner was recognized for her work, Hupfeld contribution is usually ignored, and little or no account of his life exists.

</doc>
<doc id="6983590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983590" title="Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds">
Nick Cave and The Bad Seeds



</doc>
<doc id="6983616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983616" title="Gary Muledeer">
Gary Muledeer



</doc>
<doc id="6983618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983618" title="Jones TM">
Jones TM



</doc>
<doc id="6983621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983621" title="Goku Jr.">
Goku Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6983627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983627" title="Superficial perineal pouch">
Superficial perineal pouch

The superficial perineal pouch (also superficial perineal compartment/space/sac) is a compartment of the perineum.
Structure.
The superficial perineal pouch is an open compartment, due to the fact that anteriorly, the space communicates freely with the potential space lying between the superficial fascia of the anterior abdominal wall and the anterior abdominal muscles:

</doc>
<doc id="6983631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983631" title="Son Goku Junior">
Son Goku Junior



</doc>
<doc id="6983632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983632" title="Chesney Lee Hawkes">
Chesney Lee Hawkes



</doc>
<doc id="6983633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983633" title="LP Hartley">
LP Hartley



</doc>
<doc id="6983640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983640" title="ALZip">
ALZip

ALZip is an archive and compression utility software application developed by ESTsoft for Microsoft Windows that can unzip forty different archive file formats.
ALZip can also archive files into eight different archive formats. Introduced in ALZip version 8, their own proprietary ALZ and EGG archive formats can be used, which supports Unicode, compression and other features.
History.
ALZip was developed in 1999 as an internal application by the South Korean software company ESTsoft in response to employees' frustration using the English interface in WinZip.
The Korean interface was immediately well received and later that year, ALZip was publicly released as freeware. In just over a year, ALZip became the most popular archiver program in South Korea and by December 2001, was the top downloaded software in the country. By 2004, it had reached a 70% market share in South Korea. The popularity of the software and the ALZ and EGG archive format played a large role in earning ESTsoft a place in the Digital Innovation Awards Top 100 Companies in South Korea with the software taking special mention.
The first English version was released in 2002. Since then, support for over 20 languages has been added.
Version 11.07 is available through Microsoft Store.
Licensing changes.
ALZip was originally released as pure freeware. In October 2001 it changed to free for home use with government usage requiring a software license. In April 2002, a business license was also introduced for commercial usage. Licensing was based on the honor system, and there were no nag screens.
With the version 7 release, the license was changed from freeware to adware, displaying downloaded banner ads. Beginning on December 1, 2008, all new releases are shareware requiring a paid license except in its original Korean language, which requires no licensing fee.
With version 8.51 from 22 August 2012, ALZip changed the license so that it can be licensed freely. On the download page of ALZip is a serial number to copy and paste when you start the program, in order to have the license for the software free of charge.
Naming and mascots.
The name "ALZip" was chosen as the "AL" part is a transliteration from the program's Korean name "aljip" (Hangul: ), literally "EggZip". Other ALTools feature similar egghead cartoon characters as mascots for each program.
Additionally, ALZip integrates into the "New Folder" function of Windows Explorer, where new folders are created with the option of using custom icons and names.
File format controversy.
In 2003, there was a controversy over ALZip's own compression file format ALZ when a developer of another Korean compression utility, "빵집," insisted that ALZip users were forced to use the ALZip archiver when decompressing ALZ files. He also stated that ESTsoft does not offer decompression libraries, and that third-party archiver developers have had to use reverse engineering to develop their own algorithms.
EGG format and ALZ Algorithm.
The "EGG" format is used to apply multiple different compression algorithms, choosing the algorithm based on the file extension. For example, it may use Bzip2 to compress .txt files, while using Deflate for files with a .exe extension. For .com or .sys files, ALZip uses the ALZ algorithm. 
The ALZ algorithm is slower but has a high compression ratio. It has a faster compression rate than the Deflate algorithm used in the ZIP format, and is comparable to the LZMA algorithm of 7-Zip. 
Reverse engineering revealed similarities between it and LZMA. It has been confirmed that LZ77 is used.

</doc>
<doc id="6983645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983645" title="Mike Fischlin">
Mike Fischlin

Michael Thomas Fischlin (born September 13, 1955) is a former professional baseball player. He played all or part of ten seasons in Major League Baseball between 1977 and 1987 for the Houston Astros (1977–78, 1980), Cleveland Indians (1981–85), New York Yankees (1986) and Atlanta Braves (1987), primarily as a backup shortstop and second baseman.
Fischlin was originally drafted by the New York Yankees in the 1975 Major League Baseball draft, and played for two years in their farm system. On June 15, 1977, he was traded with Randy Niemann and Dave Bergman for Cliff Johnson. 
Fischlin played one game for the Houston Astros' 1980 National League West champion team. In a 10-season career, he was a .220 hitter (207-for-941) with three home runs and 68 RBI in 517 games, including 109 runs, 29 doubles, six triples, and 24 stolen bases.
He also spent nine seasons in the minor leagues spanning 1975–1988 and managed the Myrtle Beach Blue Jays of the South Atlantic League in the 1989 and 1990 seasons. He played from 1977 through 1980 with the Cardenales de Lara and Leones del Caracas of the Venezuelan Winter League.
Fischlin was, along with Bill Caudill, one of the first players represented by agent Scott Boras. He currently works for Boras as the Minister of Culture and President of 0-2 Team.
External links.
, or Retrosheet

</doc>
<doc id="6983646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983646" title="Banned from Argo">
Banned from Argo

"Banned From Argo" is a filk song written and originally recorded by Leslie Fish, released in 1977 on the album "Solar Sailors", and later as part of various compilations ("Star Trek Comedy: The Unofficial Album"; Dr. Demento's "Hits From Outer Space", etc.) It won the 2003 Pegasus Award for Best Classic Filk Song.
Structure and style.
The song pokes fun at the conventions and characters of the . Though no character is mentioned by name, they are identified by their shipboard title/duties and certain characteristics (such as Captain Kirk's sexual escapades or Scotty's taste for alcohol), and are stated to be a Starfleet crew in the final verse. The framework of the song's "story" is the starship crew's stop at "Argo Port" for shore leave, where their antics result in chaos and destruction, prompting the planet's government to ban them from returning, as stated in the chorus:
In the original recording, the song is played in a bluegrass style, with guitars and banjos as the only musical accompaniment. It follows a pattern of single verse followed by single chorus, with an instrumental interlude, the length of one verse and chorus together, between the second-to-last chorus and the final verse. The tune to the single verse is "The Boston Burglar".
The original version of the song prior to recording referenced Klingons in place of pirates in the eighth verse, but was altered for recording. Since pon farr and Starfleet are both mentioned in the recording lyrics, the removal does little to mask the song's origins.
Despite the song's popularity at science fiction conventions, the composer has expressed reluctance to perform the song in public because, for years, she was asked to perform it several times at every Science Fiction convention she attended. Finally she insisted that she would sing it only once a year, usually at WorldCon, NASFiC or DragonCon. In 2013, she agreed to perform the song at the 2013 Worldcon while sitting in a model of the bridge of the USS Enterprise from Star Trek.
Plotline.
The crew's escapades in the song include (in order of appearance):
Further development and derivatives.
The song is so well known among that its title is commonly abbreviated to "BFA". 
Once "released into the wild" it was rapidly adopted and expanded upon, with verses referencing various other characters, ships, cultures and so on from the "Star Trek" universe, with several hundred verses known to have been written worldwide. New verses are performed by inserting them ahead of the final "apologetic" verse (which has always retained its place at the end of the song).
The song has inspired enough filks and parodies to fill two dedicated collections. "The Bastard Children of Argo", a collection of parodies, by various authors, published by Random Factors in 2001, contains 78 songs, plus several versions of the original provided by Fish. "The Bastard Grandchildren of Argo" was issue #83 of the bimonthly filk magazine "Xenofilkia", from July 2002, containing 25 songs. There have been other filks and parodies of BFA not contained in these collections.
In 2021, Fish published a novelization of the song on Archive of Our Own, expanding the story behind the lyrics while simultaneously showing how the events were misinterpreted in-story.

</doc>
<doc id="6983651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983651" title="E-mail headers">
E-mail headers



</doc>
<doc id="6983654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983654" title="Email headers">
Email headers



</doc>
<doc id="6983658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983658" title="AB Guthrie">
AB Guthrie



</doc>
<doc id="6983664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983664" title="Melodia">
Melodia

Melodia may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6983667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983667" title="White Lightning (band)">
White Lightning (band)

White Lightning was an American psychedelic rock band, active from 1968 through 1971. The band was founded by guitarist Zippy Caplan and bassist Woody Woodrich. The band was very popular in Minnesota, mostly due to Caplan's fame playing with The Litter. The manager of radio station KDWB mistook the single "Of Paupers and Poets" for a song by Cream, giving valuable early airtime to the band. They also would perform a cover of the William Tell Overture.
"White Lightning" was on ATCO Records, a division of Atlantic Records.
Eventually, the band broke up due to musical differences, especially between Woodrich and Caplan.
Filmography.
Members of the band appear in the film Zachariah and perform on the movie soundtrack.
Band members' whereabouts as of 2010.
Ronn Roberts toured with numerous acts in the 1970s and early 1980s, including Linda Ronstadt, David Bowie, The Righteous Brothers, Ike and Tina Turner, Jim Messina, John Mayall, Bread, James Taylor and The Beach Boys. He has formed two companies, Esoteric Pictures and Rave On Entertainment. He is married to the former Mary Catherine Percy and the couple have five daughters: Paris, Ashley, Regan, Ryanne and Taylor. In the summer of 2010, Roberts and Pat Robinson are at work on "Kidz That Rock (USA)", a concept for teaching music to children across the Los Angeles area.
Zip Caplan is recording another music project with his Ventures tribute band, The Surf Dogs, in Minneapolis.
Bernie Pershey has toured with Olivia Newton-John, Walter Trout, Edgar Winter and for eight years with The Animals/Eric Burdon. Currently he is in Norway with Eric Sardinas, playing gigs. Bernie &amp; Eric et al., also played gigs with ZZ Top in Moscow and other parts of the world during their fall swing through Europe.
Mick Stanhope is married and living in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="6983668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983668" title="Moodswings (band)">
Moodswings (band)

Moodswings were a British musical duo composed of Grant Showbiz and James F. T. Hood.
History.
Grant Showbiz was a onetime roadie and guitar tech who later produced albums by the Smiths, Billy Bragg, Silverfish, and Gong. James Hood was a former drummer for the Pretenders, the Impossible Dreamers, Kid Creole &amp; the Coconuts, and Jeff Beck. After Showbiz and Hood teamed up in 1989, the duo released the album "Moodfood" (Arista/BMG, 1992), which scored a hit with a remade single of "Spiritual High (State of Independence) Pt. II", which featured vocals by Chrissie Hynde; (the original song is called "State of Independence" written by Jon Anderson and Vangelis from the Jon and Vangelis album "The Friends of Mr Cairo"). "Spiritual High Pt. III", from the same album, featured samples from Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I Have a Dream" speech.
The "Live at Leeds" EP (Arista) followed in 1994 (with artwork styled after the album by the Who of the same name), and in 1997, the group released "Psychedelicatessen" (Arista/BMG), which featured vocals from Tanita Tikaram, on the song "Oh Happy Day". Grant Showbiz was a member of Moodswings up until the album "Horizontal", which James Hood solo-produced (Varèse Sarabande, 2002). Julee Cruise sang vocals on two tracks from "Horizontal": "Seems to Remind Me" and "Into the Blue". Hood contributed "Storm in a Teacup" from the same album for the 2005 documentary "Do You Believe? Another World Is Possible".
Impact.
"Spiritual High II" was played during the closing credits of the 1992 Bridget Fonda film, "Single White Female".
"The Great Sound of Letting Go" was featured in the Chris Morris radio series "Blue Jam" and its TV counterpart "Jam".

</doc>
<doc id="6983673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983673" title="Annabella, County Cork">
Annabella, County Cork

Annabella is a townland near Mallow, County Cork in Ireland. Some sources give the townland's Irish name as "Eanach-bile", and translate it as "marsh of the sacred tree ["bile"]". Other sources dispute this derivation as a back-formed neologism. Mallow railway station (built c.1845) lies within Annabella townland.

</doc>
<doc id="6983676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983676" title="ASJ Tessimond">
ASJ Tessimond



</doc>
<doc id="6983677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983677" title="3d Battalion, 5th Marines">
3d Battalion, 5th Marines



</doc>
<doc id="6983683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983683" title="Deep perineal pouch">
Deep perineal pouch

The deep perineal pouch (also Broca pouch or deep perineal space) is the anatomic space enclosed in part by the perineum and located superior to the perineal membrane.
Structure.
The deep perineal pouch is bordered inferiorly by the perineal membrane, also known as the inferior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm. It is bordered superiorly by the superior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm. The deep pouch is now described as the region between the perineal membrane and the pelvic diaphragm.
Contents.
The deep perineal pouch contains:
Urogenital diaphragm.
Older texts have asserted the existence of a "urogenital diaphragm", which was described as a layer of the pelvis that separates the "deep perineal sac" from the upper pelvis. The deep perineal pouch lies between the inferior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm and superior fascia of the urogenital diaphragm.

</doc>
<doc id="6983685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983685" title="Shoot The Runner">
Shoot The Runner



</doc>
<doc id="6983696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983696" title="Envelope journalism">
Envelope journalism



</doc>
<doc id="6983701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983701" title="Contra body movement">
Contra body movement

Contra body movement (CBM, sometimes called contrary body movement) is used in ballroom dances, such as waltz, foxtrot, tango, and quickstep. It comprises turning the body (hips and shoulders) against the movement of the legs: either moving forward with the right foot and the left hip and shoulder, or vice versa.
Creating CBM.
CBM is turning the right side of the body towards a left moving leg or turning the left side of the body towards a right moving leg. The body and the leg must move at the same time, and not one after the other. CBM occurs on forward or backward steps only (or diagonal steps which still feature forward or backward movement), and not on side steps. Thus, CBM occurs in the following four scenarios:
The overall effect and intention of CBM is smooth transition from linear to rotational movement. Thus, CBM is often followed by sway.
Examples.
One occurrence of CBM can be observed in a left rock (adlib) turn in American Foxtrot. As the leader takes their second step (the second "slow"), CBM occurs as the right leg moves backward and the left side of the body moves backward, causing the body to begin rotation to the left. Similarly, as the follower takes their second step (the second "slow"), CBM occurs as the left leg moves forward and the right side of the torso moves forward, causing the body to begin rotation to the left.
An exaggerated CBM is the basic of some specific dance moves, e.g., Chicken Walks in Jive and East Coast Swing.
Contra body movement position (CBMP).
Contra body movement position (CBMP, or contrary body movement position) is a position rather than a movement. CBMP is the foot position achieved when the moving foot is placed on or across the line of the standing foot, in front of or behind it.
The term is slightly verbose in an attempt to make it self-describing and to stress the similarity of the dancer's feet position with respect to the body as if a step with CBM was performed.
However, the most important usage of this term in ballroom dancing is to describe steps when a foot moves across the standing foot, while the torso moves in the same direction as the moving foot without rotation. CBMP is routinely used in steps taken in promenade position or outside partner step in order to maintain the relative body position of the couple. CBMP and CBM often occur together in turning steps commenced outside partner or in promenade, but in such case the CBMP is required by the commencing position and is not a result of the turn. 
In the ballroom tango, most forward steps of the man's left foot are placed in front of the right foot in CBMP, due to the tango's characteristic compact hold and movement slightly biased towards the right side of the body. Forward steps of the left foot in tango which commence a reverse (left) turn will also utilize CBM in the body in addition to a CBMP foot position.

</doc>
<doc id="6983705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983705" title="Tilt (1979 film)">
Tilt (1979 film)

Tilt is a 1979 American comedy-drama film about pinball hustling, starring Charles Durning and Brooke Shields as the young titular lead. It was directed by Rudy Durand.
Plot.
The film opens in Texas, where Neil Gallagher (Ken Marshall) challenges obese pinball champion Harold Remmens (Durning), appropriately nicknamed "The Whale," to a $400 match. When Neil gets caught cheating, he heads off to California, where he meets teen runaway Brenda "Tilt" Davenport (Shields), a 14-year-old pinball wizard. Neil watches as Tilt and the owner of Mickey's Bar hustle an unaware gambler in a game of pinball, and immediately decides to team up with her. He tells her that he is a hopeful country and western star and needs to raise money to make a demo tape of his songs. After hearing Neil's musical talent, she's impressed and agrees to help by traveling with him, raising cash with her pinball skills. When the two eventually end up back in his hometown, Neil sets up a $3500 game between Tilt and the Whale. However, he doesn't realize that Tilt has caught on to his lies and manipulation, and his big plans may not go as he hoped.
Reception.
Roger Sharpe heavily criticized the film due to it combining pinball and gambling less than 3 years after the New York court hearing where he proved pinball was a game of skill. He said "everyone has to divest themselves of any connection with the film and with the image it represents for the games", with concern of how it might affect repeal of any remaining legislation restricting pinball.

</doc>
<doc id="6983716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983716" title="Discovery Center at Murfree Spring">
Discovery Center at Murfree Spring

The Discovery Center is a children's museum, nature center and wetlands boardwalk near downtown Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Exhibits include themed exploration areas for town life, science, trains, cars, a fire engine and farmers market. There are live animals on display, an outdoor nature play area, and trails through the wetlands.
History.
The Discovery Center began as the "Discovery House", a children's museum, in 1986. During its first year of operation it had 11,000 visitors.
In 1995 after it outgrew its old location the Discovery House staff, Congressman Bart Gordon and Murfreesboro Mayor Joe Jackson, with the help of the United States Army Corps of Engineers, began to study the possibility of reusing the vacated site of the old Murfreesboro Water &amp; Sewer Plant. After several years it was decided that, for environmental reasons, the old structures should be demolished and new buildings built.
In 1996 the City of Murfreesboro leased 6 acres of city land to the Discovery House. The Board of Directors, with the help of local citizens, was able to procure a large amount of privately donated wetlands. They then began a grassroots funding campaign to raise the money needed for the 'Discovery Center". By 1999 $1.8 million had been raised and the construction of the center began in 2001. Its grand opening was held August 3, 2002.
As well as its museum the Discovery Center includes of wetland. The Discovery Center and the City's Greenway trail system and parks have reversed decades of local environmental damage and preserved large areas of vanishing wetlands and natural areas which include rare native plants. The Discovery Center marsh contains the state's largest population of sessile water-speedwell.
Today the Center receives over 130,000 visitors annually.

</doc>
<doc id="6983720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983720" title="Mill Park, Portland, Oregon">
Mill Park, Portland, Oregon

Mill Park is a neighborhood in the outer Southeast section of Portland, Oregon, United States. It borders Hazelwood on the west, north and east, and Powellhurst-Gilbert on the south.
In addition to the park of the same name (acquired 1986), the neighborhood includes Midland Park (1986), Stark Street Island (1986), and Floyd Light Park (1985). Portland Parks &amp; Recreation also operates the East Portland Community Center in the neighborhood. Midland Library, servicing Multnomah County, is also located in Mill Park.
The neighborhood is home to Fir Ridge Campus, Floyd Light Middle School, and Mill Park Elementary in the David Douglas School District. It is also home to Portland Christian Elementary School.
Since 1996, the Mill Park neighborhood has been home to US Senator Jeff Merkley.

</doc>
<doc id="6983724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983724" title="Neshites">
Neshites



</doc>
<doc id="6983738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983738" title="Primordialists">
Primordialists



</doc>
<doc id="6983739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983739" title="Varadinum">
Varadinum



</doc>
<doc id="6983744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983744" title="Neshite">
Neshite



</doc>
<doc id="6983767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983767" title="ROCS Shao Yang (DDG-929)">
ROCS Shao Yang (DDG-929)



</doc>
<doc id="6983768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983768" title="Microphyte">
Microphyte



</doc>
<doc id="6983770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983770" title="Kathputhli slum">
Kathputhli slum



</doc>
<doc id="6983775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983775" title="ROCS Shao Yang">
ROCS Shao Yang



</doc>
<doc id="6983776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983776" title="Shao Yang">
Shao Yang



</doc>
<doc id="6983777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983777" title="Pine View Middle School">
Pine View Middle School



</doc>
<doc id="6983782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983782" title="Streetcar (carsharing)">
Streetcar (carsharing)

Streetcar was the largest carsharing/car club company in the United Kingdom, established in 2004, which merged with the American company Zipcar in 2010, following a period of investment by Smedvig Capital.
Streetcar vehicles were parked in a dense network of dedicated spaces primarily in London, but also across a total of 10 UK cities including Brighton, Bristol, Cambridge, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Oxford, Guildford, Maidstone and Southampton. Members could book vehicles from 30 minutes up to six months, online or by phone. A smartcard was used to pick up and return the car at any time.
History.
Durham University friends Brett Akker and Andrew Valentine founded Streetcar in April 2004 after seeing its commercial success in Europe and North America. They started with 8 cars in locations near Clapham Junction station, and much of the growth since inception has occurred organically through word-of-mouth recommendations. In March 2007, Streetcar took on £6.4m from Smedvig Capital - an investment which saw Trevor Chinn come on board as chairman.
The Streetcar fleet consisted of VW Golfs, VW Polos, VW Transporter vans and VW Tourans. From January 2010, Streetcar also introduced the BMW 1 Series and BMW 3 Series to their fleet. The BMW models Streetcar chose, the 116d, 118d and 318d
In June 2009, Streetcar became the first UK car club to provide an electric car (Toyota Prius) to its members, as part of a trial with Camden Council.
In January 2010, the company launched their own iPhone application, allowing members across the UK to locate, book and unlock a car using their iPhone or iPod touch.
Streetcar had over 1,200 locations across 10 UK cities including; London, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Bristol, Cambridge, Oxford, Brighton, Southampton, Guildford, and Maidstone.
Following the 2010 merger with Zipcar, the fleet merged under the Zipcar brand and the in-vehicle technology was combined to provide membership of both companies access to more than 1,000 vehicles around England, as well as international access to vehicles in Zipcar's existing markets across the United States, and Canada. The merger plan resulted in a request from the Office of Fair Trading for an enquiry by the British Competition Commission, as a merger would mean that the combined company would control 80-90% of the UK market, but the merger was cleared on 22 December 2010.
Membership details.
Streetcars were booked online or by phone, and could be collected and returned at any time using the member's personal smart card and PIN. Usage charges were based on the length of time the client kept the car, and mileage during the rental (the first 20 miles per calendar day were free); currently ZipCar offers 40 free miles per day. In June 2009 Streetcar announced that members would no longer have to pay London's congestion charge. For car bookings over 72 hours the cost of fuel was included (up to a fair use limit of 500 miles per week, excluding peak weekends; this did not apply in July and August). For bookings shorter than 72 hours, 20 miles' free fuel was provided per calendar day, after which additional mileage was charged at 22p per mile. On 1 March 2011, Streetcar announced that their Overnight Rate would become a permanent feature, after previously being a limited offer. With this, members could book a Streetcar or Streetvan from 6pm to 9am, Monday to Thursday, for £25.
Membership of Streetcar used to cost £59.50 per year, with cars available from £5.25 per hour. Since its merger with Zipcar in 2010, the membership fee has stayed the same but the cost per hour has decreased slightly to £5 for midweek and increased to £6 for weekends.
Streetcar for Business.
In 2008, Streetcar launched "Streetcar for Business" as a result of its developing relationship with companies across the UK, and in recognition of the differing needs of businesses and individuals. Business accounts (which cost £99 annually ex VAT) provided employees with access to every vehicle in the Streetcar fleet, with the option to add drivers to the account for a one-off charge of £10 each. The service was used as an example of a practical and green alternative to grey fleets or reimbursed private mileage.
Over 2,000 businesses were registered members of Streetcar for Business, with corporate clients of the pay-as-you-go scheme include Kellogg’s, as well as local government authorities including Surrey County Council.
Streetvan.
In July 2008, Streetcar launched Streetvan, in conjunction with Homebase and Big Yellow Self Storage. Streetvan membership cost £19.50 per year, and provided members with access to every van in the fleet. All vehicles are VW Transporter vans, and are available for £8.95 per hour. Following the merger this service became Zipvan.
Environmental and financial benefits.
Research by Transport for London showed that each Streetcar took some 26 cars off the roads for every one club car put on the road.
Research also showed that using carsharing clubs such as Streetcar can have financial benefits. According to the government-sponsored website carclubs.org.uk, car owners who drove less than 6,000 miles a year could save up to £3,500.

</doc>
<doc id="6983793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983793" title="Inky Moore">
Inky Moore

Enoch S. "Inky" Moore Jr. (1925 – October 15, 2000) was a conservation advocate from North Newton Township, Newville, Pennsylvania. 
He was a graduate of Riverside High School in Buffalo, New York. Later he joined the United States Navy and served in World War II and the Korean War.
He was appointed by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Ridge to represent the sixth district for the state Fish and Boat Commission and founded or presided in a number of conservation schools and camps, such as the Carlisle Fish and Game Association (charter member and former president), Cumberland County Chapter of Trout Unlimited (co-founder), Rivers Conservation and Fly Fishing Youth Camp, Carlisle (co-founder), and Cumberland County Junior Conservation School (co-founder and staff member).
He was posthumously given the state's Ralph W. Abele Conservation Heritage Award for the year 2000, for having "personally invested heavily in the long-term education of Pennsylvania’s youth on conservation issues vital to an improved aquatic environment." He had been a member of the award committee, and was reviewing nominations for the award to the day before his death.
Moore died on October 15, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="6983796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983796" title="The Killing Floor (2007 film)">
The Killing Floor (2007 film)

The Killing Floor is a 2007 American psychological horror film directed by Gideon Raff. It stars Marc Blucas, Shiri Appleby, and Reiko Aylesworth.
Plot.
David Lamont, a successful literary agent in New York City who is known to be ruthless toward friends, foes, and clients alike, moves into his new penthouse apartment. There he meets his mysterious and beautiful neighbor, Audrey Lavine, who lives on the third floor.
Shortly thereafter, he receives a visit from an investigator and a man who claims that the penthouse belongs to his father who never sold it. David tells them the apartment is his, everything is in legal order, and if they have a problem to talk with his lawyer.
Soon after he starts receiving mysterious and increasingly disturbing packages. The first package contains photographs of violent crimes, seemingly taken within his new apartment. As the days progress, the packages become more ominous, including DVDs that show David's every move, indicating he is being watched constantly.
David’s sense of security erodes as he realizes that someone has access to his apartment. He enlists the help of his friend and colleague, Rebecca Fay, and hires a private investigator, Detective Martin Soll, to uncover who might be behind the surveillance and the threatening messages.
As the investigation deepens, David learns about the apartment's dark history, which includes a series of brutal murders. The sense of paranoia grows as he becomes suspicious of everyone around him.
The tension reaches a climax when David discovers hidden cameras and evidence suggesting that someone has been living in the apartment with him unnoticed. His mental state deteriorates as the lines between reality and paranoia blur. The film builds up to a dramatic and unexpected conclusion where the true identity and motives of the stalker are revealed.
Release.
The World Premiere for "The Killing Floor" was at 9:30 P.M., April 14, 2007 at the Malibu Film Festival. The Region 1 DVD rights have been acquired by THINKFilm with a direct-to-DVD release of January 8, 2008.
The film was released on DVD in Sweden by Noble Entertainment on March 14, 2007. The release date for the UK was May 21, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6983799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983799" title="AgentSheets">
AgentSheets

AgentSheets is a block-based programming language designed for children. AgentSheets uses drag-and-drop mechanisms with commands such as conditions and actions as editable blocks that could be composed into programs.
The main building blocks of AgentSheets were interactive objects, or "agents", that were programmed through rules. Using conditions, agents could sense the user input, including speech recognition and webpage content. Using actions, agents could move, produce sounds, open webpages, and compute formulas.
History.
The first prototype of AgentSheets ran in 1989 at the University of Colorado, NCAR, and Connection Machine 2. In 1991, behavior such as a train following train tracks can be specified through before/after rules. These rules are programming by example.
In 1996, with the support of the National Science Foundation, AgentSheets became a commercial product. More interaction modalities have been added (e.g., speech recognition for Mac), scientific visualization has been refined (e.g., 3D real-time plotting on Mac versions), and Japanese and Greek translations have been added. In 2010, AgentSheets 3 was released.
AgentSheets was supported by Scalable Game Design aligned with the International Society for Technology in Education's National Educational Technology Standards (NETS). The NSF ITEST program has in some schools over 900 students participating per year, per school. Over 52% of whom were girls. Of the girls, 85% enjoyed the scalable game design course, and 78% would like to take another game design course.
Design.
The built-in drag-and-drop language was designed for students. Similar to a spreadsheet, an AgentSheet was a computational grid. This grid contains numbers and strings (much like a normal spreadsheet) as well as "agents", or interactive objects programmed through rules. These agents are represented by pictures, can be animated, react to mouse/keyboard interactions, can read webpages, and can speak and recognize speech commands on Mac versions.

</doc>
<doc id="6983801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983801" title="R-mwc">
R-mwc



</doc>
<doc id="6983804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983804" title="Fantasticar">
Fantasticar



</doc>
<doc id="6983809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983809" title="R-MWC">
R-MWC



</doc>
<doc id="6983811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983811" title="Peter O'Doherty">
Peter O'Doherty

Peter O'Doherty (born 23 March 1958) is a New Zealand-born Australian musician and visual artist. He is a founder of Australian pop band, Dog Trumpet, in 1991 on guitar and vocals, alongside his older brother, Chris O'Doherty ( Reg Mombassa) on guitar, keyboards, harmonica and vocals. They were also members of new wave group, Mental as Anything, which O'Doherty joined in August 1977 on bass guitar and vocals, until they both left in 2000. As a visual artist, O'Doherty specialised in still life and everyday suburban scenes. His wife Susan, is also a visual artist.
Early life to Mental as Anything.
Peter O'Doherty was born in Auckland, New Zealand on 23 March 1958; with his family he emigrated to Sydney in 1969. His father, James, and mother were landscape painters. His older brother, Chris ( Reg Mombassa, born 1951), attended art school where he formed a new wave group, Mental As Anything, in early 1976 with his fellow students. O'Doherty attended high school on Sydney's Northern Beaches, where he learnt classical guitar and later worked as a petrol station attendant. He appeared on stage with his brother's group in August 1977, initially filling in, and became a permanent member on bass guitar and vocals with Mombassa on lead guitar and vocals, Martin Plaza on vocals and guitar, Greedy Smith on vocals, keyboards and harmonica, and David Twohill on drums.
Unlike other members of the group's classic line-up, O'Doherty was billed under his real name on all their releases. (He was introduced as "Ouzo Pork" in a few early concerts, and acquired the occasionally-referenced nickname "Yoga Dog" later, but was always billed simply as Peter O'Doherty on all their records issued from 1978 through 1999.) During O'Doherty's time with the group they issued three Top 10 albums, "Cats &amp; Dogs" (September 1981), "Creatures of Leisure" (March 1983) and "Fundamental" (September 1985). He also composed tracks, including the singles "Close Again" and "Brain Brain", provided guitar and designed covers and art work.
Art career.
Although O'Doherty never attended art school, he became a prolific visual artist alongside his acclaimed brother, Mombassa. They had left Mental as Anything in 2000 to concentrate on their art and music careers. His wife Susan is also a visual artist, "[she] paints her more abstract pieces," while O'Doherty specialised in still life and built landscapes. He has entered the art competition of the Archibald Prize with his works relegated to the "Salon des Refusés".
Solo and side projects to Dog Trumpet.
In 1987, with O'Doherty and Plaza with members of Gang Gajang, he recorded a country music album credited to the Stetsons. During the late 1980s and early 1990s he performed live with the bands the Bejesus Burgers and the Happening Thang.
Since 2000 O'Doherty's main musical outlet has been Dog Trumpet, a collaboration with Mombassa, formed as a side-project in 1991. The Dog Trumpet sound reflects affection for 1960s pop and psychedelia. They have released 8 albums and 3 EP's; the latest album is Shadowland, released on all formats on 4 November 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6983812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983812" title="Gustav Giemsa">
Gustav Giemsa

Berthold Carl Gustav Giemsa (; November 20, 1867 – June 10, 1948) was a German chemist and bacteriologist who was a native of Medar-Blechhammer (now part of the city Kędzierzyn-Koźle). He is best known for creating a dye solution commonly known as "Giemsa stain" which is used in staining for use in the histopathological diagnosis of malaria and parasites such as "Plasmodium", "Trypanosoma", and "Chlamydia".
Life and work.
Giemsa was born in Blechhammer (now Blachownia Śląska, a district within the city of Kędzierzyn-Koźle) to Gustav, a mining official and Franziska. He studied pharmacy and mineralogy at the University of Leipzig (1892-94), and then worked between 1895 and 1898 as a pharmacist at the government hospital in Dar-es-Salaam, German East Africa. He returned in 1898 and studied chemistry and bacteriology at the University of Berlin and then became an assistant to Bernhard Nocht at the "Institut für Tropenmedizin" in Hamburg, and in 1900 became head of the Department of Chemistry. 
In 1904 Giemsa published an essay on the staining procedure for flagellates, blood cells, and bacteria. Giemsa improved the Romanowsky stain (Eosin Y and Methylene Blue) by stabilizing this dye solution with glycerol. This allowed for reproducible staining of cells for microscopy purposes. This method made rapid malaria screening feasible and is still used in laboratories today.
In 1933 Giemsa signed the "Vow of allegiance of the Professors of the German Universities and High-Schools to Adolf Hitler and the National Socialistic State". He also joined the NSDAP.

</doc>
<doc id="6983815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983815" title="Ace Ventura, Jr.">
Ace Ventura, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6983819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983819" title="Kaiser Schmarren">
Kaiser Schmarren



</doc>
<doc id="6983820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983820" title="Hometime (American TV series)">
Hometime (American TV series)

Hometime is an American PBS home improvement television program. It aired from November 1, 1986, to January 30, 2016. "Hometime" was broadcast on public television and in syndication.
"Hometime" was produced by Hometime Video Publishing of Chaska, Minnesota, in association with WHYY-TV—Wilmington/Philadelphia. In 1987, Hometime Video Publishing set up a duplication arm, The Duplication Factory, to produce videotapes of the program for home release.
"Hometime" demonstrates both do-it-yourself- and contractor-performed projects, ranging from simple weekend projects to complete homes. "Hometime" episodes have covered many aspects of home construction and maintenance.
Hosts.
Although Dean Johnson has continuously hosted "Hometime" since its inception, there have been five co-hosts and one tri-co-host:

</doc>
<doc id="6983826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983826" title="Robert Lee Norton House">
Robert Lee Norton House

The Robert Lee Norton House is a historic house located at 2045 Church Street in Cypress, Florida.
Description and history.
The Queen Anne style house was completed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 22, 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="6983831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983831" title="List of extinct flora of Australia">
List of extinct flora of Australia



</doc>
<doc id="6983838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983838" title="Iron Horse (TV series)">
Iron Horse (TV series)

Iron Horse is an American Western television series that appeared on ABC from 1966 to 1968 and starred Dale Robertson as fictional gambler-turned-railroad baron Ben Calhoun. Costars included Gary Collins, Robert Random and Ellen Burstyn (who was billed as Ellen McRae). The series pilot was released as the film "Scalplock".
Synopsis.
The plot centered on Calhoun's poker game-win of the incomplete Buffalo Pass, Scalplock, &amp; Defiance Railroad and his attempts to finish the line despite ever-present obstacles.
A running subplot was Calhoun's frequent and (for TV at that time) flagrant sexual dalliances with his many attractive female guest stars, as well as his steadier on and off arrangement with Julie Parsons, played by Ellen Burstyn. Though he was never shown in bed with any of them, there was little doubt about what was happening between scenes; and marriage was never proposed as a possibility. The second season minimized Calhoun's sexual exploits somewhat, perhaps in response to viewer complaints.
Much of the external footage involving trains was shot on the historic Sierra Railroad in and around Jamestown and Sonora, California.
The filming was produced by Screen Gems.
Home media.
On October 2, 2012 Sony Pictures Home Entertainment was due to release the first season of the series on DVD through an online manufacture-on-demand program via Amazon.com and Warner Bros, Archives, but this release has been delayed.

</doc>
<doc id="6983841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983841" title="Less than Zero (Elvis Costello song)">
Less than Zero (Elvis Costello song)

"Less than Zero" is the debut single by Elvis Costello, released in 1977 on Stiff Records. It is the eighth track on Costello's debut album, "My Aim Is True". Written about British fascist Oswald Mosley, the song features what "AllMusic" described as a "slow, slinky [and] sinister" melody.
Background.
The song expressed Costello's anger after seeing former British Union of Fascists leader Oswald Mosley interviewed on television, attempting to deny his racist past. In the liner notes to the Rhino edition of the album, Costello writes:
On his first visit to the United States, Costello found that American audiences did not understand the song, writing in his 2015 autobiography, "Unfaithful Music and Disappearing Ink": "I'm not sure if anyone in Cleveland had ever heard of Oswald Mosley or gave a damn about him when we played 'Less Than Zero' that night. It was just some rock and roll music with a fashionable-sounding title". Later, he substantially rewrote the lyrics to refer to Lee Harvey Oswald. This was a reference to the common misconception among American fans that this was the "Mr. Oswald" referred to in the original lyrics. This version is usually referred to as the "Dallas version" and is available as a bonus track on the "My Aim is True" reissue, and a live version can be found on "Live at the El Mocambo".
Lyrics and music.
"Less than Zero" fits in with a number of others on early Costello albums that deal with themes of fascism and totalitarianism, which also include "Night Rally" from "This Year's Model" and "Goon Squad" from "Armed Forces". In this case, a racist and totalitarian movement is seen in terms of sub rosa teenage sex: "Turn up the TV...even your mother won't detect it/So your father won't know."
Allmusic critic Mark Deming describes the melody as "slow, slinky [and] sinister". Deming also suggests that the melody shows some reggae influences, even though the rhythm does not incorporate reggae syncopations. Deming describes the song as "controversial, audacious, and highly effective" as well as "a truly remarkable debut."
Release.
In addition to its release on "My Aim Is True". "Less than Zero" was released as Costello's first single. The single featured the non-album B-side, "Radio Sweetheart", which later appeared on the second Stiff Records various artists sampler, "Hits Greatest Stiffs". A song with both country and psychedelic elements, it's been noted as a song more experimental than the tracks on his early albums. The single did not chart. "Less than Zero" also appears on the first Stiff Records compilation "A Bunch of Stiff Records".
"Saturday Night Live" incident.
The song was also involved in Costello's infamous performance on "Saturday Night Live" on 17 December 1977. Following pressure from his record company to play the song on the show, Costello began to play the song, but he stopped after only a few bars, saying that "there's no reason to do this song here". He then launched into an unannounced performance of "Radio Radio", a song he had promised not to play. As a result, he was banned from the series until 1989. In 2015, Costello wrote of having seen his appearance on "Saturday Night Live" as an opportunity equivalent to the Beatles' first live US television performance on "The Ed Sullivan Show": "[...] Columbia insisted that the second song should be 'Less than Zero'. The song had already proven to be obscure to many American ears, and if this was supposed to be our "I Want to Hold Your Hand" moment, I thought the song was too low-key." He had then come up with the plan to switch songs, inspired by a live performance on the BBC's "The Lulu Show" in 1969 in which Jimi Hendrix had scrapped a performance of "Hey Joe" after a few bars, to instead play an impromptu tribute to Cream, who had broken up just days before.

</doc>
<doc id="6983845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983845" title="Arabesh">
Arabesh



</doc>
<doc id="6983852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983852" title="Wajdi Mouawad">
Wajdi Mouawad

Wajdi Mouawad, OC, (; born 1968) is a Lebanese-Canadian writer, actor, and director. He is known in Canadian and French theatre for politically engaged works such as the acclaimed play "Incendies" (2003). His works often revolve around family trauma, war, and the betrayal of youth. Since April 2016, Mouawad has been the director of the Théâtre national de la Colline in Paris.
Early life and education.
Born in Lebanon, Mouawad's family left the country when he was eight due to the outbreak of the Lebanese Civil War. 
He moved to Montreal in 1983 after living in France for five years.
He obtained his diploma in () from the National Theatre School of Canada in 1991.
Career.
In 1998, his creation "Willy Protagoras enfermé dans les toilettes" ("Willy Protagoras locked up in the toilets") was voted best Montreal-based production by l'Association québécoise des critiques de théâtre.
From 2000 to 2004, he led the Théâtre de Quat'sous in Montreal.
In 2004 he directed and produced his first film, "Littoral", based on the play of the same name.
In September 2007, he became the artistic director of the National Arts Centre's French Theatre in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
In early 2011, Mouawad cast French rock musician Bertrand Cantat in Chœurs, his production of a trilogy of Greek plays by Sophocles. This sparked widespread public criticism in Canada, as Cantat had recently been released after serving four years for the murder of his girlfriend, French actress Marie Trintignant. Canadian politicians suggested barring Cantat's entry into the country, as he failed to meet legal requirements for the entry of former convicts. In April 2011 the artistic director of Théâtre du Nouveau Monde, Lorraine Pintal, announced that Cantat would not be performing in Chœurs in Canada, though he did tour with the production in France, Belgium and Switzerland. Mouawad responded to the controversy by publishing an open letter to his three-year-old daughter Aimee in the newspaper "Le Devoir", arguing for Cantat's right to complete reintegration into society.
Since April 2016, Mouawad has been the director of the Théâtre national de la Colline in Paris.
Work.
His play "Incendies" (Scorched) has been produced all over the world, including the United States, Brazil, Austria, Germany, Mexico, Spain and Australia, and the 2007 production at the Tarragon Theatre in Toronto won several awards. The Vienna Burgtheater assigned Stefan Bachmann with the stage production. It subsequently received much praise from critics, winning the "Nestroy Award" in 2007. In 2011 "Incendies", the film version of the play directed by Denis Villeneuve was Canada's official selection for the Academy Awards.
Adaptations.
He has adapted different works for the theatre, from "Don Quixote" to "Trainspotting". 

</doc>
<doc id="6983853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983853" title="The A-team">
The A-team



</doc>
<doc id="6983865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983865" title="Jon &quot;Bowser&quot; Bauman">
Jon &quot;Bowser&quot; Bauman



</doc>
<doc id="6983867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983867" title="Knight Life">
Knight Life

Knight Life (), is an Arthurian fantasy novel by American writer Peter David. The book was first published in 1987, and an expanded, updated edition of the book was published by Ace Books in 2002.
Plot summary.
In a rundown apartment in New Jersey, Morgan Le Fay has finally decided to end her own life. Although kept immortal by magic, she has become apathetic, elderly, and corpulent, and sees no point in continuing with her life. Before cutting her wrist with a steak knife, she decides to look in on her old nemesis, Merlin's prison, one last time, and is surprised to see that he has escaped. Given a reason to live again, she laughs triumphantly.
In Manhattan, King Arthur appears on the streets in full medieval armor, which he quickly divests in favor of a tailored suit (thanks to an American Express card that appears in his pocket by magic). He then walks into Central Park, where the Lady of the Lake rises from the pond and gives him Excalibur.
Setting up an office under the name "Arthur Penn" (short for Pendragon), Arthur reunites with Merlin, who advises him that the world needs a leader like him, so Arthur decides to enter politics, beginning with announcing his candidacy for Mayor of New York City. As he is setting up his campaign headquarters, he hires the first applicant for an executive secretary, Gwen DeVere Queen, despite Merlin's disapproval. Arthur also "acquires," as hangers-on, two petty thugs, Buddy and Elvis, who crossed his path in Central Park and became awed by him.
After collecting the requisite number of signatures to run as an independent candidate, Arthur begins his campaign with impromptu speeches on street corners in New York, where his medieval, yet chivalric views fascinate random passers-by. His campaign alarms his illegitimate son Modred, who is immortal thanks to his mother Morgan's sorcery, but now works as a campaign manager for the Republican mayoral candidate.
Two versions.
The original version of the book sold decently, but was not a runaway best seller. During his efforts to bring the book to the big screen, Peter David grew more and more dissatisfied with what he considered to be an amateur novel. He was also concerned with how dated the story seemed, with anachronisms such as an office filled with clattering typewriters and an almost non-existent Republican presence in New York City mayoral politics. Because he had updated and expanded the story when writing a screenplay version of it during one of the numerous times it was optioned to be adapted into a film, he decided to rewrite the novel, incorporating aspects from the screenplay version, and bringing it more into line with how his writing style developed over the years. Whereas the original edition contained 65,000 words, the 2002 edition contains 95,000.
Influences.
"Knight Life" is influenced by numerous Arthurian literary works, including the following:
Film.
The novel was optioned to be adapted into a film several times, for which Peter David wrote a screenplay version of the story, but to date it has never been brought forward into production.
Sequels.
The 2002 edition of the book was followed by two sequels, "One Knight Only" in 2003, and "Fall of Knight" in 2006.
Reception.
Lynn Bryant reviewed "Knight Life" in "Space Gamer/Fantasy Gamer" No. 79. Bryant commented that "The only problem with reading "Knight Life" is that afterward, you wish that it could really happen. An enjoyable, quick read that will make you laugh out loud."

</doc>
<doc id="6983868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983868" title="Canadian Football League clubs in the United States">
Canadian Football League clubs in the United States



</doc>
<doc id="6983871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983871" title="Erwin House (Greenwood, Florida)">
Erwin House (Greenwood, Florida)

The Erwin House (also known as the Syfrett House) is a historic site in Greenwood, Florida. It is situated on Fort Road, east of SR 71. On June 5, 1974, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The house was originally home to John A. Syfrett and other small farmers who purchased of land in Greenwood in 1839. Although not part of the landed gentry, these respected farmers were important to the agricultural output of Jackson County. The prosperity of the Syfrett family is evidenced by several outbuildings, including a barn, smoke house, carriage house, office building, and small slave cabin.
The Syfrett farm was sold to Mary Roberts in 1851. The title was transferred through the possession of Henry Bryan to Franklin Hart in 1855. M. F. Erwin purchased the house in 1861, and it has remained in the family since then.

</doc>
<doc id="6983881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983881" title="ROCS Kuen Yang (DDG-919)">
ROCS Kuen Yang (DDG-919)



</doc>
<doc id="6983884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983884" title="ROCS Kun Yang (DD-8)">
ROCS Kun Yang (DD-8)



</doc>
<doc id="6983885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983885" title="Process specification">
Process specification

Process Specification is a business term for the specification of a process. It is not unique to business activity, but can be applied to any organizational activity. 
Within some structured methods, the capitalized term Process Specification refers to a description of the procedure to be followed by an actor within an elementary level business activity, as represented on a process model such as a dataflow diagram or IDEF0 model. A common alias is "minispec", short for "miniature specification". 
Use in systems development.
The process specification defines what must be done to transform inputs into outputs. It is a detailed set of instructions outlining a business procedure that each elementary level business activity is expected to carry out. Process specifications are commonly included as integral components of requirements documents in systems development. 
Techniques.
A variety of approaches can be used to produce a process specification, including:
No matter what approach is used, a specification must communicate to system development designers, implementers and support professionals, and be verifiable by stakeholders and end users.

</doc>
<doc id="6983889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983889" title="Great Oaks (Greenwood, Florida)">
Great Oaks (Greenwood, Florida)

The Great Oaks (also known as the Bryan Mansion) is a historic site in Greenwood, Florida. It is located south of the junction of SR 69 and 71. In 1972, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It was built during 1857 to 1861. Its NRHP nomination states:Great Oaks Plantation represents some of the best features of the Greek Revival style of architecture and yet it is reflective of a type of dwelling which seems to have been indigenous to the plantation societies of the South. That is to say, it is not Greek Revival architecture in its purest form, but rather an adaptation, probably the work of a local artisan, to the demands of a self-sustaining aristocracy.

</doc>
<doc id="6983893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983893" title="ROCS Kun Yang">
ROCS Kun Yang



</doc>
<doc id="6983898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983898" title="Kun Yang">
Kun Yang

Kun Yang (; born 1967), is a Chinese physicist. 
He received a bachelor of science from Fudan University in 1989.
In 1994 he got his Ph.D. in the condensed matter theory from the Indiana University Bloomington. From 1994 to 1997, he worked as a postdoctoral research associate at Princeton University and from 1997 to 1999, he was the Sherman Fairchild's senior research fellow at California Institute of Technology. He joined the faculty of Florida State University in 1999 and since then dedicated his life to study unconventional superconductors and quantum magnetism. Currently he is a professor at the Florida State University and is an author of over 80 peer-reviewed articles.

</doc>
<doc id="6983900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983900" title="Burger fuel">
Burger fuel



</doc>
<doc id="6983916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983916" title="Dub sack">
Dub sack



</doc>
<doc id="6983918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983918" title="Heartland Payment Systems">
Heartland Payment Systems

Heartland Payment Systems, Inc. is a U.S.-based payment processing and technology provider. Founded in 1997, Heartland Payment Systems' last headquarters were in Princeton, New Jersey. The company was acquired by Global Payments for $4.3 billion in 2016.
Heartland Payment Systems provides payment processing for more than 275,000 business locations in the United States and processes more than 11 million transactions a day and more than $80 billion in transactions a year, as of 2014.
In addition to payment processing, Heartland has developed or acquired businesses in payroll processing, gift card and campus card, point of sale systems, school payments and nutrition, network management, mobile payments and ordering, eCommerce, billing, and lending services.
History.
Heartland was co-founded by Robert O. Carr in Princeton, New Jersey in 1997.
In 2001, the company received a $40 million private equity investment from Greenhill Capital Partners, L.P. (New York, NY), LLR Partners, Inc. (Philadelphia, PA), and their affiliated investment funds. The company went public on the New York Stock Exchange on August 11, 2005.
Security breach.
On January 20, 2009, Heartland announced that it had been "the victim of a security breach within its processing system in 2008". The data stolen included the digital information encoded onto the magnetic stripe built into the backs of credit and debit cards; with that data, thieves can fashion counterfeit credit cards by imprinting the same stolen information onto fabricated cards. One estimate claimed 100 million cards and more than 650 financial services companies were compromised; at the time, it was characterized as the largest ever criminal breach of card data.
An American computer hacker, Albert Gonzalez, was sentenced in March 2010 to 20 years in prison for his role in the hacking ring that broke into the Heartland computer systems. In February 2018, two Russian hackers were sentenced for a string of hacking including the Heartland breach.
On May 1, 2009, Visa and Heartland issued a statement that Heartland successfully validated its compliance with PCI DSS and was returned to Visa's list of PCI DSS Validated Service Providers.
End-to-end encryption.
On May 24, 2009, Heartland commercially launched their E3, an end-to-end encryption technology designed to safeguard credit and debit card account information from the moment of card swipe and through the Heartland network. Gartner Analyst Avivah Litan stated that Heartland "is basically leading the way for the rest of the industry." She also characterized its plan for end-to-end encryption as the first effort of its kind in the US.
Other processors including Worldpay US and several First Data ISO's announced end-to-end encryption initiatives soon after Heartland announced theirs.
Open letter to the electronic payments industry.
Following a keynote address to the Strategic Leadership Forum of the Electronic Transactions Association in October 2013, Heartland CEO Bob Carr published an open letter to the electronic payment processing industry urging an end to unethical, dishonest and illegal pricing practices, referencing the practice of deliberately falsifying interchange rates, deliberately falsifying merchant category codes (MCC), and the use of confusing small print to extort large fines from merchants.
Litigation against Mercury Payment Systems.
In January 2014, Heartland filed a lawsuit against the company Mercury Payment Systems, an electronic payment provider, for alleged false advertising and "other deceptive trade practices". The lawsuit concerns interchange fees charged by credit card networks and alleges violations of the Lanham Act and state laws.
Heartland Secure.
In May 2014, Heartland Secure is launched. Backed by a breach warranty, Heartland Secure combines three technologies to provide merchants with security and guard against monetization of stolen card data.
Merger with Global Payments.
In April 2016, Heartland and Global Payments completed their merger agreement. The combined company, Global Payments Inc., is publicly traded (NYSE: GPN), and has more than 8,500 employees worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="6983924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983924" title="Pender's Store">
Pender's Store

Pender's Store is a historic site in Greenwood, Florida. It is located near the junction of SR 69 and 71. On May 3, 1974, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6983937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983937" title="Primary immunodeficiency">
Primary immunodeficiency

Primary immunodeficiencies are disorders in which part of the body's immune system is missing or does not function normally. To be considered a "primary" immunodeficiency (PID), the immune deficiency must be inborn, not caused by secondary factors such as other disease, drug treatment, or environmental exposure to toxins. Most primary immunodeficiencies are genetic disorders; the majority are diagnosed in children under the age of one, although milder forms may not be recognized until adulthood. While there are over 430 recognized inborn errors of immunity (IEIs) as of 2019, the vast majority of which are PIDs, most are very rare. About 1 in 500 people in the United States are born with a primary immunodeficiency. Immune deficiencies can result in persistent or recurring infections, auto-inflammatory disorders, tumors, and disorders of various organs. There are currently limited treatments available for these conditions; most are specific to a particular type of PID. Research is currently evaluating the use of stem cell transplants (HSCT) and experimental gene therapies as avenues for treatment in limited subsets of PIDs.
Signs and symptoms.
The precise symptoms of a primary immunodeficiency depend on the type of defect. Generally, the symptoms and signs that lead to the diagnosis of an immunodeficiency include recurrent or persistent infections or developmental delay as a result of infection. Particular organ problems (e.g. diseases involving the skin, heart, facial development and skeletal system) may be present in certain conditions. Others predispose to autoimmune disease, where the immune system attacks the body's own tissues, or tumours (sometimes specific forms of cancer, such as lymphoma). The nature of the infections, as well as the additional features, may provide clues as to the exact nature of the immune defect.
Causes.
By definition, primary immune deficiencies are due to genetic causes. They may result from a single genetic defect, but most are multifactorial. They may be caused by recessive or dominant inheritance. Some are latent, and require a certain environmental trigger to become manifest, like the presence in the environment of a reactive allergen. Other problems become apparent due to aging of bodily and cellular maintenance processes.
Diagnosis.
The basic tests performed when an immunodeficiency is suspected should include a full blood count (including accurate lymphocyte and granulocyte counts) and immunoglobulin levels (the three most important types of antibodies: IgG, IgA and IgM).
Other tests are performed depending on the suspected disorder:
Due to the rarity of many primary immunodeficiencies, many of the above tests are highly specialised and tend to be performed in research laboratories.
Criteria for diagnosis were agreed in 1999. For instance, an antibody deficiency can be diagnosed in the presence of low immunoglobulins, recurrent infections and failure of the development of antibodies on exposure to antigens. The 1999 criteria also distinguish between "definitive", "probable" and "possible" in the diagnosis of primary immunodeficiency. "Definitive" diagnosis is made when it is likely that in 20 years, the patient has a &gt;98% chance of the same diagnosis being made; this level of diagnosis is achievable with the detection of a genetic mutation or very specific circumstantial abnormalities. "Probable" diagnosis is made when no genetic diagnosis can be made, but the patient has all other characteristics of a particular disease; the chance of the same diagnosis being made 20 years later is estimated to be 85-97%. Finally, a "possible" diagnosis is made when the patient has only some of the characteristics of a disease which are present, but not all.
Classifications.
There are many forms of PID. The International Union of Immunological Societies recognizes nine classes of primary immunodeficiencies, totaling over 120 conditions. A 2014 update of the classification guide added a 9th category and added 30 new gene defects from the prior 2009 version. , there are approximately 430 forms of PID that have been identified.
Different forms of PID have different mechanisms. Rough categorizations of conditions divide them into humoral immunity disorders, T-cell and B-cell disorders, phagocytic disorders, and complement disorders.
Most forms of PID are very rare. IgA deficiency is an exception, and is present in 1 in 500 people. Some of the more frequently seen forms of PID include common variable immunodeficiency, severe combined immunodeficiency, X-linked agammaglobulinemia, Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome, DiGeorge syndrome and ataxia–telangiectasia.
Treatment.
The treatment of primary immunodeficiencies depends foremost on the nature of the abnormality. Somatic treatment of primarily genetic defects is in its infancy. Most treatment is therefore passive and palliative, and falls into two modalities: managing infections and boosting the immune system.
Reduction of exposure to pathogens may be recommended, and in many situations prophylactic antibiotics or antivirals may be advised.
In the case of humoral immune deficiency, immunoglobulin replacement therapy in the form of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) or subcutaneous immunoglobulin (SCIG) may be available. Antibiotic prophylaxis is also commonly used to prevent respiratory tract infections in these patients.
In cases of autoimmune disorders, immunosuppression therapies like corticosteroids may be prescribed.
For primary immunodeficiencies that are caused by genetic mutation does not exist a causal therapy that would "repair" the mutation. Although there is a therapeutic option, gene therapy which has been in a trial for few immune deficiencies affecting the hematopoietic system. Over the past two decades there were some successful treatments of patients with specific primary immunodeficiencies (PID), including X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID), Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome and metabolic conditions such as leukodystrophy.
Gene therapy evolved in the 90s from using of gammaretroviral vectors to more specific self-inactivating vector platforms around 2006. The viral vectors randomly insert their sequences into the genomes. However, it is rarely used because of a risk of developing post-treatment T-cell leukemia as a result of interfering tumor-suppressor genes and because of ethical issues. But the progress in gene therapy is promising for the future of treating primary immunodeficiencies.
Epidemiology.
A survey of 10,000 American households revealed that the prevalence of diagnosed primary immunodeficiency approaches 1 in 1200. This figure does not take into account people with mild immune system defects who have not received a formal diagnosis.
Milder forms of primary immunodeficiency, such as selective immunoglobulin A deficiency, are fairly common, with random groups of people (such as otherwise healthy blood donors) having a rate of 1:600. Other disorders are distinctly more uncommon, with incidences between 1:100,000 and 1:2,000,000 being reported.
Research.
Bone marrow transplant may be possible for Severe Combined Immune Deficiency and other severe immunodeficiences.
Virus-specific T-lymphocytes (VST) therapy is used for patients who have received hematopoietic stem cell transplantation that has proven to be unsuccessful. It is a treatment that has been effective in preventing and treating viral infections after HSCT. VST therapy uses active donor T-cells that are isolated from alloreactive T-cells which have proven immunity against one or more viruses. Such donor T-cells often cause acute graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), a subject of ongoing investigation. VSTs have been produced primarily by ex-vivo cultures and by the expansion of T-lymphocytes after stimulation with viral antigens. This is carried out by using donor-derived antigen-presenting cells. These new methods have reduced culture time to 10–12 days by using specific cytokines from adult donors or virus-naive cord blood. This treatment is far quicker and with a substantially higher success rate than the 3–6 months it takes to carry out HSCT on a patient diagnosed with a primary immunodeficiency. T-lymphocyte therapies are still in the experimental stage; few are even in clinical trials, none have been FDA approved, and availability in clinical practice may be years or even a decade or more away.
Induced pluripotent stem cells obtained reprogramming patients' cells, for example leukocytes, are a promising tool to study these pathologies and develop personalized therapies.
History.
X-linked agammaglobulinemia was one of the first described primary immunodeficiencies, discovered by Ogden Bruton in 1952. Primary immunodeficiencies were initially classified in 1970 by a committee of the World Health Organization. At the time, they identified 16 immunodeficiencies. By 1998, the number had reached 50.
Discovery of novel genetic causes of innate immunodeficiencies accelerated greatly in the 2010s due to high-throughput DNA sequencing technologies. As of 2019, more than 430 have been categorized.

</doc>
<doc id="6983940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983940" title="Parapalegic">
Parapalegic



</doc>
<doc id="6983942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983942" title="Ely-Criglar House">
Ely-Criglar House

The Ely-Criglar House (also known as the Francis R. Ely House) is a historic site in Marianna, Florida. It is located at 242 West Lafayette Street. On December 27, 1972, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Built by slaves from native limestone, the Greek Revival structure was completed c. 1840, as the Manor House for Francis R. Ely's cotton plantation. "Ely Corner" is the site of The Battle of Marianna, where Federal troops attacked in September 1864 during the American Civil War. Defending the town against the enemy were old men and boys, too old or too young for regular military service and those furloughed or home due to illness.
The Battle of Marianna began at a barricade erected by the old men and boys at Ely's Corner, the southwest corner of the property, at the junction of St. Andrews Bay Road and Campbellton Road.

</doc>
<doc id="6983957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983957" title="Deep perineal sac">
Deep perineal sac



</doc>
<doc id="6983961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983961" title="Robert Shaw Sturgis Whitman">
Robert Shaw Sturgis Whitman

Robert Shaw Sturgis Whitman (July 27, 1915 – February 9, 2010) was a priest of the Episcopal Church. He lived, preached and served his congregation at Trinity Church in Lenox, Massachusetts.
Family.
Whitman was born in New York City. Both his father and grandfather were prominent New York surgeons. His grandfather, Royal Whitman, invented the mechanism used in the first hip replacement and wrote a pioneering medical textbook on orthopedic surgery that was influential in the field.
Education.
After spending his formative years in Manhattan, Whitman went on to study at Harvard University. In what was, at the time, a humiliating turn, he was expelled after his first semester for failing an advanced-level history course he was placed in. He returned to New York and took work as a messenger boy for a carpet company and a Wall Street bank.
It was at a party in New York that Whitman met the then secretary of labor, Frances Perkins. The two became friends and Perkins wound up getting Whitman a job in D.C. at the Department of Labor. Though again, it was a small post as a messenger boy.
Perkins and Whitman stayed in contact and it was after Whitman revealed his interest in the ministry that Perkins encouraged him to follow his interest by attending seminary. Whitman did, going on to graduate from the Berkeley Divinity School in New Haven, Connecticut. Whitman was later quoted as saying, "I guess when I think about it, I’ve been a messenger boy my entire life!"
Ministry.
From 1946 to 1949 Whitman served as a chaplain to the U.S. Army in the Philippines before taking a position as associate rector of Bruton Parish Church in Williamsburg, Virginia, where he also served as chaplain to Episcopal students at the College of William and Mary.
The Massachusetts’ Berkshires served as the backdrop for Whitman's substantive ministry. Whitman served as rector of Trinity Episcopal Church in Lenox, Massachusetts for 31 years before retiring on July 27, 1981. He later returned to the ministry, however, as rector of St. Martin's Church in Pittsfield, Massachusetts.
His later years of retirement were spent in Guilford, Connecticut, with his wife, Eleanor English.
Book.
In 1998 Whitman completed "Beyond Words", a book detailing his thought-provoking views on what he calls "ultimate reality". The book is both a statement of belief and an urging for change. In the work Whitman uses anecdotes from his ministry to explain his method for interpretation; and how this method of interpretation can be used to improve understanding, and improve our lives.

</doc>
<doc id="6983963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983963" title="Lee Stange">
Lee Stange

Albert Lee Stange (October 27, 1936 – September 21, 2018) was an American professional baseball player and coach. During his playing career, the right-handed pitcher appeared in 359 games pitched in Major League Baseball over all or parts of ten seasons (1961–70) for the Minnesota Twins (1961–64), Cleveland Indians (1964–66), Boston Red Sox (1966–70) and Chicago White Sox (1970). He was listed as tall and .
Biography.
Born in Chicago, Stange grew up in Broadview, Illinois. He attended Proviso Township High School, in Maywood, Illinois, then Drake University on a football scholarship, but a knee injury led to him playing baseball instead. Stange was signed by the Washington Senators' organization before the 1957 season. In 1960, he won 20 games in the Class B Carolina League, and in he was promoted all the way to the majors as a member of the inaugural edition of the Twins, who had just moved to Minneapolis–Saint Paul from Washington. After two early-April relief performances, he spent the bulk of 1961 in Triple-A, then was recalled in September. On September 15, he earned his first MLB victory by throwing two scoreless rinnings in relief of Jack Kralick against the Indians.
The majority of his 359 MLB appearances were as a relief pitcher, but he did start 125 games. In 1963, Stange was 12–5 and finished sixth in the American League in earned run average (2.62) and fifth in winning percentage (.705). In 1967, he was 8–10 (2.77) for the pennant-winning "Impossible Dream" Red Sox, and pitched two scoreless innings in 1967 World Series Game 3 (October 7, 1967). He finished his career with a total of 62 wins, 61 losses, 32 complete games, 8 shutouts, 21 saves, 77 games finished, 718 strikeouts and only 344 walks in 1,216 innings pitched, and an ERA of 3.56.
Stange was later a pitching coach for the Red Sox (1972–74; 1981–84), Twins (1975) and Oakland Athletics (1977–79). He was a roving minor league pitching instructor in the Red Sox farm system in 1971, 1980 and from 1985 to 1994, and managed Oakland's Triple-A Tucson Toros farm club for the final weeks of the 1976 season. In 2005, Stange was named pitching coach for NCAA Division II Florida Institute of Technology. He was the stepfather of former major league infielder Jody Reed.
Stange died at age 81 on September 21, 2018.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6983973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983973" title="Cate Kennedy">
Cate Kennedy

Cate Kennedy (born 1963) is an Australian author based in Victoria.
Life and career.
Kennedy was born in 1963 in England at Louth, Lincolnshire. She was educated at the University of Canberra and the Australian National University. She has taught at several colleges, including The University of Melbourne. 
Kennedy is the author of the highly acclaimed novel "The World Beneath", which won the People's Choice Award in the NSW Premier's Literary Awards in 2010. It was also shortlisted for "The Age" fiction prize 2010 and the ASA Barbara Jefferis Award 2010, among others. She is a short-story writer whose work has twice won The Age Short Story Competition and has appeared in a range of publications, including "The New Yorker". Her collection, "Dark Roots", was shortlisted for the Steele Rudd Award in the Queensland Premier's Literary Awards and for the Australian Literature Society Gold Medal. Kennedy is also the author of the travel memoir "Sing, and Don’t Cry", and the poetry collections "Joyflight" and "Signs of Other Fires". Her book "The Taste of River Water: New and Selected Poems by Cate Kennedy", which was published in May 2011, won the Victorian Premier's Literary Awards CJ Dennis Prize for Poetry.
Awards.
Other awards: The "Herald/Sun" Short Story Award
The 2007 Sisters in Crime Scarlett Stiletto Awards include a category named for Kennedy: "The Cate Kennedy Award for Best New Talent ($350)"

</doc>
<doc id="6983975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983975" title="What The Child Needs">
What The Child Needs



</doc>
<doc id="6983977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983977" title="Fifth Party System">
Fifth Party System

The Fifth Party System, also known as the New Deal Party System, is the era of American national politics that began with the election of Franklin D. Roosevelt as President of the United States in 1932. Roosevelt's implementation of his popular New Deal expanded the size and power of the federal government to an extent unprecedented in American history, and marked the beginning of political dominance by the Democratic Party that would remain largely unbroken until 1952. This period also began the ideological swapping of Democrats and Republicans into their modern versions. This was largely due to traditionally Republican Black voters switching to the Democratic Party, while conservative, White, and southern Democrats shifted to the Republican Party. This occurred as Democrats began increasingly prioritizing civil rights, a process that accelerated into the 1960s. The Fifth Party System followed the Fourth Party System, also known as the Progressive Era, and was succeeded by the Sixth Party System.
The New Deal coalition that cemented the Fifth Party System and allowed Democrats to dominate the White House for 40-some years arose from the realignment of two similar third party factions into the Democratic Party: the Progressives in the Western Coast and the greater Rust Belt region (which includes New York, Massachusetts, Baltimore and New Jersey), and the Socialists in the Western Coast and Sun Belt. Realigning these two factions after the 1932 and 1936 elections allowed the Democratic Party to make inroads in the North for the first time since the Second Party System and made other non-South regions competitive.
History.
The onset of the Great Depression undermined the confidence of business in Republican promises of prosperity. The four consecutive elections of Franklin D. Roosevelt delivered the Democrats virtually uncontested dominance. By the time of their sweeping victory in 1936, the Party had become dominated by the New Deal Coalition, remaining unchallenged until Dwight D. Eisenhower led Republicans to victory in 1952.
Despite the power of the New Dealers, the conservative coalition, comprising northern Republicans and southern Democrats, generally controlled Congress from 1938 to 1964. Nevertheless, the New Deal Coalition quickly grew to include a range of politicians unusual at the time for its diversity. Although still broadly consisting of the White Anglo-Saxon Protestants who dominated the conservative coalition as well, New Dealers also grew to include new ethno-religious constituencies, such as Catholics and Jews, in addition to liberal White southerners, trade unionists, urban machinists, progressive intellectuals, populist farm groups, and even some ex-Republicans from the Northeast. These groups all became primary voting blocs of the Democratic Party that are still dominant in the modern era.
The Republican Party underwent a dramatic ideological change of its own during this period, consisting of a conservative wing led by Senator Robert A. Taft and then Barry Goldwater, and a moderate to liberal wing led by Thomas Dewey, Nelson Rockefeller, Earl Warren, Jacob Javits, George W. Romney, William Scranton, Henry Cabot Lodge Jr., and Prescott Bush. The liberal wing experienced more electoral victories than the conservatives until the election of Richard Nixon in 1968, marking conservative Republicans' first major victory, as Eisenhower had been more aligned with the Party's liberal wing. Despite his rhetoric, Nixon continued and expanded on liberal policies stating in 1971 "We are all Keynesians now". However, Nixon's implication in the Watergate scandal ruined him and badly damaged public perception of the Republican Party nationwide until 1980, when Ronald Reagan was elected president and successfully revitalized the party. With his ascension, Reagan effectively swept away the last remnants of the party's liberal wing, who had all switched to the Democratic Party by this time. For this reason, Reagan's election is widely regarded as marking the end of the Fifth Party System and the beginning of the Sixth Party System that arguably continues today.
Analysis.
The party system model with its numbering and demarcation of the historical systems was introduced in 1967 by Chambers and Burnham. Much of the work published on the subject has been by political scientists explaining the events of their time as either the imminent breakup of the Fifth Party System, and the installation of a new one, or suggesting that this transition had already taken place some time ago. The notion of an end to the Fifth Party system was particularly popular in the 1970s, with some specifying a culminating date as early as 1960.
In "Parties and Elections in America: The Electoral Process" (2011), authors L. Sandy Maisel and Mark D. Brewer argue that the consensus among experts is that the Sixth System is underway based on American electoral politics since the 1960s:
Opinions on when the Fifth Party System ended include the following: The elections of 1966 to 1968; the election of 1972; the 1980s, when both parties began to become more unified and partisan; and the 1990s, due to cultural divisions.
Stephen Craig argues for the 1972 elections when Richard Nixon won a 49-state landslide. He notes that, "There seems to be consensus on the appropriate name for the sixth party system... Changes that occurred during the 1960s were so great and so pervasive that they cry out to be called a critical-election period. The new system of candidate-centered parties is so distinct and so portentous that one can no longer deny its existence or its character."
"The Princeton Encyclopedia of American Political History" dates the start of the Sixth Party system in 1980, with the election of Reagan and a Republican Senate. Arthur Paulson argues, "Whether electoral change since the 1960s is called 'realignment' or not, the 'sixth party system' emerged between 1964 and 1972."

</doc>
<doc id="6983981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983981" title="Microsoft Windows Live Messenger">
Microsoft Windows Live Messenger



</doc>
<doc id="6983988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983988" title="Goku Jr">
Goku Jr



</doc>
<doc id="6983989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983989" title="Joseph W. Russ Jr. House">
Joseph W. Russ Jr. House

The Joseph W. Jr. Russ House is a historic site built from 1892 to 1895 in Marianna, Florida. It serves as Jackson County's Visitor a Center, located at 4318 West Lafayette Street. On July 18, 1983, the house was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Five generations of the Russ family lived in the house over a 100-year span. Joseph Russ was a bachelor when the house was completed and is mother moved in as well. He married Bette Dickerson and they had one daughter named Frances. In 1930 he had lost his life. His daughter Frances lived in the house for 89 years.
 Many strangers asked to tour the grand home.

</doc>
<doc id="6983997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983997" title="Maria da Graça Meneghel">
Maria da Graça Meneghel



</doc>
<doc id="6983999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6983999" title="Pembroke Corgi">
Pembroke Corgi



</doc>
<doc id="6984003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984003" title="Aeroplane (Song)">
Aeroplane (Song)



</doc>
<doc id="6984004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984004" title="The Wonderful Galaxy of Oz">
The Wonderful Galaxy of Oz

Space Oz no Bōken (Japanese: スペースオズの冒険, Hepburn: "Supēsu Ozu no Bōken", "Adventures of Space Oz") is an anime television series produced by Enoki Films and EZ Films that aired on TV Tokyo from October 5, 1992, to April 5, 1993. The series is a futuristic reimagining of L. Frank Baum's 1900 children's novel "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz".
Since its original run, the series has not been rebroadcast in Japan or received any home media release. The English dub, The Wonderful Galaxy of Oz, was produced by Enoki Films USA in 1996 as a 75-minute direct-to-video film, using footage from the first and final few episodes. No proper material was available until 2019, when an Arabic dub of all 26 episodes was uploaded to YouTube.
Premise.
In the year 2060, eight-year-old Dorothy and her dog Toto are swept off their home planet of New Kansas in the aftermath of a catastrophic storm. They end up in the Galaxy of Oz, where an evil witch known as Gloomhilda once ruled; eventually driven out by renowned scientist Dr. Oz, she now has her sights on reclaiming the galaxy and has amassed an army in the outskirts of space. Her attack, however, is foiled due to Dorothy's unexpected arrival.
Knowing that Gloomhilda will return, Dr. Oz plans to use three magic crystals previously thought to have been lost for hundreds of years (the Crystals of Love, Wisdom, and Courage) to rid the galaxy of her wickedness. Under Dr. Oz's guidance, Dorothy and an assortment of "heroes" set out to scour the Galaxy in search of the crystals.

</doc>
<doc id="6984011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984011" title="Kai Yang">
Kai Yang



</doc>
<doc id="6984013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984013" title="Xuxa Maria da Graça Meneghel">
Xuxa Maria da Graça Meneghel



</doc>
<doc id="6984024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984024" title="St. Luke Baptist Church">
St. Luke Baptist Church

The St. Luke Baptist Church (also known as the St. Luke Missionary Baptist Church) is a historic site in Marianna, Florida. It is located at 4476 East Jackson Street. On February 12, 2003, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6984027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984027" title="Jean-Baptiste Badeaux">
Jean-Baptiste Badeaux

Jean-Baptiste Badeaux (; 29 April 1741, in Quebec – 12 November 1796, in Trois-Rivières, Quebec) was a Canadian official who served as notary for the province of Quebec. 
Born in Quebec, Badeaux was the ninth of ten children, By age 13, his family was living with an aunt in Trois-Rivières. On 29 October 1764, Badeaux married Marguerite Bolvin, the daughter of wood-carver Gilles Bolvin. They had two sons, one of whom, Joseph Badeaux, also became a notary.
In 1767, Badeaux received a commission as a notary for the Trois-Rivières area. He soon gained a strong reputation for the quality of his work. During the American Revolution, Badeaux remained loyal to the British crown. He recruited men for the local militia and worked to combat sympathy for the American colonies. When an American army approached Trois-Rivières in 1775, Badeaux was dispatched to meet their commander, Major General Richard Montgomery. Badeaux successfully negotiated for the safety of the town and its residents.
In 1781, in appreciation for his loyalty during the war, the British government appointed Badeaux as a notary for the entire province. Badeaux represented many Quebeckers in unsuccessful negotiations with the U.S. Government for supplies that were requisitioned by the American army during its occupation. 
In July 1790, Badeaux was appointed justice of the peace for the District of Trois-Rivières. In 1795, he prepared the land roll for land being claimed by the Abenaki First Nation people of Saint-François, Quebec. Badeaux also represented the Ursuline religious order from Trois-Rivières in dealings with the provincial government in Quebec City.
On 10 January, 1791, Badeaux married Marguerite Pratte.
Badeaux died on 12 November 1796 in Trois-Rivières after a long illness.

</doc>
<doc id="6984029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984029" title="Throwing Punches in the Dark">
Throwing Punches in the Dark



</doc>
<doc id="6984038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984038" title="David See-Chai Lam">
David See-Chai Lam



</doc>
<doc id="6984040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984040" title="Dawson Shooting">
Dawson Shooting



</doc>
<doc id="6984043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984043" title="Space-filling models">
Space-filling models



</doc>
<doc id="6984047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984047" title="Airport Road, London, Ontario">
Airport Road, London, Ontario



</doc>
<doc id="6984049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984049" title="Theophilus West House">
Theophilus West House

The Theophilus West House (also known as the Slade West House) is a historic site in Marianna, Florida. On December 26, 1972, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6984061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984061" title="List of Blade (franchise) characters">
List of Blade (franchise) characters



</doc>
<doc id="6984065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984065" title="Howard Maple">
Howard Maple

Howard Albert Maple (July 20, 1903 – November 9, 1970) was an American professional athlete. He played football for the Chicago Cardinals of the National Football League (NFL) in 1930 and baseball for the Washington Senators of Major League Baseball (MLB) in 1932. He was a college athlete at then-Oregon State Agricultural College.
Biography.
Maple played college football and college baseball for the Oregon State Aggies (now the Oregon State Beavers). As a quarterback, he led the team to an overall 16–7–1 record for the seasons of 1926 through 1928, and was named a 1928 All-American. Maple is the university's only alumnus to play in both the NFL and MLB. He was inducted to the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame in 1981, and the athletics hall of fame at Oregon State University in 1990.
In 1930, Maple played in eight games for the Chicago Cardinals of the NFL. The NFL's website lists him as a wingback.
Maple played in minor league baseball from 1930 through 1935, appearing in over 400 minor league games. Listed at and , he batted left-handed and threw right-handed. Maple appeared 44 major league games, all with the 1932 Washington Senators. He posted a .244 batting average (10-for-41) with seven RBIs. His best offensive game came on August 31, when he went 3-for-4 with an RBI and a run scored against pitcher Sam Gray, as the Senators defeated the St. Louis Browns, 7–6. Maple appeared in 41 games defensively, all as a catcher, handling 39 total chances without an error for a 1.000 fielding percentage.
Maple was born in 1903 in Adrian, Missouri, and graduated from Peoria High School in Illinois. He coached basketball, football, and baseball at Willamette University from the early 1930s through 1941. During World War II, he served in the United States Army. He worked in several jobs after the war, and went on to manage the Oregon State Fair from 1957 to 1967. He was married, and had one daughter and a foster son. Maple died in 1970 in Portland, Oregon, and is interred in Salem, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="6984077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984077" title="Coronal section">
Coronal section



</doc>
<doc id="6984106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984106" title="This Is The Way">
This Is The Way



</doc>
<doc id="6984113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984113" title="Process Specification">
Process Specification



</doc>
<doc id="6984116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984116" title="This is the Way">
This is the Way



</doc>
<doc id="6984137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984137" title="Northrop F-18L">
Northrop F-18L



</doc>
<doc id="6984142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984142" title="This Is the Way">
This Is the Way

This Is the Way may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6984143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984143" title="Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir">
Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir

Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir is a reservoir on the River Roddlesworth near Abbey Village in Lancashire, England.
The reservoir is close to Lower Roddlesworth Reservoir and Rake Brook Reservoir and sits within dense woodland.
History.
The construction of reservoirs on Rivington Pike was the first major attempt by Liverpool Corporation Waterworks to obtain water from outside of the city of Liverpool. An Act of Parliament obtained in 1847 authorised the construction of reservoirs at Anglezarke, Upper Rivington and Lower Rivington on the western edge of the of moorland which comprises Rivington Pike. The reservoirs were used to hold water for the supply of drinking water, and were linked to two further reservoirs on the northern edge of the moors at Rake Brook and Lower Roddlesworth by an open channel, long, called The Goit. These were used to supply compensation water, to maintain the flows in the existing river system. The engineer for the project was Thomas Hawksley, and the scheme, which included a bank of filters at Rivington and a pipeline to carry the water to Liverpool, was completed in 1857.
Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir was constructed under a separate Act of Parliament, obtained in 1860. It is unclear who designed the reservoir or supervised its construction, although it was not Hawksley. The impounding earth dam was long, and at its highest point was above the original ground level. The work was completed in 1865, and increased the storage capacity of the Rivington chain by about six per cent. There have been a number of issues with the dam since its construction. In 1904, a swallow hole deep and across appeared in the dam, on the upstream side of the central clay core. The hole was filled with puddle clay, but another hole appeared at that point 21 months later. A vertical shaft was excavated, and a small spring was discovered at a depth of . A search of the archives revealed that the engineer building the dam had encountered problems with springs, but had reported that they had been solved. The solution adopted in 1906 was to install a cast iron pipe vertically upwards from the bottom of the shaft, with a outlet feeding into the reservoir. The bottom of the shaft were then filled with stones and gravel, while the rest of it was packed with puddle clay, and no subsequent subsidence occurred at that site.
However, a similar problem occurred elsewhere on the dam in January 1908, when a hole approximately across appeared near to the puddle clay core. Excavation of the hole revealed running water at a depth of , and this was dealt with in a similar fashion to the previous hole. Further problems occurred in January 1954, when the toe of the dam, which was formed of sand, was washed away as a result of heavy rainfall. Water running off from the higher ground at either side of the dam ran along a berm near the foot of the dam, causing the sand to flow away, and a landslip to occur. This was resolved by improving the drainage system on the downstream side of the dam, and by creating channels to divert run-off water away from the dam at its outer edges.
As a result of the passing of the Water Act 1973, responsibility for Liverpool's water supply and sewerage passed to a regional water authority, and thus Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir became one of the assets of the newly-formed North West Water Authority. The Conservative Party then saw privatisation as a way to deal with the huge funding gap facing the water industry, and responsibility for the reservoir passed to the water and sewerage company North West Water plc following the passing of the Water Act 1989. North West Water merged with Norweb in 1995 to become United Utilities, the present owners of the asset. The water now supplies customers in the Wigan area rather than in Liverpool. The reservoir holds around when full.

</doc>
<doc id="6984145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984145" title="Southern District of the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod">
Southern District of the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod

The Southern District is one of the 35 districts of the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod (LCMS), and encompasses the states of Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama, as well as the western portion of the Florida Panhandle; the rest of Florida is part of the Florida–Georgia District. The Southern District includes approximately 170 congregations and missions, subdivided into 15 circuits, as well as 14 preschools, 17 elementary schools, and 1 high school. Baptized membership in Southern District congregations is approximately 29,391.
The Southern District was formed on February 8, 1882, out of the Western District; portions of the district were separated into the Texas District and the Florida–Georgia District in 1906 and 1948 respectively. In 1963, 54 black congregations that were part of the Synodical Conference's Mission Program were merged into the Southern District; 33 such congregations in central Alabama were consolidated into 10 congregations shortly thereafter. About 40 existing congregations are historically black congregations, and most of the black pastors and teachers in the LCMS originated in this area.
District offices are located in Slidell, Louisiana. Delegates from each congregation meet in convention every three years to elect the district president, vice Presidents and other officers. In 2018, Rev. Eric Johnson was elected as district president. 
Concordia College Alabama in Selma, founded in 1922 as part of the mission program of the Synodical Conference, was a member of the LCMS Concordia University System and was located within the district until its closure in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6984146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984146" title="Novi talas">
Novi talas



</doc>
<doc id="6984158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984158" title="William Webb Ellis Cup">
William Webb Ellis Cup



</doc>
<doc id="6984167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984167" title="Vélo'v">
Vélo'v

Vélo'v is a bicycle-sharing system running in the city of Lyon, France, in conjunction with the advertising company JCDecaux. It has been the pioneer of smart bicycle-sharing systems, previous systems being more ad hoc and run similar to a charity. The relationship with JCDecaux allows the city to provide the service on a cost neutral basis for the city, and at a very low cost to users, in return for providing exclusive advertising access on bus shelters and the like. The primary aim is to reduce vehicle traffic within the city. The scheme also aims to reduce pollution, create a convivial atmosphere within the city, and encourage the health benefits of increased activity. Its name is a portmanteau of French "vélo" ("bike") and English "love". The first bicycle-sharing system to open in France, after the pioneering 1974 scheme in La Rochelle, its success inspired similar systems in major French and European cities, including Paris' Velib' in 2007. With the success of these two high profile smart bicycle sharing systems a new paradigm of government supporting bike sharing as a part of a public transportation network emerged. It is still the bike-share scheme with the second-highest market penetration (1 bike per 121 residents) in the world, after the Velib'.
Overview.
The system began on May 19, 2005 and now provides over 3000 bicycles available from over 350 stations situated around the cities of Lyon and Villeurbanne. The aim is to have stations within 300m of every point in the city. The bicycles can be returned to any of the 350 stations. Access is via a subscription system in which a card is purchased online or at a station giving the user an account and a PIN with which they access bicycles through a terminal situated at the bicycle stations.
Rentals can last from less than 30 minutes up to 24 hours and are available to anyone 14 years and over holding a Carte Vélo'v (subscription card for the service), tourists can buy a 1- or 7-day card for the cycles using a credit card.
The June 2006 edition of the Vélo'v newsletter reported that over 22,000 rentals per day were made by the over 52,000 subscribers to the service, an increase of 44% in a year, and representing 6,400,000 km traveled for the year.
In 2010, Velo'v data was analyzed by a cross-disciplinary team, who found some interesting patterns, such as higher average speeds on Wednesdays, speeds that outpaced cars during peak hours, and an average trip length of 14.7 minutes.
In 2017 there were nearly 25,000 daily rentals, more than 8 million trips in the year and 68,500 long-term subscribers.
In January 2025, 2,500 new electric Vélo’v bicycles were introduced to complement the existing fleet of mechanical bikes, aiming to enhance cycling accessibility, particularly in elevated areas of the territory.
Bicycles.
Vélo'v bicycles, along with a lock and basket, contain electronic components which allow the bicycle to be identified by the stations, allow tracking of kilometers traveled, tracking the condition of the bicycles, (lights, brakes, dynamo), and collection of detailed statistics about the usage of the bicycles.
Controversy.
Despite its prominent presence in the city of Lyon, there have been multiple instances of discontent with tourists using their services. The company advertises a very low price to rent a bike for a short amount of time, but fails to clearly indicate that the user has to pay an additional fee per half hour of using the bike. Since the user gives Velo'v access to their credit card, the company can deduct this money without further notification. This, in combination with the absence of a clearly indicated e-mail address to contact the company, resulted in bad reviews on different platforms on the internet.
Video game.
For the 2006 edition of the Festival of Lights, Lyon had been partly modelized in order to create a video game named "Velo've raced in Lyon", created by B2B Games. Pedestrians could play for free from 7 to 10 December and the game was broadcast on screens on place de la République.

</doc>
<doc id="6984170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6984170" title="Lower Roddlesworth Reservoir">
Lower Roddlesworth Reservoir

Lower Roddlesworth Reservoir is a reservoir on the River Roddlesworth close to Abbey Village in Lancashire, England.
The reservoir is close to Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir and Rake Brook Reservoir, situated within thick forest. It was constructed in the 1850s by Thomas Hawksley for Liverpool Corporation Waterworks, and together with Rake Brook, was designed to hold compensation water to maintain flows in the rivers, whereas the reservoirs at Lower Rivington, Upper Rivington and Anglezarke held water for the public water supply. Water from the two compensation reservoirs was fed into Anglezarke reservoir by a channel called The Goit.
An Act of Parliament to authorise its construction was obtained in 1847, and Hawksley designed an earth dam which was tall at its highest point and long. It impounded of water when full. The reservoir was completed in 1857.

</doc>
