<doc id="7004025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004025" title="Maureen Colquhoun">
Maureen Colquhoun

Maureen Morfydd Colquhoun ( ; ' Smith, 12 August 1928 – 2 February 2021) was a British economist and Labour politician. She was Britain's first openly lesbian member of Parliament (MP).
Education and early political career.
Smith was born in Eastbourne on 12 August 1928, where she was raised by her Irish mother, Elizabeth Smith, a single parent, in a politically active home. She was educated at a local convent school, a commercial college in Brighton, then at the London School of Economics and later worked as a literary research assistant. She joined the Labour Party in her late teens.
Colquhoun contested Tonbridge at the 1970 general election. She served as a councillor in Shoreham-by-Sea, from 1965 to 1974. The only female Shoreham councillor at the time, she was blocked by Conservative opponents from sitting on any of the authority's committees. In January 1970, a decision by Shoreham Urban District Council to block her from appointments as a primary school manager, school governor and library committee membership, on the grounds that she talked too much, was overruled.
Parliamentary career.
Colquhoun was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Northampton North at the February 1974 general election, and identified with the Tribune Group, and served as the group's treasurer. Arguing in favour of creche facilities for female delegates at the following year's Labour conference, she said in October 1975: "It is outrageous that we have to ask for this. The Labour Party pays mere lip service to International Women's Day. ... Young women are deterred from coming because there is no provision for their babies. Those who do are not even allowed to bring their toddlers into the gallery."
In 1975, she introduced the Balance of Sexes Bill with the objective to require men and women on public bodies in equal numbers. She had identified 4,500 jobs appointed by Ministers, and 174 public bodies that were almost entirely male. In her speech to introduce the second reading of the Bill, she commended changes that had been made to the nominations process for the 'central list' from which candidates for government bodies could be selected, although she doubted that it was sufficiently broad to encourage applications from all areas of society. The Bill did not become law.
In 1976, Colquhoun was among nine Labour MPs advocating in a letter to "The Times" an "alternative policy" on Northern Ireland, including the removal of British troops from the country. She drew a negative response from members of her constituency party, in an area with a significant non-white population, for appearing to defend Enoch Powell in January 1977. "I am rapidly concluding", she said, "that Mr Powell, whom I had always believed to be a racialist before I went into the House of Commons, is not one". She thought that sometimes it was wrong for members of her party to stop listening to what he was saying, and that the "real bogeymen are in the Labour Party" who do not improve the conditions for people in the multi-racial inner-cities. In February 1977, she expressed regret for her comments to her constituency party, withdrew any suggestion she supported Powell's opinions, and affirmed her support for a multi-racial society.
In 1979, she introduced the Protection of Prostitutes Bill into the House of Commons, turning up with 50 prostitutes in order to campaign for the decriminalisation of prostitution. She also campaigned for elective abortion services and for women's prisons to be abolished.
Coming out and deselection.
Colquhoun was Britain's first openly lesbian MP. In 1973, as a married mother of three teenage children, she left her husband, "Sunday Times" journalist Keith Colquhoun, for the publisher of "Sappho" magazine, Babs (Barbara) Todd.
In February 1976, Colquhoun asked the then Commons Speaker George Thomas to refer to her as "Ms." instead of "Mrs". It was the first time such a request had been made. Mr Speaker Thomas responded by letter: "In the interests of the House, I think I must continue to use some form of prefix, but I will endeavour to slur it in such a way as to reduce, if not entirely eliminate, the audible distinction between 'Mrs' and 'Miss'". The next month, gossip columnist Nigel Dempster contrived to gain an invitation to Colquhoun and Todd's housewarming party. Colquhoun complained to the Press Complaints Commission, which ruled in the two women's favour. In December 1976, she punched a car park attendant in a row about a parking ticket.
Colquhoun was deselected due to her sexuality and her feminist views; in late September 1977, members of her constituency party's General Management Committee voted by 23 votes to 18, with one abstention, to deselect her, citing her "obsession with trivialities such as women's rights". The local party chairman Norman Ashby said at the time: "She was elected as a working wife and mother ... this business has blackened her image irredeemably". "My sexuality has nothing whatever to do with my ability to do my job as an MP", Colquhoun insisted in an article for "Gay News" in October 1977. "Being a lesbian has ruined my political career," she told "Woman's Own" in 1977.
The vote by her constituency party was overruled in January 1978, as supporters of Colquhoun appealed to the National Executive Committee, who agreed that Colquhoun had been unfairly dismissed owing to her sexual orientation. Colquhoun wanted to put the past behind her and work with her local party, but the Vice-Chair of the General Management Committee said he thought that was impossible as many members were unwilling to work for Colquhoun's re-election, the prospects for which he thought were not promising. At the 1979 general election, she lost her seat to the Conservative Antony Marlow on an 8% swing.
She commented in her memoirs, "A Woman in the House" (1980), that she had “an uncomfortable ability for upsetting equally my friends and my enemies”.
Later life.
Following Colquhoun's defeat as an MP, she worked as an assistant to other Labour MPs in the House of Commons, and was elected to Hackney London Borough Council, serving as a member of the council from 1982 to 1990. She divorced her husband in 1980. Babs Todd was still her partner at Todd's death on 13 February 2020. Her ex-husband, Keith Colquhoun, who she had married in 1948, died from prostate cancer in 2010.
Colquhoun moved to the Lake District where she was a member of the Lake District's National Park Authority between 1998 and 2006. During that time, she campaigned for speed limits on Lake Windermere and argued that members of the park authority should disclose their membership of the Freemasons. Colquhoun also served as a parish councillor on Lakes Parish Council standing in the Ambleside ward until May 2015, when she was de-seated in that year's elections. By the time of her death, she had returned to Sussex.
Her autobiography, "Woman in the House", was published in 1980.
Colquhoun died from COVID-19 at a care home in Eastergate, West Sussex, on 2 February 2021, at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="7004029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004029" title="Dark spread">
Dark spread



</doc>
<doc id="7004030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004030" title="Lyfing, Abbot of Tavistock">
Lyfing, Abbot of Tavistock



</doc>
<doc id="7004031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004031" title="Larouco">
Larouco

Larouco is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Valdeorras.

</doc>
<doc id="7004035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004035" title="Leiro">
Leiro

Leiro is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of O Ribeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="7004041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004041" title="80 Coleman Street">
80 Coleman Street

80 Coleman Street is an Edwardian building in the Moorgate area of the City of London, not far from the Guildhall. It was used for the offices of the Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology from 1999, until the Institute moved to the Aldgate area.
History.
Coleman Street is thought to have been the headquarters of the charcoal-burners or coalmen, at about the time of the Norman Conquest. Before coal became plentiful, charcoal was widely used as fuel. It had to be prepared by slow combustion in special hearths, the skill being handed down in families from generation to generation.
16th century.
The "Woodcut" map of London of c.1561 shows the site of 80 Coleman Street as being occupied by some part of two small houses immediately adjacent to the ancient, tumble-down Armourers' Hall. One of these houses is thought to have been the London residence of Dr William Cuningham ('Keningham' in some records), the physician, astrologer and engraver, who in 1563 was appointed Public Lecturer at Surgeons' Hall. As a physician, Cuningham would have considered himself greatly superior to those he tutored. From the Middle Ages, physicians such as Cuningham were required to embark on formal university training to gain a degree in medicine before they could practice. Possession of this doctorate entitled them to call themselves Doctor of Medicine. Until the mid-19th century surgeons didn't have to obtain a university degree, but served an apprenticeship to a surgeon and took an examination, conducted in London by the Company of Barber-Surgeons until 1745 and after 1800 by the Royal College of Surgeons. They were awarded a diploma, not a degree, and couldn't call themselves 'Doctor'. Although all medical practitioners now require a degree, the traditional title of 'Mr' had continued to apply to surgeons as a quaint anachronism.
17th century.
In the early years of the seventeenth century, on or close to the site of 80 Coleman Street, lived the attorney-at-law, Augustine Garland. His son, of the same name, was one of the regicides who in 1649 signed the death warrant of Charles I. Coleman Street was a Puritan stronghold. Oliver Cromwell is said to have lived here for a time; and in 1642 the five Members of Parliaments whom Charles I had tried to arrest in the House of Commons hid in a house in this street.
Augustine Garland the younger followed his father into the law, becoming a member of Lincoln's Inn on leaving Cambridge University. On the death of his father in 1637 he succeeded to property at Hornchurch in Essex and at Queenborough on the Isle of Sheppey. In the account which he subsequently gave of himself at his trial, he said: 'I lived in Essex at the beginning of these troubles, and I was enforced to forsake my habitation. I came from thence to London where I behaved myself fairly in my way.' On 26 May 1648 Garland was elected to parliament as the member for Queenborough. He was appointed one of the King's judges and sat as Chairman of the Committee selected to consider the method of the King's trial. At his own trial, he pleaded: 'I could not shrink for fear of my own destruction. I did not know which way to be safe in anything - without doors was misery, within doors was mischief.' He attended twelve out of sixteen meetings of the court, was present when sentence of death was pronounced, and signed the death-warrant.
Garland continued to sit in the Long Parliament until its expulsion by Cromwell. He took no part in public affairs under the Protectorate. On 9 May 1660 he was called before the Lord Mayor of London and claimed the benefit of Charles II's declaration of pardon. Nevertheless, he was 'put on his trial' and on 16 October 1660 condemned to death. Beside his share in the trial of Charles I he was accused of having spat in the King's face as he was led from Westminster Hall after being sentenced. This Garland strenuously denied, saying: 'If I was guilty of this inhumanity I desire no favour from God Almighty.' Garland's property was confiscated but the death sentence was not put into execution. He was kept a prisoner in the Tower. On 31 March 1664 a warrant was issued for his transportation to Tangier. Whether this was ever executed is not known.
18th century.
John Rocque's map of 1746 shows the site of No. 80 Coleman Street covered by a short cul-de-sac known as Bell Lane. This led to 'a tenement brew-house known as the Bell', one of many taverns then situated in Coleman Street. As Dorothy Davis had pointed out in "A History of Shopping": 'anyone with a little capital could turn his house into a tavern by putting an ivy bush over his door and getting a few barrels of wine from a merchant and buying a licence for the wine from the commissioners who were only too anxious to sell.'
Richard Horwood's map of 1792–99, updated by William Faden in 1818, shows No. 80 Coleman Street separated from Armourers' Hall by the same small alley which had formerly led to the Bell tavern. This now gave access to a square courtyard which occupied the land to the rear of both buildings. Although records are very ambiguous, there are some grounds for thinking that this courtyard may have been occupied by a succession of coach-makers. Coach-building was a complex art which required many skills. Consequently, the master coach-builder employed a host of craftsmen - a skilled carpenter to design and fashion the body, a wheelwright to make the spokes and wooden rim, an upholsterer for the interior, embroiderers for the cushions, a man to varnish, another to paint the coat-of-arms on the door panel, a leather-worker to make the harness and a blacksmith to cap the wheels and to make the handles for the doors.
19th century.
By about 1812, No. 80 Coleman Street was occupied by the chandler's shop of John West. Most chandlers dealt in candles and soap, although many were general dealers, also. By 1842 no.80 was in use as a mourning warehouse. This sold every item associated with the business of bereavement from black-feathered plumes for hearses to crepe arm bands, from black-bordered visiting cards to wreaths of "immortelles". It would have carried an enormous range of black fabric from which bereaved ladies, or their dressmakers, would have made their mourning wardrobes. The fact that whole businesses were devoted to the trappings of bereavement demonstrates how large a part death played in the everyday lives of Victorians.
By 1844, No. 80 was accommodating more than twenty commercial concerns, among them the Floyd Cab Company, a firm of 'jobmasters', who may well have utilised the yard which had stood at the rear of the property since at least the 1730s for storing their vehicles and stabling their horses. The centre of London was as choked by traffic in the Victorian era as it is today, although generally speaking the streets were then much narrower. Cabbies were expected to manoeuvre their horse-drawn vehicles through these congested thoroughfares at high speed. Brakes were at best rudimentary and the only real safe-guard against mishap was the skill of the driver. Few cabbies owned their vehicles. Most were hired daily from jobmasters like the Floyd Cab Company for 'yard money'. This was so extortionate that it took most men at least half a day to earn it and the greatest insult one cabby could serve another was to call out: 'Ain't yer got yer yard money yet?'
20th and 21st centuries.
No. 80 seems to have been again rebuilt, or very substantially refurbished, circa 1900. Among the more unusual businesses which it has housed since that date are the United Cigarette Machine Company (1914); the head office of the Beach Hotel at Worthing (1925); the vermin exterminators, Ratinol (1927); and Blakey's Boot Protectors (1930).
From August 1999 to August 2011 this ancient and historic site provided offices for the Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology (IMarEST) which moved there from The Memorial Building at No.76 Mark Lane, now demolished. As of August 2011, The Institute of Marine Engineering, Science and Technology has since moved to the Aldgate area.

</doc>
<doc id="7004043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004043" title="Lobeira, Spain">
Lobeira, Spain

Lobeira is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Baixa Limia.
It had a population of 809 inhabitants in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="7004046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004046" title="Lobios">
Lobios

Lobios is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of A Baixa Limia. The estimated population in 2021 was 1,672. The town borders Portugal to the south.
Drowned villages.
The village of Aceredo () lies within the municipality, but in 1992 it, along with the villages of , , and , which together had 250 residents, was drowned by the reservoir behind the Alto Lindoso Dam downstream on the Limia River in Portugal. On 15 August 1991 the land was compulsorily acquired by Portuguese company EDP (Electricidade de Portugal), based on an old deal between Spanish dictator General Franco and former Prime Minister of Portugal Salazar. Residents of all of the villages, supported by left-leaning political parties, immediately began protests against the building of the dam, including a 10-day hunger strike. In the end, with no option but to move, the residents of Aceredo (with 70 houses and 120 citizens) relocated bodies of their deceased loved ones, and an historic church was moved to a different town. Some moved to nearby villages, while others moved far away.
In 2015 a documentary film about the drowning of Aceredo and Buscalque was released, called ("The Drowned Days").
After prolonged drought in the region in early 2022, the water in the reservoir receded dramatically back to 15% of its capacity, and the "ghost village" once more became visible on dry land. The derelict village became a tourist attraction and made news across the world. , stone buildings are still visible, as well as debris that once made up roofs, doors and beams, and there is a drinking fountain which streams with water, crates of old beer bottles next to an old cafe, and a rusty old car.
The mayor of Lobios, Maria del Carmen Yanez, said in February 2022 that Portugal's power utility EDP, which manages the reservoir, had not managed the use of the water well. On 1 February 2022, after a particularly dry January, the Portuguese Government ordered that Alto Lindoso, along with five other dams, to almost cease using water to generate electricity and for irrigating crops. Experts have said that climate change caused the extreme drought. Spain recorded only 35 per cent of its average rainfall during the same period over the years 1981 to 2010, and there had been no rain at all in 2022 up until mid-February.

</doc>
<doc id="7004048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004048" title="I'm with stupid">
I'm with stupid



</doc>
<doc id="7004049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004049" title="Membrane operations">
Membrane operations



</doc>
<doc id="7004054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004054" title="Maceda, Ourense">
Maceda, Ourense

Maceda is a municipality in the province of Ourense, in the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain. It belongs to the comarca of Allariz – Maceda.

</doc>
<doc id="7004057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004057" title="Epg">
Epg



</doc>
<doc id="7004058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004058" title="Carlinhos Bala">
Carlinhos Bala

José Carlos da Silva or simply Carlinhos Bala (born September 17, 1979), is a Brazilian striker. He retired in 2012 at CRB.
Personal life.
He is a devout evangelical Christian, having converted after his retirement from football.

</doc>
<doc id="7004060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004060" title="Joe Madison">
Joe Madison

Joseph Madison (June 16, 1949 – January 31, 2024), alternatively known as "The Black Eagle" or "Madison", was an American radio talk-show host and activist heard daily on SiriusXM Urban View.
Early life and education.
Madison was a native of Dayton, Ohio and graduated from Roosevelt High School in 1967. He graduated from Washington University in St. Louis in 1971 with a degree in sociology, and also played football for their team. His alma mater also awarded him a WashU Arts &amp; Sciences' Distinguished Alumni Award in 2017 and an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree in 2019. After his death, his hometown of Dayton gave an honorary designation of "Joe Madison Way" to Cowart Avenue, the street he grew up on.
Career.
Radio career.
Madison began his broadcasting career in 1980 at Detroit's WXYZ-AM radio station.
Joining an otherwise white lineup at WWRC-AM in the early 1990s, he developed a crossover appeal handling issues that included race but were aimed at the station's multiracial audience. He left in 1998, after the station fired its talent and changed format, to start an online chat show.
WOL and XM Satellite Radio.
Madison also worked at WOL-AM, and was placed in syndication on the Radio One Talk Network and its XM satellite channel. He left WOL in 2013.
Urban View on Sirius.
Madison was heard Mondays through Fridays from 6 am to 10 am on Urban View channel 126, SiriusXM.
On Feb. 25–27, 2015, Joe Madison hosted a record-breaking marathon whereby he talked for 52 hours on his SIRIUS XM talk show. The broadcast is officially registered with the Guinness World Record Organization.
Political activism.
He publicized claims of CIA complicity in moving cocaine into the United States, sought evidence, and promoted legislation to declassify possibly related documents. On October 15, 1996, Madison, Dick Gregory, and John Newman launched a hunger strike to promote this legislation.
A quarter century later, he announced another hunger strike: this time to press for voting rights legislation.
Personal life.
Madison took a DNA test indicating he has ancestry in Sierra Leone and Mozambique. Research done for "Finding Your Roots" revealed that his great-grandfather was a white man from South Carolina who fought for the Confederates during the American Civil War; and his biological grandfather was included in the Tuskegee syphilis experiment.
Madison lived in Washington, D.C., with his wife Sharon (Sherry) and was a father and grandfather. He earned his bachelor's degree from Washington University in St. Louis.
Madison died of prostate cancer at his home in Washington, D.C. on January 31, 2024, at the age of 74. He was originally diagnosed with cancer in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7004062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004062" title="Lavochkin La-150">
Lavochkin La-150

The Lavochkin La-150 (also known as the "Izdeliye" 150 – Aircraft or Article 150, USAF/DOD designation Type 3), was designed by the Lavochkin design bureau (OKB) in response to a 1945 order to build a single-seat jet fighter using a single German turbojet. By this time both the Americans and British, as well as the Germans, had already flown jet fighters and the single Soviet jet engine under development (the Lyulka TR-1) was not yet ready for production. The design was completed quickly, but the construction of the five flying prototypes was protracted by the factory's inexperience in building metal aircraft. The aircraft made its first flight in September 1946, but proved to require extensive modifications to meet the Soviet Air Forces' requirements. These took so long to make and test that the aircraft was essentially obsolete by the time that they were completed. Even one variant with a much more powerful engine was inferior to other aircraft that the OKB had under development and all work was terminated in 1947.
Design and development.
The Lavochkin OKB was ordered to design a fighter using a single Junkers Jumo 004B axial-flow turbojet in February 1945. Much like their rivals at the Mikoyan-Gurevich OKB with their MiG-9, the OKB chose a "pod-and-boom" layout for their new fighter, based on advice from the Central Aerohydrodynamic Institute (TsAGI), although their design had a shoulder-mounted wing. The wings of the all-metal aircraft had fixed leading edges and slotted flaps. The cockpit was well forward, giving the pilot good visibility, and he was protected by an armored headrest. The windscreen of the teardrop-shaped canopy was also armored. Two Nudelman-Suranov NS-23 autocannon were mounted on the lower side of the fuselage with 75 rounds per gun. The tricycle landing gear retracted into the fuselage which gave the 150 a very narrow track. The Soviet derivative of the Jumo engine, the RD-10, was rated at and was mounted behind the cockpit. A steel heat shield protected the bottom of the rear fuselage from the engine's exhaust. Air was supplied by an intake in the aircraft nose that split around the cockpit before reaching the engine. Seven tanks, five in the fuselage and one in each wing, carried a total of of fuel.
Construction of a full-scale mockup was completed in June 1945 by Factory No. 81, but the order for five prototypes was given to Factory No. 381 as Factory No. 81 was already fully committed to other programs. Manufacturing drawings were delivered to Factory No. 381 by the end of August, but the prototypes were delayed because the plant had no experience building metal aircraft and lacked the necessary tooling. By the end of the year, the factory had only managed to complete a single airframe for static load testing. This showed that the rear fuselage, wings and tail needed to be reinforced, and the opportunity was taken to enlarge the vertical stabilizer as well. These tests and modifications required six months of work so that the first flying prototype was not completed until July 1946. Manufacturer's testing of the first prototype began on 27 August, after ground testing had required replacing the engine twice, and the first flight was made on 11 September.
The following day, the Council of Ministers ordered that a small batch of jets from each OKB were to participate in the 7 November parade commemorating the October Revolution. Because of the tight deadline, the components for the two incomplete prototypes were turned over to Factory No. 301 at Khimki, the new headquarters for the Lavochkin OKB, for assembly by Factory No. 381. Factory No. 21 in Gorky joined the program with three more aircraft built in record time with support from Factory No. 301. Tooling was constructed in 5–10 days with the first aircraft completed in a week and a half.
Testing and evaluation.
All eight aircraft were complete by 1 November and had been tested to ensure their readiness to participate in the parade. They were later given the unofficial service designation of La-13. It was considered too risky to fly the aircraft from Gorky to Moscow and their wings could not be dismounted which meant that they could not be railed to Moscow either. Special three-wheeled trailers were built and the aircraft were driven to Moscow, but the flypast was cancelled because of bad weather.
The tests conducted in preparation for the parade revealed a number of flaws in the design including poor directional stability, a cramped cockpit without heating or ventilation, poor access to the engine, inadequate fuel capacity, compounded by the lack of a fuel gauge, and poor elevator control forces. Five aircraft were modified to correct these issues before resuming the factory's testing in late 1946. The modifications were not entirely successful and the lateral stability was now too great and the elevator forces remained too weak. Engine problems, however, plagued the tests as the first prototype alone required four engine changes.
After the conclusion of the manufacturer's trials in April 1947, one aircraft was returned to the factory for extensive modifications as the 150M. The wing tips were angled downward 35° to reduce the lateral stability, the wing was redesigned to detach from the fuselage, and the aerodynamic balancing of the elevators was reduced from 24% to 20%. The fuel capacity was increased to , the cockpit was widened by and fitted with an ejection seat. Fore and aft armor plates were fitted to protect the pilot and a new radio aerial mast was installed. All these changes added of weight and increased drag which reduced the aircraft's top speed by , and slowed its time to from 4.8 to 7.2 minutes in comparison to the unmodified aircraft. Given that a higher-performance design, the Aircraft 156, had already been submitted for state acceptance trials, Semyon Lavochkin decided not to continue the development of the 150M.
In the meantime, the OKB had been developing two afterburning versions of the RD-10 in an effort to increase the engine's power. The more successful model was only longer and weighed an additional more than the original engine. Its power, however, was increased by an additional , over 30% more thrust. This engine was designated the "izdeliye YuF" by the bureau and was fitted into an aircraft 150 prototype in July 1947, designated as the 150F. The additional power increased the aircraft's top speed to at sea level and at an altitude of . This made the 150F the second-fastest Soviet fighter of the period, after the MiG-9 powered by two afterburning RD-21 engines. Nevertheless, Lavochkin decided not to submit the 150F for state acceptance trials as the fundamental design flaws of the airframe still had not been resolved.

</doc>
<doc id="7004065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004065" title="Amberboa moschata">
Amberboa moschata

Amberboa moschata (common name sweetsultan) is a Southwest Asian species of plants in the family Asteraceae. It is native to Armenia, Turkey, Iraq, Iran, and the Caucasus. It is also widely cultivated in many places as an ornamental, and is reportedly naturalized in parts of China and North America.
"Amberboa moschata" is a branching herb up to 50 cm tall. Flower heads are usually purple, showy, and sweet-scented.

</doc>
<doc id="7004069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004069" title="Giovanni Antonio Medrano">
Giovanni Antonio Medrano

Giovanni Antonio de Medrano (Sciacca, 11 December 1703 – Naples, 1760) was a Spanish-Sicilian nobleman from the House of Medrano, Major Royal Governor of Mathematics of the Kingdom of Naples, chief engineer of the kingdom, royal architect, brigadier, and the teacher of "Infante" Charles, the future King Charles III of Spain, and his brothers, the "infantes". Giovanni is known for designing the Obelisk of Bitonto, the Palace of Capodimonte, and the Teatro di San Carlo in Italy for King Charles III of Spain. His career is particularly studied, from his stay in Seville as a teacher for the royal princes, his influence on Prince Charles’ architectural taste, to his projects in the Kingdom of Naples and the royal palace at Capodimonte.
Background.
Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was born on 11 December 1703 in Sciacca, Sicily, into a Sicilian-Spanish family with military ties. While still a youth, he moved to Spain with his family and entered the Royal Corps of Engineers, established in 1711 by King Philip V. He received early training in military architecture and engineering under the influential command of Jorge Próspero de Verboom, participating in the 1718 expedition to reconquer Sicily.
By the 1720s, Medrano had begun to specialize in large-scale military infrastructure, gaining recognition for his technical skills and geometric precision. His early work and formal education in the sciences prepared him for a more prominent role at court: in 1731, he was selected to accompany the young Infante Charles of Bourbon to Italy as his personal tutor in mathematics, geography, architecture, and military strategy. This appointment marked the beginning of Medrano’s ascent as both a sovereign educator and architect of Bourbon legitimacy.
Career.
Giovanni embarked on a military career within the royal corps of engineers created in 1711 by King Philip V of Bourbon. Giovanni entered the service of Spain in 1719 as a Military Architect, though it is likely he had already joined the army of Jorge Próspero de Verboom, Marquess of Verboom—an alumnus of Sebastián Fernández de Medrano's Royal Military and Mathematics Academy of Brussels—during the Sicilian campaign of 1718, since in December of that same year he appeared as extraordinary engineer and sub-lieutenant of this body, giving him the second highest non-commissioned rank.
As an extraordinary engineer and with the rank of second lieutenant Giovanni participated in the Spanish campaign to reconquer Sicily in December 1718. In 1720, he was assigned to the garrisons of Catalonia, Valencia and Murcia, specializing in the design of large territorial infrastructures and plants for the military defense, such as Montjuïc Castle in Barcelona which he drew up in 1730.
Preparations for the journey and arrival of the royal family.
In 1729 Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was commissioned to organize the roads for the journey and royal entry of the Monarchs, headed by King Philip V and Queen Isabel de Farnese, from Madrid to Seville.
Teacher of Charles III and the "Infantes" of Spain.
During the Andalusian period of the Bourbon court (1729–1734), Giovanni Antonio Medrano—a Spanish-Sicilian military engineer trained in the Neapolitan tradition—was appointed tutor and royal engineer to the sons of King Philip V and Queen Elisabeth Farnese. His principal charge was the formation of the "Infante" Carlos, later Charles III of Spain, as well as his brothers: Louis I, Ferdinand VI 'The Learned', Philip, Duke of Parma, and Luis, Count of Chinchón. From the outset, Medrano’s role was more than technical; it was doctrinal. Through military fortifications, mathematical models, and ceremonial architecture, he initiated the princes into the grammar of "medrar"—a system of noble and sovereign ascent grounded in delegated knowledge, spatial logic, and visible merit.
Between 1729 and 1730, for the "instruction and amusement of the Most Serene Prince our Lord and Lords Infantes," Medrano designed two architectural plans for a fortification at "Buenavista", on the outskirts of Seville. The design included a geometric ravelin explicitly dedicated to Infante Don Carlos—marking the prince not only as heir, but as a student of ordered ascent.
In 1731, Charles was named Duke of Parma and Piacenza following the death of his grand-uncle Antonio Farnese. Medrano accompanied him to Livorno and, from 1732 to 1734, continued in service during his residencies in Florence, Parma, and Piacenza. During this period, he provided direct instruction in geography, history, mathematics, military architecture, and state geometry, fulfilling the dual role of engineer and sovereign formator.
Following Charles's victorious entry into Naples in 1734, Medrano’s role evolved from instructor to court architect of sovereignty. He designed the "Teatro di San Carlo" (1737) and the Palace of Capodimonte, works that projected Bourbon order, dynastic continuity, and pedagogical harmony into the architectural fabric of the kingdom. These were not isolated monuments, but materializations of Charles’s royal education.
This dynastic structure was carefully shaped by Queen Elisabeth Farnese, who actively supervised the development of her son’s court as an instrument of political pedagogy. As Pablo Vázquez-Gestal has shown, she constructed a system of education, ceremonial order, and sovereign modeling through which Charles's identity was formed. In this context, Medrano’s instruction was not exceptional but central: it was the technical and symbolic foundation of a larger political grammar. Giovanni Antonio Medrano was not merely a court engineer—he was a practitioner of "medrar". His educational role transmitted a logic of sovereign ascent that would shape Charles. 
Promotions.
Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was promoted in 1733 to lieutenant and ordinary engineer and, later and already in Naples, in 1737, to brigadier and chief engineer. After the coronation of Charles as king of Naples and Sicily in 1734, probably due to his close bond with the young sovereign, but more generally for reasons related to the need for the government to have more direct control over the entire local system of public works, Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was invested with some of the most prestigious and strategic positions of a public nature initiated by the Bourbons in the capital.
Giovanni Antonio de Medrano also appears as "Major Regius Praefectus Mathematicis Regni Neapolitani"("Major Royal Governor of Mathematics of the Kingdom of Naples") even apparently a year before he was named chief engineer of the kingdom, a title he did not receive until 1735.
Trip to Sicily with the King of Spain.
In January 1735, Giovanni Antonio de Medrano accompanied Philip V of Spain, already as Senior Engineer of the Kingdom and Lieutenant Colonel, on his trip to Sicily, in the company of Michelangelo de Blasio, also an engineer, who was, however, arrested on charges of treason in the month of February.
Cuccagna for the Royal Wedding.
In 1738, on the occasion of the festivities for the marriage of Prince Charles (the future Charles III of Spain) with Maria Amalia of Saxony, Princess of Poland, a cuccagna, designed by Giovanni Antonio de Medrano, was built on the Chiaia waterfront in front of the church of San Leonardo. It took the form of an old castle, with four corner towers and a central one, bastions, moats, battlements, embrasures, as well as two ravelins with parapets and new sentry boxes.
Projects.
First promoted to brigadier and then major engineer of the kingdom, in the short span of time between 1734 and 1738 he supervised the renovation and expansion works of the viceregal palace (1734), he worked on restoration projects on the (1735), designed the San Carlo theater (1737) and started the planning and the first phase of the construction sites of the Royal Palace of Portici (1737–38). In later years he took over from Antonio Canevari as sole architect of the new Royal Palace of Capodimonte.
Palace of the Viceroy of Naples.
In May 1734, King Charles of Bourbon entered Naples, the city became, once again, the capital of an autonomous kingdom of Naples. In Naples, Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was employed in 1734, without knowing the scope of his work, on the Royal Palace of Naples built by Domenico Fontana. Between 1734 and 1738 he supervised the renovation and expansion works of the viceregal palace (1734). Giovanni initially focused on the king's apartments facing "Piazza della Repubblica". Although construction was completed in 1740, by 1738—the year of Charles's wedding to Maria Amalia of Saxony—they were nearly finished. The palace was then organized around two main suites: the King’s and Queen’s apartments.
The Obelisk of Bitonto.
Giovanni Antonio de Medrano became a brigadier in the army of Charles of Bourbon, while he was king of Naples and Sicily. Among the first professional commitments undertaken by Medrano in the Kingdom of Naples was the project of an obelisk to be built in Bitonto to celebrate the victorious outcome of the Bourbons over the Habsburgs in the battle of May 1734. Located in the current square, the Carolinian obelisk, begun in 1736, was conceived by Giovanni Antonio de Medrano in a truncated pyramid shape with inscriptions on the four sides attributed to B. Tanucci, for a vertical development of about 18 metres.
Di Torcini bridge.
Outside the capital, in that same period, Medrano was also in charge of the construction on the Volturno, at the royal site of Venafro, of an imposing factory bridge, called di Torcino, which, destroyed by a flood of the river, was rebuilt around to 1750 by the engineer F. Gasperi.
Designing the San Carlo Opera House.
In 1737, Charles commissioned Giovanni Antonio de Medrano to design the new San Carlo opera house in Naples. This is confirmed by an inscription found inside the silk garments of a polychromed terracotta figure from the 18th century, housed at the Met Museum in gallery 305, known as the "King's attendant," it can be read: 
The grandeur and beauty of this theater make it the most remarkable in Italy. It was built under Charles III in 1737, based on the design of Chevalier Medrano, which Ange Carasale executed in 270 days...
The Teatro Reale di San Carlo, as originally named by the Bourbon monarchy but today known simply as the Teatro di San Carlo, is an opera house in Naples, Italy, connected to the Royal Palace of Capodimonte and adjacent to the Piazza del Plebiscito. Giovanni Antonio de Medrano took charge of the project. Angelo Carasale, the former director of the San Bartolomeo held the primary responsibility for designing the elaborate furnishings of the Teatro di San Carlo. The San Carlo theater, designed in 1737 by Medrano, was completed after only eight months, in October of the same year.
The San Carlo designed by Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was inaugurated on 4 November 1737, the king's name day, with the performance of the opera Domenico Sarro's "Achille in Sciro", which was based on the 1736 libretto by Metastasio which had been set to music that year by Antonio Caldara.
The world's oldest opera house, the Teatro di San Carlo in Italy, has survived wars, fires and the Neapolitan revolution. Characterized by Medrano's typical "horseshoe" layout, with a semicircular profile towards the back of the stalls and straight connections towards the proscenium, the complex was also reproduced in the Recueil de planches of the "Encyclopédie", on the basis of surveys previously produced and published by GPM Dumont.
Acoustics in the "San Carlo" Opera House.
Medrano played a decisive role in the acoustic and architectural design of the "Teatro di San Carlo". When some advisors proposed constructing the interior boxes and proscenium in stone to enhance the theater's grandeur, Medrano firmly opposed the idea, arguing that such materials would compromise the acoustic quality essential to theatrical performance.
He insisted that the architect's foremost responsibility was to ensure sonority, and he advocated for the use of wood—traditionally employed in the making of musical instruments—for its superior resonance. His decision sparked debate, particularly with rivals who invoked examples from ancient stone-built theaters. Medrano, well-versed in classical theory and architectural science, countered by referencing Vitruvius and the use of bronze vases in Roman theaters to enhance voice projection—an artifice unnecessary in wooden structures.
His stance prevailed, establishing a precedent for acoustical design rooted in empirical understanding rather than decorative convention. Medrano's influence extended to the theater's visual coherence as well. Without dismantling elements later added by architect Luigi Vanvitelli (notably boxes designed by Fuga), he managed to preserve and refine the visual field, balancing structural elegance with functional performance.
Excavations of Herculaneum.
In 1738, with the engineer from Zaragoza, Roque Joaquín de Alcubierre, Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was commissioned by King Charles to begin the excavations of Herculaneum, giving rise to a new type of activity. According to the traditional tale, the city was rediscovered by chance in 1709, during the drilling of a well. Remnants of the city, however, were already found during earlier earthworks.
In the years following the site's uncovering, treasure seekers excavated tunnels and took artifacts. Regular excavations commenced in 1738 and have continued irregularly since. Today, only a fraction of the ancient site has been excavated. The focus has shifted to preserving the already-excavated portions of the city rather than exposing more. Excavations continued sporadically up to the present and today many streets and buildings are visible, although over 75% of the town remains buried. The publication of "Le Antichità di Ercolano" ("The Antiquities of Herculaneum") had a striking influence on nascent European Neoclassicism; by the end of the 18th century, motifs from Herculaneum began to appear on fashionable furnishings, including decorative wall-paintings, tripod tables, perfume burners, and teacups. Nonetheless, excavation ceased once again in 1762 as a result of Winckelmann's harsh criticism of the treasure-hunting techniques.
Designing the Palace of Capodimonte.
 The court, while sharing his expansive vision for the palace, did not possess patience for Canevari's design. After Canevari had worked for ten months without resolving on a single solution, Medrano took action. King Carlos understood the need to create a system of self-representation capable of manifesting his new political identity in the context of the highly competitive Neapolitan society. According to the specific idea of majesty they meant to highlight, old and new images, ceremonies and spaces for the new Neapolitan monarchy were created or, at least, reshaped from 1734 onwards. Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was employed to design the palaces necessary to enact Don Carlos’s new status, while a royal household and court etiquette were also established.
Giovanni Antonio de Medrano went on to design the Palace of Capodimonte, Charles's new palace in Naples. Medrano started work on this in 1738, but the building was not finally completed until 1840. On September 10, 1738 King Charles laid the ceremonial first stone of Capodimonte.
Capodimonte and Charles III of Spain.
Medrano was the most important designer in the palace’s history. The king showed the utmost interest in the building, demanding weekly updates on its progress and even insisting on changes. Though it took a century to complete, royal enthusiasm for the project did not fade because of its design. What undermined the project was that the palace was built over a series of ancient chasms, requiring more work and expense than anticipated.
King Charles, still unrecognized as a legitimate monarch by some European courts, knew that the Bourbon hold on Southern Italy depended on his ability to give birth to an heir and dynasty. Producing a son was no inconsequential matter: two major wars of the eighteenth century erupted after the failure of the Habsburg dynasty to do so. So while Medrano was at the draftsman’s table, it was far from certain that Charles’s reign would endure. Medrano therefore boldly anticipated the permanence of the royal family by spatially solidifying a place for them in the Palace of Capodimonte. Other aspects of the plan confirm the broader political importance of the palace.
Architecture at the Palace of Capodimonte.
Adding extra suites to Capodimonte symbolized a confident prediction of the royal family's enduring stability and legacy. Medrano enhanced the "piano nobile" by including service rooms at the shorter ends and strategically placing a group of five rooms around the stair hall to block direct sunlight. By illuminating the stairs from above through an attic, he transformed the potentially dark core into a bright focal point of the palace. The elevation drawing highlights the central section, with paired pilasters and a royal escutcheon adorning the principal window. Medrano opted for simple pilaster strips for the Tuscan-order pilasters on the piano nobile but chose bold rustication for the ground floor, creating a contrast between rural simplicity and urban elegance. This reflects Capodimonte's dual purpose as a hunting retreat and a significant representation of the monarchy.
Its cubic regularity, divided into thirds by the two courtyards and stair hall, reflects the king’s consistent insistence on geometric clarity in his architectural commissions. The gridded layout related buildings in Naples to the Herrerian style of Spanish royal retreats, such as the rectilinear cube of El Pardo and the multiple courts of El Escorial. The projecting corners replicated, in form and function, the royal bedroom suite of Fontana’s Palazzo Reale. The stairs are grander elaborations of the staircase of the Teatro di San Carlo, which had been designed by Medrano as an extension of the Palazzo Reale. The theater had one central monumental staircase linked by two smaller ones, whereas the palace was to have two principal ones. Like the palace, the theater’s central steps embraced an open hall with lights formed in a C shape. At Capodimonte this form was doubled, so that two C-shaped staircases face each other across an open hall.
The features drawn from Spain, the Teatro di San Carlo, and the Palazzo Reale indicate that Medrano oversaw the design. He knew Spanish monuments well, renovated the Palazzo Reale, and built the theater. Medrano probably designed the stairs, for their distinctive C-shaped lights resemble the one he designed for San Carlo.
Issues at Capodimonte.
Their enormous cost prompted the inquest that lead to Medrano’s imprisonment. His trial, the great distance from quarries, and an insufficient supply of fresh water led the court to refocus efforts at Portici, and later, Royal Palace of Caserta. Though only the parts of the building to the south and east were complete by the time Charles left Naples to become King of Spain in 1759, the palace set important precedents. Its geometric simplicity was admired, and would guide similar planning at Caserta. Its plan also appears to have served as a model for Charles’s expansion of the Royal Palace of El Pardo, near Madrid, in the 1770s.
Trial.
Concerns arose about the expenditure of 90,000 ducats on the foundations of the palace of Capodimonte, leading to inquiries into financial mismanagement. Early assessments made by teams of architects and engineers confirmed a cost of roughly 90,000 ducats for building the foundations. Yet a new appraisal in 1742, conducted by a single engineer, concluded they should have cost only 50,000. Medrano, who was given money for the project, entrusted Angelo Carasale with financial matters, leading to a swift pace of construction. Despite suspicions about Carasale's extravagant lifestyle, it was Princess Anna Pinelli Pignatelli who instigated an investigation into accounting irregularities. This inquiry implicated Carasale in embezzlement, ultimately leading to his death before a trial could be held. The investigation also targeted Medrano and other engineers, accusing them of fraud related to construction projects at Capodimonte.
Starting from the summer of 1741 Giovanni Antonio de Medrano began to lose control and supervision of the numerous construction sites that had been entrusted to him: from the works for the quay of the new port of Naples (1740) which continued under the expert direction of the military engineer G. Bompiede to those of the new cavalry district on the Riviera di Chiaia (1740), up to the continuation of the projects and works for the new palace of Portici, which were definitively entrusted to Canevari.
Giovanni Antonio de Medrano's trial was prolonged and challenging. Lawyer Niccolò Maria Pirelli detailed five fraud charges against Medrano, three of which pertained to Capodimonte, involving misappropriation of funds for various construction projects. While Medrano oversaw these projects, Pirelli defended him by attributing the faults to negligent oversight and criticizing the flawed "vistobuoni" system. Pirelli disputed evidence of collusion and argued that Medrano's fault lay in misplaced trust (in Carasale) rather than malicious intent. Despite Pirelli's defense, the royal investigation lacked credibility due to missing documents and misleading appraisals. Regardless of Medrano's culpability, the trials disrupted construction at Capodimonte by removing Medrano, nearly halting progress on the palace. Water shortages, which had plagued the worksite from the start, also slowed the pace. Medrano and Carasale had wanted to divert water from the Volturno River to the same point at the foot of the hill. The court opted for cisterns.
The well-documented forensic allegations produced by the Neapolitan lawyer N.M. Pirelli for the defense of Medrano, who, after eighteen months in prison and on charges of collusion and omission of official documents, on 25 September 1743 he was dismissed from all positions, demoted and sentenced to five years of closed garrison. Giovanni Antonio de Medrano served his sentence at the military garrison of Peñon, where he was engaged in 1746 in the project for the plan of the fortress and the bay of Gibraltar.
Return to Naples.
He obtained a pardon with the respective reduction of the sentence and returned to Italy in 1746, but his professional figure was severely attacked by fierce criticism from the Neapolitan engineers of the time. With these heavy criticisms he was marginalized from public offices.
Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini.
Having arrived in Naples, Giovanni Antionio de Medrano managed to carve out his own professional space and, from 1749 to 1754, was in charge of the restructuring of all the buildings of the Archconfraternity of the Santissima Trinità dei Pellegrini, including the church, which he conceived according to a Latin cross layout. A project which, however, during the construction phase was reduced to the premises of the crypt and to the arrangement, in collaboration with M. Gioffredo and N. Tagliacozzi Canale, of the houses owned by the Archconfraternity itself, located between the church and Porta Medina. In 1704 the oratory became a church, but this turned out to be too small for regular worship and charity activities. For this reason the brothers decided to modify the church, giving it a new structure. The works were entrusted to Giovanni Antonio de Medrano. His work on the church construction sites lasted until 1751, and what remains of his work are the Terrasanta and the octagonal plan of the choir. The choir of the church (1754) was designed by Giovanni Antonio de Medrano with a rich decoration, also in stucco. Apart from the renovation project of the building complex owned by Giuseppe De Maio Durazzo (1752), that of the Ss. Trinità dei Pellegrini probably constituted the last experience conducted in Naples by Giovanni Antonio de Medrano.
Death.
Excluded from large public construction sites since 1743 and since then marginalized with respect to the local professional and political circles, Giovanni Antionio de Medrano had perhaps the only reason for his stubborn insistence on residing in Naples in family ties with G. Almirante, daughter of Pompeo Almirante, Duke of Cerza Piccola. The daughter of the Duke of Cerza Piccola was already the widow of a gentleman named Toraldo, Baron of Calimera, with whom she had stipulated a marriage contract in 1736. After the inauguration of the choir ("terrasanta") in the church of the Ss. Trinità dei Pellegrini (1754), Giovanni Antonio de Medrano was no longer active in any professional experience until his death, probably in 1760.

</doc>
<doc id="7004070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004070" title="Sweet sultan">
Sweet sultan



</doc>
<doc id="7004071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004071" title="Golestan District (Baharestan County)">
Golestan District (Baharestan County)

Golestan District () is in Baharestan County, Tehran province, Iran. Its capital is the city of Golestan.
History.
After the 2006 National Census, the district (except the city of Nasirshahr) was separated from Robat Karim County in the establishment of Baharestan County, which was divided into two districts of two rural districts each, with the cities of Golestan and Nasimshahr as its capitals.
Demographics.
Population.
At the time of the 2006 census, the district's population (as a part of Robat Karim County) was 317,731 in 78,298 households. The following census in 2011 counted 325,077 people in 89,904 households. The 2016 census measured the population of the district as 306,726 inhabitants in 89,837 households.

</doc>
<doc id="7004075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004075" title="Action Party (Italy)">
Action Party (Italy)

The Action Party (, PdA) was a liberal-socialist political party in Italy. The party was anti-fascist and republican. Its prominent leaders were Carlo Rosselli, Ferruccio Parri, Emilio Lussu and Ugo La Malfa. Other prominent members included Leone Ginzburg, Ernesto de Martino, Norberto Bobbio, Riccardo Lombardi, Vittorio Foa and the Nobel-winning poet Eugenio Montale.
History.
Founded in July 1942 by former militants of Giustizia e Libertà (Justice and Freedom), liberal-socialists and democrats. Ideologically, they were heirs to the liberal socialism of Carlo Rosselli and to Piero Gobetti's liberal revolution, whose writings rejected Marxist economic determinism and aimed at the overcoming of class struggle and for a new shape of socialism, respect for civil liberty and for radical change in both the social and the economic structure of Italy. From January 1943, it published a clandestine newspaper, "L'Italia Libera" ("Free Italy"), edited by Leone Ginzburg. In the same year, members of the party came into contact with Allied secret services stationed in neutral Switzerland. In particular, this activity was commissioned to Filippo Caracciolo, had a special relationship with British Special Operations Executive. Caracciolo tried to avoid Allied bombing on Italy, but most of all he tried to get British support for an Anti-Fascist Committee that was supposed to lead the new government after an anti-Mussolini coup.
After the armistice of 8 September 1943, as a central member of the National Liberation Committee the Action Party actively participated in the Italian resistance movement with units of Giustizia e Libertà commanded by Ferruccio Parri. It maintained a clear anti-monarchical position and it was opposed to Palmiro Togliatti and the Italian Communist Party's Salerno Initiative for postwar governance. The party adopted the symbol of a flaming sword and in the immediate post-war period joined the government securing the post of Prime Minister for Ferruccio Parri from June to November 1945. As a result of the internal conflict between the democratic-reformist line of Ugo La Malfa and the socialist line of Emilio Lussu, combined with the electoral defeat of 1946, the party folded. Unwillingness of the party members to work with reviving political parties "tainted by association with Fascism" also resulted in the decline of the Action Party. The main group of former members led by Riccardo Lombardi joined the Italian Socialist Party while the La Malfa group (as the Movement for Republican Democracy) entered the Italian Republican Party. The last secretary general of the Action Party was Alberto Cianca.

</doc>
<doc id="7004081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004081" title="Heaven Can Wait (Gamma Ray EP)">
Heaven Can Wait (Gamma Ray EP)

Heaven Can Wait was an EP released by German power metal band Gamma Ray in 1990, following the release of their debut album "Heading for Tomorrow".
It is notable as Dirk Schlächter makes his first appearance as a full member of the band. He would go on to appear on every Gamma Ray record to date. Also making his first appearance with the band was Uli Kusch, who would later go on to Helloween, and later will form Masterplan with former Helloween member Roland Grapow.
The Japanese version only has four tracks, leaving off "Who Do You Think You Are?". It also has a blue background rather than a black background on the cover, as well as a full-color figure instead of the yellow shadow pictured. "Sail On", "Mr. Outlaw", and "Lonesome Stranger" are bonus tracks on the 2003 remaster of "Heading for Tomorrow", while "Who Do You Think You Are?" is a bonus track on the 2003 remaster of "Sigh No More".
The Japanese version of the EP contains the same version of "Heaven Can Wait" as the "Heading for Tomorrow" album. The "European" EP contains the so-called "band version" of the song, i.e. with Dirk Schlächter on guitar and Uli Kusch on drums. The "band version" can also be found on the "Who Do You Think You Are" EP.

</doc>
<doc id="7004082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004082" title="Oligochaeta moschata">
Oligochaeta moschata



</doc>
<doc id="7004086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004086" title="Floyd Warshall">
Floyd Warshall



</doc>
<doc id="7004095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004095" title="Type 95 heavy tank">
Type 95 heavy tank

The Type 95 heavy tank (, kyūgo-shiki jūsensha), also known as the Type 95 "Ro-Go", was the final result of Japanese multi-turreted tank design and was in commission during the time period between World War I and World War II. The main armament was a Type 94 70 mm cannon in a central turret, with its secondary front auxiliary turret mounting a 37 mm gun and a 6.5 mm machine gun in the rear auxiliary turret. Four prototypes were produced in 1934.
History.
After World War I, major powers around the world quickly adopted the revolutionary design of French Renault FT light tank. One of the most successful features on the Renault FT was a 360-degree rotating turret. While developing new single-turreted tanks more closely based on the Renault FT, many countries, including Japan, also experimented with multi-turreted tank designs.
Design.
Forerunner Type 91 heavy tank.
The Imperial Japanese Army made the decision to develop heavy combat vehicles, which was prompted by the increasing threat posed by the Soviet Union, a potential enemy of Japan in East Asia. In 1931, Japan produced a prototype heavy tank that was designated the Type 91 heavy tank. It was an 18-ton, three turret tank with a 6-cylinder gasoline engine producing 224 hp. The Type 91 central turret had a Type 90 57 mm cannon as its main armament and a 6.5 mm machine gun. Its two smaller auxiliary turrets were each armed with a 6.5 mm machine gun. The tank had a maximum armour plate thickness of 17 mm; same as the prior Type 87 Chi-I prototype. It had seventeen road wheels on each side. This first design was not successful, as it was considered to be underpowered, under-armed and lacked sufficient armour. The project was soon canceled. However, this project became a stepping stone in the development of the Type 95 heavy tank.
Development of the Type 95.
The development of a new multi-turreted tank started in 1932 and was completed in 1934. The overall shape of the Type 95 followed the design of the earlier Type 91, but it had thicker armour and its firepower was significantly improved. A more powerful inline 6-cylinder engine produced 290 horsepower. Its suspension system was modified from that of the Type 91. While still using a leaf spring suspension, it had only nine road wheels on each side.
Mounted in the central turret was the primary weapon, a Type 94 7 cm tank gun specifically designed for the Type 95 heavy tank. The cannon could fire both Type 92 high-explosive shells and Type 95 armor-piercing shells. The gun elevation angle was 20 degrees and gun depression angle was −12 degrees. A 6.5 mm machine gun was also mounted in the main turret. Its two additional turrets gave Type 95 yet more firepower: a Type 94 3.7 cm tank cannon was mounted in the front auxiliary turret, and the rear facing auxiliary turret featured a 6.5 mm machine gun.
It was the largest Japanese tank at the time, weighing in at 26 tonne. Four prototypes were produced in 1934. However, the multi-turreted tank concept was cancelled, so the Type 95 did not go into production. It proved to be a complicated design with poor mobility and had a lower top speed than desired.
Variants.
Two chassis were later used as platforms for:

</doc>
<doc id="7004096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004096" title="Kamel Nacif Borge">
Kamel Nacif Borge

José Kamel Nacif Borge (born 1946 in Mexico City) is a Mexican businessman of Lebanese descent known in his country as "El Rey de la Mezclilla" (the Denim King). Once considered one of the richest men in Mexico.
He started out as a small merchant by importing fabrics from overseas until he eventually built a textile empire that employed over 20,000 people. In 1999, he partnered with an apparel company known as the Tarrant Apparel Group, who manufactured denim jeans for brands such as Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger, Chaps, Gap, Abercrombie &amp; Fitch, and American Eagle Outfitters.
In 2002 Vicente Fox and Pablo Salazar Mendiguchía celebrated with him a new export textile factory in San Cristobal de las Casas.
In 2004 he acquired 100% of the company "Tarrant Apparel Group", an organization with subsidiaries in Chile, China, Thailand, Korea and in the United States for $44 million. The "Sun Herald" referred to an investigation of the Game Commission of Nevada about the involvement of Nacif Borge in drug trafficking and weapons smuggling. His close relationship with the Mexican government was confirmed when he became the beneficiary of a soft loan of 5 million dollars during the Fobaproa program.
Legal issues.
In 2005–06, he became embroiled in scandals of political nature. During this time he was accused of negotiating the non-approval of gambling laws in Mexico with Emilio Gamboa Patrón and more importantly, being involved in a pedophilia and child-trafficking network.
He was named in "Los Demonios del Edén" (Demons of Eden), the exposé by journalist Lydia Cacho, as having pulled strings to protect child abuser Jean Succar Kuri. Subsequently, he had her arrested on the charge of defamation and was captured on tape assuring the Governor of Puebla Mario Marín that she would be raped in jail.
In 2019, attorney general Alejandro Gertz Manero announced an arrest warrant against both Nacif and Marín, as well as the issuance of a Red notice by Interpol, for the kidnapping and torture of Cacho. He then fled to Lebanon, where he was apprehended in July 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="7004102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004102" title="Araújo (footballer, born 1977)">
Araújo (footballer, born 1977)

Clemerson de Araújo Soares, best known as Araújo (born 8 August 1977) is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a forward.
Career.
Araujo was born in Caruaru, PE, Brazil. He played for Japanese side Gamba Osaka in 2005; his 33 league goals helped Gamba to the 2005 J1 League title. 2005 was his last season in Japan. Araujo left for his homeland to sign for Cruzeiro. Two years later Araujo left for Qatar where he the 2007–08 season top scorer award.
Al-Gharafa.
Al-Gharafa, known as "Al Fuhud" (The Cheetahs) were Qatar's champions for three years in a row. Araujo was a leading star in the team's success, leading the scorers list for the entire 2008 season. On 4 March 2008, after scoring against Al Khor, he matched Gabriel Batistuta's record of 25 goals in one season. He eventually ended the season as the league's top scorer with 27 goals, a record that was broken in December 2018 by Baghdad Bounedjah. He played alongside fellow Brazilian Juninho Pernambucano. He left in 2010 for personal reasons, but in 2012 he stated he was interested in rejoining the club.
Honours.
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7004111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004111" title="Ayr (clan)">
Ayr (clan)

Ayr () is a Somali clan that is part of the larger Habar Gidir Hawiye clan. The Ayr clan is the eldest Habargidir sub-clan and is the largest Habargidir sub-clan in population. The Ayr clan have a rich history in Somali society and has played an important role in shaping Somali history and national politics. Members of the clan reside in 6 out of the total 18 regions of Somalia but are primarily found in the central region of Somalia - Galgaduud region which they hold a monopoly over and is considered their heartlands. They are considered the most powerful sub-clan in central and southern Somalia controlling important sections of the country and greatly influencing the nation's capital Mogadishu, holding the 1st mayorship position in the post-independence era. The Ayr are regarded as being very large in numbers because they are spread throughout numerous regions in Somalia and are significant to the country's political, economic, social, and military sectors.
Overview.
The progenitor of the Ayr clan had 2 sons, Mu'le(Mucle) Mohamed and Wa'e(Wace) Mohamed but is divided into 10 sub-clans also known as diya groups. The clan undertakes the traditional rural lifestyle of the nomadic Somali culture of herding camel and other livestock. However, they are also urban today and have exclusive urban towns in Somalia such as; Guriel which is considered the business district of Galmudug regional state, Dusmareb the capital city of the regional state Galmudug, and Mataban District in Hiiraan region among many others. Additionally, they migrated and settled in great numbers in the nation's capital city Mogadishu, They own several large banks around the nation, including premier bank and mybank and are considered to be very business savvy people as they own most of the businesses in the capital. They are the deputy commissioners of 3 other districts in the capital namely: Deynile District, Howlwadag District &amp; Yaqshid District.
The Ayr clan derive their name from the Somali word Cayr/Caydh, which means welfare. The name comes from a historical incident involving Muhammad and his siblings following the death of their father. The oldest brother, Muhammad, was responsible for allocating his father's fortune to his siblings. Muhammad, who was considerably older than his three other brothers, didn't need his father's fortune because he was already well-established and wealthy on his own. He gave his three younger brothers his share of their father's wealth along with an ultimatum that he would periodically take a portion of their wealth to make up for the portion of the father's wealth that was rightfully his that he added to theirs making him a welfare collector by Somali cultural standards.
The clan's traditional leadership system is the Ughaz system and has had 10 traditional leaders since the inception of the first Ugaas. The first Ugaas of the clan was Ugaas Kooshin Ugaas Caalin. It is said by the elders of the clan that Ugaas Caalin's right to leadership was known generations before his birth as his ancestor Abti-edge had willed that the leadership of the Ayr clan comes from his son Abti-idig (See the clan tree section). A few generations later Ugaas Caalin Caroole was born with a bright mark on his hand and he was made the first Ugaas of the clan despite not ruling all the Ayr during his leadership. The first true Ugaas who led all the Ayr was Ugaas Kooshin Ugaas Caalin. The current Ugaas of the clan is Ugaas Hassan Ugaas Mohamed Ugaas Nuur.
The Ayr clan has produced 1 president, Abdiqasim Salad Hassan, out of 9 presidents Somalia has had. They have played an important role in national politics since the 1960s, producing various ministers and high-ranking military officials, but more so in the last 30 years. The clan were staunch anti-colonialist at the onset of Italian and British colonialism in Somalia and greatly resisted colonial expansion by foreign powers. 
Distribution.
The Ayr clan is distributed all over the Somali peninsula but is found primarily in 7 regions out of the Somali nations total 18 regions. The Ayr clan is primarily settled in the region of; Galgaduud which is their heartland and the region they dominate, as well as Mudug, Hiiraan, Sool, Lower Shabelle, Togdheer and the capital region of the nation Banaadir. Historically they only inhabited the central regions of Somalia, Galgaduud, Hiiraan and Mudug, and 1 northern region, Sool. But After the civil war, they managed to expand. They exerted extensive influence in the mentioned regions and played an important role in the politics of those regions. They are also found in Ethiopia in the occupied Somali region specifically in the regions of Qorahe and Shabelle Zone in great numbers. The clan traditionally settles until the Ethio-Somali border near the towns of Abudwak and Balanbale extending out into the Shilabo district of the Qorahe and Shabelle Zone inside Ethiopia, an estimated 350 km from the coast to the interior of Ethiopia. They also settle on the main road of Somalia between the town of Godinlabe and the town of Mataban District in Hiiraan. The clan inhabits approximately 45,000 km2 worth of land that has prime grazing and as a result, has many livestock that graze throughout that corridor. The land also hosts the clan's urban towns and cities, such as Guriceel and Dhusamareb.
History.
Medieval period.
During the medieval period, the Ayr clan, though relatively young and modest in size, was part of the Ajuran Sultanate. The Ajuran Sultanate was a formidable Muslim Somali empire that ruled over the Hawiye clan, which the Ajuran is part of, and was a dominant force in the Indian Ocean trade during the Middle Ages.
As the Ajuran Sultanate faced its decline, the Ayr clan actively engaged in both the overthrow and defence of this once-powerful empire under the united banner of the wider Habargidir and Hiraab forces who had planned to defeat the empire due to injustices. Notably, various sections of the Ayr, such as the Yabadhaale and a few segments of the Mu'le(Mucle/Tolweyne), dedicated significant military efforts to prevent the Sultanate from falling. Despite the efforts, the Ajuran empire was eventually defeated and was replaced by the Hiraab Imamate and other smaller Sultanates.
The Ayr who are part of the Hiraab later joined the Hiraab Imamate that ruled the lands of the Hawiye for another 300 years. During this time they had established their own sub-leadership that came under the Hiraab imamate called the Ayr Ugaasate. The Hiraab Imamate spanned across Mogadishu and the port town of Hobyo. The Imamate engaged in various battles with foreign forces such as the French, Portuguese and Arabs on various occasions which they successfully repelled.
Ayr Ugaasate.
The inception of the Ayr Ugaas dates back approximately 400–500 years. The inaugural Ugaas, Aalin Arole, also known as Caalin Caroole, ascended to leadership as foretold by his forefather Abti-idig. The prediction foresaw the Ugaas of the Ayr clan emerging from Abti-idig's son, Dhowrakace Abti-idig, marked by a distinct brightness or sign on his body (Calaamo). According to elders, this prediction was made by Abti-idig because he understood constellations and was knowledgeable about astronomy. "Islaaleey or 'Habar Islaaleed' and Ajiyeey or 'Habar Aji' were the two wives of Abti-Idig and they bore him 4 sons in total each wife birthing 2 twin sons."
"The first of the two wives, Habar Islaaleed, was a wealthy woman who had a life akin to a royal and lived relatively lavishly in comparison to her counterparts, but it was also rumoured that she harboured protective jealousy towards her husband. She owned numerous animals, a beautiful traditional Somali home, and other pricey possessions. Habar Aji, on the other hand, was a younger woman who used to assist Habar Islaaleed tend to her household chores. Despite all this wealth and luxury, Habar Islaaleed was unable to conceive when Abti-idig tried to have a child with her. His wife informed him that she would only be able to have children if he married HabarAji, the helper girl. Following the advice, Abti-Idig wed Habaraji and started trying to conceive a child with her and his first wife Habar Islaaleed."
"Not long after, both Habar Aji and Habar Islaaleed became pregnant at the same time. They went into labour almost simultaneously. Aware of his first wife’s jealousy, Abti-Idig decided to separate the two women for childbirth. He led Habar-Aji to a place far from Habar Islaaleed’s location, giving her seven cows with calves and instructing her to give birth under a large tree he had prepared for her. And for Habar-Islaaleed he let her birth in her own home"
"While both women were in labour at dusk, Abti-Idig moved frequently between them. He first went to Habar Aji, who gave birth to her first son, whom he named Warwaaq after rain began to fall following the child’s birth. He then went to Habar Islaaleed, who had also delivered her first son. Abti-Idig named him Dhowrakace, a name chosen because he had feared she might miscarry during her pregnancy, as she had already experienced reproductive difficulties. Returning to Habar Aji, he found that she had unexpectedly given birth to a second twin son, whom he named Qoorcas (meaning “redneck” in English). When he went back to Habar Islaaleed, he discovered she too had delivered a second twin son, Daaud, who was nicknamed Sabuh because he was the last born and arrived with the start of June, the month of Sabuh."
"Abti-Idig went to HabarAji, where she gave birth to Warwaaq, the first son. After that, he went to see Habar Islaaleed, who had also given birth to a son they had named because they had assumed she would miscarry during her pregnancy. He returned to Habaraji, where she unexpectedly gave birth to a second son who would be named Qoorcas, or redneck in English. When he returned to see how Habar Islaaleed was doing, he discovered that she had another son, Daaud, whom they had given the nickname Sabuh because he was born in June, the month of Sabuh. Once everything was finished, both wives claimed that their firstborn was the eldest son. Abti-idig called the family together and declared that he should make his will known, stating that he didn't think he would have any more children. He declared Warwaaq was his eldest son, and he declared that he would maintain the family's firstborn title. He went on to say that his second son Dhowrakace would have the progeny that led all the Ayr because his mother had royal characteristics and that the leadership of the Ayr be left to him. The progeny would be identified as the long-awaited ruler by a prominent birthmark or bright mark on his arm."
"Once all the births were complete, both wives claimed that their firstborn was the eldest. Abti-Idig gathered his family and declared his will, stating that he did not believe he would have more children. He proclaimed Warwaaq as his eldest son, ensuring that he retained the title of firstborn. He then decreed that his second son, Dhowrakace, would have descendants who would lead all of the Ayr clan, as his mother possessed royal qualities. The rightful ruler among Dhowrakace’s progeny, he said, would be recognised by a prominent birthmark or bright mark on his arm or neck."Despite this destined path, Ugaas Caalin Caroole initially faced resistance from some Ayr sub-clans, notably the Yabadhaale, who at the time were equal in size, strength, and influence to the Mucle (Towleyne), and the Habar Aji, who claimed eldest status. Ugaas Caalin’s authority eventually took root, initially governing primarily the Dhowrakace section of the Ayr.
He later handed over his title to his eldest son, Ugaas Kooshin, marking the beginning of unified leadership over the entire Ayr clan. Ugaas Kooshin undertook the formidable task of unifying all Ayr sub-clans under his rule. While most of the Ayr readily embraced his leadership, he faced opposition from the Habar Aji, who maintained their claim as eldest, and from the Yabadhaale, who considered themselves separate from the central leadership since they were not descendants of Abti-Idig but rather Ayr with their own established leadership system.The Habar Aji, as the oldest clan within the Ayr, firmly believed leadership should be entrusted to their authority and advocated transforming the Ayr’s leadership structure into a monarchy following the descendants of the eldest rather than handing it to Caalin Ugaas who are considered the 2nd youngest sub-clan of all 10 major Ayr sub-clans. After prolonged negotiations, a pivotal meeting between the Ayr and the Habar Aji resulted in the latter’s acceptance of Ugaas Kooshin’s leadership, solidifying his reign over the entire Ayr clan. The Yabadhaale remained cautious but generally accepted the Ugaas, though they maintained a unilateral system until the mid-to-late 1800s. Ugaas Kooshin’s rule was fair, and he took an oath to defend the Ayr’s lands, which he did successfully against neighbouring clans with opposing interests.
The current Ugaas is not a direct descendant of Ugaas Kooshin despite the Ugaas leadership system being a hereditary one. The reason for this is due to a major dispute that had ensued among the Ayr in the late 1800s regarding leadership when colonial powers started arriving on Somali shores. The Ugaas at the time was Ugaas Jima'le Ugaas Faarah but many Ayr sub-clans were dissatisfied with his leadership and complained about him regularly stating thathe was unfit to rule and not very wise in decision making. After much dispute and discussion, the clan had agreed to hand over the Ugaas title to his cousin, Ugaas Nuur, who is the grandfather of the current Ugaas. The current Ugaas is a descendant of Ugaas Koshin's brother, Ugaas Mahadalle Ugaas Caalin. 
Clan tree.
Ali Jimale Ahmed outlines the Hawiye clan genealogical tree in "The Invention of Somalia":
The Ayr clan is divided into 10 major subgroups that are similar in size and ability to pay diya (blood-money). They are:

</doc>
<doc id="7004115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004115" title="McLaren MP4/13">
McLaren MP4/13

The McLaren MP4/13 was the car with which the McLaren team competed in the 1998 Formula One World Championship. The chassis was designed by Adrian Newey, Steve Nichols, Neil Oatley and Henri Durand, with Mario Illien designing the bespoke Ilmor engine. Driven by Mika Häkkinen and David Coulthard, the MP4/13 proved to be the dominant car of the season, with Häkkinen winning eight races en route to his first Drivers' Championship, while McLaren won their first Constructors' Championship since . Until , this was the last McLaren Formula One car to win the Constructors' Championship.
History.
Designer Adrian Newey had joined McLaren from Williams in , but was unable to influence the design of the McLaren MP4/12 other than adjustment during the season. His work was rewarded when drivers Mika Häkkinen and David Coulthard finished first and second at the season-ending European Grand Prix.
When the 1998 season got underway four months later, it became clear that Newey had adapted to the rule changes for 1998 best. With the cars now narrower and running on grooved tyres, the all-new design of the MP4/13 made it the car to beat.
The dominance of the MP4/13 was displayed in the opening race of 1998 in Australia, as Häkkinen and Coulthard finished a lap ahead of the rest of the field. Newey's aerodynamic design was by far the most efficient one and Mercedes produced the most powerful engine of the season. The team was aided by a unique brake-steer system that allowed the driver to use any one of the car's brakes independently to aid cornering, a system first used in 1997. The Ferrari team protested, stating that the brake-steer system was a violation of the technical rules, which banned four-wheel steering. The FIA eventually sided with Ferrari and the system was banned, although the team was allowed to keep their results up to that point.
In addition, the car had an early hybrid system that used brake energy to generate electrical power that was stored in batteries. This power could then be deployed to run auxiliary pumps on the engine to combat parasitic losses, resulting in an extra 30 to 40 horsepower for a limited period.
McLaren's dominance continued in the second race of the season in Brazil, before Ferrari started to close the gap from the Argentine Grand Prix onwards. The MP4/13 retained its superiority on high-speed tracks like Hockenheim and Silverstone, while Ferrari's F300 was closer to the McLaren on more technical circuits. Speaking of the MP4/13 some years later, Coulthard said that the car was fast but understeered through slow corners; this was due to Newey's design that maximized the car's aerodynamic grip over its mechanical grip. Häkkinen initially found the car to be nervous in testing due to a rearward biased instability, but this was corrected before the season started.
During 1998, Coulthard's MP4/13 speed-trapped the highest of all F1 cars that year when he was clocked at at the old Hockenheim circuit.
Although Ferrari's Michael Schumacher took the Drivers' Championship battle to the final race in Japan, Häkkinen took the title with his eighth race win of the season. Coulthard won one race, in San Marino, en route to third place overall, while McLaren won the Constructors' Championship. This was McLaren's first championship victory since with Ayrton Senna and, in terms of race wins, the team's most successful year since .
Aftermath.
During 1998 both Nick Heidfeld and Ricardo Zonta acted as test drivers for McLaren and drove the MP4/13 at test sessions. The record time for the Goodwood Festival of Speed hillclimb was set in 1999 when Heidfeld drove an MP4/13 up the hill in 41.6 seconds. In 2021 the MP4/13 set the second outright fastest lap time around Laguna Seca in the hands of Mexican IndyCar driver Pato O'Ward, when O'Ward lapped the circuit at 1 minute 10.3 seconds, nearly a second faster than a 2021 McLaren IndyCar around the same circuit.
Livery.
The livery was similar to the previous season with additional new sponsorship from Loctite, Computer Associates, Warsteiner and Schüco. Camozzi returned to the team after five years' absence.
McLaren used the West logos, except at the French, British and German Grands Prix; they were replaced with a "double stars" logo in Britain and Germany, while in France they were replaced with blank space. The Warsteiner logo was also removed in France.
Other.
In July 2017, video game developer Codemasters announced that the MP4/13 would appear in the video game "F1 2017" as a classic car. It also appears in "F1 2018" and "F1 2019".

</doc>
<doc id="7004123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004123" title="Magic mug">
Magic mug

A magic mug, also known as a heat changing mug, transforming mug, or disappearing mug is a mug that changes color when it is filled with a hot liquid. This effect is created by using thermochromic ink.
Magic mugs are often manufactured and sold as memorabilia. For example, a mug may reveal a picture of the town or monument where it was sold, for example the Haunted Mansion/Grim Grinning Ghost Disney cup. They are sometimes given away to promote organizations. Customers can also have their own photographs printed on the mugs.
In 2017, Panasonic introduced the concept of "smart magic mugs" when it showcased an in-car display table/screen that automatically rearranges the digitally displayed information around a mug when the latter is placed on it.

</doc>
<doc id="7004126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004126" title="Teco (footballer)">
Teco (footballer)

Wender Coelho da Silva (born August 11, 1982 in Vila Velha), or simply Teco, is a Brazilian central defender. He currently plays for EC São José.
Career.
Teco is currently recuperating from a serious knee injury in Gremio's 2-0 win over Fluminense on 20 May 2007, but has signed a 6-month loan extension with Gremio until June 2008. Gremio have been treating and paying for Teco's recovery and Cruzeiro have agreed to the deal because of this. At the end of his contract with Grêmio, Teco have returned to Cruzeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="7004129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004129" title="Monty Python's The Final Rip Off">
Monty Python's The Final Rip Off



</doc>
<doc id="7004133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004133" title="Walking Back To Happiness">
Walking Back To Happiness



</doc>
<doc id="7004137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004137" title="Dollar Auction">
Dollar Auction



</doc>
<doc id="7004143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004143" title="Petrobourse">
Petrobourse



</doc>
<doc id="7004145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004145" title="Short S.26">
Short S.26

The Short S.26 G-class was a large transport flying boat designed and produced by the British aircraft manufacturer Short Brothers. It was designed to achieve a non-stop transatlantic capability, increasing the viability of long distant services/duties.
The S.26 had been developed from the preceding Short Empire, a large flying boat developed during the early-to-mid 1930s. Unlike the Empire, it was even larger and designed to cover longer distances before needing to refuel. It had been developed at the request of the British airline Imperial Airways, as well as at the encouragement of the Air Ministry, who anticipated its potential use as a maritime patrol aircraft and other military purposes. First flown on 21 July 1939, a total of three S.26 flying boats were constructed on behalf of Imperial Airways, but these were only briefly operated by the airline in a training capacity due to the outbreak of the Second World War.
During 1940, all three S.26s were impressed into military service, leading to the type being used by both the Royal Air Force (RAF) and the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF). They were reconfigured into a more suitable arrangement for military transport duties, after which individual flying boats transported mixed cargoes around the Mediterranean and the Middle East. In December 1941, two examples were released to the national airline British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) and commenced civilian services shortly thereafter between the UK and Nigeria. Continuing to be flown after the end of the conflict, the S.26 fell out of use during the late 1940s and the last example of the type being scrapped during the following decade.
Development.
Background.
During the early-to-mid 1930s, the aircraft manufacturer Short Brothers developed the Short Empire, a large civilian flying boat, on behalf of its primary customer, the British airliner Imperial Airways. According to aviation author C.H. Barnes, due to the Empire's considerable size, some figures within the Marine Aircraft Experimental Establishment (MAEE) has been sceptical of its development, some even doubting that such a flying boat would even be capable of lifting off. Despite this, it was also recognised that any aircraft of such dimensions would be of considerable value for a variety of military and civilian purposes. One concept that gained particular attention was the development of large flying boats with sufficiently strengthened hulls to withstand the forces involved in catapult-assisted takeoffs from dedicated naval auxiliary refuelling barges. It was speculated that a such-configured flying boat would be suitable for long-distance air mail flights and for long range maritime patrol missions.
During the late 1930s, two separate opportunities were presented that attracted Short's attention. Imperial Airways, being keen to maintain its competitive advantage, requested the company conduct a design study into an enlarged derivative of the Empire, suitable for carrying both mail or passengers along a transatlantic route without refuelling between Ireland and Newfoundland. Meanwhile, the Air Ministry had also invited Shorts to tender for the recently issued Specification 14/38, which sought a long-range high-altitude monoplane transport/airliner that would feature cabin pressurisation to enable high-altitude flight. The company decided to work concurrently on both designs, which featured considerable overlap with one another, including the use of an identical powerplant arrangement in the form of four Bristol Hercules radial engines. Confidence in the endeavour was greatly bolstered as the Empire flying boat proved itself to be quite capable, receiving the endorsement of officials such as Harry Garner, the MAEE's chief technical officer; suggestions by Garner for improving the Empire's performance were also explored during the design study.
Launch.
The S.26 design study benefitted greatly from enhancements trialled by the aircraft designer Arthur Gouge, who had experimented with flush-fitting extendible hydrofoils as an alternative to the stepping of the hull on the Empire flying boat. Having been suitably convinced, even though a large order for the Empire was still in progress, Imperial Airways opted to order three S.26s, which the airline referred as of the 'G-class'. Around the same time, the Air Ministry had lost interest in the catapult concept and decided not to proceed with the thus-configured S.27; instead, it decided to subsidise Imperial Airway's purchase of the three S.26s under the stipulation that the airline make them available to the Royal Air Force (RAF) in the event of a major military conflict. The Air Ministry also ordered the Short Sunderland flying boat as well, with which the S.26 would share numerous design features.
On 17 June 1939, "G-AFCI "Golden Hind"", the first of the S.26s, was launched from Shorts' No.3 Shop, being the largest flying boat to ever emerge from the facility at that time. Following four days of final inspections and engine runs, on 21 July 1939, "Golden Hind" conducted its maiden flight, piloted by Shorts' chief test pilot, John Lankester Parker. Proving to be free of any issues, the handling schedules was completed on its second flight four days later, thus the flying boat was delivered to Imperial Airways on 24 September 1939 after only two further test flights.
Design.
The Short S.26 flying boat was designed as an enlarged Short C-Class Empire flying boat, also incorporating features from the Short Sunderland. Greater use of extrusions in the structure, rather than bent sheet sections, compared to the C-Class aircraft, helped to keep the weight down. It was designed with the capability of crossing the Atlantic without refuelling, and was intended to form the backbone of Imperial Airways' Empire services. The airline's plan was for the first aircraft to perform long range runs, while the second would operate medium length (2,000 miles) flights with a dozen passengers, and the third would conduct short range (1,000 miles) trips with 24 passengers. It could fly up to 6,000 miles unburdened, or carry up to 150 passengers for a "short hop". However, the hulls were deliberately delivered with an unfinished interior as they were intended to be initially used solely to carry air mail.
Propulsion consisted of four Bristol Hercules sleeve valve radial engines. Up to of fuel was carried in six drum-like tanks housed within the wing truss, similar to the Empire, except their greater depth made access to the wing's interior considerably easier for inspection and maintenance. As initially delivered, the S.26 featured a relatively vast hold that was partitioned by water-tight doors that were to be locked during take off and landing. In comparison to the earlier Empire, the S.26 featured an expanded cockpit with a dedicated position for a flight engineer. In typical operations, it had been envisioned to carry around two tonnes of mail bags along with a crew of five.
The militarised version, commonly referred to as the "S.26/M", was a conversion of the existing civilian flying boats. It featured new defensive armaments, consisting of 12 0.303 inch machine guns in two dorsal and one tail, Boulton Paul BPA Mk II four-gun turrets. It also had carried eight bombs that were held under the wings. The internal volume provided stowage for up to 20 reconnaissance flares, 28 flame floats and eight smoke floats. An Air to Surface Vessel (ASV) radar set was installed along with armour plating for key areas, which included the internal fuel tanks and the crew stations.
Operational history.
While the first S.26 flying boat had been handed over to Imperial Airways to commence crew training during late September 1939, only days following its delivery, the airline was informed that all three were to be impressed, along with their crews, into military service with the RAF before any could conduct an operational service. On 24 February 1940, the second (G-AFCJ "Golden Fleece") flew, and the third (G-AFCK "Golden Horn") flew on 8 July 1940. They were modified by Shorts to S.26/M military configuration before delivery to the RAF as "X8275", "X8274" and "X8273" respectively. After modification at Rochester, air-to-surface-vessel (ASV) RDF (later called radar) was fitted by Blackburn Aircraft Limited at Dumbarton in Scotland. Following a series of evaluation flights and remedial work to address instability, the conversion work was deemed to be complete during late 1941.
From 1941, the S.26/M flying boats (occasionally referred to as 'G-Boats') served with No. 119 Squadron RAF and No. 10 Squadron RAAF, flying supplies to Gibraltar and the Middle East. Typical cargoes included ammunition and spare parts for Bristol Beaufighters stationed throughout the region. On 20 June 1941, X8274 ("Golden Fleece") was lost off Cape Finisterre, when it broke up following a heavy forced landing, due to the simultaneous failure of two engines. In December 1941, "Golden Horn" and "Golden Hind" were returned to British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) (created in November 1939 by the merger of Imperial Airways and British Airways Ltd.), and fitted out for 40 passengers in 'austerity' seating, then operated between Britain and Nigeria.
On 9 January 1943, S.26/M "Golden Horn" was lost over Lisbon when an engine seized and caught fire on a test flight after having received an engine overhaul. "Golden Hind" was employed on other routes between Britain and West Africa until the end of the conflict, and remained in service with BOAC until retired in 1947. During its postwar years, its wartime austere interior was replaced with first class furnishings, reducing the seating capacity to a maximum of 24 passengers. From 1947 until 1954, it lay moored in Rochester Harbour near its birthplace, where the flying boat had made its first flight. In 1954, "Golden Hind" ran aground at Harty Ferry on the Isle of Sheppey whilst on tow to a new anchorage. It was eventually scrapped due to hull damage.

</doc>
<doc id="7004147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004147" title="Eliezio Santos Santana">
Eliezio Santos Santana



</doc>
<doc id="7004148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004148" title="Ichiki Kitokurō">
Ichiki Kitokurō

Baron was a Japanese statesman. He served as Minister of Education (1914), Home Minister (1915), Imperial Household Minister (1925), and President of the Privy Council (1934–1936). 
Biography.
Ichiki was born in what is now Kakegawa, Shizuoka Prefecture, where his father, an entrepreneur and politician, was a student of the philosophies of Ninomiya Sontoku.
Ichiki graduated from the Tokyo Imperial University in 1887 and entered the Home Ministry in the same year. In 1890, he was sent to Germany for further studies, returning to Japan in 1894. On his return, he became a professor of law at Tokyo Imperial University, and in 1906 became a member of the prestigious Imperial Academy. Meanwhile, in September 1900, he was appointed as a life-term member of the House of Peers by imperial order. 
From 1902 to 1906, Ichiki also served as Director-General of the Cabinet Legislation Bureau. He served again in the same capacity from 1912 to 1913. He joined the cabinet under the 2nd Ōkuma administration first as Minister of Education in 1914 and then as Home Minister in the following year. Although it wasn't required by the law, he gave up the life-term upper-house seat in August 1917 when he was appointed as a member of the Privy Council. In 1925, Ichiki became Imperial Household Minister.
Ichiki was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Sacred Treasure (1st class) in December 1915, and the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun (1st class) in July 1916. He attained the even higher Grand Cordon of the Order of the Paulownia Flowers (1st class) in December 1928. He was then made baron ("danshaku") by the emperor in 1933.
From 1934 to 1936, Ichiki was president of the Privy Council. This coincided with a period of considerable controversy over the role of the monarchy in Japan, especially centered around the works of Tatsukichi Minobe, a professor of constitutional law at Tokyo Imperial University and one of Ichiki’s former students.
After the assassination of Saitō Makoto, the Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal and the former prime pinister in the February 26 Incident in 1936, Ichiki acted as Lord Keeper for one day on 6 March 1936, in order to have the successor formally appointed by the emperor. Then he was effectively forced into retirement by Kiichirō Hiranuma, the right-wing former Prosecutor General and his political nemesis, who took over the presidency of the Privy Council. Ichiki retired to his native Kakegawa, and on his death was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Chrysanthemum. His grave is at the Yanaka Cemetery in Tokyo.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7004154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004154" title="C.K. Howard-Bury">
C.K. Howard-Bury



</doc>
<doc id="7004156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004156" title="Dukhtaran-e-Millat">
Dukhtaran-e-Millat

Dukhtaran-e-Millat (; abbreviated as DeM) was an all-women outfit that advocates for jihad to establish Islamic law in Kashmir and for the secession of Jammu and Kashmir from India. It is a front organisation of the Hizbul Mujahideen, a jihadist militant group.
The group was founded in 1987, and is headed by Asiya Andrabi, an "Islamic feminist". During the Kashmir militancy in the early 1990s, the group issued threats to women not wearing a face veil and burqa.
The Government of India designated it a terrorist organisation and banned it in 2018.
The group mainly advocated through internet platforms rather than armed activity. On 2018, NIA arrested its leader Asiya Andrabi and her secretary for promoting terrorist activities, after her arrest the group became inactive and is considered as defunct.

</doc>
<doc id="7004164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004164" title="Gabriel (footballer, born 1981)">
Gabriel (footballer, born 1981)

Gabriel Rodrigues dos Santos (born 5 June 1981), commonly known as just Gabriel, is a Brazilian former footballer, who played mostly as a wing-back down the right hand side of the pitch. He earned his only full cap for the Brazil national team in a friendly win against Guatemala on 27 April 2005.
Career.
He has spent most of his career in his native Brazil, having started in São Paulo and reaching his peak while playing for Fluminense in 2005 and 2007. He had a short spell playing for Málaga at Spanish La Liga in 2006, but was unable to prevent the club's relegation and returned to play for Cruzeiro.
After being released by Cruzeiro on 22 May 2007, Gabriel signed for one of his former clubs, Fluminense, on 25 August 2007. He played an important role in the team's Copa Libertadores performance, ending up as runners up.
On 17 July 2008, he agreed terms with Panathinaikos at a cost of €1.2 million. He was brought in as the new attacking minded right full back but it seems that he needed more work in his defensive game for the European standards. For that reason, Panathinaikos manager Henk ten Cate used Gabriel mainly as a right midfielder or winger in 4–2–3–1 and 4–3–2–1 formations.
In August 2010, Gabriel moved to Brazilian side Grêmio on loan. The move was made permanent in July 2011.
Gabriel transferred to Internacional in January 2013.
On 23 July 2015, Gabriel signed with Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the North American Soccer League.
On 7 May Gabriel made his debut for Miami Dade alongside former Brazil Captain Emerson Ferreira da Rosa, scoring 1 goal in a 3x1 victory against Jupiter United. On 2 July, he won the 2017 Regular Season Championship undefeated in his first year with the club.

</doc>
<doc id="7004171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004171" title="Helen Raymond">
Helen Raymond

 
Helen Raymond (September 3, 1878 – November 26, 1965) was an American stage actress who did comedy roles on Broadway, and also appeared in Hollywood motion pictures and in vaudeville.
Early years.
Raymond was born September 3, 1878, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and graduated from the Philadelphia Conservatory of Music with an emphasis in piano.
Career.
Raymond performed in vaudeville in addition to her other work on stage. One of her early theatrical roles was Mrs. Eichorn in "Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch" in a New York production and in a touring troupe in Australia and in the United States.
Her Broadway debut came in 1915 in "Very Good Eddie". 
Raymond's success in the Broadway production of "Twin Beds" resulted in her going to London to perform in that show for three seasons. Presenting the play in England required a change of title, however. to "Be Careful, Baby", which Raymond said "had no connection with the plot at all".
In 1931, Raymond starred in "Stepping Sisters" in Philadelphia. The play, in which Raymond portrayed a burlesque queen, ran for seven months in Chicago and for 10 months in New York. In June 1941, Raymond called that role her "greatest personal success" up to that time.
Raymond portrayed Mrs. Wadsworth T. Harcourt in a 64-week run of "Anything Goes" (1934) and "One Touch of Venus" (1943). Her final appearance in a Broadway production was as Eulalie Mackecknie Shinn in "The Music Man", from 1957-1960.
She performed for at least eight seasons with the St. Louis, Missouri, Municipal Opera, and she acted with the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera at the Jones Beach Marine Theater.
In the summer of 1942, Helen created the role of the Wicked Witch of the West, at The Municipal Opera Association of St. Louis, in the first stage production of "The Wizard of Oz" to use the songs from the 1939 MGM film.
Working for Realart Pictures Inc., Raymond made her first motion picture in 1920, the feature, "Dangerous to Men". She next starred as Mary Pickford's maid in "Through the Back Door" (1921). Raymond acted in at least seven films all together, the final one being "The Huntress" (1923). She appeared in an episode of the TV series "Producers Showcase" in 1955, entitled "The Women".
Personal life.
On November 19, 1914, Raymond married Ira John Perry, a "wealthy St. Louisan", in Baltimore, Maryland. The couple lived in St. Louis until she left in January 1915 to resume her career. She went to New York and starred in "Twin Beds". He sued for divorce on July 5, 1916, on grounds of desertion. He specified in the complaint, "She told me that she regretted the marriage and that she preferred a stage life to that of the home."
Death.
On November 26, 1965, Raymond died at the Lynwood Nursing Home in New York City, aged 87. She had previously lived at 610 Cathedral Parkway.

</doc>
<doc id="7004172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004172" title="Pine Ridge Hospital">
Pine Ridge Hospital

The Pine Ridge Hospital (also known as the Pine Ridge Apartments) is a historic hospital in West Palm Beach, Florida, that served as a hospital between 1923 and 1956. It is located at 1401 Division Avenue.
The hospital was designed by West Palm Beach architects Harvey &amp; Clarke and is not special architecturally.
The hospital building was deemed historically significant at a local level for its role as the sole hospital serving African-Americans in West Palm Beach in the period up to the ending of segregation in the 1960s. It "was a well-known institution among blacks throughout the South" during the 1920s and 1930s.
On 26 January 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
It is included in the Northwest Historic District.

</doc>
<doc id="7004174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004174" title="The DFA Remixes – Chapter Two">
The DFA Remixes – Chapter Two



</doc>
<doc id="7004180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004180" title="Motörhead discography">
Motörhead discography

The discography of Motörhead, an English rock band, consists of 24 studio albums, 21 live albums, 16 compilation albums, five extended plays (EPs), three box sets, 29 singles, 10 video albums and 34 music videos. Motörhead were originally formed in 1975 in London by bassist and vocalist Ian "Lemmy" Kilmister, after his departure from Hawkwind, who drafted in guitarist Larry Wallis and drummer Lucas Fox (who was quickly replaced by Phil "Philthy Animal" Taylor) to complete the band's initial lineup. The trio recorded their debut album for release on United Artists, although it was not released until 1979 as "On Parole". "Fast" Eddie Clarke joined the band as a second guitarist soon after this recording was completed, but as it was shelved by United Artists and even though "On Parole" is chronologically the band's first album, Clarke would instead replace Wallis who left soon after Clarke joined for unspecified reasons. It is this trio who would go on to record the band's first released album, the self-titled "Motörhead", as a three-piece. Thus, beginning the band's classic line-up and initially issued by Chiswick Records in 1977 (as a favour to Lemmy), reaching number 43 on the UK Albums Chart.
In 1978, Motörhead signed with Bronze Records; their first releases on the label was "Overkill" and "Bomber", both in 1979. The albums reached 24 and 12 respectively in the UK, and both spawned UK top 40 singles in "Overkill" and "Bomber". Motörhead improved further on their chart success with their next two studio albums, "Ace of Spades" and "Iron Fist", which reached 4 and 6 respectively on the UK Albums Chart. In 1981 the group also achieved their first UK number one with their first live album, "No Sleep 'til Hammersmith", which was supported by the release of a live recording of "Motörhead" which reached number six in the UK. The band also collaborated with Girlschool (as Headgirl) on the EP "St. Valentine's Day Massacre", which reached number 5 in the UK. Clarke left the band in 1982.
Clarke was replaced by former Thin Lizzy guitarist Brian Robertson, who performed on the top-20 album "Another Perfect Day". In 1984 Robertson was replaced by Phil Campbell and Michael "Würzel" Burston, while Taylor also left to be replaced by Pete Gill. The new four-piece released "Orgasmatron" in 1986, which reached number 21 in the UK, before Taylor returned to the band. "Rock 'N' Roll" and "1916" reached the UK top 40, before Taylor left again during the recording of "March ör Die"; Mikkey Dee was brought in as his replacement. The band's next three albums – "Bastards", "Sacrifice" and "Overnight Sensation" – failed to chart in the UK. During the Sacrifice era Würzel left the band which made the band return to its roots as a three-piece line up which would last up until Lemmy's passing in 2015. In 1998 "Snake Bite Love" reached number 171. Later releases improved in chart success, with the band's album "Bad Magic" reaching number ten on the UK Albums Chart. By 2025 Motörhead sold over 25 million albums worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="7004182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004182" title="Osaka Philharmonic">
Osaka Philharmonic



</doc>
<doc id="7004184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004184" title="Old St. Luke's Hospital">
Old St. Luke's Hospital

The Old St. Luke's Hospital is a historic U.S. hospital in Jacksonville, Florida. It is located at 314 North Palmetto Street. The hospital was originally built in 1878 at a cost of about $6,000. On July 24, 1972, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The building currently houses the archives of the Jacksonville Historical Society.

</doc>
<doc id="7004185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004185" title="Douglas XB-43">
Douglas XB-43



</doc>
<doc id="7004191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004191" title="Miami City Hospital, Building No. 1">
Miami City Hospital, Building No. 1

The Miami City Hospital, Building No. 1 is a historic hospital in Miami, Florida. The historic hospital, which is also known as The Alamo, is located at 1119 Northwest 16th Avenue. On December 31, 1979, the building was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It is known today as Jackson Memorial Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="7004200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004200" title="King's College (London) DNA Controversy">
King's College (London) DNA Controversy



</doc>
<doc id="7004202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004202" title="Carmelite Sisters of the Most Sacred Heart of Los Angeles">
Carmelite Sisters of the Most Sacred Heart of Los Angeles

The Carmelite Sisters of the Most Sacred Heart of Los Angeles is a Catholic religious institute of the Discalced Carmelite Order founded by Mother Maria Luisa Josefa of the Most Blessed Sacrament. It is based in Alhambra, California, a suburb of Los Angeles.
About the Carmelite Sisters.
The way of life of the Carmelite Sisters of the Most Sacred Heart of Los Angeles is rooted in the Gospel, the Church, and the spirituality of Carmel as lived out through the charism of their foundress, Venerable Mother Maria Luisa Josefa of the Most Blessed Sacrament. Their mission statement is three-fold: "Educating for Life with the Mind and Heart of Christ” in schools; being “At the Service of the Family for Life” through eldercare; and “Fostering a Deeper Spiritual Life” through individual and group retreats.
History.
In the 1920s during the revolution and religious persecution in Mexico, Mother Luisita established schools, hospitals, and orphanages despite being scrutinized by the government. "As the fictional women in "The Handmaid’s Tale" are forced to wear their garb, the real religious women of Mexico were threatened with death for wearing theirs." The very persecution which sought to destroy her work only spread it to another land when Mother Luisita and two companions entered the United States (incognito) as religious refugees on June 24, 1927, the feast of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. They established roots in the Archdiocese of Los Angeles.
The community has grown since its humble beginnings with 3 sisters in 1927. Today, the Carmelite Sisters of the Most Sacred Heart of Los Angeles has grown to 143 professed sisters.
Apostolic Work.
Although most Carmelites are cloistered nuns, the Carmelite Sisters of the Most Sacred Heart of Los Angeles are an active community combining the contemplative charism of Carmel and bringing this spirit out to the world through services in elder care, education and retreat work. They carry out this work at 13 sites located in the states of California, Arizona, Colorado and Florida, serving tens of thousands of people yearly.

</doc>
<doc id="7004216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004216" title="Makino Nobuaki">
Makino Nobuaki

 
Count , was a Japanese politician and imperial court official. As Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan, Makino served as Emperor Hirohito's chief counselor on the monarch's position in Japanese society and policymaking.
After victory in World War I, Makino was appointed to be one of Japan's ambassador plenipotentiaries to the Paris Peace Conference of 1919, headed by the elder statesman, Marquis Saionji. At the conference, he and other members of the delegation put forth a Racial Equality Proposal. It won the majority of votes, but was vetoed by the chairman, President Woodrow Wilson.
Even after his retirement in 1935, he remained a close advisor to the throne through the end of World War II in 1945. 
Early life and education.
Born to a samurai family in Kagoshima, Satsuma Domain (present day Kagoshima Prefecture), Makino was the second son of Ōkubo Toshimichi, but adopted into the Makino family at a very early age. 
In 1871, at age 11, he accompanied Ōkubo on the Iwakura Mission to the United States as a student, and briefly attended school in Philadelphia. After he returned to Japan, he attended Tokyo Imperial University, but left without graduating.
Career.
Upon beginning his career as a diplomat, Makino was assigned to the Japanese Embassy in London. There, he made the acquaintance of Itō Hirobumi. Following his service abroad, he served as governor of Fukui Prefecture (1891–1892) and Ibaraki Prefecture (1892–1893). He resumed his career in diplomacy as an Ambassador to Italy (1897–1899) and later Ambassador to the Austro-Hungarian Empire and Switzerland.
 In March 1906, Makino was appointed Minister of Education under Prime Minister Saionji Kinmochi. While serving in the 1st Saionji Cabinet, he was elevated in rank to "danshaku" (baron) under the "kazoku" peerage system. When Saionji began his second term as Prime Minister on 30 August 1911, Makino again joined his Cabinet as Minister of Agriculture and Commerce. He was also appointed to serve on the Privy Council. Over the course of his political career, he aligned his policies closely with Itō Hirobumi and later, with Saionji, and was considered one of the early leaders of the Liberalism movement in Japan.
After victory in World War I, Makino was appointed to be one of Japan's ambassador plenipotentiaries to the Paris Peace Conference of 1919, headed by the elder statesman, Marquis Saionji. At the conference, he and other members of the delegation put forth a Racial Equality Proposal. It won the majority of votes, but was vetoed by the chairman, President Woodrow Wilson.
On September 20, 1920, he was awarded the Grand Cordon of the Order of the Rising Sun with Paulownia Flowers. In February 1921, he became Imperial Household Minister and elevated in rank to "shishaku" (viscount). Behind the scenes, he strove to improve Anglo-Japanese and Japanese-American relations, and he shared Saionji Kinmochi's efforts to shield the Emperor from direct involvement in political affairs. Some historians point to this as having the unforeseen effect of making the Emperor reluctant to curb the trend towards militarism.
In 1925, Makino was appointed Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan. He supported the Golden Pheasant Academy founded by the Confucian scholar Masahiro Yasuoka in 1927. He oversaw the organization of enthronement ceremony of Emperor Hirohito in 1928. On May 15, 1932, Makino's residence got attacked by the ultra nationalist League of Blood, but he was not harmed. It was part of the May 15 Incident.
In 1935, he relinquished his position as Lord Keeper and was elevated in the title to "hakushaku" (count). Although he formally retired his positions in 1935, his relations with Hirohito remained good, and he still had much power and influence behind the scenes. This made him a target for radicals in the Japanese military. He only narrowly escaped assassination at a "ryokan" in Yugawara during the February 26 incident in 1936. He continued to be an advisor and exert a moderating influence on the Emperor until the start of World War II.
Later life and death.
Makino was also the first president of the Nihon Ki-in Go Society, and a fervent player of the game of "go".
After the war, his reputation as an "old liberalist" gave him high credibility, and the politician Ichirō Hatoyama attempted to recruit him to the Liberal Party as its chairman. However, Makino declined for reasons of health and age. He died in 1949, and his grave is at the Aoyama Cemetery in Tokyo.
Personal life.
Noted post-war Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida was Makino's son-in-law. One of his grandchildren Ken'ichi Yoshida was a literary scholar. The former Prime Minister, Tarō Asō, is Makino's great-grandson. His great-granddaughter, Nobuko Asō, married Prince Tomohito of Mikasa, a first cousin of Emperor Akihito. In addition, Ijūin Hikokichi, the former minister of foreign affairs, was the brother-in-law of Makino.

</doc>
<doc id="7004218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004218" title="Bye Bye Love (The Everly Brothers song)">
Bye Bye Love (The Everly Brothers song)

"Bye Bye Love" is a popular song written by Felice and Boudleaux Bryant and published in 1957. It is best known in a debut recording by the Everly Brothers, issued by Cadence Records as catalog number 1315. The song reached No. 2 on the US "Billboard" Pop charts and No. 1 on the "Cash Box" Best Selling Record charts. The Everly Brothers' version also enjoyed major success as a country song, reaching No. 1 in the spring of 1957. The Everlys' "Bye Bye Love" is ranked 210th on "Rolling Stone" magazine's list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
In 1998, The Everly Brothers version of "Bye Bye Love" was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
George Harrison reinterpreted it for his 1974 album "Dark Horse", changing the words to reference his wife Pattie Boyd leaving him for his friend Eric Clapton. "Bye Bye Love" has also been covered by Simon &amp; Garfunkel.
The song had been rejected by 30 other acts before it was recorded by the Everlys. The guitar intro was not originally part of the song, but was something that Don Everly had come up with and was tacked on to the beginning. Chet Atkins was the lead guitar player on the session. Floyd Chance was the upright bassist and Buddy Harman was the drummer.
Simon &amp; Garfunkel version.
Simon &amp; Garfunkel included a live version of the song on their 1970 album "Bridge over Troubled Water". Following the end of filming of "Catch-22" in October, the first performance of their tour took place in Ames, Iowa. The concert included "Bye Bye Love", backed by the audience's hand clapping. Simon &amp; Garfunkel were fascinated with its sound, so they repeated it a second time for a recording; while the first try failed, they liked the second attempt and included it on "Bridge over Troubled Water".
"Bye Bye Love" became a farewell song and a sign of a new career. Peter Ames Carlin praised their version for its "close harmony pleasures".
George Harrison version.
In 1974, George Harrison recorded "Bye Bye, Love" for his album "Dark Horse". As well as inserting a comma in the song title, Harrison wrote additional lyrics and a radically different melody line. Author Chris Ingham describes Harrison's version as "recomposed in a minor key and featuring pointedly customised lyrics". The new words were in reference to his wife Pattie Boyd having left him for their mutual friend Eric Clapton:
In a later verse, Harrison states that he has "got tired of ladies that plot and shove me", before apparently dismissing his wife's affair as "our lady ... out on a spree".
Rumours circulated that Clapton himself contributed on guitar and Boyd on backing vocals, but they were incorrect,&lt;ref name="Gross/CircusRaves"&gt;Michael Gross, "George Harrison: How "Dark Horse" Whipped Up a Winning Tour", "CIrcus Raves", March 1975; available at Rock's Backpages ("subscription required"; retrieved 14 July 2012).&lt;/ref&gt; although the new couple were credited on the inner sleeve notes. Harrison had written their names along with other cryptic messages among the album's musician credits, whereupon an assistant then sought permission from Clapton's record company and added the standard acknowledgment, reading: "Eric Clapton appears through the courtesy of RSO Records."
The song also included a credit for "Rhythm Ace", which Tom Scott explained soon after the album's release: "Rhythm Ace is an electronic machine that plays any rhythm – a boogaloo, a cha-cha or a rhumba. I suppose a lot of people will think it's a person." In fact, Harrison played all the instruments on the recording, using the multitrack facilities at his Friar Park home studio: two 12-string acoustic guitars, drums, Moog bass as well as bass guitar, three electric guitar parts, electric piano, bongos, together with his lead vocal and backing vocals.
While Harrison dismissed the exercise as "just a little joke" in a 1977 interview, his reading of "Bye Bye Love" drew an unfavorable response from music critics when "Dark Horse" was released in December 1974. In music journalist Peter Doggett's description, "gossip columnists lapped up" the information Harrison disclosed in the song. Among more recent assessments, Richard Ginell of AllMusic calls it a "slipshod rewrite" and Alan Clayson refers to Harrison's "blatant ... liberty-taking". Author Simon Leng views it as "one track on "Dark Horse" that seriously fails the quality-control test ... a desperately bad offering". He adds: "In its own way, 'Bye Bye, Love' is a classic 1970s period piece, from the era when rock stars used music to settle their own personal scores. Thankfully, George Harrison only made that mistake once."
In a 2014 review for "Uncut", Richard Williams said Harrison's reading of "Bye Bye, Love" was a highlight of an album that otherwise "only a devoted Apple scruff could love". With this cover version, Williams continued, Harrison "sought the kind of return to bare-bones rock'n'roll simplicity Lennon had achieved with 'Instant Karma'".&lt;ref name="Williams/Uncut"&gt;Richard Williams, "George Harrison "The Apple Years 1968–75"", "Uncut", November 2014, p. 93.&lt;/ref&gt; Ingham also rates "Bye Bye, Love" among the best tracks on "Dark Horse", along with the title song and "Far East Man". Blogcritics' Chaz Lipp describes it as "a funky and funny comment on the dissolution of his marriage".
Personnel.
The following musicians played on the Everly Brothers' recording:
Other cover versions.
The Everly Brothers' country success was concurrent with another country version, recorded by Webb Pierce, at the time one of country music's top entertainers. Pierce's version reached No. 7 on "Billboard"s chart of Most Played C&amp;W by Jockeys, while reaching No. 8 on "Billboard"s chart of C&amp;W Best Selling in Stores, in a tandem ranking with its B-side, "Missing You".
Roy Orbison covered the song on his 1961 album "Lonely and Blue".
Ray Charles covered the song on his 1962 album "Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music", and also performed the song live, including in a television appearance with Glen Campbell.
The Beatles covered the song during the "Let It Be" sessions in 1969.
The Brothers &amp; the Sisters recorded a Hebrew version in 1973, titled "Sha-Shalom".
An altered version, titled "Bye Bye Life", sung by Ben Vereen and Roy Scheider, serves as the finale to the 1979 film "All That Jazz".
David Lindley covered the song on his 1981 album El Rayo-X.
Lacy J. Dalton covered the song on her 1992 album "Chains on the Wind". Her version peaked at number 69 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Anne Murray covered the song on her 2002 album "Country Croonin'. 
Ann-Margret covered the song in a duet with Pete Townshend on her 2023 album, "Born to Be Wild".
A parody of the song was used in a commercial for Sea-Bond denture adhesive in the late 2000s. Within the music industry, the use of the song in that matter was a cautionary tale for how allowing a song to be used in advertising can go wrong; songwriter and producer Bob Gaudio recalled the advertisement when discussing the tight rein he held over his catalog with the Four Seasons Partnership: "Even now I have to turn it off if it shows up on YouTube. It’s just terrible."

</doc>
<doc id="7004223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004223" title="Metroland Media Group">
Metroland Media Group

Metroland Media Group (also known as Community Brands) is a Canadian mass media publisher and distributor which primarily operates in Southern Ontario. A division of the publishing conglomerate Torstar Corporation, Metroland published more than 70 local community newspapers–including six dailies–and many magazines. In addition to printing most of its own publications, Metroland operates as a commercial printer of flyers and magazines.
History.
Metroland is the publisher of six daily and more than 70 community newspapers in Southern Ontario. Metroland also publishes local news, classified and shopping websites, and operates nine printing operations. The company is a distributor of flyers and circulars. It produces specialty print products, magazines and newspaper inserts, which are geared toward specific market segments. Metroland produces and manages a handful of consumer shows.
In February 1981, Metrospan Community Newspapers (a unit of Torstar) and Inland Publishing Company (formerly owned by The Telegram Corporation, owned by the Eaton and Bassett families) merged to become Metroland.
Metroland Publishing was combined with CityMedia Group to create Metroland Media Group on September 11, 2006. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Torstar Corporation. In October 2011, it was announced that Metroland acquired Performance Printing of Smiths Falls, Ontario. The acquisition greatly expanded Metroland's community newspaper coverage in Eastern Ontario.
In 2013, the company cut the frequency of three Toronto suburban newspapers, "Scarborough Mirror", "North York Mirror" and "Etobicoke Guardian", from twice a week to once a week.
On September 15, 2023, the company filed for bankruptcy protection and ceased production of all weekly community newspapers, moving to an online-only model.
Business areas.
Metroland's regional and specialized business units can be grouped into five categories: Newspapers, Printing, Distribution, Digital Media, and Consumer Marketing. After September 15. 2023 the physical printing and distribution of the newspaper unit has ended and moved online.
Distribution.
Metroland maintained a distribution network separate from the Canada Post. The total number of pieces distributed annually has increased substantially to more than 4 billion in 2014. There are 20,000 delivery persons province-wide performing door-to-door delivery of flyers, papers and print materials.
Digital media.
Metroland Media entered into digital media and the internet with the migration of its community newspaper sites online in the mid-1990s. Subsequently, Metroland built or acquired numerous online properties including save.ca, a website offering coupons and flyers; and gottarent.com, a Canadian apartment rentals listing site.
Printing.
Metroland Media owned four printing plants in Ontario, but outsourced some printing in 2023. The presses print Metroland Media now provide commercial printing to other clients as printing of their newspaper ceased on September 15, 2023. The combined print capacity of these print facilities is reported as more than 16 million tabloid pages per hour in full colour, approximately 250,000 newspapers per hour.
Newspapers.
Metroland publishes six daily newspapers: 
Until 2023, it published over 80 local and community newspapers total. With the exception of the aforementioned daily papers, they are all now online-only. 
Metroland newspapers "Ancaster News", "Dundas Star News", "Hamilton Mountain News", and "Stoney Creek News" were available through HamiltonNews.com, which was merged into TheSpec.com by 2022. "The Sachem" was also merged into TheSpec.com. Earlier newspaper titles included "Flamborough Review" and "Glanbrook Gazette".
"Kawartha Lakes This Week" and "Peterborough This Week" were merged into "The Peterborough Examiner".
Magazines.
Metroland publishes dozens of magazines and specialty product titles. The general areas of interest these magazines focus on include lifestyle, leisure, parenting and transportation themes.
Consumer marketing.
Digital marketing production.
Expansion into customer fulfilment led to creation of a Metroland Digital division in 2008 to provide SMBs (small-to-medium businesses) with full-service online marketing capabilities such as fully custom websites, e-commerce websites, paid search (like Google Adwords), search engine optimization (SEO) as well as social media marketing and display advertising.
Consumer shows.
Metroland produces consumer shows in Toronto for specialty audiences for Metroland Media Group publications. Metroland produces several consumer shows and exhibitions including the Toronto Golf &amp; Travel Show, the National Bridal Show, the Forever Young Lifestyle Show, the City Parent Family Show and numerous local area shows.
Competition.
Other large media and publishing companies in the area are also engaged in convergence of their printing and digital activities, and constitute the primary market competition for Metroland in the region. Among these are Rogers Media, Transcontinental Media, and Quebecor.
Awards.
Metroland Media publications have been recognized with Local Media Association awards such as (2013):

</doc>
<doc id="7004224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004224" title="Hán Feī">
Hán Feī



</doc>
<doc id="7004225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004225" title="Alexios Schandermani">
Alexios Schandermani

Alexios Schandermani (born October 25, 1953) is an Iranian German writer. 
Early life.
Schandermani lived in Tehran, the capital of Iran. In 1953 US Central Intelligence Agency overthrew the Iranian government of Prime Minister Mohammed Mossadegh and restored Shah Mohammed Reza Pahlavi. Schandermani's father was a leftist politician. After CIA coup his father was arrested and sentenced to death. But he escaped from the detention centre and later on moved to the USSR where the Soviet officials granted him political asylum. In the early 60's Schandermani immigrated with his mother to Russia, where family was reunited. In 1961 he went to school in Moscow. Two years later he continued his school education in a special school for foreigners Interdom located in the Russian city Ivanovo. In 1971 he graduated from this school and moved to Dushanbe capitol of the former Soviet Republic of Tajikistan. In 1979 after the fall of the Shah's regime Schandermani went via West-Berlin back to Iran. After his arrival at the Tehran's airport Mehrabad he was arrested and jailed. Four days later he was expelled from the country to the German city Berlin, where he applied for political asylum. In 1992 he was naturalized and became citizen of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Career.
In 1978 Schandermani received a Master of Arts Degree in Pedagogical Science from the Tajik State Pedagogical University in Dushanbe, Tajikistan, part of the former USSR. From 1983 to 1990 he studied Slavic Studies at Free University of Berlin.
In 1995 Schandermani was on mission in the conflict zone of Chechnya, where he started to work as a relief delegate for the International Committee of the Red Cross. He helped to coordinate the humanitarian assistance arriving in Chechnya and monitored the distribution. He had different lines of responsibilities in the Northern Caucasus. In Nalchik he worked as a warehouse manager. In Grozny he worked as water sanitation fleet manager. He coordinated all fleet movements in support of water distribution network. He provided medical supplies to hospitals in the Chechen controlled areas. He evacuated the wounded from South of Chechnya to the hospitals in Grozny. He established line of contact with the rebel commanders and with the Chechen general Aslan Maskhadov and negotiated the prisoner exchange with him, using his level of culture, his political maturity, his language abilities, his Iranian origin as well as his fundamental knowledge of Russia. He carried out detention-protection activities at the Filtration Points. He registered detainees held in connection with the hostilities by the Russian federal authorities in Grozny. The war zone in Chechnya proved to be a particularly dangerous one for Westerners, even over and above the fighting itself. In his book "Mission in Chechnya" having had some time to consider his material, he tried to offer an intense rendition of what life was like at the time, including the sort of reports coming in over Russian radio: "Interior troops OMON combing Grozny districts pay special attention to local men. By own experience they know that sometimes civilian with white armband proves to be militant. It is simple to establish: if person has corn on his forefinger because of trigger and there are bruises on his shoulders that appear because of recoil in shooting after several days of fighting, person in question is fighter. I switched off my radio set and asked Foggy, 'What time is it?' He answered, 'Eight o'clock.' There was a thick mist, so thick that the front truck was out of sight."
In 1996 he worked for the International Committee of the Red Cross in Afghanistan as an interpreter and translator. During his mission in Afghanistan his line of responsibility was not only to be a translator. He established contact with the Afghan population. In 2002 he was a German Agro Action delegate in Afghanistan.
In 2009 he took part in the European Russian Language Contest and was among the 500 European winners of 35000 participants, invited to Saint Petersburg to take part in the final round of the contest to demonstrate the knowledge and ability to use all the richness and expressiveness of the Russian language. At the grand closing ceremony of the contest the president of the Saint Petersburg State University announced that he has received second place in his category and he was awarded with the honorary document of the chairperson of the European Russian Language Contes for demonstrating excellence in Russian language.
In 2011 he took part in the International Russian Language Contest in Saint Petersburg and was among the 600 winners of 65000 participants, invited to Saint Petersburg to take part in the final round of the contest and he was awarded with the honorary document of the chairperson of the International Russian Language Contest for demonstrating excellence in Russian language.
On October 25, 2013 with his song ″Peace″ he became one of the winners of the ″Chaika″ Global Internet Competition dedicated to the 50th anniversary of the first woman cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova space flight.
On January 28, 2016 the Boris Yeltsin Presidential Library of Saint Petersburg, Russia announced the winners of the international photo contest ″Foreigner′s View 2015″. Alexios Schandermani was one of the winners of this contest.
Since October 2018 member of the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers (ASCAP)

</doc>
<doc id="7004240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004240" title="Pensacola Hospital">
Pensacola Hospital

The Pensacola Hospital (also known as the Old Sacred Heart Hospital) was a hospital in Pensacola, Florida, United States, located at 1010 North 12th Avenue. On February 16, 1982, it was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places.
History.
Pensacola Hospital, now known as the historic Sacred Heart Hospital, opened in September 1915 as the first and oldest Catholic hospital in Florida. The Daughters of Charity, a religious order dating back to 1633 also dedicated to care for the poor and the sick, invested over $400,000 into building and opening this facility. The Daughters community was started originally in France by St. Vincent de Paul and St. Louise de Marillac.
Evans Brothers Construction, of Birmingham, Alabama, took one year to build this late Gothic Revival building for the Daughters to provide the residents of Pensacola with better health care.
This structure is both a medical and architectural landmark. Before this hospital, Pensacola had only a scattering of local clinics in converted houses. Doctors would send patients with serious cases as far away as New Orleans for complicated procedures not available in Pensacola. With this facility, Pensacola had the first surgical, radiological, bacterial, and therapeutical facilities in Florida. Following the Daughters of Charity motto of "service to all", the third level of the east wing was dedicated entirely to the Creole and Colored population so that they could also receive hospital care. A.O. Von Herbulis, a native of Austria who immigrated to the United States, designed the hospital. Using the vocabulary of English Gothic architecture, with elements such as the Tudor arches on the ends, the stone work around the front entrance, and the embattlement at the parapet, Von Herbulis created a lasting monument to health care.
In 1948, following the original desire of Mother Margaret O'Keefe, Pensacola Hospital's name changed to Sacred Heart Hospital of Pensacola. In 1965,50 years in its original stone structure on 12th Avenue, the hospital relocated in 1965 to a new hospital off to Ninth Avenue to continue its operations. Since then, Sacred Heart has continued to advance its technology and expand its services. After the hospital left, a private school for Liberal Arts used the building from 1969 through 1978, but lack of maintenance forced the school to abandon the building. In 1980, Tower East Group Inc. purchased the property to preserve the historic hospital for the future.
Description.
The building has several restaurants and a local theater company, as well as many private offices. Tower East Group Inc., a private enterprise, has been restoring and renovating this Late Gothic Revival landmark since March 1980. National Park Guidelines for historic preservation are followed voluntarily; however, no Federal or State funding has ever been received. Structurally, the building has received very few alterations in its history. The exterior stonework retains its Gothic appearance to this day and other original architectural details, such as the elaborate oak entrance doors, remain.
It is currently home to a Montessori school and a pizza restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="7004246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004246" title="Apophesis">
Apophesis



</doc>
<doc id="7004250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004250" title="Caste in Sri Lanka">
Caste in Sri Lanka



</doc>
<doc id="7004252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004252" title="Zack Bronson">
Zack Bronson

Robert Zach Bronson (born January 28, 1974) is a cornerbacks coach at McNeese State and a former professional American football safety in the National Football League. He played professionally for the San Francisco 49ers his entire NFL career from 1997 to 2003.
Early life.
Bronson was born in Jasper, Texas, and graduated from Jasper High School (Jasper, Texas). He attended McNeese State University.
Professional career.
Bronson went undrafted in the 1997 NFL draft, and subsequently signed with the San Francisco 49ers. During his rookie year, Bronson recorded 24 tackles and an interception. The following year, Bronson, splitting playing time with Tim McDonald at safety, led the team in interceptions with four. In 2001, Bronson set the record for the longest interception return in franchise history against the Chicago Bears, returning the pick 97 yards for a touchdown.
He played professionally for eight seasons, but suffered a neck injury that hampered his performance and eventually led to his retirement. Bronson ended his career with 191 tackles, 19 interceptions (two returned for touchdowns) and 32 passes defended.
Coaching career.
Bronson started coaching in 2007 as a graduate assistant for his alma mater, McNeese State. He then went on to be a head coach at two high schools, one in Houston and one in Beaumont, both in Texas. He went back to McNeese in 2016 and has served as an assistant coach and cornerbacks coach since then.

</doc>
<doc id="7004257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004257" title="Old DeLand Memorial Hospital">
Old DeLand Memorial Hospital

The Old DeLand Memorial Hospital is a historic hospital in DeLand, Florida, United States. It is located at 240 North Stone Street. On November 27, 1989; it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
It was built between 1920 and 1926. On November 27, 1989; it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It currently contains a local history museum known as the DeLand Memorial Hospital &amp; Military Museum, with exhibits including a 1920s operating room &amp; apothecary exhibit, a gallery of military memorabilia, and tools, equipment and appliances from the early days of the area's ice and electric business. An adjacent building features the Elephant Fantasyland, which is a personal collection of elephant-themed collectibles, a toy collection, and the West Volusia Black Heritage Gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="7004258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004258" title="St. Georges">
St. Georges



</doc>
<doc id="7004259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004259" title="Aidan Ridgeway">
Aidan Ridgeway



</doc>
<doc id="7004264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004264" title="Mayor of Gramado, Rio Grande do Sul">
Mayor of Gramado, Rio Grande do Sul

The Mayor of Gramado is the Head of Government of the town. The mayor is elected for a four-year term, allowed to seek re-election only once. The current mayor is Nestor Tissot.
Gramado has a weak mayor-council form of government and, all executive powers are vested in the person of the mayor. Gramado Town Charter sets these responsibilities (Chapter III, Section II, Article 60), among others, for the mayor of Gramado:

</doc>
<doc id="7004268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004268" title="Mircea Răceanu">
Mircea Răceanu

Mircea Răceanu (born Mircea Bernat, October 17, 1935) is a Romanian diplomat.
Early life.
His parents were two Transylvanian members of the underground Romanian Communist Party (PCR) in the 1930s: a Romanian worker named Ileana Pop and a Jewish carpenter named Andrei Bernat, who was killed at Rîbnița by Fascists in 1944. Mircea was born in Văcărești Prison, where his mother was sentenced for Communist activities. After World War II, his mother married another old-time Communist, Grigore Răceanu.
Mircea Răceanu grew up in Bucharest, studying at the Ion Luca Caragiale High School and later in Moscow at the State Institute of International Relations.
Diplomatic career.
Răceanu started work at a department which dealt with the Romania–United States relations, and with time he was named the chief of this department. In 1969, he started working at the Embassy of Romania in Washington, D.C. and, between 1974 and 1979, he was the first secretary in the same embassy. After returning to Romania, he was the chief of the North America department, which dealt with the United States and Canada. Between 1982 and January 1989, he was the chief of diplomacy department which dealt with the relations with all the countries of the Americas.
While in the United States, Răceanu became an American secret agent, giving information from an insider's point-of-view on the politics of Romania and information on human rights and religious freedom. He said that he sent no national security or military information and that he betrayed his ruler, but not his country. Răceanu further stated that, during a talk with Rabbi Arthur Schneier, Nicolae Ceaușescu said that he did not actually leak any real secrets, but "betrayed me personally".
In 1989, a group of six former Romanian Communist officials, including his stepfather, Grigore Răceanu, signed an open letter which was a critique of Ceaușescu's policies. Mircea Răceanu was arrested for treason on January 31, 1989, but this fact was disclosed only six weeks later (after the letter was published), when it was announced by the Government press agency Agerpres. He was accused of being involved in espionage for the United States since 1974, when he was a secretary in the Embassy of Romania in Washington, but also of links with the "Perestroika"-led Soviet Union. He was sentenced to death in July 1989, but in September, Ceaușescu commuted the sentence to 20 years of prison.
After the Revolution.
He was freed from , Bucharest, on December 23, 1989, during the Romanian Revolution. After the revolution, he criticized the policies of the National Salvation Front, declaring to the "New York Times" that: "It is not over. There is still censorship of the press, and also of radio and television." He also spoke at several political rallies, including one in Bucharest and another at the border with Soviet Moldavia, claiming that the aides of Ceaușescu still held the key positions in the new government.
Silviu Brucan, a member of the National Salvation Front, said that he went to the U.S. Embassy in Romania and told a political officer that it would be best if Răceanu would leave for the United States. In the following days, according to Răceanu's declarations, there were two attempts to kill him, after which he decided to move to the United States.
Mircea Răceanu settled in a Washington, D.C. suburb and became an American citizen in 1992. In 1993, the Romanian court announced that his sentence was still valid, as that he was illegally released in 1989. Six years later, on June 11, 1999, a group of Romanian intellectuals asked that his sentence be overturned because Răceanu was an "anti-Communist fighter"; however, the sentence was reaffirmed, while the deputy attorney general declared that it was "impossible to rehabilitate Mircea Răceanu". A year later, Romania's supreme court of Justice, the High Court of Cassation and Justice, annulled the sentence and cleared Răceanu of all the accusations. He was awarded the National Order of Merit in 2002 by President Ion Iliescu for "helping Romania become a democracy".
Publications.
In 2000, a book of his titled "Infern '89" had a list of the Securitate members among the Romanian diplomats. In 2005, he published in Romania a book named "Cronologie comentată a relațiilor româno-americane", which is a history of relations between Romania and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="7004269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004269" title="ARMS Charity Concerts">
ARMS Charity Concerts

The ARMS Charity Concerts were a series of charitable rock concerts in support of Action into Research for Multiple Sclerosis in 1983. The first (and initially planned to be the only) event took place at the Royal Albert Hall on September 20, 1983, with subsequent dates occurring in the United States, with slightly different lineups of musicians.
Royal Albert Hall ARMS Concert.
The idea for hosting the concert was envisaged by Ronnie Lane, ex-bassist for Small Faces and Faces, himself a casualty of multiple sclerosis. The concert was billed as The Ronnie Lane Appeal for ARMS and featured a variety of British musicians, including Jimmy Page, Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, Steve Winwood, Ronnie Wood, Andy Fairweather Low, Bill Wyman, Kenney Jones, Charlie Watts and Ray Cooper. The concert was notable for being the first occasion on which Clapton, Beck and Page, each a former lead guitarist for The Yardbirds, had performed together on stage.
The set list for the ARMS Charity Concert Video was as follows:
Eric Clapton
Andy Fairweather Low
Steve Winwood with Eric Clapton
Intermission
Jeff Beck
Jimmy Page
All
The complete show lasted just under three hours and included "Wonderful Tonight", "Hound Dog", "Best That I Can", "Wee Wee Baby" and "Bombers Moon".
Clapton, Winwood, Beck and Page each performed sets, with Andy Fairweather Low and Steve Winwood also performing songs. Clapton, with Fairweather Low, Bill Wyman, Chris Stainton, percussionist Ray Cooper, Kenney Jones, James Hooker, Steve Winwood and Fernando Saunders performed a selection of blues and rock numbers. Jeff Beck's set consisted largely of instrumental rock jazz-fusion numbers, though he did perform his 1960s hit "Hi Ho Silver Lining". Jimmy Page's set was made up, first, of three numbers taken from the "Death Wish II" music he had put together for director Michael Winner earlier that year. The set ended with an instrumental version of "Stairway to Heaven", which evoked a great cheer from the audience. Prince Charles and Lady Diana were in attendance seated in the Royal box in the upper level.
After Page's set, the entire cast of musicians gathered on stage to perform "Tulsa Time", a blues rock/country number from Clapton's album "Backless", and then "Layla". In each number, Clapton, Beck and Page each shared lead guitar duties, and, notably in "Layla", each performed a different, and unique guitar solo.
At the concert's end, Ronnie Lane appeared on stage. Expressing thanks not only to the audience, saying that what had been achieved was 'terrific', he also thanked 'all the boys on the stage too', and then led the musicians in a rendition of "Goodnight Irene".
U.S. ARMS Concerts.
The ARMS charity concert proved so popular with both the audience and the musicians that the decision was taken to perform a further nine concerts in the USA. The US dates included Joe Cocker, who notably sang lead vocals on "With a Little Help from My Friends", and Clapton, Jeff Beck and Jimmy Page each shared lead guitar duties on "Layla". While Ronnie Lane appeared in New York, he did not appear at all of the US dates. The first US dates were in Dallas, Texas at Reunion Arena on November 28 and 29, 1983. They played in San Francisco at the Cow Palace from December 1 through 3, 1983, for three sold-out shows. They played in Inglewood, CA at the Forum on December 5 and 6, and finished in New York City at Madison Square Garden on December 8 and 9. Also, Steve Winwood was unable to do the American shows and Paul Rodgers was now playing in Page's set. (They later formed The Firm together.)
Recordings.
A VHS video and a laserdisc (no longer on sale or in circulation) exists of the Albert Hall concert. A DVD is now on general release. On "Rita Mae" and "Cocaine", Clapton can be seen playing a Gibson Explorer rather than his famed Stratocaster Blackie that he used on all other numbers apart from "Everybody Oughta Make a Change", "Goodnight Irene" (an acoustic number) and "Tulsa Time" on which he used Brownie – the 1956 sunburst finish Stratocaster most famously used on "Layla", and later best known as the world's most expensive guitar when sold for $450,000 on June 24, 1999. (But a source states it was another brown sunburst stratocaster that Clapton used for slide play around that era.)
Musicians.
These musicians performed at the London concert:
On the U.S. tour, Winwood and Hymas did not appear. These musicians joined the lineup:

</doc>
<doc id="7004271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004271" title="Poppers (Nitrite inhalants)">
Poppers (Nitrite inhalants)



</doc>
<doc id="7004272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004272" title="Ola Nilsson">
Ola Nilsson

Ola Nilsson (born 22 August 1973) is a former Swedish football player who spent his entire professional career with Helsingborgs IF. He was a central defender.
He joined the club in 1991, leaving his native IFÖ/Bromölla IF. From day one of his spell at HIF, he was a first team regular and in 1992, when the club was re-promoted to Allsvenskan after 24 years in lower divisions, Ola Nilsson formed the backbone of the team together with other HIF stars, such as Mats Magnusson and Henrik Larsson.
In all, Ola Nilsson made 225 appearances for HIF in Allsvenskan, before he announced his retirement after the 2002 season. He was an indispensable part of the 1999 Championship winning team as well as of the 2000 Champions League team.
Ola Nilsson was, and still remains, a very popular figure among the Helsingborgs IF fans. After he retired, he served three years as a board member of the club, but he now works in a bank. He is married to Malin and they have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="7004274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004274" title="Yucatán Siglo XXI Convention Centre">
Yucatán Siglo XXI Convention Centre

Yucatán Siglo XXI (Spanish for "21st century") is a convention centre located in northern Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico. Halls in Siglo XXI have names referring to Maya heritage sites in the region such as "Salón Chichén Itzá", "Salón Uxmal", and "Salón Ek Balam". All of the halls except for Salon Chichen Itza have chandeliers. Salon Chichen Itza, however, is the largest room in the complex with 80,297 square feet of space and can seat up to 12,000 for concerts, ice shows, sporting events including basketball, hockey, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="7004275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004275" title="Yamatsuka Eye">
Yamatsuka Eye



</doc>
<doc id="7004277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004277" title="Asiya Andrabi">
Asiya Andrabi

Asiya Andrabi is a Kashmiri separatist and founding leader of Dukhtaran-e-Millat. This group is part of the separatist organisation All Parties Hurriyat Conference in the Kashmir valley. Government of India has declared it as a "banned organization". The organisation claims that it aims for the freedom of Kashmir from India.
Asiya Andrabi remains one of the most important women separatists in the valley. Asiya Andrabi was married to Qasim Faktoo (a founding member of the Hizbul Mujahideen) in 1990. Her husband is in jail since 1992. By then, Asiya was already the head of Kashmir's biggest network of 'women jihadis' (as she describes her 'lieutenants of Dukhtaran-e-Millat').
Asiya Andrabi has taken part in various protests in the Kashmir valley. She is best known for supporting Masarat Alam in the 2010 Kashmir unrest across Kashmir by using her village network of Dukhtaran-e-Millat operatives for rally support. She hoisted the Pakistan flag and sang the Pakistani national anthem in Kashmir on 25 March 2015. Later on, she was booked for unfurling the Pakistan flag on its national day in Srinagar. On 12 September 2015, she slaughtered a cow and released a video in a bid to defy the ban on sale of beef in Jammu and Kashmir.
On 6 July 2018 Asiya was taken into custody by the National Investigation Agency (NIA), India's federal anti-terror organisation, for allegedly "waging war against India" and other unlawful activities.
Personal life and education.
Asiya did her BSc in Biochemistry. She did her post graduation in Arabic from Kashmir University. She married Ashiq Hussain Faktoo in 1990. As of 2015, Asiya's husband Faktoo has been in jail for 23 years.
Her younger son, 15-year-old Ahmed bin Qasim, was in class IX in Srinagar while her older son, 22-year-old Muhammad bin Qasim, was living with Andrabi's elder sister in Malaysia in 2015. He was the captain of his university cricket team in 2015. Most of Asiya’s relatives have shifted to Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, England and Malaysia. One of her nephews, Zulqarnain is a captain in the Pakistan Army and a second nephew Irtiyaz-un-Nabi is an aeronautical engineer and lecturer in the International Islamic University, Islamabad. 
Andrabi founded her religious beliefs on the teachings of the neo-fundamentalist Jamiat Ahl-e-Hadith, which adheres to the pristine teachings of Islam as to accept everything which is good according to religious text and reject what has not been enjoined by the Islamic Shariah.
Role in Kashmir politics.
In pro-Pakistan and activism and separatism, Asiya is senior to Syed Ali Shah Geelani who used to be a member of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly in the 1980s when she founded Dukhtaran-e-Millat. In 1982, Asiya was associated with a Madrassa ‘Talimul Quran’ for women which was later turned into Dukhtaran-e-Millat. She started inviting women to read, understand and practice their faith. She was accused of mobilizing women against India.
On inspiration behind formation of "Dukhtaran-e-Millat" she said, “I was an ambitious girl. I was shocked by this objection on my wish to study outside. But in that disappointed state Mayil Khairabadi’s book 'Khawateen ki Baatein' came to my rescue." The cover story of the book was of Maryam Jameela, a Christian woman who converts to Islam after studying the religion thoroughly. For Asiya, Jameela’s story was “an eye opener” to practice Islam. Then Asiya turned to be fundamentalist Muslim.
Asiya shot into prominence in the late 1980s when she launched the DeM. However, she jumped into the separatist campaign, which began with the armed insurgency in 1990. In 1993 she was arrested for her anti-national activities, was later released in 1994, and she went underground until 2004.
Asiya faced monthly arrests in 2007 to 2009. During the unrest of 2010, she was held for two consecutive years. Along with Masarat Alam (leader of the pro-Pakistan Muslim League), Asiya is believed to be one of the masterminds of the protests of 2010, and they spearheaded the “Quit Jammu and Kashmir” campaign. In 1982, Asiya was associated with a Darsgah Talimul Quran for women which was later turned into Dukhtaran-e-Millet. She started inviting women to read, understand and practice their faith. “This was the aim of my life now. We mobilized to bring Islam in our society,” she added.
One of the campaigns of the Darsgah was to demand reserved seats for ladies in local buses while other was to remove posters of nude women across the cinema halls – before the era of Militancy started in the valley.
It was only after five years of the formation of her organization, the government objected. “After the elections were held in 1987, darsgahs were locked throughout the valley. When they reached us, our women resisted. I was young and full of passion to resist,” Asiya added.
“But police raided my house and office. They told my father that I was mobilizing women against India but he retorted saying that I was just trying to bring social reform,” she recalls. 
Arrests.
She was arrested on 28 August 2010 by Jammu and Kashmir Police for waging war against India and for inciting violence. She was again arrested on 17 September 2015 in connection with a couple of cases registered against her. The cases included waving Pakistani flags and addressing, via phone, a conference in Pakistan recently. Andrabi, who was not keeping well, as per DeM sources, was sent to Women's Police Station, Rambagh, Srinagar. The court granted her bail, but she was arrested again, and Kashmiris protested against her rearrest.
On 6 July 2018 Asiya and two others connected to her, Nahida Nasreen and Sofi Fahmeeda, were shifted from Srinagar jail and brought to New Delhi by the National Investigation Agency (NIA). They have been booked under various sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) for sedition apart from other things. Following this, on 16 July 2018, a Delhi court ordered the three to one month of judicial custody at Tihar Jail.

</doc>
<doc id="7004278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004278" title="Meadow Stable">
Meadow Stable



</doc>
<doc id="7004279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004279" title="Lynne Procope">
Lynne Procope

Lynne Procope is a Trinidadian-born American poet. She is one of the founders of the louderARTS Project. In 1998, Procope made the 1998 Nuyorican Poetry Slam team. She and her fellow Nuyorican team members Alix Olson, Steve Coleman and Guy LeCharles Gonzalez would go on to win the 1998 National Poetry Slam Championship that year in Austin, TX. This championship would lead to Soft Skull Press publishing the anthology "Burning Down the House" which showcased poetry by Olson, Procope, Coleman and Gonzalez as well as poetry by the 1998 Nuyorican Team's coach, Roger Bonair-Agard. Her best known poems include "Elemental Woman", "Flectere" and "Evidence of Injury". Her writing focuses on the human experience of women and marginalized groups.

</doc>
<doc id="7004280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004280" title="Asymetrical warfare">
Asymetrical warfare



</doc>
<doc id="7004283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004283" title="Delta-9 desaturase">
Delta-9 desaturase



</doc>
<doc id="7004287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004287" title="Commission on Wartime Relocation and Internment of Civilians">
Commission on Wartime Relocation and Internment of Civilians

The Commission on Wartime Relocation and Internment of Civilians (CWRIC) was a group of nine people appointed by the U.S. Congress in 1980 to conduct an official governmental study into the internment of Japanese Americans during World War II.
Proceedings.
The Commission examined Executive Order 9066 (1942), related orders during World War II, and their effects on Japanese Americans in the West and Alaska Natives in the Pribilof Islands. It was directed to look at the circumstances and facts involving the impact of Executive Order 9066 on American citizens and on permanent resident aliens. It was also directed to look at the directives of the U.S. military and their detention in internment camps and relocation of these people. In July 1981, the Commission held public hearings in Washington, D.C. to hear testimony from Japanese-American and Alaska Native witnesses. Public hearings followed in other American cities, including Seattle, San Francisco, Cambridge, New York City, Anchorage, the Aleutian Islands, Pribilof Islands (St. Paul), Chicago, and Los Angeles, where the testimonies were recorded. More than 750 people testified. The Commission then wrote up a report presenting it to Congress.
Findings.
First, the Commission looked at the decision of the exclusion, the justification for this, and the conditions that permitted the decision. The decision they found was mostly based on fear and racism. There was a lot of public fear at the time due to racial stereotypes. The justification by General DeWitt, the man who recommended this action, was found to be unreasonable and racist. He claimed that the Japanese demonstrated a military danger; however, the majority of the Japanese population were law-abiding civilians so this clearly was not the case. The General's next justification was that the Japanese were not loyal. The Commission found this "disloyalty" to be based on the different culture the Japanese had. This was clearly not disloyalty, but a mere difference in culture and posed no threat to military security. The Commission then wondered how such a decision could have allowed this decision to be permitted when the justification had no clear basis. They found out that it was allowed because many people really did believe in this ethnicity determined loyalty and were afraid of the Japanese. Also, the President at the time, Franklin D. Roosevelt, wanted to calm the public and get rid of any rumors surrounding the attack on Pearl Harbor.
The Commission then examined the detention of these ethnic Japanese civilians and the effects of this exclusion and detention. The decision to detain was found by the commission to be due to the believed threat the Japanese were potential spies and saboteurs; but as found before, this was extremely unlikely. These camps were cruel and inhumane. People were housed in rooms of twenty by twenty-four feet. These "houses" were for a full family no matter the size. The children, in an attempt to Americanize them, were forced to salute the flag and sing "My Country, 'Tis of Thee". This song was about liberty and freedom, whereas here these children were forced to live in these cruel camps. Many adults were also forced to do very hard and physically intense labor. These camps, the Commission found, did much psychological and physical damage to the civilians in them.
Report and recommendations.
In 1983, the CWRIC issued its findings in "Personal Justice Denied", concluding that the incarceration of Japanese Americans had not been justified by military necessity. The Commission even stated: "A grave injustice was done to American citizens and resident aliens of Japanese ancestry who, without individual review or any probative evidence against them..." The report determined that the decision to incarcerate was based on "racial prejudice, wartime hysteria, and a failure of political leadership." The Commission concluded that the incarceration of Japanese Americans during World War II was a "grave injustice".
Lastly, the Commission recommended legislative remedies: an official Government apology and redress payments to survivors. In 1988, Congress passed the Civil Liberties Act of 1988 and later signed into law by President Ronald Reagan. The Act's purposes included the government's acknowledging and apologizing for the injustice of the evacuation and internment of U.S. citizens and long-term residents of Japanese ancestry; creating a public education fund to inform the public; making restitution to parties affected; discouraging a similar event from happening in the future; and demonstrating the U.S.' consideration of human rights violations. By this act and a related one in 1992, the US government paid reparations to more than 82,200 Japanese Americans. Reparations were not granted for Japanese Latin Americans who were also incarcerated by the US government.

</doc>
<doc id="7004289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004289" title="Cakany">
Cakany



</doc>
<doc id="7004292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004292" title="Bashi bazouk">
Bashi bazouk



</doc>
<doc id="7004293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004293" title="Danton's Death">
Danton's Death

Danton's Death ("Dantons Tod") was the first play written by Georg Büchner, set during the French Revolution.
History.
Georg Büchner wrote his works in the period between Romanticism and Realism in the so-called Vormärz era in German history and literature (1815/1830-1848). The goal of the politically liberal poets of this period was that literature of a sham existence would again become an effective organ for renewing political and social life. They were opposed to the Romantics and against the restoration of the old order from prior to the Napoleonic Wars. They fought against convention, feudalism and absolutism, campaigned for freedom of speech, the emancipation of the individual, including women and Jews, and for a democratic constitution. They created a trend-poetry and time-poetry – in other words, poetry that dealt with problems of the time and with a commitment to liberal political ideas. Other writers of this trend and period were Heinrich Heine (author of "Deutschland. Ein Wintermärchen" and "Atta Troll. Ein Sommernachtstraum"), Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (author of "Faust" and "Erlkönig") and Franz Grillparzer (author of "Weh dem, der lügt").
Büchner was in constant fear of being arrested whilst writing "Dantons Tod". It only reached print in 1835 after being heavily cut and having the politics softened by sexual innuendo. Research for the play started in late 1834 and he completed a first version of the complete script in five weeks from mid-January to mid-February 1835. The same year saw a version published by Karl Gutzkow in the "Literatur-Blatt" of Eduard Duller's "Phönix. Frühlings-Zeitung für Deutschland" and a book-version in Johann David Sauerländer's Phönix-Verlag, including both the original and Duller's version and giving them the subtitle "Dramatic Scenes from France's reign of terror" to appease the censor. This makes it the only one of Büchner's plays to be published in his lifetime, albeit in a heavily censored version.
For a long time, no theatre dared stage the play; it did not receive its premiere until 1902, long after Büchner's death. This occurred on 5 January, at the Belle-Alliance-Theater in Berlin, in a production by the Vereins Neue Freie Volksbühne.
Analysis.
Its use of numerous historical sources and extensive quotations from original political speeches meant that the play was seen in the 20th century as the precursor to documentary theatre. Until 1979 no one had explored the themes and inner connections within Büchner's work between Eros and Violence systematically – that year saw Reinhold Grimm treat it in "text und kritik, Georg Büchner", and it was continued in the present "Georg Büchner Jahrbuch 11" (2005–2008).
Plot summary.
The play follows the story of Georges Danton, a leader of the French Revolution, during the lull between the first and second terrors. Georges Danton created the office of the Revolutionary Tribunal as a strong arm for the Revolutionary Government. With this, to be accused of anything real or imagined was to be condemned to death without trial, proofs, evidence or witnesses. Within months he knew this power was a terrible mistake and fought to have it ended. Robespierre stopped him and used the Tribunal to have Danton and all opposition killed, consolidate his power and slaughter uncounted thousands of French men, women, and children. Ultimately he followed Danton to the guillotine. Witnesses describe Danton as dying bravely comforting other innocents executed with him.
Second act.
Danton's friends press him to fight or flee Robespierre's supporters, but Danton does not see any need to do so and does not believe that the French National Convention will dare to act against him. Danton confides the guilt he feels for the September Massacres in his wife Julie. Danton is imprisoned and led before the National Assembly, which is divided – it feels it has no choice but to acquit him. However, Robespierre and Saint-Just reverse its opinion.
Third act.
The prisoners discuss the existence of God and life, and an attempt to prove that God does not exist fails. Danton's supporters are transferred to the Conciergerie. During this time the revolutionary tribunal arranges for its jury to be made up of honest and faithful men. Danton appears confidently before the tribunal, impressing the public with his willingness for justice to be done. Seeing the hearers' sympathy for Danton, the court is adjourned. The tribunal's members invent a plot to change the public's mind. At the tribunal's second sitting, the people stop supporting Danton, due to his lifestyle. Danton's liberal programme is revealed as unacceptable to the masses.
Fourth act.
Danton and his supporters are condemned to death. Danton and his friend Camille Desmoulins exchange thoughts on life and death. Danton's wife Julie, who has pledged to be loyal to him beyond death, poisons herself at their home. The people show themselves to be curious and ironic on Danton's way to the scaffold. When Lucile Desmoulins sees her husband Camille mount the scaffold, she goes mad and resolves to die too, crying "Long live the king!" and thus guaranteeing her own death sentence.
Characters.
Georges Danton.
He is portrayed as a man, at his ease, with innate hedonism, with respect for the recent successes of the Revolution but doubts as to its other objectives. The atmosphere around Danton is marked by wine, gaming and easy women. This is contrary to the realities of the revolution, characterised by poverty, begging, drunkenness and prostitution (1.5). Danton was once poor and owes his current wealth to a gift from the Duke of Orleans, who tried to bribe his way to the French throne and gave Danton a gift as part of this attempt (S. 74, Z. 1–13).
Danton is also portrayed as a hero who stands up against Robespierre's unnecessary killings (Einfach Deutsch; S. 73, Z. 9–12): "You want bread and he throws out heads. You thirst and he leads you to the guillotine to lick up the blood." He even takes his premature death as inevitable, with a death wish: "Life is evidently a burden to me, please take it away from me, I long to be there to take it off" (S. 60, Z. 13–14). Danton has a strong bond of love to his wife Julie, without whom he will not die.
Maximilien Robespierre.
He is shown as recognising the plight of the people, who admire him as "virtuous" and "the incorruptible". Even he is not always virtuous, as is already visible at the start of the play in his conversation with Danton. Robespierre is accused of killing people in order to distract from the ongoing famine. He is presented both as a man with a social conscience and as one who moves against Danton to convince the people of their own power. Other revolutionaries describe Robespierre's policy as that of a terrorist.

</doc>
<doc id="7004301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004301" title="Başıbozuk">
Başıbozuk



</doc>
<doc id="7004302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004302" title="Virginia State Highway 5">
Virginia State Highway 5



</doc>
<doc id="7004307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004307" title="Asiya andrabi">
Asiya andrabi



</doc>
<doc id="7004314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004314" title="Bishop Vesey's">
Bishop Vesey's



</doc>
<doc id="7004317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004317" title="Basibozuk">
Basibozuk



</doc>
<doc id="7004323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004323" title="Miljoenenjacht (Belgian game show)">
Miljoenenjacht (Belgian game show)

Miljoenenjacht (; ) is the Belgian version of "Deal or No Deal". It aired on VTM, debuting on October 16, 2004. It was hosted by Walter Grootaers, with a top prize was €1,000,000. A second season premiered on October 15, 2005. The show later moved to VijfTV, which produced the Flanders version of "Deal or No Deal" under the title "Te Nemen of Te Laten".
Quiz rounds.
The game show consisted of five rounds.
Preliminary rounds.
The first three rounds in the show are the same as the Dutch version, although there are only 150 contestants divided into six blocks of 25 players each, labeled from A to F. Three trivia question rounds are played to eliminate these sections one by one until only a single block remains. The players of this block move on to the next round. One additional player from the remaining 125 contenders is chosen at random, and this player has the opportunity to choose between a valuable prize and a seat in Round 4. If the contestant takes the prize, another eliminated player is randomly selected to be the 26th player.
Rounds 4 and 5.
The 26 contestants in Round 4 answer eight multiple-choice questions. If a contestant answers correctly, they receive one point for each other player who answered incorrectly. Wrong answers are worth nothing. Two contenders with the highest points advance to Round 5.
In Round 5, the two remaining contestants face each other and they are given an option to leave the game with a valuable prize. If neither accepts the offer, the host asks a math question to determine the one who goes to the final.
Final.
In the Final, there are 26 closed briefcases that contain the values from €0.01 to €1,000,000. The winner in Round 5 chooses one of the briefcases to keep until the end of the game. The other 25 each hold one of the remaining briefcases and the contestant guesses the amount in the case when the contestant chooses it. Correct guesses receives €100 for each unopened case remaining.
The final is the case-picking game similar to the Dutch version and many franchises of "Deal or No Deal" worldwide.
"Te Nemen of Te Laten".
Later in its run, the show switched networks, moving to VijfTV. The VijfTV edition, which is the Flanders version of "Deal or No Deal", was broadcast under the title, "Te Nemen of Te Laten". The show was hosted by Dré "Felice" Steemans. The top prize was €200,000, and the prize money was shared with a randomly selected premium line caller. This version was cancelled after the death of Felice in October 2009.
Box Values.
Note: Some small values may be replaced with joke prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="7004324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004324" title="Western Australia Rugby Union">
Western Australia Rugby Union



</doc>
<doc id="7004325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004325" title="Zuhri ibn Shab">
Zuhri ibn Shab



</doc>
<doc id="7004329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004329" title="Stuart Alexander Lowe">
Stuart Alexander Lowe



</doc>
<doc id="7004339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004339" title="Tımarlı">
Tımarlı



</doc>
<doc id="7004346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004346" title="Rugby WA">
Rugby WA



</doc>
<doc id="7004349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004349" title="Andrabi">
Andrabi

Andrabi is a Persian, Iranian, and Kurdish surname. It is commonly used by people from the Andarab region of the Middle East, however people with Andrabi surname can be found in other parts of the world too.
Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7004352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004352" title="The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show">
The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show

The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show (also called Cartoon Town) is a Chicago children's television program that aired on WFLD and later WGN-TV from 1968 to 1974. It starred Bill Jackson (the BJ of the title) and his puppets.
WFLD and WGN-TV.
Jackson had a program called "Clown Alley" on WBBM-TV which though critically praised did poorly in the ratings due to an early morning time slot. However, officials at WFLD, then an independent station, were impressed enough to offer Jackson a time slot opposite WGN's popular "Garfield Goose and Friends". While Jackson had portrayed a fictional character (Freckles the Clown) on "Clown Alley" (and its Sunday morning sister program, "Here Comes Freckles"), for the new show, "Cartoon Town with Bill Jackson" (later retitled "The BJ &amp; Dirty Dragon Show"), Jackson appeared as himself. Jackson brought along many of his puppets from "Clown Alley", including the most popular, Dirty Dragon, a gruff creature who snorted smoke and who was based on an old co-worker of Jackson's in Indianapolis.
The premise of the show was that Jackson was the mayor of the fictional Cartoon Town and the puppets were all residents of the town. Dirty Dragon was the postmaster, but ended up eating most of the mail. A large blob of clay called the Blob was the town monument; he spoke in a strange distorted voice only Jackson could understand. Jackson would, at the Blob's request, manipulate him into whatever seemed appropriate that day.
The show is credited with helping to spur the market for UHF-compatible televisions in the Chicago area. However, "Cartoon Town" faced tough competition from WGN-Channel 9, leading Jackson to alter the show's format in the fall of 1971, when the show was moved to a noon timeslot (opposite WGN-TV's "Bozo's Circus"), retitled "The BJ &amp; Dirty Dragon Show", and received a format overhaul with a live studio audience and the former puppet characters performed by full-size costumed actors. This version of the show adopted the format of Jackson's successful outside live performances, but the concept was less successful on television than in an in-person theatre setting, and before long, the show returned to its original format (though retaining the new title). Jackson and his producer both were awarded local Emmys for their work on the show for the season live actors were used. "The BJ &amp; Dirty Dragon Show" last aired on WFLD July 27, 1973, after 1,311 episodes. The following month, the show moved to WGN-TV Channel 9 for a one-year run, ending in August 1974. During this time, Jackson commuted between Chicago and New York City, also performing a version of the show called "BJ's Bunch" for WNBC. Subsequently, Jackson used the show's characters in a one-shot holiday special, "A Gift For Granny", which aired on Chicago's NBC affiliate, WMAQ-Channel 5, in December 1974. (A later version of "A Gift For Granny", produced by Jackson in Los Angeles in the early 1980s, was later released on VHS by Karl-Lorimar Home Video.).
"Gigglesnort Hotel"-WLS-TV.
In January 1975, WLS-TV Channel 7 (Chicago's ABC affiliate) picked up the show as a weekly Sunday morning series, with another revised format, under the new title, "Gigglesnort Hotel". Jackson developed this incarnation as an educational series to fulfill FCC requirements, casting himself as the hotel's desk clerk, with "B.J." and the rest of his puppet cast appearing as either employees or guests at the hotel owned and operated by new character Captain Gigglesnort. "Gigglesnort Hotel" ran for three years, with 78 half-hour episodes produced. The series was syndicated nationally, and seven volumes of episodes were released on VHS by Karl-Lorimar Home Video in the 1980s. in the 1978–79 season, Jackson did "The Too Late Show staring Dirty Dragon", a slight take off on Johnny Carson's "Tonight Show", as a local Featurette during ABC-TV's "Kids Are People Too", also on WLS-TV.
Jackson's final Chicago TV series was another WLS production, "Firehouse Follies", which followed a similar format and ran for 13 episodes in 1980. WLS-TV aired each episode twice, before returning to reruns of "Gigglesnort Hotel", which continued to air Saturday and Sunday mornings through 1985. In 1995, Jackson donated the show's puppets to the Museum of Broadcast Communications.
Retirement.
Still a Chicago favorite, he appeared for a presentation for the Museum of Broadcast Communications, "Saturday Morning with B.J. and Dirty Dragon: Bill Jackson, Live in Person—One Last Time", in December 2009. The performance was sold out quickly; Jackson, who also received two Iris Awards for the best locally produced children's show in the United States, said this would be his last time appearing as a performer.

</doc>
<doc id="7004353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004353" title="Timarli">
Timarli



</doc>
<doc id="7004355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004355" title="1909 Velasco Hurricane">
1909 Velasco Hurricane



</doc>
<doc id="7004360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004360" title="Fool's Mate (album)">
Fool's Mate (album)

Fool's Mate is the debut solo album by Peter Hammill of progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator. The title is both a chess and tarot reference. It was produced by Trident Studios' in-house producer John Anthony. The album was recorded in 1971, in the midst of one of Van der Graaf Generator's most prolific periods. Hammill used the album to record a backlog of songs which were much shorter and simpler than his Van der Graaf Generator material, and declared on the original album sleeve: "This isn't intended to be any kind of statement of my present musical position, but at the same time, it is an album which involves a great deal of me, the person, basically a return to the roots."
Guest musicians on the album included the members of Van der Graaf Generator, members of his label mates Lindisfarne, and guitarist Robert Fripp.
"Fool's Mate" includes one of Hammill's most celebrated love songs, "Vision", which he still performs in concert. Both "Vision" and "The Birds" were re-worked for Hammill's 1984 album "The Love Songs".
In 2005 "Fool's Mate" was issued in remastered form by EMI Virgin Records, supplemented with bonus demo recordings of several songs.
Cover art.
The cover was designed by Paul Whitehead, who at the time was the favourite cover artist for Van der Graaf Generator and fellow Charisma band Genesis.
Background and recording.
"Fool's Mate" is a collection of songs written over four years (from 1967 through 1971) which fell into a lighter, more mellow vein than that of Hammill's band Van der Graaf Generator. Realizing that the songs would never be recorded by Van der Graaf Generator, Hammill asked Charisma Records president Tony Stratton-Smith, who was also Van der Graaf Generator's manager, if he could record a solo album. The entire album was recorded in a single two-day session at Trident Studios, in between Van der Graaf Generator tour dates.
Reception.
The UK music press was generally very positive about "Fool's Mate". Melody Maker saw it as "one of THE albums of the year".
Paul Stump, in his "History of Progressive Rock", called "Fool's Mate" "a revamped corpus of pre-Van der Graaf Generator and pre-university songs of plumptious psychedelic pop hedging its bets between Syd Barrett and Al Stewart." He remarked that some of the songs seem more like "warm-up exercises" for longer, better works, but he found the tunes "Summer Song in Autumn" and "Sunshine" very catchy and pleasing, and praised the "spine-tingling" three-part organ chord which concludes the album.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by Peter Hammill, except where indicated.
Personnel.
Adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="7004366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004366" title="Nanovid tracking">
Nanovid tracking



</doc>
<doc id="7004367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004367" title="Neil Dennis">
Neil Dennis



</doc>
<doc id="7004368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004368" title="Spakh">
Spakh



</doc>
<doc id="7004370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004370" title="Timarlu">
Timarlu



</doc>
<doc id="7004371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004371" title="Virginia State Highway 2">
Virginia State Highway 2



</doc>
<doc id="7004372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004372" title="Dukhtaran-e-Milat">
Dukhtaran-e-Milat



</doc>
<doc id="7004373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004373" title="Julio Grondona">
Julio Grondona

Julio Humberto Grondona (18 September 1931 – 30 July 2014) was an Argentine football executive. He served as president of the Argentine Football Association ("Asociación del Fútbol Argentino") from 1979 until his death in 2014. He also served as Senior Vice-President of FIFA ("Fédération Internationale de Football Association").
Biography.
Arsenal Fútbol Club.
Julio Grondona's career in football began in 1956, when he and his brother Héctor founded Arsenal Fútbol Club, inspired by the homonymous English side, in Sarandí, Avellaneda, Buenos Aires. The team's colours, light blue and red, were chosen because of two different reasons. The light blue represents the sky and the red stripe, is in honor to Julio's grandfather, who was a fan of River Plate.
Grondona was president of the club for nearly twenty years, from 1957 to 1976, when he was elected president of Club Atlético Independiente. Under his leadership the club was promoted from the lowest rank in the Argentine football league system, the Primera D, in 1962 and once again in 1964, when the team won the Primera C title.
Club Atlético Independiente.
While holding the Arsenal de Sarandi presidency, he also held positions in neighboring club Independiente, where he was elected as chair of the professional football subcommittee in 1962. While he was in that role, the team won the 1963 Argentine Primera División, the Copa Libertadores in 1964 and 1965 and the Campeonato Nacional in 1967.
In 1970 his "Lista Roja" lost the club's elections, and he left the club until his return as president in 1976, when he defeated the ruling José Epelbóim in the elections. Under Grondona, Independiente won the 1977 Campeonato Nacional in Córdoba against locals Talleres with eight players on the pitch, and the 1978 Campeonato Nacional, beating River Plate in the final.
Argentine Football Association.
In 1979 Grondona was elected to succeed Huracán's David Bracuto as head of the Argentine Football Association, immediately after Argentina's 1978 FIFA World Cup win.
During his tenure Argentina reached three World Cup finals (all of them against Germany, winning in 1986 and losing in 1990 and 2014), three Olympic finals (obtaining the silver medal in Atlanta 1996 and gold in Athens 2004 and Beijing 2008) and won six FIFA U-20 World Cups (1979, 1995, 1997, 2001, 2005 and 2007).
Death.
Grondona died of an aortic aneurysm at the age of 82 on 30 July 2014 at Buenos Aires, Argentina
Controversy.
Grondona caused controversy in 2003 when, in response to a journalist's question about referee standards in Argentina, he said: "I do not believe a Jew can ever be a referee at this level. It's hard work and you know, Jews don't like hard work." In another incident, he went on record saying "Jews don't like it when it gets rough."
On 31 May 2011, in an interview with German press, when asked about who he voted for to receive the 2018 and 2030 World Cup hosting rights Grondona said, "Yes, I voted for Argentina, because a vote for the US would be like a vote for England, and that is not possible "[...]" But with the English bid I said: Let us be brief. If you give back the Islas Malvinas (Falkland Islands), which belong to us, you will get my vote. They then became sad and left." Grondona later apologized for his attack on England.
In 2014 his son, Humberto, a FIFA official, admitted illegally selling tickets for games at the World Cup in Brazil.
On 2 June 2015, FIFA blamed Julio Grondona for approving, in 2007, corrupt payments at the centre of the United States Department of Justice investigation known as FIFA-gate that led to the 47-count indictment against football officials and sports marketing executives.
In popular culture.
Luis Margani portrayed Grondona in the 2020 Amazon Prime Video original series "El Presidente".

</doc>
<doc id="7004377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004377" title="Angelo Carasale">
Angelo Carasale

Angelo Carasale (died 1742) was an Italian architect, active mainly in Naples.
He held the primary responsibility for designing the elaborate furnishings of the Teatro di San Carlo, which was the new opera house in Naples in 1737. Alexandre Dumas recounts the commonly repeated, yet likely apocryphal, tale that the king was so taken by the beauty of the theatre that he personally presented Carasale to the public for applause, remarking that the only thing lacking from the new theater was a private passageway for royalty from the adjacent Royal Palace. The anecdote continues by stating that, a few hours later, at the end of the performance of the opera "Achille in Sciro" by Domenico Sarro, Carasale approached the king and notified him that the passageway was ready.
Carasale subsequently served as impresario of the San Carlo opera house for the first four years of its existence.
Earlier, Carasale had been the architect given the task of redesigning San Carlo's predecessor, the small San Bartolomeo theatre, in order that it might be converted into a church. He also worked on the interiors of a number of Neapolitan churches. Apparently, Carasale was imprisoned in the fortress of Sant'Elmo on charges of embezzling funds meant for the San Carlo house. Some sources says that he "died in disgrace."
References.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="7004378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004378" title="Sançak">
Sançak



</doc>
<doc id="7004382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004382" title="Geography of BC">
Geography of BC



</doc>
<doc id="7004388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004388" title="Christopher Chenery">
Christopher Chenery

Christopher Chenery (September 16, 1886 – January 3, 1973) was an American engineer, businessman, and the owner/breeder of record for Thoroughbred horse racing's U.S. Triple Crown champion Secretariat.
Early life and career.
Christopher Chenery, the son of Ida and James Chenery, was born in Richmond and raised in Ashland, Virginia. He had three brothers, William Ludlow Chenery, who became editor of "Collier's", Dr. Alan Chenery, and Charles Morris Chenery. (A fourth brother died young.) Chenery's sister was Blanche Chenery Perrin, a writer of novels and children's books centered on horse racing, such as Born To Race. As a child, Chenery visited relatives at the farm in Doswell, Virginia known as The Meadow where he learned to ride. This was the farm where he later founded Meadow Stable and where Secretariat was born.
He studied at Randolph-Macon College and Washington and Lee University, graduating in 1909 with a Bachelor of Science in Engineering. He began his engineering career in Virginia before moving to projects in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska, but his career was interrupted with service in the United States Army Corps of Engineers during World War I. During the war, he commanded training facilities at Camp Humphries, Virginia. Afterward, he was a government consultant on engineering and construction.
On January 18, 1917, he married Helen Clementina Bates, who died in November 1967. They had two daughters, Helen Bates "Penny" Tweedy and Margaret Carmichael, and one son, Hollis Burnley Chenery, an economist at the World Bank.
Chenery formed the Federal Water Service Corporation in 1926, later the Federal Water and Gas Corporation. Chenery was involved in two cases before the Supreme Court of the United States that are considered landmark cases of United States administrative law.
In 1936, he became the chairman of the board of another utility, Southern Natural Gas later Sonat, eventually purchased by the El Paso Corp. In 1954 he formed The Offshore Company, a Southern Natural Gas Company subsidiary conducting deepwater drilling in the Gulf of Mexico. He was chairman of the board and chief executive officer until 1965.
Meadow Stable.
One of the founders of the New York Racing Association, Chenery made his home in the village of Pelham Manor, New York, for nearly fifty years from the early 1920s until his hospitalization in 1968, five years before his death. He was an active member of the community, including serving on the vestry of Christ Church, the Protestant Episcopal Church in Pelham. However, he is best known for his 1936 purchase of The Meadow, an ancestral property in Caroline County near his boyhood home in Ashland, Virginia. It was there that he founded Meadow Stud, a stud farm which bred thoroughbreds, and Meadow Stable, under whose colors the horses ran. According to Alan Chenery Jr., Christopher's nephew, the Chenery brothers decided that the horses from Meadow Stable would wear the blue and white colors of their college fraternity, Phi Delta Theta.
Chenery bought "four or five horses for a moderate price" in 1936, and soon afterward "a good 16-year-old horse named Whiskaway for $115". In 1939, he purchased his foundation mare, Hildene, for $750. Hildene would produce two of Chenery's most important horses: Hill Prince, the 1950 American Horse of the Year, and First Landing, champion juvenile in 1958 and third in the 1959 Kentucky Derby. He also owned Cicada, champion filly at two, three, and four and once the world's leading money winner among mares.
In 1947 Chenery purchased a stakes-winning mare named Imperatrice at a dispersal sale for $30,000. She would go on to produce several stakes winners for The Meadow, but her most important offspring was Somethingroyal, an unplaced mare who became the 1973 Kentucky Broodmare of the Year. Prior to foaling Secretariat at age 18, Somethingroyal had already produced Sir Gaylord, a stakes winner who became an important sire, whose offspring included Epsom Derby winner Sir Ivor. Somethingroyal's other stakes winners included First Family and Syrian Sea.
In the mid-1950s Chenery was one of three men appointed by the Jockey Club to restructure and restore integrity to New York racing. Along with John W. Hanes and Harry Guggenheim, Chenery organized the non-profit Greater New York Racing Authority, with the novel idea of funneling proceeds to the state. However, it was Chenery who personally obtained the $30 million loan necessary to renovate New York race tracks after banks balked at financing "an enterprise based on gambling".
In 1965 Chenery entered a foal-sharing agreement with Ogden Phipps, who owned a leading sire, Bold Ruler. Each year, they would breed two Meadow broodmares with Bold Ruler. Then, before the foals were born, they would decide by coin toss who got first choice of the two foals. In 1968, Chenery became ill, and his daughter Penny took charge of The Meadow. She chose Somethingroyal as one of the mares for breeding to Bold Ruler. In 1969, Tweedy lost the coin toss with Phipps, who chose the other mare's foal. The Meadow kept Somethingroyal's yet-to-be-born foal, the future Secretariat.
Chenery was admitted to New Rochelle Hospital in late February 1968. He remained there until his death on January 3, 1973, before Secretariat's Triple Crown victory occurred.
Now known as Meadow Event Park, the former farm became the home of the Virginia State Fair in 2009.
Honors.
Christopher Chenery was recognized by the American horse racing industry with a number of laurels including the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Breeder in 1972 and 1973. In 2019 he received its highest honor when the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame made him one of the Pillars of the Turf.

</doc>
<doc id="7004392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004392" title="Tokudaiji Sanetsune">
Tokudaiji Sanetsune

Prince was a Japanese courtier who served as Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan from 1891 to 1912 during the Meiji era.
Life.
Tokudaiji Sanetsune was born to a branch of the Fujiwara court nobility in Kyoto. His father was Tokudaiji Kin'ito, and his brother was Saionji Kinmochi, later Prime Minister of Japan.
Joining the "sonnō jōi" ("Revere the Emperor, Expel the Barbarian") faction in Court against westernization and the Tokugawa shogunate, he was forced to flee Kyoto during the coup d'état by the moderate "samurai" of the Aizu and Satsuma domains on 18 August 1863. He returned after the Meiji Restoration and served in a number of posts in the new government. He became a "Dainagon" in 1869.
In 1884, he was given the title of "koshaku" (marquis) under the new "kazoku" nobility rankings, and was subsequently elevated to "koshaku" (prince). In 1891 he became Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan a post he held until Emperor Meiji's death. He felt very strongly that the Emperor should not involve himself in politics or in the decision-making process of government.

</doc>
<doc id="7004393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004393" title="Virginia State Highway 3">
Virginia State Highway 3



</doc>
<doc id="7004399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004399" title="Regensburg lecture">
Regensburg lecture

The Regensburg lecture or Regensburg address was delivered on 12 September 2006 by Pope Benedict XVI at the University of Regensburg in Germany, which sparked international reactions and controversy. The lecture entitled "Faith, Reason and the University – Memories and Reflections" ().
In his lecture, the Pope, speaking in German, quoted a passage about Islam made at the end of the 14th century by Byzantine (Eastern Roman) emperor Manuel II Palaiologos. The controversial comment originally appeared in the seventh of the 26 "Dialogues Held with a Certain Persian, the Worthy Mouterizes, in Anakara of Galatia", written in 1391 as an expression of the views of Manuel II, one of the last Christian rulers before the Fall of Constantinople to the Ottoman Empire in 1453, on such issues as forced conversion, holy war, and the relationship between faith and reason. The passage, in the English translation published by the Vatican, was:
Many Islamic politicians and religious leaders protested against this passage the pope quoted, and which they perceived as an insulting mischaracterization of Islam. Mass street protests were mounted in many Islamic countries. The Pakistani parliament unanimously called on the Pope to retract "this objectionable statement".
The Pope maintained that the comment he had quoted did not reflect his own views, arguing that he was in agreement with the broader point about the importance of reason and non-violence that Manuel II developed later on in the text, but not with the characterisation of Islam as inherently evil or violent. His statement has been included as a footnote in the official text of the lecture available at Vatican website:
Pope Benedict XVI's lecture.
The lecture on faith and reason, with references ranging from ancient Jewish and Greek thinking to Protestant theology and modern secularity, focused mainly on Christianity and what Pope Benedict called the tendency to "exclude the question of God" from reason. Islam features in a part of the lecture: the Pope quoted a strong criticism of Islam, a criticism Pope Benedict disclaimed as being stated with an "unacceptable" "startling brusqueness, a brusqueness which leaves us astounded".
The author of this criticism was the Byzantine Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos (or Paleologus) in a 1391 dialogue with an "educated Persian" (who remained unnamed in all the dialogues), as well as observations on this argument made by Theodore Khoury, the scholar whose edition of the dialogue in question the pontiff was referencing. Pope Benedict used Manuel II's argument in order to draw a distinction between a Christian view, as expressed by Manuel II, that "not acting reasonably is contrary to God's nature", and an allegedly Islamic view, as explained by Khoury, that God transcends concepts such as rationality, and his will, as Ibn Hazm stated, is not constrained by any principle, including rationality, although it is known in Islamic thought that this does not imply the intended meaning as used by the editor.
As a part of his explication of this distinction, Pope Benedict referred to a specific aspect of Islam that Manuel II considered irrational, namely the practice of forced conversion. Specifically, the Pope (making clear that they were the Emperor's words, not his own) quoted Manuel II Palaiologos as saying: "Show me just what Muhammad brought that was new and there you will find things only bad and inhuman, such as his command to spread by the sword the faith he preached."
The pontiff was comparing apparently contradictory passages from the Qur'an, one being that "There is no compulsion in religion", the other being that it is acceptable to "spread the faith through violence". The pontiff argued the latter teaching to be unreasonable and advocated that religious conversion should take place through the use of reason. His larger point here was that, generally speaking, in Christianity, God is understood to act in accordance with reason, while in Islam, God's absolute transcendence means that "God is not bound even by his own word", and can act in ways contrary to reason, including self-contradiction. At the end of his lecture, the Pope said, "It is to the great logos, to this breadth of reason, that we invite our partners in the dialogue of cultures."
Paragraphs about Islam.
Quoted below are the three paragraphs (of sixteen total) which discuss Islam in Pope Benedict's lecture:
Subsequent Vatican statements.
Official Vatican declaration.
On 16 September 2006, Tarcisio Bertone, the Secretary of State of the Holy See, released a declaration explaining that the "position of the Pope concerning Islam is unequivocally that expressed by the conciliar document " and that "the Pope's option in favour of inter-religious and inter-cultural dialogue is equally unequivocal."
Response to official declaration.
For many Muslim leaders, the declaration on 16 September was insufficient to rectify the situation. A representative for the Muslim Brotherhood rejected the Vatican statement, noting "Has he presented a personal apology for statements by which he clearly is convinced? No." Grand Mufti Abdul-Azeez ibn Abdullaah Aal ash-Shaikh, Saudi Arabia's highest religious authority, called the Pope's declaration "lies", adding that they "show that reconciliation between religions is impossible". On the other hand, the Muslim Council of Britain had a more favourable view of the declaration, issuing their own statement on 16 September that the Pope's expression of "sincere regret" was "a good first step".
Pope's Angelus remarks.
On 17 September, before his regular weekly Sunday Angelus prayer, Pope Benedict XVI said:
Reactions to Angelus remarks.
Benedict's remarks at his Angelus appearance initially received a mixed yet predominantly negative response. Mohammed Sayed Tantawi, Grand Imam of Al-Azhar Mosque, Cairo, a Sunni institution, stated, "We have no objection if the Pope holds another speech and declares publicly that what the Byzantine emperor had said was wrong. At the same time, the Pope has to apologize frankly and justify what he said". Mohammed Habib, deputy leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt's main Islamic opposition group originally, not long after the Pope's Sunday statements, called them a sufficient apology. However, later in the day, he retracted that statement, saying, "The Pope's comments that downplayed his earlier remarks are not enough. We will not accept anything less than an apology." Mohammed Habib also said: "It does not rise to the level of a clear apology and, based on this, we're calling on the Pope of the Vatican to issue a clear apology that will decisively end any confusion."
This sentiment was shared by the governments of Malaysia ("inadequate to calm the anger"), and Jordan ("a step forward", but "not sufficient"), by Turkish State Minister Mehmet Aydın ("you either have to say this 'I'm sorry' in a proper way or not say it at all. Are you sorry for saying such a thing or because of its consequences?") and scholar Yusuf al-Qaradawi, who called for a "peaceful international day of rage" on his popular TV show on "Al Jazeera": "[The Pope's latest statements] were no apology. They were an accusation against Muslims that they didn't understand his words."
Later comments were more favourable of the Pope. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said: "We respect the Pope and all those interested in peace and justice", and said he accepted the Vatican view that the pontiff's words had been "misinterpreted" and "taken out of context". Malaysia’s Prime Minister Abdullah Ahmad Badawi said: "I suppose we could accept this. We hope that there would be no other statements that would anger Muslims." Ali Bardakoğlu, the head of Turkey’s Religious Affairs Directorate said that Benedict's "expression of sadness is a sign that he would work for world peace". Australian Muslim leader Ameer Ali said Australian Muslims must "accept the Pope's apology" over remarks that offended Islam and "move on". Filipino Muslims expressed support for Pope Benedict's apology and blamed certain media outlets for increasing the tensions between Muslims and Catholics.
Diplomatic initiative.
On 25 September 2006, Pope Benedict XVI held an audience with Muslim diplomats, ambassadors of Muslim countries and members of the Consulta Islamica, the Italian government appointed consultative body on Islamic affairs. The meeting was an effort to mend relations with the Muslim community. Pope Benedict's spokesman, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, said the meeting at Castel Gandolfo, the Pope's summer residence, was "certainly a sign that dialogue is returning to normal after moments of ... misunderstanding."
During the session, Pope Benedict XVI reiterated his conviction that the dialogue between Muslims and Christians is "a vital necessity" for the good of a world marked by relativism, one that "excludes the transcendence and universality of reason". At this meeting, Pope Benedict expressed "all the esteem and the profound respect that [he has] for Muslim believers". Among the ambassadors invited were those from Iraq, Iran, Turkey, Morocco, as well as many other nations and Islamic groups.
English translation revision.
Pope Benedict later released an updated translation of his original text that re-affirmed that the quotation from a 14th-century Byzantine emperor was not his personal opinion. The original translation said the emperor's remark was "with a startling brusqueness". The translation was corrected to better reflect the original German text, "in erstaunlich schroffer, uns überraschend schroffer Form ganz einfach." The corrected English translation referred to "a brusqueness that we find unacceptable." Pope Benedict added in a footnote:
He said he cited the text as part of an examination of the "relationship between faith and reason".
Open letters from top Muslim clerics.
On 12 October 2006, 100 Muslim scholars and clerics, including the Grand Muftis of Egypt, Russia, Bosnia, Kosovo, Turkey, Uzbekistan and Oman, as well as clerics and academics from the Middle East, Asia, North Africa, Europe and North America, published an open letter to the Pope. All the eight schools of thought and jurisprudence in Islam were represented by the signatories, but without representation of the influential Al-Azhar University in Cairo. The 38 signatories to the letter declared that they accepted the Pope's "personal expression of sorrow and assurance that the controversial quote did not reflect his personal opinion" and responded to some of the substantive issues raised in the Pope's treatment of a debate between the medieval Emperor Manuel II Palaiologos and an "educated Persian", including reason and faith; forced conversion; "jihad" vs. "holy war"; and the relationship between Christianity and Islam.
On 11 October 2007, one year after the release of the open letter to the Pope, a larger group of 138 Muslim scholars, clerics and intellectuals sent another open letter, titled "A Common Word Between Us and You", to Pope Benedict and the leaders of other Christian denominations. This letter emphasized that Christians and Muslims worship the same God, and share many values, including living in peace with one's neighbours.
Protests, attacks and threats.
Security was stepped up around and inside the Vatican City, because of concerns about the possibility of acts of violence. Thousands of people took part in various protests.
At least five churches were attacked by Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza. In the West Bank city of Nablus, firebombings left black scorch marks on the walls and windows of the city's Anglican and Greek Orthodox churches. At least five firebombs hit the Anglican church and its door was later set ablaze. A group called the Lions of Monotheism claimed responsibility and said the attacks were carried out to protest the Pope's speech. Later that day, four masked gunmen doused the main doors of Nablus' Roman and Greek Catholic churches with lighter fluid, then set them ablaze before opening fire on both buildings. In Gaza City, terrorists opened fire from a car at a Greek Orthodox church, striking the facade. Explosive devices were set off at the same Gaza church on Friday, causing minor damage. There were no claims of responsibility for any of the three aforementioned attacks.
Several organizations, such as Al-Qaeda and the Mujahideen Shura Council threatened in a joint statement: "you and the West are doomed as you can see from the defeat in Iraq, Afghanistan, Chechnya, and elsewhere. ... We will break up the cross, spill the liquor and impose the "jizya" tax, then the only thing acceptable is a conversion (to Islam) or (being killed by) the sword. ... God enable us to slit their throats, and make their money and descendants the bounty of the Mujahideen."
Employees of Ankara's "Diyanet İşleri Başkanlığı" (Presidency of Religious Affairs), the state body that organizes Muslim worship in Turkey, asked the authorities on 19 September to open legal proceedings against Pope Benedict XVI and to arrest him when he visits the country in November 2006. They said the Pontiff had violated Turkish laws upholding freedom of belief and thought by "insulting" Islam and the Prophet Muhammad.
The Lashkar-e-Taiba in Pakistan has issued a fatwā asking the Muslim community to kill Pope Benedict for his "blasphemous statement" about Muhammad.
Murder of Sister Leonella Sgorbati.
On 17 September 2006, two Somali gunmen shot and killed a 65-year-old Italian nun, Sister Leonella Sgorbati, working at the Austrian-run children's hospital in the city of Mogadishu along with her Somali bodyguard. A senior Somali Islamist, speaking on condition of anonymity, said: "There is a very high possibility the people who killed her were angered by the Catholic Pope's recent comments against Islam"; however, no specific evidence was provided for the motive. Sheikh Mukhtar Robow, member of the Islamic Courts Union, said there was a "concrete possibility" that the murder of the nun was "a reprisal for the Pope's remarks on Islam".
Attacks on Christians in Iraq.
In Iraq, the flags of Germany, Israel, and the United States, and Christian crosses and effigies of Pope Benedict were burned in Basra.
Iraq has one of the largest Christian minorities in the Middle East, where Assyrians number about one million. After the Pope's comments, several churches were bombed; however, many were being bombed before the Pope's comments starting with the US invasion in 2003 in the power vacuum created by the fall of Saddam Hussein. A previously unknown Baghdad-based group, Kataab Ashbal Al Islam Al Salafi (Islamic Salafist Boy Scout Battalions) threatened to kill all Christians in Iraq if the Pope did not apologize to Muhammad within three days. Christian leaders in Iraq asked their parishioners not to leave their homes, after two Christians were stabbed and killed in Baghdad.
There were reports of writing on church doors stating, "If the Pope does not apologise, we will bomb all churches, kill more Christians and steal their property and money."
The Iraqi militia Jaish al-Mujahedin (Holy Warriors' Army) announced its intention to "destroy their cross in the heart of Rome… and to hit the Vatican."
Despite the Pope's comments dying down in the media, attacks on Assyrian Christians continued, and on 9 October, an Islamic extremist group kidnapped priest Ameer Iskander in Mosul. His body was found three days later, decapitated. His relatives said that his Muslim captors had demanded that his church condemn the Pope's comments about Islam (which it already had) and pay a $350,000 ransom.
Statements about Qur'an chapter 2.
Another point of controversy, widely covered in Arabic media, but much less so in Western media, was the Pope's assessment that Sura 2 in the Qur'an, which includes the verse "There is no compulsion in religion", was "one of the suras of the early period, when Muhammad was still powerless and under threat", and that instructions "concerning holy war" had come later.
Many scholars of Islam took this as a classification of the sura as stemming from the earlier Meccan period and argued that the Pope was mistaken by pointing out that Surah 2 was revealed in various stages and that this verse was revealed after Muhammad's hijra from Mecca, during his period of stay in Medina, and hence is from the Medinan period, which was the final stage of the revelation of the Qur'an when the Muslims were becoming numerous and increasingly powerful and safe from the immediate dangers that had overshadowed them for 13 years in Mecca. The scholars also pointed out that the Pope had failed to mention that even if this verse was revealed when the Muslims were weak, they could have easily abrogated it with another verse which gave them permission to forcefully convert people once they finally conquered Mecca; this, however, did not happen. Critics also pointed out the hypocrisy in his statement, since Christianity itself has a long history of forced conversions.
Assessment of the lecture's purpose.
In contrast to the "Jyllands-Posten" Muhammad cartoons controversy, the media focus was not on the issues of free speech or injured religious sensitivities. Underlying the widely talked about question of whether or not the Pope should apologize, and whether or not his subsequent statements even constituted an apology, several competing and separate interpretations of his intentions were proffered. These are, broadly and in no particular order:

</doc>
<doc id="7004401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004401" title="Pierre Rosenstiehl">
Pierre Rosenstiehl

Pierre Rosenstiehl (5 December 1933 – 28 October 2020) was a French mathematician recognized for his work in graph theory, planar graphs, and graph drawing.
The Fraysseix-Rosenstiehl's planarity criterion is at the origin of the left-right planarity algorithm implemented in Pigale software, which is considered the fastest implemented planarity testing algorithm.
Rosenstiehl was directeur d’études at the École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales in Paris, before his retirement. He was a founding co-editor in chief of the European Journal of Combinatorics. Rosenstiehl, Giuseppe Di Battista, Peter Eades and Roberto Tamassia organized in 1992 at Marino (Italy) a meeting devoted to graph drawing which initiated a long series of international conferences, the International Symposia on Graph Drawing.
He has been a member of the French literary group Oulipo since 1992. He married the French author and illustrator Agnès Rosenstiehl.

</doc>
<doc id="7004402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004402" title="Supreme (cooking)">
Supreme (cooking)

The term supreme (also spelled suprême) used in cooking and culinary arts refers to the best part of the food. For poultry, game and fish dishes, supreme denotes a fillet.
Chicken.
In professional cookery, the term "chicken supreme" () is used to describe a boneless, skin-on breast of chicken. If the humerus bone of the wing remains attached, the cut is called "chicken cutlet" (). The same cut is used for duck () and other birds.
Chicken supremes can be prepared in many ways. For example, supremes "à la Maréchale" are treated "à l'anglaise" ("English-style"), i.e. coated with eggs and breadcrumbs, and sautéed. A supreme can be minced, resulting in such dishes as "suprême de volaille Pojarski". There are also various versions with stuffing. A popular variety is "suprême de volaille à la Kiev", commonly known as chicken Kiev, for which chicken supremes are stuffed with butter.
Fruit.
To supreme a citrus fruit is to remove the skin, pith, membranes, and seeds, and to separate its segments. Used as a noun, a supreme can be a wedge of citrus fruit prepared in this way.
Sauce.
Suprême sauce (sauce suprême) is a rich white sauce made of chicken stock and cream. This sauce is often served with chicken dishes.
The term "supreme" is also used for a dish dressed with a suprême sauce (e.g. a suprême of barracuda).
Other cooking uses.
Supreme can also be used as a term in cookery in the following ways:

</doc>
<doc id="7004405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004405" title="Big Lizard in My Backyard">
Big Lizard in My Backyard

Big Lizard in My Backyard is the debut album by the Dead Milkmen, released by Restless Records in 1985.
Although the album yielded no singles, it achieved enough notoriety to create a fan base for the band. Five of the album's tracks appear on the 1997 compilation "Death Rides a Pale Cow: The Ultimate Collection"; four tracks appear on the 1998 compilation "Cream of the Crop".
Production.
"Big Lizard in My Backyard" was produced by John Wicks and the band. The introduction to "Bitchin' Camaro" was improvised.
Cover artwork.
The album's cover artwork was designed by the band's drummer, Dean Clean.
Critical reception.
"Big Lizard in My Backyard" received strong reviews, with critics singling out "Bitchin' Camaro", calling it "hilarious" and "career-making." "Maximum Rocknroll" wrote that "these 20 satire-laced songs are real crack-ups, and backed up by tight playing that incorporates funk, country, and lots of other styles into their punk approach." "Spin" called the album "frenetic goof pop," writing that it's "full of the kind of scruff-and-tumble guitar and funtime lyrics that made 1977 punk such a refreshing blast."
Track listing.
"Gorilla Girl" was not included on the original U.S. Enigma/Fever LP release. "Tugena" was present on the original release (as the last track) but was unidentified and not labeled until later pressings.

</doc>
<doc id="7004407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004407" title="DJ 光光光">
DJ 光光光



</doc>
<doc id="7004409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004409" title="Ceasarea">
Ceasarea



</doc>
<doc id="7004410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004410" title="Tijāniyyah">
Tijāniyyah



</doc>
<doc id="7004411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004411" title="Cheapside (disambiguation)">
Cheapside (disambiguation)

Cheapside is a street in London, England.
Cheapside may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7004413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004413" title="Lieutenant General Mahmood Ahmad">
Lieutenant General Mahmood Ahmad



</doc>
<doc id="7004415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004415" title="Giustizia e Libertà">
Giustizia e Libertà

Giustizia e Libertà (; ) was an Italian anti-fascist resistance movement, active from 1929 to 1945. The movement was cofounded by Carlo Rosselli, Ferruccio Parri, who later became Prime Minister of Italy, Emilio Lussu, Sandro Pertini, who became President of Italy, and other Italian anti-fascist refugees.
The movement's members held various political beliefs but shared a belief in active, effective opposition to fascism, compared to the older Italian anti-fascist parties. "Giustizia e Libertà" also made the international community aware of the realities of fascism in Italy, thanks to the work of Gaetano Salvemini.
Italian anti-fascist organization (1929–1940).
Foundation.
The anti-fascist organisation "Giustizia e Libertà" was established in 1929 by the Italian refugees Riccardo Bauer, Carlo Rosselli, Emilio Lussu, Alberto Tarchiani, and Ernesto Rossi. They had been imprisoned on Lipari and escaped together on 27 July 1929. Once they reached Paris in August, they began to organise resistance against Italian Fascism, forming clandestine groups in Italy and setting up an intense propaganda campaign, publishing under Lussu's maxim: "Insorgere! Risorgere!" (Rebel! Revive!).
Carlo Levi was named a director of the Italian branch along with Leone Ginzburg, a Russian Jew from Odessa who had emigrated with his parents to Turin. The group's logo, a flame placed between a G and L was designed by , another exile that had escaped from Lipari. The group's members included the exiles Raffaele Rossetti, Alberto Cianca, Vincenzo Nitti, and Francesco Fausto.
Early objectives.
"Giustizia e Libertà" was committed to militant action to fight the Fascist regime—it tried to be not a political party, but a revolutionary movement. The movement saw Benito Mussolini as a ruthless murderer who himself deserved to be killed as punishment. Various early schemes were designed by the movement in the 1930s to assassinate Mussolini, including one dramatic plan of using an aircraft to drop a bomb on Piazza Venezia where Mussolini resided.
After a series of arrests and trials, (including the conviction of Carlo Levi) the movement was forced in 1930 to curb this activity. In 1931, the organisation joined the "Concentrazione Antifascista Italiana" (Anti-Fascist Concentration), and in 1932 began promoting a plan that aimed not for the restoration of the pre-fascist political order but for a new social democracy centered around a Republican state. It called for economic rights and administrative decentralisation. The group produced its own journal, on which Salvatorelli, De Ruggiero and others collaborated. This journal reflected the politics of the group's leaders, who sought to distance themselves from communism and the Italian Communist Party.
Spanish Civil War.
At the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War in 1936, the organisation formed its own volunteer brigades to support the Spanish Republic. Carlo Rosselli and Camillo Berneri headed a mixed volunteer unit of anarchist, liberal, socialist, and communist Italians on the Aragon front, whose military successes included a victory against Francoist forces in the Battle of Monte Pelado. They popularised the slogan: "Oggi in Spagna, domani in Italia" (Today in Spain, tomorrow in Italy). In 1937, Camillo Berneri was killed by communist forces during a purge of anarchists in Barcelona. With the fall of the Spanish Republic in 1939, "Giustizia e Libertà" partisans were forced to flee back to France.
Several members of Giustizia e Libertà, including Aldo Garosci, Alberto Cianca, and Alberto Tarchiani, then emigrated to the United States, where they helped form the antifascist Mazzini Society to promote a liberal democratic republic for Italy. They sailed to England in 1943 and set in operation the clandestine Giustizia e Libertà radio to denounce both Fascism and the monarchy for its complicity in Fascism.
The military arm of Partito d'Azione (1942–1945).
"Giustizia e Libertà" was forced to cease public operations when German troops occupied France in 1940. Its members were dispersed, but largely reconstituted themselves as the Action Party ("Partito d'Azione") in German-occupied Italy following the Armistice of 1943. The military arms of the organisation, the partisan brigades, were still referred to as "Giustizia e Libertà".
After 8 September 1943, partisan units under the "Giustizia e Libertà" banner formed after the Italian capitulation to Allied forces and the creation of the Italian Social Republic puppet state of Nazi Germany. As the largest non-Communist partisan groups, they benefited from provisions and training that were denied to other units by the western Allies. Among the group's best known commanders was Ferruccio Parri, who, using the nom-de-guerre "Maurizio," represented the Action Party in the Military Committee of the National Liberation Committee of Northern Italy (CLNAI). Centres of activity included Turin, Florence, and Milan, where a resistance cell was headed by Ugo La Malfa, Ferruccio Parri, and Adolfo Tino. Parri was arrested in Milan and turned over to the Germans, but he was later exchanged for German officials imprisoned by the partisans. He returned in time to take part in the conclusive phase of the resistance and in the Milan uprising.
The writer Primo Levi was a member of the Action Party partisan group in Aosta Valley. He was captured by fascist forces in 1943, handed over to the Germans in 1944, and deported to Auschwitz III (Monowitz).
"Giustizia e Libertà" brigades were regarded as professional military units, which drew fighters from every social class. In the twenty months of the war, their units sustained 4,500 overall casualties, among them the greater portion of their leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="7004416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004416" title="Kevin Gilbert (author)">
Kevin Gilbert (author)

Kevin John Gilbert (10 July 1933 – 1 April 1993) was an Aboriginal Australian author, activist, artist, poet, playwright and printmaker. A Wiradjuri man, Gilbert was born on the banks of the Lachlan River in New South Wales. Gilbert was the first Aboriginal playwright and printmaker. He was an active human rights defender and was involved in the establishment of the Aboriginal Tent Embassy in 1972 as well as various protests to advocate for Aboriginal Australian sovereignty.
Gilbert won the 1978 National Book Council prize for writers, for "Living Black: Blacks Talk to Kevin Gilbert" (1977).
Early life.
Gilbert was the youngest of eight children, born on 10 July 1933 to a Wiradjuri mother Rachel Naden and an English father John Gilbert. He was born on the bank of the Kalara/ Lachlan River just outside Condobolin in New South Wales and at age seven he and his siblings were orphaned. He was raised by his eldest sisters and extended family on an Aboriginal reserve. He left school at the age of thirteen and picked up various seasonal and short-term itinerant jobs.
His book "Me and Mary Kangaroo" reflect a childhood of intimate connection to his mother's Wiradjuri country. and "Child’s Dreaming"
His extended family would annually travel on the fruit-picking circuit within Wiradjuri territory as "…a temporary release from near starvation … and above all, it meant some independence, some freedom, from under the crucifying heels of the local police and the white station managers; an escape from refugee camps called 'Aboriginal reserves'".
On 12 June 1954, he married Goma Scott. In 1957, Gilbert murdered Goma, apparently because of her infidelity. He received a life sentence. In prison, he educated himself and developed his artistic talents. He was released on parole after 14 years.
In his own words:
Art.
In prison, Gilbert produced the first lino prints ever made by an Aboriginal artist, and were his first efforts at creative expression. He fashioned his own tools "from a spoon, fork, gem blades and nails", and carved "old brittle lino off the prison floor", creating images by rubbing the paper over the lino cuts with the back of a spoon.
After his release (around 1971), Gilbert established the Kalari Aboriginal Art Gallery near Taree, NSW. 
His works have been extensively exhibited nationally and internationally in Havana, Amsterdam, Rotterdam, Boston, Massachusetts, Portland, Oregon, Durban, London, and Athens. His unique artistic style is part of the Australian National Gallery collection and is housed in other major Australian art institutions.
Writing career.
"The Cherry Pickers".
While in prison Gilbert also took up writing. In 1968 he started to pen the play "The Cherry Pickers", which was smuggled out of gaol on toilet paper. It was first workshopped and presented in a reading at the small Mews Theatre in Sydney 'in the open air' with Bob Maza and other Aboriginal actors reading the parts. The play is significant that it was the first play written in English by an Aboriginal and also the first play to be performed entirely by an Aboriginal cast. The critic and publisher Katharine Brisbane, described her response after viewing an early performed reading of "The Cherry Pickers as 'I was overawed with a sense of privilege at being allowed into the domestic life of a people whose privacy had, for so long and for such good reason, been guarded from white eyes'. A more complete moved reading was held in 1970 and 1971 in Sydney and the play was subsequently nominated in 1970 for the Captain Cook Memorial Award.
The play was performed in its full form by Melbourne's Nindethana Theatre Group in 1971 and in , Sydney in 1972 but the play was not published until 1988 when, in the wake of protests against the Bicentennial celebrations of European colonisation of Australia, it became a symbol of Aboriginal protest. Gilbert's play is based on the stories and experiences of itinerant workers and it deals with, as Gilbert puts it in an introduction to the play written in 1969: "... spiritual searching and loss, my people pushed into refugee situations, desocialised if you like". The play's narrative mixes traditional creation myths, rituals, political diatribes, clever dialogue and humour. It is through this humour that Gilbert explores alcoholism, violence and spiritual and cultural issues. Gilbert also exhibited his artwork at the Arts Council Gallery in Sydney in 1970, in an exhibition organised by the Australia Council.
Particularly in his early verse, Gilbert uses the poetry as an apologia in respect to his own life whilst challenging the morality of the wider society.
Other writing.
He authored "Because a White Man'll Never Do It" in 1973.
In 1972, another play by Gilbert, "The Gods Look Down", was produced at the Wayside Theatre, a small alternative theatre in Sydney. The production, directed by Barry Donnelly, is described as a dance drama. Gilbert's notes for the program, describe it as "an emotional fantasy using subconsciously emotive scenes based on modern spiritual drift and identity loss, which is actually the present search for a spiritual force or a god". The play is poetic and semi-abstract and moves from dialogue accompanied by movement to movement-based explorations of love and sexuality.
Along with his political work which was about the Aboriginal people in the 1970s, Gilbert wrote a number of plays and sketches, including "Ghosts in Cell Ten", "The Blush of Birds", "Eternally Eve", "Evening of Fear", and "Everyman Should Care". Many of these seem to have never been staged but stylistically seem to pre-empt much of the work of First Nations writers and practitioners of the 1990s, such as Wesley Enoch and Deborah Mailman.
In 1978, the National Book Council presented him its annual book award for his book "Living Black: Blacks Talk to Kevin Gilbert". The book included interviews with various Black commentators of the day including musician and dancer Robert Jabanungga.
In 1988 he was awarded the Human Rights and Equal Opportunity Commission's Human Rights Award for Literature for editing the Aboriginal poetry anthology "Inside Black Australia". He returned the medal to the Governor-general, Sir Ninian Stephens, citing the ongoing injustice and suffering of his people. Gilbert continued writing and exhibiting his artwork.
Activism.
Around 1971, Gilbert established the National Aboriginal Theatre Foundation, which did not last long. A journal called "Alchuringa", listed as the "official journal of the National Aboriginal Theatre Foundation and the Aboriginal Tourist and Economic Development Association" and published in Sydney by Breda Publications, ran from December 1971 to February 1972 (not to be confused with a journal of the same name published in 1977 by the Aboriginal Land Rights Club at La Trobe University, Melbourne). It was noted as "Incorporating Churinga A.P.A.", referring to "Churinga", which was published for the Aborigines Progressive Association from 1964 to 1970, edited by Herbert Groves, also by Breda. "Alchuringa" adopted a radical tone and urged Aboriginal people to engage in protest. Along with other Indigenous publications "The Koorier", "Black News Service", "Black Nation", "North Queensland Palm Islander", and "Koori Bina", the journal was later described as "staunchly political and oppositional to mainstream media messages and government policy".
From 1972 onwards Gilbert was active in numerous Aboriginal human rights causes and most notably in supporting the establishing the Aboriginal Tent Embassy at the Old Parliament House in Canberra.
Gilbert wrote a foreword in the third issue of the magazine "Identity" in 1972, and in 1975 an article on Indigenous land rights which was held by the publisher of the magazine, the Aboriginal Publications Foundation.
In October 1973 Gilbert was charged with having maliciously sent a letter threatening to kill another person, having written a letter to another man in which he allegedly threatened to kill the Queen. He was at that time editor and sole journalist on the Foundation for Aboriginal Affairs' newspaper, "Black Australian News". 
In 1979 he led the "National Aboriginal Government" protest on Capital Hill, Canberra, calling for acceptance of Australian Aboriginal Sovereignty.
He became chair of the "Treaty '88" campaign for a sovereign treaty between Aboriginal nations and peoples and non-Aboriginal Australians, as a proper foundation for all people living in Australia now. He defined the legal argument for a treaty or treaties and Aboriginal sovereignty in his 1987 work "Aboriginal Sovereignty, Justice, the Law and Land".
For the last year of his life, in 1992, he was active in the re-establishment of the Aboriginal Tent Embassy after its 20th anniversary on a permanent basis, and it remains the spearhead of the Sovereignty Movement to this day. He is known for embracing the term "Black".
In the lead-up to Australia's bicentenary celebrations, Gilbert chaired the "Treaty '88" campaign for a treaty enshrining Aboriginal rights and sovereignty.
Recognition and awards.
Gilbert features in an episode in the 2013 documentary television series "Desperate Measures", in which his daughter, poet Kerry Reed-Gilbert, presents aspects of his life. It is available on SBS on Demand.
Death and legacy.
Gilbert died of emphysema on 1 April 1993 aged 59. He was survived by six children, grandchildren and many great-grandchildren. One of his daughters is poet and activist Kerry Reed-Gilbert (1956–2019).
On 8 April 1993 a memorial service was held by Aboriginal people to honour Gilbert.
Published works.
 
Collections.
Gilbert's work is represented in many public and private collections, including:
Exhibitions.
Exhibitions which have featured Gilbert's work include:
2016: "Today, Tomorrow, Yesterday", Museum of Contemporary Art, (MCA) Sydney
2013: "I Do have a belief: Kevin Gilbert (1933 - 1993)", Belconnen Art Centre, ACT
2004: Athens Olympics, Greece
2001: "Intermission", Wharf 2 Gallery, Sydney Theatre Company, Sydney
Kevin Gilbert Retrospective, Boomalli Aboriginal Artists Co-op, Sydney
1996–2000: "Breath of Life: Moments in transit towards Aboriginal Sovereignty"; Visions of Australia National Tour;
CHOGM, Durban, South Africa (2000);
Rebecca Hossack Gallery, Soho, London (2000);
Umbrella Gallery, Townsville (1999);
Indigenous Pathways, Toowoomba (1998);
Tandanya – National Aboriginal Cultural Institute, Adelaide (1997);
The Armidale Aboriginal Cultural Centre and Keeping Place, Armidale (1997);
Moree Plains Gallery, Moree (1997);
Australian Centre for Photography, Paddington, Sydney (1997);
Perth Institute of Contemporary Art, Perth (1997)'
Canberra Contemporary Art Space (1996)
1995: Yiribana, Art Gallery of New South Wales, Sydney
1994: "Tyerabarrbowaryaou II – I shall never become a white man", Museum of Contemporary Art Australia, Sydney and 5th Havana Biennial, Havana, Cuba
"Urban Focus", National Gallery of Australia
"Who’s afraid of Red, Black and Yella" – Museum of Ethnology, Rotterdam
"Legends from Down Under", Boomerang Galerie, Amsterdam
"New Tracks – Old Land", Portland Art Museum, Portland, Oregon
1993
"Memorial Tribute to Kevin Gilbert", Gallery One, National Gallery of Australia
"New Tracks – Old Land" 
Australian Galleries, Green Street, Soho, New York;
Northern Territory Museum of Arts and Sciences, Darwin;
Queensland Aboriginal Creations, Brisbane;
Redcliff Entertainment Centre, Redcliff, Queensland
1992:
"New Tracks-Old Land", Massachusetts College of Art, Huntington Gallery, Boston Massachusetts
"Painting Our Dreaming", Alliance Francaise Gallery, Canberra
"’92 Pressin", Spiral Arm Gallery, Canberra
1991:
"Tjukurrpa Nganampa Kantyila Kanyintjaku – Keeping Our Dreaming Strong", Hackett, ACT &amp; Alliance Francaise Gallery, Canberra.
"Social Images", Gorman House, Canberra.
1990: "Desert Art", Albert Hall, Canberra
1989:
"Narragunnawalli", Canberra Contemporary Art Space
"Inside Black Australia, Aboriginal Photographers Exhibition", 
Showground, Wagga Wagga, NSW;
Trades and Labour Club, Newcastle, NSW;
Queensland Museum, Brisbane;
Museum of Victoria, Melbourne.
1988:
"Inside Black Australia, Aboriginal Photographers Exhibition"
Albert Hall, Canberra;
Leftbank Bookshop, Canberra;
Tin Sheds Gallery, Sydney;
Centreprize, London;.
Boomalli Aboriginal Artists Co-Op, Sydney.
1975-6: Koorainghat Gardens Art Gallery, Taree, NSW
1970-1: Arts Council Gallery, East Sydney
1968, 1969 and 1970: Robin Hood Gallery, Sydney

</doc>
<doc id="7004418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004418" title="Roma Tre">
Roma Tre



</doc>
<doc id="7004420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004420" title="Boadicca">
Boadicca



</doc>
<doc id="7004425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004425" title="Jerusalem Embassy Act">
Jerusalem Embassy Act

The Jerusalem Embassy Act of 1995 is a public law of the United States passed by the 104th Congress on October 23, 1995. The proposed law was adopted by the Senate (93–5), and the House (374–37). The Act became law without a presidential signature on November 8, 1995.
The Act recognized Jerusalem as the capital of the State of Israel and called for Jerusalem to remain an undivided city. Its purpose was to set aside funds for the relocation of the Embassy of the United States in Israel from its location in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, by May 31, 1999. For this purpose, it withheld 50% of the funds appropriated to the State Department specifically for "Acquisition and Maintenance of Buildings Abroad" as allocated in fiscal year 1999 until the United States Embassy in Jerusalem had officially opened.
Despite passage, the law allowed the President to invoke a six-month waiver of the application of the law, and reissue the waiver every six months on "national security" grounds. The waiver was repeatedly renewed by Presidents Clinton, Bush, and Obama. President Donald Trump signed a waiver in June 2017. On June 5, 2017, the U.S. Senate unanimously passed a resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of reunification of Jerusalem by 90–0. The resolution reaffirmed the Jerusalem Embassy Act and called upon the President and all United States officials to abide by its provisions. On December 6, 2017, Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital, and ordered the planning of the relocation of the embassy. However, following the announcement, Trump signed an embassy waiver again, delaying the move, as mandated by the Act, by at least six months. Legally, however, the U.S. embassy can be moved at any time without reliance on the Act.
On February 23, 2018, President Trump announced that the US Embassy in Israel would reopen at the Arnona consular services site of the then US Consulate-General in Jerusalem. The United States Embassy officially relocated to Jerusalem on May 14, 2018, to coincide with the 70th anniversary of the Israeli Declaration of Independence.
Background.
Jerusalem holds unique spiritual and religious interests, such as Holy Places and religious buildings or sites, among the world's Abrahamic religions of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Following World War I, the victorious Principal Allied Powers recognized these as "a sacred trust of civilization", and stipulated that the existing rights and claims connected with them should be safeguarded in perpetuity, under international guarantee. The terms of the British Balfour Declaration were included in the Mandate for Palestine by the League of Nations. The US government was not a party to these agreements; but stated official foreign policy in 1919 was to 'acquiesce' in the Balfour Declaration, but not officially support Zionism. On September 21, 1922, the US Congress passed a joint resolution stating its support for a homeland in Palestine for the Jewish people but not at the expense of other cultures present at the time. This occurred virtually the same day the Palestine Mandate was approved by the League of Nations; although official government findings about the affected peoples' choices concerning self-determination were available in government circles, they were withheld from the public until the following December. US foreign policy remained unchanged. These competing nationalist claims led to increasing civil violence during the inter-war period; following World War II, the "Question of Palestine" was placed before the United Nations, as the League's successor agency.
On November 29, 1947, the UN General Assembly adopted Resolution 181, the United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine; it contained a recommendation that Jerusalem be placed under a special international regime, a corpus separatum, administered by the United Nations and be separate from both the Jewish and Arab states envisioned. Following the conflict that ensued, cease-fires and the 1949 Armistice Agreements were negotiated and accepted by both sides. One of these resulted, in part, in a temporary division of Jerusalem. The relevant Armistice Agreement with Jordan was signed on April 3, 1949, but it was considered internationally as having no legal effect on the continued validity of the provisions of the partition resolution for the internationalization of Jerusalem. On April 25, 1949, King Abdullah officially changed the name of Transjordan to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. He had secured the support of Great Britain (albeit qualified—Great Britain did not recognize the incorporation of East Jerusalem, maintaining that it ought to be part of a corpus separatum, an international enclave).
On December 5, 1949, the Israeli Cabinet, meeting in Tel Aviv, declared Jerusalem the capital of Israel, and on January 23, 1950, the First Knesset proclaimed that "Jerusalem was, and had always been, the capital of Israel." Moreover, on April 24, 1950, the Jordan House of Deputies and House of Notables, in a joint session, adopted a resolution annexing the West Bank and Jerusalem. Because the status of Jerusalem had been included previously in the UN Partition Plan, most countries did not accept this Israeli position, and most embassies have been located elsewhere.
The United States has stated that its policy on Jerusalem refers specifically to the geographic boundaries of the area that were set out for the "City of Jerusalem", or Corpus Separatum, in Resolution 181, but since 1950, US diplomats have traveled regularly to Jerusalem from the US Embassy in Tel Aviv to conduct business with Israeli officials. The United States has also stated that Jerusalem was part of Mandate Palestine, and in a de jure sense, has not since become part of any other sovereignty. After the capture of the entire city and the adjacent West Bank in the 1967 Six-Day War, the United States again reaffirmed the desirability of establishing an international regime for the city of Jerusalem.
Advocacy for the Jerusalem Embassy Act reached a zenith during particularly critical times in negotiations for the Oslo Accords of the peace process, despite opposition from both the Israeli and American administrations. The embassy move was, and continued to be, delayed by successive United States government in order to appear neutral on the issue of Jerusalem. However, on December 6, 2017, President Donald Trump announced that the US recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and instructed the State Department to begin preparations to move the embassy.
There are allegations by a group of Palestinians that the site is owned by Palestinian Refugees whose property was confiscated by Israel in 1948.
Details.
The Act asserted that every country has a right to designate the capital of its choice, and that Israel has designated Jerusalem. The act notes that "the city of Jerusalem is the seat of Israel's President, Parliament, and Supreme Court, and the site of numerous government ministries and social and cultural institutions." Jerusalem is defined as the spiritual center of Judaism. Furthermore, it stipulates that since the reunification of Jerusalem in 1967, religious freedom has been guaranteed to all.
S.3(a)(2) and (3) also stated that "Jerusalem should be recognized as the capital of the State of Israel; and the United States Embassy in Israel should be established in Jerusalem no later than May 31, 1999".
Although the Senate and House votes preceded visits by then Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin and Jerusalem Mayor Ehud Olmert to Washington to celebrate the 3000th anniversary of King David's declaration of Jerusalem as the capital of the Jews, little to no progress was achieved in the physical relocation of the U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem until December 2017.
Timetable.
Section 3 of the Act outlined the U.S. policy and set the initial parameters for the secretary of state to report in order to receive the full funding — again, with a May 1999 target deadline for the appropriations. The section also briefly stated U.S. policy concerning the matter.
The major roadblock has been the question of what effect, if any, the relocation may symbolize for other interested parties or neighboring nations involved in the ongoing and sometimes quite contentious Mid-East diplomacy and foreign relations. For this reason, since the legislation's introduction, the consensus has been that this action poses considerable risk to United States national security at home and abroad.
Constitutional separation of powers.
Under the Constitution of the United States the president has exclusive authority to recognize foreign sovereignty over territory. The Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the Embassy Relocation Act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional."
Former U.S. presidents Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama have alluded to or explicitly stated the belief that Congressional resolutions attempting to legislate foreign policy infringe upon the executive's authority and responsibility to carry out sound and effective U.S. foreign relations.
Regarding the status of Jerusalem specifically, President Bush had deemed Congress' role as merely "advisory", stating that it "impermissibly interferes with the President's constitutional authority". The U.S. Constitution reserves the conduct of foreign policy to the president; resolutions of Congress, such as the ones found in the Authorization Act of 2003 that included the Jerusalem Embassy Act's provisions, makes the arguments in favor of legislating foreign policy from Congress extremely problematic if not arguably invalid for that Constitutional reason.
Even from the Embassy Act's legislative beginnings, the question of Congress' over-reach, and whether it somehow usurped the Executive's authority or power over matters of foreign affairs, had played a subtle role in shaping the debate at the time. President Clinton took the unusual step of not signing the Embassy Act into law once Congress presented it to him, but instead, to show his disapproval, let 10 days of inaction pass, allowing the bill to return to Congress and automatically become law by Constitutional "default". Clinton's non-action reinforced this sticking point between the branches of the Federal government, without the potential public fallout from taking a "negative stand" on what appeared to be favorable, veto-proof legislation on the surface at the time.
Presidential waiver.
This constitutional question was apparent while the legislation was working its way through both chambers; Sen. Dole's amendment adopted into the introduced language included a provision that, in part, returned to the Executive Branch the power over foreign affairs that it already had.
Every six months from 1998 to 2018, every president invoked the waiver provision under section 7 of the Act, based on national security grounds, to defer the relocation of the embassy from Tel Aviv. The last waiver was signed by President Trump on December 7, 2018. 
Since this provision went into effect in late 1998, all the presidents serving in office during this period have determined moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. However, a re-assessment has to take place every six months. In response, members of Congress have begun to include language to do away with the president's exclusivity in making the determinations or flat-out remove the waiver provision completely from the Embassy Act altogether.
Developments.
Noteworthy developments since the passage of the Act and well past the initial May 31, 1999 deadline's expiration:
In March 2011 a new bill, the Jerusalem Embassy and Recognition Act of 2011 (H.R. 1006), was introduced. Cosponsored by fourteen Members of Congress, including House Europe Subcommittee Chairman Dan Burton (R), House Foreign Affairs Committee Chairwoman Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R) and House Middle East Subcommittee Chairman Steve Chabot (R), the bill would discontinue the Presidential waiver authority included in the 1995 Act, relocate the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, and affirm the city as the undivided capital of Israel. This bill died at the end of 2011, having failed to clear the House Foreign Affairs Committee.
Under President Trump.
President Donald Trump signed the embassy waiver on June 1, 2017. The White House meanwhile stated that it did not represent a weakening of his support for Israel. It added that he stood by his promise of moving the embassy. On June 5, 2017, the U.S. Senate unanimously passed a resolution commemorating the 50th anniversary of reunification of Jerusalem by 90–0. The resolution reaffirmed the Jerusalem Embassy Act and called upon the president and all United States officials to abide by its provisions.
On December 6, 2017, President Trump officially recognized Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and ordered the State Department to begin planning for the relocation of the U.S. Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. However, following the announcement, Trump signed an embassy waiver again, delaying the funding cuts as mandated by the Act, by at least six months. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson stated that the relocation process will begin immediately, but that the relocation itself however could take years to complete. Legally, however, the U.S. embassy can be moved at any time outside of the scope of the Act.
On February 23, 2018, Trump announced that the US Embassy in Israel would reopen at the Arnona consular services site of the US Consulate-General in Jerusalem on May 14, 2018, to coincide with the 70th anniversary of the Israeli Declaration of Independence. This announcement was welcomed by the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and other Israeli government officials. However, the announcement was condemned by Palestinian officials, including Hanan Ashrawi and chief negotiator Saeb Erekat, as the embassy's reopening will also coincide with the 70th anniversary of the "Nakba".
However, despite the move of the embassy to Jerusalem, President Trump signed on June 4, 2018, an executive order postponing the move of the embassy to Jerusalem, although it had already physically moved to that city. He was required to sign the order since the Jerusalem Embassy Act requires the US ambassador to have a permanent residence in Jerusalem, a condition already fulfilled as of May 8, 2019.
On October 18, 2018, United States Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced that the US Embassy and consulate-general in Jerusalem would be merged into a single diplomatic mission. In early March 2019, the consulate-general was formally merged into the US Embassy in Jerusalem; ending the US practice of accrediting separate diplomatic missions to the Israelis and Palestinians. A Palestinian Affairs Unit was also established on the former Agron Street site of the consulate-general to conduct relations with the Palestinians.
Public opinion.
A poll, taken in November 2017, by the Brookings Institution found that, of a national sample of 2,000 adults, 63% of Americans polled opposed the move of the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, while 31% supported it. Among Democrats, 81% opposed the move and 15% were in support, while among Republicans, 44% opposed the move and 49% supported it.
In the 2017 AJC Survey of American Jewish Opinion, done in September 2017, it was found that 16% of American Jews polled supported an immediate move of the embassy to Jerusalem, 36% wanted to move the embassy at a later date in conjunction with Israeli-Palestinian peace talks, 44% opposed moving the embassy, and 4% said they were not sure.

</doc>
<doc id="7004434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004434" title="List of state visits made by Carl XVI Gustaf">
List of state visits made by Carl XVI Gustaf

Since acceding to the throne of Sweden in 1973, Carl XVI Gustaf has made a number of state and official visits. He usually hosts one or two visiting heads of state each year.

</doc>
<doc id="7004441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004441" title="Red Road (Miami)">
Red Road (Miami)

Red Road, also known as West 57th Avenue, is a main north-south street running west of downtown Miami in Miami-Dade County, Florida and into Broward County. Red Road is signed as State Road 959 from U.S. 1 to the south end of the Miami International Airport, and State Road 823 from U.S. 27 to the Broward County line.
Route description.
Southern section.
The southern terminus is at South 136th Street (Howard Drive) in Gables by the Sea, with the incorporated village of Pinecrest to the northwest corner and the city of Coral Gables to the east and south. Red Road goes north through a residential area until it dead ends at Campamento Avenue in Coral Gables. It resumes just south of Old Cutler Road at the Gulliver Academy campus' west end. Red Road and Old Cutler Road are cosigned as they head north for a short distance until Old Cutler Road veers east.
Red Road continues north, skirting the east side of Pinecrest as West 57th Avenue, roughly dividing it from Coral Gables until it crosses Kendall Drive (South 88th Street/SR 94) where it divides the city of South Miami to the west from a plot of unincorporated Miami-Dade County to the east.
North of Sunset Drive (South 72nd Street/SR 986) it divides the city of South Miami from Coral Gables.
State Road 959 begins at the intersection with Red Road and US 1 (South Dixie Highway), with SR 959 heading north, going through the southwestern end of the University of Miami campus, and then through residential areas, as it acts as the dividing line between Coral Gables to its east and South Miami and patches of unincorporated Miami-Dade County to the west between US 1 and SR 976 (Bird Road). North of Bird Road, Red Road continues through the residential sections of Coral Gables, and enters the residential areas of West Miami, crossing US 41 (Tamiami Trail). SR 959 then enters Miami, intersecting SR 968 (Flagler Street). North of NW 5th Street, Red Road becomes more commercial as it approaches the airport area, with a major shopping center and hotel at the intersection with NW 7th Street. SR 959 then crosses a canal and has an interchange with the Dolphin Expressway (SR 836), with the road terminating just north of the interchange at a dead end intersection with North 12th Street/Perimeter Road, just south of the Miami International Airport runway. This is also the end of the southern segment of Red Road.
Northern section.
The road continues on the north side of Miami International Airport at North 36th Street and runs through the city of Miami Springs as Curtiss Parkway, their main north-south road, until it ends at Hunting Lodge Drive where Curtiss Parkway curves northeast.
At the northside of the Miami Canal at Okeechobee Road (US 27), Red Road resumes and runs through the city of Hialeah as their West 4th Avenue and signed as SR 823. It exits Hialeah when it crosses West 84th Street (Hialeah grid) or North 135th Street (Miami-Dade County grid) and again becomes Northwest 57th Avenue.
It continues north dividing the incorporated town of Miami Lakes to the west from Opa-locka Airport and the city of Miami Gardens to the east until it crosses the Palmetto Expressway (SR 826) where it continues to run north through unincorporated Miami-Dade County.
North of North 202nd Street (Honey Hill Drive) it divides Broward County and the city of Miramar to the west with unincorporated Miami-Dade County to the east, until it fully enters Broward County and Miramar just south of the Homestead Extension of Florida's Turnpike (State Road 821).
It continues north into Broward County and Miramar for a short distance, curving northwest starting at the intersection with Miramar Parkway, and merges onto Flamingo Road.
History.
When George Merrick made plans for the layout of Coral Gables in the 1920s he intended Red Road to be the western boundary of his planned city. The east–west Coral Way (SR 972), the northeast-southwest South Dixie Highway (soon to be designated US 1), and the north–south Ponce de Leon Boulevard were intended to be main throughways, and the Tamiami Trail (soon to be part of US 94, which would in turn be folded into US 41 in 1949) was planned to be the northern boundary.
Red Road gets its name from the color of the mark Merrick made when he drew the road on his planning map; similarly, an east–west street was drawn in with a blue pencil and was named Blue Road.
The section of Red Road between Killian Drive and the Miami International Airport received its FDOT of SR 959 designation in 1980. Its original configuration was longer as it stretched southward to the intersection of Red Road and Southwest 111th Street (Killian Drive), where it met the eastern end of SR 990 just outside the parking lot of the original Parrot Jungle, a major tourist attraction. Between 1995 and 2001, FDOT truncated several State Roads in Miami-Dade County, and both SR 959 and SR 990 were cut back to terminate at US 1.

</doc>
<doc id="7004442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004442" title="List of English words borrowed from Sanskrit">
List of English words borrowed from Sanskrit



</doc>
<doc id="7004443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004443" title="Arctic haze">
Arctic haze

Arctic haze is the phenomenon of a visible reddish-brown springtime haze in the atmosphere at high latitudes in the Arctic due to anthropogenic air pollution. A major distinguishing factor of Arctic haze is the ability of its chemical ingredients to persist in the atmosphere for significantly longer than other pollutants. Due to limited amounts of snow, rain, or turbulent air to displace pollutants from the polar air mass in spring, Arctic haze can linger for more than a month in the northern atmosphere.
History.
Arctic haze was first noticed in 1750 when the Industrial Revolution began. Explorers and whalers could not figure out where the foggy layer was coming from. "Poo-jok" was the term the Inuit used for it. Another hint towards clarifying this issue was relayed in notes approximately a century ago by Norwegian explorer Fridtjof Nansen. After trekking through the Arctic he found dark stains on the ice. The term "Arctic haze" was coined in 1956 by J. Murray Mitchell, a US Air Force officer stationed in Alaska, to describe an unusual reduction in visibility observed by North American weather reconnaissance planes. From his investigations, Mitchell thought the haze had come from industrial areas in Europe and China. He went on to become an eminent climatologist.
The haze is seasonal, reaching a peak in late winter and spring. When an aircraft is within a layer of Arctic haze, pilots report that horizontal visibility can drop to one tenth that of normally clear sky. At this time it was unknown whether the haze was natural or was formed by pollutants.
In 1972, Glenn Edmond Shaw attributed this smog to transboundary anthropogenic pollution, whereby the Arctic is the recipient of contaminants whose sources are thousands of miles away. Further research continues with the aim of understanding the impact of this pollution on global warming.
Origin of pollutants.
Coal-burning in northern mid-latitudes contribute aerosols containing about 90% sulfur and the remainder carbon, that makes the haze reddish in color. This pollution is helping the Arctic warm up faster than any other region, although increases in greenhouse gases are the main driver of this climatic change.
Sulfur aerosols in the atmosphere affect cloud formation, leading to localized cooling effects over industrialized regions due to increased reflection of sunlight, which masks the opposite effect of trapped warmth beneath the cloud cover. During the Arctic winter, however, there is no sunlight to reflect. In the absence of this cooling effect, the dominant effect of changes to Arctic clouds is an increased trapping of infrared radiation from the surface.
Ship emissions, mercury, aluminium, vanadium, manganese, and aerosol and ozone pollutants are many examples of the pollution that is affecting this atmosphere, but the smoke from forest fires is not a significant contributor. Some of those pollutants figure among environmental effects of coal burning. Due to low deposition rates, these pollutants are not yet having adverse effects on people or animals. Different pollutants actually represent different colors of haze. Dr. Shaw discovered in 1976 that the yellowish haze is from dust storms in China and Mongolia. The particles were carried polewards by unusual air currents. The trapped particles were dark gray the next year he took a sample. That was caused by a heavy amount of industrial pollutants.
A 2013 study found that at least 40% of the black carbon deposited in the Arctic originated from gas flares, predominately from oil extraction activities throughout the northern latitudes. The black carbon is short-lived, but such routine flaring also emits vast quantities of sulphur. Home fires in India also contribute.
Recent studies.
According to Tim Garrett, an assistant professor of meteorology at the University of Utah involved in the study of Arctic haze at the university, mid-latitude cities contribute pollution to the Arctic, and it mixes with thin clouds, allowing them to trap heat more easily. Garrett's study found that during the dark Arctic winter, when there is no precipitation to wash out pollution, the effects are strongest, because pollutants can warm the environment up to three degrees Fahrenheit.
Scientific predictions.
European climatologists predicted in 2009 that by the end of the 21st century, the temperature of the Arctic region is expected to rise 3° Celsius on an average day. In that same article, "National Geographic" quoted the co-author of the study, Andreas Stohl, of the Norwegian Institute for Air Research, "Previous climate models have suggested that the Arctic's summer sea ice may completely disappear by 2040 if warming continues unabated."

</doc>
<doc id="7004450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004450" title="Arsenal seasons">
Arsenal seasons



</doc>
<doc id="7004455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004455" title="Game animals">
Game animals



</doc>
<doc id="7004456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004456" title="Na Klang district">
Na Klang district

Na Klang (, ; , ) is a district ("amphoe") of Nong Bua Lamphu province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The district was created as a minor district ("king amphoe") on 16 July 1965, when the three "tambons" Na Klang, Kao Kloi, and Na Si were split from Nong Bua Lamphu District. It was upgraded to a full district in 1969.
On 6 October 2022, a former police officer killed 36 people, including 24 children, and injured 10 others in a combined shooting and stabbing spree before committing suicide. The attack mainly manifested at a children's daycare and this event is currently the deadliest mass murder to have taken place in Thailand's history.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Suwannakhuha of Nong Bua Lamphu Province; Kut Chap of Udon Thani province; Mueang Nong Bua Lamphu, Si Bun Rueang, and Na Wang of Nong Bua Lamphu; and Na Duang of Loei province.
Administration.
The district is divided into nine sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 119 villages ("mubans"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambons") within the district. Na Klang covers parts of "tambons" Na Klang, Dan Chang, and Kut Hae, and Kut Din Chi covers parts of "tambon" Kut Din Chi. There are a further eight tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="7004464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004464" title="Kings Highway (Virginia)">
Kings Highway (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7004466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004466" title="Craig Hill (comedian)">
Craig Hill (comedian)

Craig Hill is a Scottish comedian, TV presenter and actor known for his cheeky, irreverent and camp act.
Biography.
Hill's first public success came at age ten when he won a local talent contest in his native East Kilbride, impersonating Cleo Laine. In 1991, he moved to Edinburgh in order to study drama at Queen Margaret University College, graduating in 1994. Hill's comedy characters as well as his ability to improvise and write material led him into stand-up. He was still an actor, working in Theatre in Education and pantomimes when a friend secretly booked him in for an 'open spot' in 1998.
In 1997 and 1998, Hill performed a lead role (Jeremy Weller) in the Grassmarket Project's theatre production "Mad" at the Edinburgh Fringe.
Since 2002, Hill has extensively toured with his solo comedy shows throughout Scotland, Ireland and the UK. His international work includes Montreal's Just For Laughs Festival 2008 where he hosted the prestigious Britcom series as well as Bubbling With Laughter and shows in Toronto, Paris, Madrid, Barcelona, Melbourne, Perth, Adelaide, Sydney, New York, Singapore, Amsterdam, Brussels, Ghent, Athens, Stockholm and Berlin. He previously hosted Edinburgh's Hogmanay coverage for the BBC and from 2011–2016 has been the host of the Inverness Hogamanay Street Party "Red Hot Highland Fling" on 31 December to bring on the new year. In 2017 he made his Glastonbury Festival debut and 2018 sees his 20th year of performing at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.

</doc>
<doc id="7004469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004469" title="The Black Knight (1954 Film)">
The Black Knight (1954 Film)



</doc>
<doc id="7004472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004472" title="George W. Chadwick">
George W. Chadwick



</doc>
<doc id="7004473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004473" title="St. Asaph">
St. Asaph



</doc>
<doc id="7004477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004477" title="Suou Mikoto">
Suou Mikoto



</doc>
<doc id="7004480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004480" title="Virginia State Highway 6">
Virginia State Highway 6



</doc>
<doc id="7004484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004484" title="Beyazıt I">
Beyazıt I



</doc>
<doc id="7004489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004489" title="Minx (Toyah Willcox album)">
Minx (Toyah Willcox album)

Minx is the first solo album by English singer Toyah Willcox, released in 1985 by Portrait Records. It spawned the moderate hit "Don't Fall in Love (I Said)".
Background.
Although still credited simply as "Toyah" (which was the name of the band she fronted up until 1984), the album was technically the start of Willcox's career as a solo artist, and her first LP for a major label, Portrait Records (part of the CBS group) after she left the independent label Safari which had released all of her music up until then. "Minx" was to be Toyah's only album for Portrait.
The album represented a departure from her previous works, which tended toward thematic albums written almost in their entirety by Willcox and long-standing band members such as Joel Bogen and Phil Spalding. As an attempt to make a more "polished" pop album and supposedly to break into the U.S. market, a lot of artistic control was ceded to the producers leading to an unprecedented four cover versions from the original CD's 12 tracks. The material was produced by Christopher Neil. 
The cover photograph was taken by Terence Donovan, showing Willcox wearing outfits designed by Japanese avant-garde fashion designer Issey Miyake. She wore a number of Miyake's garments during this period, which were used in photoshoots and subsequent artworks.
The lead single "Don't Fall in Love (I Said)" was a hit in the UK and Ireland, reaching the top 40, but follow-up releases "Soul Passing Through Soul" and "World in Action" were less successful. "Minx" debuted and peaked at number 24 in the UK and was Toyah's only entry on the pan-European albums chart (at number 81). It was particularly popular in Israel.
The album, which was out of print by the 1990s, was reissued in 2005 with bonus tracks. In 2020, it was released as part of the "Toyah Solo" box set and subsequently reissued on red vinyl. The album was re-released again in 2024, as a 2-CD set.

</doc>
<doc id="7004490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004490" title="Eat Your Paisley!">
Eat Your Paisley!

Eat Your Paisley! is the second studio album by the Dead Milkmen, released on Restless Records in 1986.
"The Thing That Only Eats Hippies" and "Beach Party Vietnam" were included on the 1997 compilation "Death Rides a Pale Cow: The Ultimate Collection"; "Hippies" appeared on the 1998 compilation "Cream of the Crop".
Production.
The album was produced by John Wicks, Dave Reckner, and the band. A video was shot for the single, "The Thing That Only Eats Hippies"; it was the band's first video.
In "The Thing That Only Eats Hippies", the band chides "Bob and Greg and Grant, you should beware," a reference to Hüsker Dü's Bob Mould, Greg Norton, and Grant Hart.
Critical reception.
"Trouser Press" wrote that "the group’s wacky observations of stereotypes and artifacts are vague but astute; the music is expendable but never less than presentable." "The Globe and Mail" wrote that the band "play okay" but "sing execrably." "People" wrote that the band "produces rough, ragged rock ‘n’ roll with lyrics that express disdain for anything the adult world holds sacred and with music that purposefully negates the slickly produced synthesizer sounds of pretty boys such as Duran Duran and Howard Jones."
The "Ottawa Citizen" called the album "an intentionally tasteless, and occasionally funny, attack on the love generation of the '60s." "The Philadelphia Inquirer" called "the funny songs" funnier than the ones on the debut, and wrote that "the semi-serious songs evince a delirious surrealism that makes them truly powerful rock-and-roll." The "Toronto Star" deemed "Eat Your Paisley!" "nearly brilliant." The "Chicago Tribune" called it "more punky, brash, snotty and frequently funny rock."

</doc>
<doc id="7004493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004493" title="B-1B Lancr">
B-1B Lancr



</doc>
<doc id="7004496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004496" title="Digging (poem)">
Digging (poem)



</doc>
<doc id="7004497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004497" title="Beyazit I">
Beyazit I



</doc>
<doc id="7004502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004502" title="Virginia State Highway 9">
Virginia State Highway 9



</doc>
<doc id="7004505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004505" title="Britain's real monarch">
Britain's real monarch



</doc>
<doc id="7004518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004518" title="Jacob Burns (Attorney)">
Jacob Burns (Attorney)



</doc>
<doc id="7004521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004521" title="Made Up Love Song 43">
Made Up Love Song 43



</doc>
<doc id="7004530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004530" title="Virginia State Highway 10">
Virginia State Highway 10



</doc>
<doc id="7004534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004534" title="1974–75 OMJHL season">
1974–75 OMJHL season

The 1974–75 OMJHL season was the first season of the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League. The league operated semi-autonomously while still being part of the Ontario Hockey Association. The OMJHL inaugurated the William Hanley Trophy, awarded to the most sportsmanlike player. Eleven teams each played 70 games. The Toronto Marlboros won the J. Ross Robertson Cup, defeating the Hamilton Fincups.
League business.
The Major Junior A Series of the Ontario Hockey Association (OHA) was rebranded as the Ontario Major Junior Hockey League (OMJHL) in 1974. The league began operating semi-autonomously from the OHA, and later became fully independent. Tubby Schmalz was appointed the first commissioner of the OMJHL on September 23, 1974.
Schmalz set about to implement a revised mandatory player contract. It included a clause in which 20 per cent of a player's earnings during his first three professional seasons would go back to the junior clubs to recuperate development costs. He explained that the clause was a result of Mark Howe and Marty Howe both departing in the summer for the Houston Aeros, and there was nothing in the OHA junior contract to cover development payments by professional teams. The new clause was a basis for potential legal action against the World Hockey Association (WHA) which had not made payments to the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association (CAHA) or OHA.
Schmalz confirmed in January 1975, that development payments from the National Hockey League (NHL) were coming, and that the WHA was holding a meeting in February to discuss the issue. WCHL president Ed Chynoweth said his league's governors agreed to withdraw from the CAHA if the payment issue was not resolved, and foretold the possibility of Canada's three major junior leagues banding together under one umbrella. The NHL and WHA were delinquent in $600,000 in payments as per the existing professional-amateur agreement. The "Winnipeg Free Press" reported that the WCHL was negotiating a separate deal with the WHA for development fees, and the WCHL would break away from the CAHA after the 1975 Memorial Cup. Schmalz was angered at the report and called for the three major junior league to remain unified.
In February 1975, the NHL and the WHA agreed to stop drafting underage junior players. Mark Napier of the Toronto Marlboros who was not drafted, signed a professional contract with the Toronto Toros later that month to take effect in the following season. Schmalz stated he would seek legal advice on the matter, with the possibility of suspending Napier for the remainder of the junior season. During a game against the Marlboros, St. Catharines Black Hawks owner Hap Emms ordered his players to wear their jerseys backwards and play with their sticks upside down in protest of Napier's contract. Schmalz later ruled Napier eligible to play, and suspended Emms for the remainder of the season and fined him $1,000.
Playoffs.
OMJHL quarter-finals.
(1) Toronto Marlboros vs. (8) Kingston Canadians.
 
OMJHL semi-finals.
(1) Toronto Marlboros vs. (5) Sudbury Wolves.
 

</doc>
<doc id="7004536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004536" title="2000 NLL season">
2000 NLL season

The 2000 National Lacrosse League season is the 14th season in the NLL that began on January 7, 2000, and concluded with the championship game on May 6, 2000. The Toronto Rock defeated the Rochester Knighthawks 14–13. Kaleb Toth scored the winning goal with less than two seconds left in regulation to give the Rock their second straight championship.
Team movement.
One expansion team was added to the NLL for the 2000 season, the Albany Attack. In addition, the Baltimore Thunder left Baltimore and became the Pittsburgh CrosseFire, though the franchise would only last a single season in Pittsburgh before moving to Washington.
All Star Game.
No All-Star game was held in 2000.
Awards.
Weekly awards.
Each week, a player is awarded "Player of the Week" honours.
Monthly awards.
Awards are also given out monthly for the best overall player and best rookie.
Statistics leaders.
Bold numbers indicate new single-season records. "Italics" indicate tied single-season records.

</doc>
<doc id="7004540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004540" title="ONO 99">
ONO 99

ONO 99 (previously published as O'NO 99 by International Games, Inc.) is a proprietary card game produced by Mattel and based on the public-domain card game "Ninety-nine (addition card game)", but played with a unique deck of 54 cards (112 cards in the 2022 edition). The object of the game is to play as many number cards as possible while keeping the total value of discarded cards below 99. Similar to the game UNO, ONO 99 has special cards such as Reverse, Hold, and Double Play cards that can alter gameplay.
Gameplay.
The game is played by three to eight players. Each player picks a card from the deck, and the player who drew the highest-numbered card becomes the dealer (Hold, Reverse and Double Play each count as 0), who then deals four cards to each player, and places the remainder of the deck face down in the center of the play area. The player to the dealer's left starts the hand by playing any numbered card face up beside the deck, forming a discard pile, and announces the number. That player must then immediately draw the top card from the deck. Each subsequent player does likewise, announcing a new total by adding the value of the card they played to the previous player's total. Play continues clockwise between players until one player is unable to play a card without causing the total value of the discard pile to reach or exceed 99; that player loses the hand and will start the next hand.
In addition to number cards (2 to 10 in the original 1980 edition; 0 to 10 in the 2022 edition), five special types of cards are present in the deck, which may be used to attack opponents or benefit the player using them:
If a player lays down a card, but fails to draw one before the next player in sequence completes their own turn, they are not allowed to replace the missing card. A player so affected can potentially be at a great disadvantage, especially if they are holding any ONO 99 card. The player may correct the error by drawing a card before the next player in sequence completes a turn.
All players begin the game with an equal number of lives, left up to their discretion. Losing a hand costs the player one life; a player who has run out of lives is out of the game. The last remaining player is the winner.
Alternate scoring.
A rule variation as suggested in the official rules is to use a point-scoring system in which the player who loses the hand receives 25 points plus the value of cards in their hand:
A point limit is determined before the start of the game (500 as suggested by the official rules). When a player's score reaches the limit, either the game ends and the player with the lowest score wins, or the player who reached the score limit is eliminated and the game continues until only one player remains.

</doc>
<doc id="7004546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004546" title="Rally of France">
Rally of France



</doc>
<doc id="7004547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004547" title="Rally France">
Rally France



</doc>
<doc id="7004552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004552" title="Isaac ben Asher ha-Levi">
Isaac ben Asher ha-Levi

Rabbi Isaac ben Asher HaLevi or Riba (ריב"א) is the earliest known Tosafist, son-in-law of Eliakim ben Meshullam and pupil of Rashi. He flourished in Speyer during the 11th century.
He is cited under the name of "Tosafot Riba," in the "Temim De'im," in the printed "tosafot" ("Sotah" 17b), and in the "Tosafot Yeshanin" ("Yoma" 15a). They are frequently quoted without the name of their author. Isaac ben Asher also wrote a commentary on the Pentateuch, which is no longer extant. It is cited in the "Minchat Yehudah," and Jacob Tam made use of it in his "Sefer ha-Yashar" (p. 282). He was also the teacher of Isaac ben Mordecai of Regensburg and Ephraim ben Isaac of Regensburg. 

</doc>
<doc id="7004561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004561" title="Asahel Huntington Patch">
Asahel Huntington Patch



</doc>
<doc id="7004564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004564" title="Virginia State Highway 27">
Virginia State Highway 27



</doc>
<doc id="7004565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004565" title="Keith Ortego">
Keith Ortego

Bryant Keith Ortego (August 30, 1963 – March 2, 2022) was an American football wide receiver for the Chicago Bears of the NFL. He was a member of the Bears team that won Super Bowl XX following the 1985 NFL season. He was also a member of the "Shuffling Crew" in the video The Super Bowl Shuffle.
Ortego attended McNeese State University, where he was an All-Southland Conference and All-Louisiana receiver who led his team in receptions with 21 (for 340 yards) in 1983 and 32 (for 602 yards) in 1984. He left as the school's second all-time leading receiver with 1,202 yards and was inducted into the McNeese State Hall of Fame in 2016.
Following his college career, Ortego signed with the Bears as an undrafted free agent for the 1985 season. After missing the first 9 games of the season with a knee injury, Ortego became the Bears starting punt returner for the rest of the season, returning 17 punts for 158 yards. He added 11 more punt returns for 63 yards in the playoffs, including two for 20 in their Super Bowl win. In the following season, Ortego caught 23 passes for 430 yards. He played one more year after that, appearing in 8 games, but with no receptions.
Ortego died on March 2, 2022, at the age of 58.

</doc>
<doc id="7004567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004567" title="Crime Expo SA">
Crime Expo SA



</doc>
<doc id="7004569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004569" title="Estonia Race Cars">
Estonia Race Cars

The Estonia Race Cars was a manufacturer of open wheel racing cars from the Estonian SSR. Their first model, the Estonia 1, was built in 1958 during the Soviet occupation of Estonia. Altogether about 1,300 cars were constructed. They were branded in Western Europe as TARK, Tallinna Autode Remondi Katsetehas. Later, the factory was privatized and renamed "Kavor Motorsport".
Cars.
There was a plan to design and build an Estonia 27 car, but it was never implemented. However, factory CEO Juhan Sein mentored the Tallinn Formula Student team for their first cars, and so heritage and knowledge were passed on to the students. The TTTK/TTÜ F-Student team has been a success, being a top 10 contender early on.
Technical.
All of the Estonia race cars were produced under difficult situations. The Soviet planned economy made acquiring engines and other components nearly impossible. Everything had to be "wizarded out" by personal connections in the automotive industry. That being said, the Republic of Estonia was considered more open than the rest of the USSR, so it was more possible to have some information about western racing technology. For example, it was possible to smuggle in racing magazines from Finland. Also, Finnish television broadcasts could be received in northern Estonia, so TARK engineers watched F1 championships. Because of this, modern F1 solutions made their way into Tallinn.
Early Estonia cars used motorcycle engines or Wartburg 2-stroke motors. Riders (or mechanics) usually prepared the engines themselves. Later, mostly Lada 1300 or 1600 engines were used. 1300cc engines were used in "Formula Vostok" and class rules were quite strict, allowing only the stock camshaft. Later, the 1600cc class was more free, and engine power grew accordingly - up to 165 hp or even more.
From the Estonia 16 onwards, TARK built their own gearboxes. They took the ZAZ-968 gearbox casing, turned it 180° over, and used their in-house developed gear system. All the gears were quickly interchangeable for different ratios.
All major components such as the steering rack, brakes, shock absorbers, ignition systems etc. were built at the TARK factory. They also made their own magnesium wheels.
Professional drivers such as Toomas Napa or Toivo Asmer had special cars from factory, featuring wider wheels and lighter titanium and magnesium parts.

</doc>
<doc id="7004570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004570" title="NCRAA">
NCRAA



</doc>
<doc id="7004580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004580" title="HMS Churchill (S46)">
HMS Churchill (S46)

HMS "Churchill" was the first of three nuclear fleet submarines that served with the Royal Navy.
Construction.
In 1965, following a decision by the Labour government not to build a fifth ballistic missile submarine, production of nuclear-powered fleet submarines, which had been postponed owing to the priority given to the Polaris programme, could be restarted. "Churchill", the Royal Navy's fourth nuclear-powered fleet submarine was ordered on 21 October 1965, and was laid down at Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering Limited (VSEL)'s Barrow-in-Furness shipyard on 30 June 1967. Following a collision between sister submarine and a Soviet Echo II-class submarine in the Barents Sea on 9 October 1968, the fin of "Churchill", still under construction at Barrow, was used to replace "Warspite"s fin, which had been badly damaged in the collision. "Churchill" was launched by Mary Soames, Winston Churchill's youngest daughter, on 20 December 1968, and commissioned on 15 July 1970.
Propulsion.
"Churchill" was chosen to trial the first full-size submarine pump jet propulsion. Trials of a high-speed unit were followed by further trials with a low-speed unit, and these were successful enough for the same propulsion to be fitted in the rest of the class. Later British submarine classes also featured the pump jet, although first-of-class vessels "Swiftsure" and "Trafalgar" were fitted with propellers at build.

</doc>
<doc id="7004581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004581" title="Virginia State Highway 28">
Virginia State Highway 28



</doc>
<doc id="7004591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004591" title="Bucky Fellini">
Bucky Fellini

Bucky Fellini is the third studio album by The Dead Milkmen. It was released in 1987 by Enigma. The album peaked at No. 163 on the "Billboard" 200.
The album produced one single, "Instant Club Hit (You'll Dance to Anything)". An EP was released containing the single and multiple remixes, as well as previously unreleased tracks. That track and two others from "Bucky Fellini" appeared on the 1997 compilation "Death Rides a Pale Cow: The Ultimate Collection"; two were included on the 1998 compilation "Cream of the Crop."
"I Am The Walrus" is not a cover version of The Beatles song. "Watching Scotty Die" was covered by Mischief Brew in 2008 on their split with the Milkmen's Joe Jack Talcum.
Production.
The album was produced by Brian "Mud Lounge" Beattie. It contains a cover of Daniel Johnston's "Rocketship".
Critical reception.
"Trouser Press" wrote that "the relatively expansive "Bucky Fellini" — with guest musicians, improved songwriting and such dementedly parodic cultural concepts as 'Nitro Burning Funny Cars', 'Going to Graceland', '(Theme from) Blood Orgy of the Atomic Fern' — coughed up the clever 'Instant Club Hit (You'll Dance to Anything)'." The "Chicago Tribune" wrote that the album "weaves touches of country and surf music into a brand of rock that is heavily influenced by punk but is less intense than the usual hammering hard-core assault." The "Orlando Sentinel" wrote: "Unfortunately, a comic bent leads to the labeling of bands as novelty acts, a commercial death trap. On "Bucky Fellini", the Dead Milkmen avoid the trap, expanding their basic sound with touches of violin, lap steel guitar and dobro."
"People" thought that "the Dead Milkmen aren't as stupid as they'd like to be ... Now they sound as if they might know how to play their guitars, and they produce some on-target commentary such as 'Instant Club Hit (You'll Dance to Anything)'." "The Washington Post" opined that "though musically fuller and more diverse than the band's two previous albums, two sides of "Bucky Fellini" may be more youthful cynicism than most people would want to sit through in one listening." The "Toronto Star" deemed the album "a sarcastic masterpiece that takes the mickey out of a dozen cherished American icons."
Track listing.
All songs written by The Dead Milkmen unless otherwise noted:

</doc>
<doc id="7004594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004594" title="John Gard">
John Gard

John G. Gard (born August 3, 1963) is an American lobbyist and former politician. A Republican, he was the 75th Speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly (2003–2007) and was a member of the Assembly for 19 years. Gard also ran unsuccessfully for United States House of Representatives in Wisconsin's 8th congressional district in 2006 and 2008, losing both elections to Democrat Steve Kagen.
Gard is married to Cathy Zeuske, a former state treasurer of Wisconsin and former secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Revenue.
Early life and career.
Gard was born in Milwaukee, but was raised on his family's dairy farm in rural Lena, Wisconsin. He graduated from Lena High School and went on to earn his bachelor's degree in political science from University of Wisconsin–La Crosse in 1986. Gard went to work as a legislative assistant to State Representative David Prosser Jr.
Political career.
Just a year after going to work for Prosser, at age 23, Gard made his first attempt at elected office in a 1987 special election called to replace Richard P. Matty, who was being appointed to the administration of Governor Tommy Thompson. He ran his campaign out of his parents' farm, assisted by the volunteer efforts of his parents and seven siblings. In September, Gard prevailed in a crowded seven-person Republican primary, which included Marinette County district attorney Tim Duket and Marinette Mayor Harold Pierce. During the 1987 campaign, Gard declared his opposition to pending legislation which would mandate seat belt use. In the October special election, he narrowly defeated Democrat Charles J. Boyle.
Gard was sworn in on October 12, 1987, at Lena High School. The location was intended to accommodate his ailing grandfather, who could not travel to Madison. Gard's grandfather died, however, on the morning of the swearing-in ceremony. At the time of his swearing-in, Gard was the youngest member of the Wisconsin Legislature.
In 1990, Gard faced his closest election, surviving by a margin of just 45 votes after a recount. Following the 1990 election, state redistricting removed Gard from the 88th district and placed him in the 89th district. After redistricting, Gard easily won a rematch with his 1990 opponent, Scott McCormick, and subsequently won reelection to six more terms representing the 89th Assembly district.
Following the indictment of Scott Jensen in Fall 2002, the Assembly Republican caucus elected Gard the next Speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly. He served as speaker for the 96th and 97th Wisconsin Legislatures.
2006 Congressional race.
In 2006, Wisconsin Congressman Mark Green announced he would run for Governor of Wisconsin, creating a vacancy in the 8th congressional district. Gard chose to forego reelection to the Assembly enter the race to replace Green in the United States House of Representatives. In the September primary, he defeated State Representative Terri McCormick with nearly 70% of the vote.
In the general election, Gard faced Democrat Steve Kagen, a medical doctor from Appleton, in what became the most expensive congressional race in Wisconsin history up to that point. The district was considered a slightly Republican-leaning toss-up by pollsters and ratings organizations like The Cook Political Report. The 2006 elections were driven by national issues like the Iraq War, healthcare, immigration, and earmark spending, and resulted in a Democratic wave, repudiating four years of Republican control of Washington, D.C. Gard was able to carry his home county of Marinette with 51.4% of the vote and neighboring Oconto County, where he grew up, by 52.1%. He lost Brown County, home to Green Bay, by less than 1,000 votes (less than 1%). Kagen carried his home county of Outagamie with 54.5% of the vote. The cumulative result was a narrow victory for Kagen, taking 50.9% of the general election vote.
2008 Congressional race.
John Gard announced on Sunday April 27, 2008, that he would again run against Democratic incumbent Steve Kagen for 8th district representative. The Cook Political Report claimed the race 'leans Democrat' even though the district was considered to "lean-Republican" with a Cook Partisan Voting Index (PVI) of R +4.
Other GOP potential candidates dropped out of the race, including State Assemblymen Frank Lasee and Steve Wieckert, and former Green Bay Mayor Paul Jadin. Gard received the Republican nomination, but lost the election by a count of 164,561 to 193,261.
Later years.
Since leaving office, Gard has operated as a lobbyist to the state government. He and his wife co-own the Gard Business Group, through which they provide their lobbying services. Among other clients, Gard has lobbied on behalf of Amazon.com and Google in the 2017, 2019, and 2021 sessions of the Wisconsin Legislature.
In the 2010 Wisconsin gubernatorial election, Gard supported former Representative Mark Neumann, serving as a co-chair of his campaign.
Gard was also influential on behalf of Mike Gallagher in the 2016 Republican primary for the 8th congressional district. Gard was an outspoken surrogate for Gallagher and worked to raise funds for his campaign; he described Gallagher as a close family friend and likened him to a "young Paul Ryan."
In 2020, in an emotional op-ed, Gard inserted himself into the debate over athletes kneeling as a form of silent protest against racism. Recalling the debate over state funding for Lambeau Field renovations in 2000, Gard asserted that the Green Bay Packers were disrespecting their community and ruining the franchise for fans like him.
Personal life and family.
Gard is one of 8 children born to Herbert and Dixie Gard. In 1990, he married fellow state representative Cathy Zeuske. Zeuske was also elected to the Assembly in her early 20s and would later go on to serve as the 31st State Treasurer of Wisconsin and 9th Secretary of the Wisconsin Department of Revenue. They have two adult children and reside in Suamico, Wisconsin.

</doc>
<doc id="7004600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004600" title="Virginia State Highway 30">
Virginia State Highway 30



</doc>
<doc id="7004605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004605" title="Isaac ben Asher">
Isaac ben Asher



</doc>
<doc id="7004606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004606" title="Planet Hollywood hotel">
Planet Hollywood hotel



</doc>
<doc id="7004609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004609" title="Michael Ralph">
Michael Ralph

Michael Ralph (born c. 1963) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for his recurring roles as Spencer Boyer on the sitcom "A Different World", Tyrell Livingston on "Cleghorne!" and as Kelly on "The Bernie Mac Show".
Career.
Some of his other television credits include "Martin", "Moesha", "The Parkers", "All of Us", "The Suite Life on Deck", "Numb3rs", "The Sinbad Show" and "Renegade".
He also appeared in the films "Marked for Death" (1990), "Malcolm X" (1992) and Nickelodeon television film "Drake &amp; Josh Go Hollywood" (2006). Ralph has also provided his voice in numerous video games. He also provided additional voices for "Happy Feet Two" and "Frozen II".
He is the younger brother of actress Sheryl Lee Ralph. He also starred in the TV series "The Bernie Mac Show" as "Kelly".

</doc>
<doc id="7004611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004611" title="Clovis Whitfield">
Clovis Whitfield

Clovis Whitfield is an art historian and art dealer based in London, where he runs Whitfield Fine Art. He is a member of the Society of London Art Dealers.
Career as art historian.
Educated at Corpus Christi College, Cambridge and then the Courtauld Institute of Art, London. He was later a visiting professor at Indiana University, 1967/1968. In the course of his career, Whitfield has organised art exhibitions and lectured at important museums around the world, including the Royal Academy, London and the Capitoline Museums Rome.
Whitfield has published on Baroque Art extensively since 1971, notably discovering "Temps Calme" by Nicolas Poussin in The Burlington Magazine in 1977 and organising and writing the catalogue of "Painting in Naples 1606 – 1705, Caravaggio to Giordano" held at the Royal Academy in 1982. He published 'Caravaggio's Eye' (Paul Holberton publishing) in 2011, an important study of the Italian artist Caravaggio and his use of the technology of his day.
As well as being the author of a number of books on art history, throughout his career he has been credited with identifications of several "lost" works by Baroque and Renaissance painters, including a disputed identification of "Apollo the Luteplayer" by Caravaggio and "Madonna and Child with the Infant Saint John the Baptist" by Andrea del Sarto. In 2007 Whitfield's gallery removed a loan of paintings from the New York gallery Salander-O'Reilly a few hours before the opening of a major exhibition of old master paintings, due to concerns over the "uncertain legal situation" confronting the New York gallery.
Whitfield Fine Art.
Clovis Whitfield founded Whitfield Fine Art, in 1979 located on Old Bond Street, Mayfair, London. It moved to a new space on the first floor of 23 Dering Street in 2009. The gallery specialises in Italian Old Master paintings. It participates in a number of art fairs worldwide.
Exhibitions organised.
"England and the Seicento", Agnew's, 1973, (Bolognese painting in England).
"Painting in Florence", Royal Academy, London, 1979.
"Painting in Naples, Caravaggio to Giordano", Royal Academy, London, 1982; National Gallery, Washington, D.C., 1983; Grand Palais, Paris, 1983; Palazzo Reale, Turin, 1983.
"Classicismo e Natura: La Lezione di Domenichino Rome", Gallerie Capitoline, Nov 1996 – Feb. 1997 (jointly with Sir Denis Mahon)
Publications.
Books.
"Caravaggio's Eye" Paul Holberton publishing, 2011
"Francesco Brizio; Prospetti e paesaggi", Atti dell’ Accademia Clementina, Bologna 1998;
Exhibition catalogues.
"Cardinal Del Monte &amp; Caravaggio" in Caravaggio, exh. cat., New York 2007, p. 37-43;
"Caravaggio and a New Technique" in Caravaggio, exh. cat., New York 2007, p. 23-36;
"Caravaggio", exh. cat., Düsseldorf Kunsthalle 2006, cat. 7,11 &amp; 33;
"Portraiture: From the ‘Simple Portrait’ to the ‘Resemblance Parlante" The Genius of Rome 1592 – 1623, exh. cat. London, Royal Academy, 2001 pp. 140–171;
Classicismo e Natura; La Lezione di Domenichino, exh. cat. ed. Sir Denis Mahon &amp; C. Whitfield, Rome, Gallerie Capitoline 1996/97 (article on ‘Paesi dal natural rapportati’ and most of the catalogue entries);
Domenichino exhibition Catalogue, Rome, Palazzo Venezia, 1996 Catalogue entry on G.B. Viola’s Flight into Egypt p. 536/37;
Painting in Naples 1606 – 1705, Caravaggio to Giordano, exhibition catalogue, Royal Academy of Arts in association with Weidenfeld &amp; Nicolson, London 1982;

</doc>
<doc id="7004617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004617" title="Battle of Ashingdon (1016)">
Battle of Ashingdon (1016)



</doc>
<doc id="7004621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004621" title="Virginia State Highway 31">
Virginia State Highway 31



</doc>
<doc id="7004627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004627" title="Rally Germany">
Rally Germany



</doc>
<doc id="7004628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004628" title="Hirata Tosuke">
Hirata Tosuke

Count was a Japanese statesman and the 7th Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan, active in the Meiji and Taishō period Empire of Japan.
Biography.
Hirata was born in the Yonezawa Domain, Dewa Province (currently Yamagata Prefecture) as the son of a local "samurai". He was sent by the domain to Edo for studies, and subsequently fought in the Boshin War on the side of the Ōuetsu Reppan Dōmei. After the Meiji Restoration, was ordered by the domain to go to Tokyo and study at the "Daigaku Nankō" (predecessor of Tokyo Imperial University). After graduating, he was a student member of the Iwakura Mission of 1871 along with Makino Nobuaki. He later stayed in Germany to study at Heidelberg University (where he studied politics and international law) and Leipzig University (where he studied commercial law). He is the first Japanese with a doctorate degree.
Hirata returned to Japan in 1876 and served in a number of posts in the new Meiji government's Ministry of Finance, and later became Documentation Bureau Director of the Grand Council "(Daijō-kan)" and Legislation Bureau Director. In 1890, he was selected as a member of the House of Peers of the new Diet of Japan by Imperial command. 
He successively held important posts including chief secretary of the Privy Council, director-general of the Legislation Bureau, Agriculture and Commerce Minister in the first Katsura cabinet, Home Minister in the second Katsura cabinet, provisionary Diplomatic Investigation Board member, and Lord Keeper of the Privy Seal of Japan. 
Hirata was also very active in the movement of local agricultural reforms, an industrial cooperative program, and poverty relief projects, striving to protect the local country people against the inflationary economy after the Russo-Japanese War and World War I.

</doc>
<doc id="7004632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004632" title="Rally of Germany">
Rally of Germany



</doc>
<doc id="7004633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004633" title="The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science">
The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science

The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science is a general guide to the sciences by the American writer and scientist Isaac Asimov. It was first published in 1960 by Basic Books. Revised versions were published as "The New Intelligent Man's Guide to Science" (1965), "Asimov's Guide to Science" (1972), and "Asimov's New Guide to Science" (1984).
The book received positive reviews, praising it as a well-written work on science.
Background and publication history.
Asimov was first contacted by Leon Svirsky of Basic Books in 1957 about the possibility of writing a book that would provide an overview of science, and the two met at Asimov's home on 13 May to discuss the details. Six days later, Asimov received a contract for the book, along with a $1500 advance. At this point in his life, it had been just over a year since Asimov had given up his teaching duties at Boston University and taken up writing full-time. He had published 11 nonfiction books, including books on chemistry, physics, astronomy, a college-level biochemistry textbook, and a collection of science essays. However, he was momentarily daunted by the prospect of writing a major book on all of science, and he delayed signing the contract until 15 July, after receiving encouragement from his friend (and future wife) Janet Jeppson.
The book's title was Svirsky's, chosen as a deliberate homage to George Bernard Shaw's "The Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism and Capitalism" (1928). Asimov feared the title would be seen as elitist and condescending, and he suggested "Everyone's Guide to Science" as an alternative, but Svirsky refused. Years later, when he was confronted by annoyed feminists who asked why the book was restricted to men, Asimov would claim that the "intelligent man" of the title referred to himself; thus anticipating the title "Asimov's Guide to Science" adopted for the third edition. Svirsky also wanted the book confined to scientific advances made in the 20th century. Asimov, however, preferred to approach each field in a historical manner, starting with the ancient Greeks or, at the very least, Galileo Galilei. As often happened when Asimov was given editorial directions he disagreed with, he ignored them, and wrote the book just as he wanted to. In organizing the various fields of science, Asimov chose to begin with the universe as a whole and work inward in narrowing circles until he was inside the brain at the end.
Asimov began work on the book on 2 October, and found that he had no trouble with it at all, writing anywhere from 6,000 to 10,000 words a day without any sense of strain. By 27 January 1958, Asimov was able to deliver the first half of the completed manuscript to Basic Books, but at a meeting a month later, Svirsky suggested cutting the book in half so it could fit in one volume. At that point, Asimov was only two chapters shy of finishing the book, but saw no reason to complete it if it would be subjected to such radical abridgment, and halted work. He resumed work after being informed on 11 March that Svirsky would not try to reduce the book by half, but would instead publish it in two volumes. Svirsky also insisted that the book include an introduction by the geneticist George Beadle. Asimov felt that his work didn't need an introduction by anyone else, and even though he found Beadle's introduction to be very elegant, he still resented its inclusion. Asimov delivered the final chapters to Basic Books on 21 April, and the appendices on 4 May.
When he began proofing the book's galleys, Asimov was horrified to find that Svirsky still cut out some 30% of the book's material. Asimov reinserted as much information into the galley proofs as he could, but he remained unhappy with the book.
"The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science" was first published in 1960 by Basic Books. It was published, in revised editions, as "The New Intelligent Man's Guide to Science" in 1965, "Asimov's Guide to Science" in 1972, and "Asimov's New Guide to Science" in 1984.
Reception.
"The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science" received positive reviews from the physicist Derek J. de Solla Price in "Science" and Floyd C. Gale in "Galaxy Science Fiction", and a mixed review from John Pfeiffer in "The New York Times".
Price considered Asimov's work a novelty in popular science writing. He credited Asimov with surveying the whole of modern science. Gale credited Asimov with writing well and making difficult concepts easy to understand. Gale considered the book well-written and credited Asimov with helping to make even difficult concepts easy to understand. Pfeiffer wrote that Asimov tried to discuss too many aspects of science in the limited space available to him and compressed material "to a point where the result is almost a listing of developments with inadequate transitions in between". He concluded that Asimov had "prepared a good introduction to modern research" that "would have been better if he had allowed himself more space for the unique, imaginative writing of which he is so obviously capable."
"The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science" was nominated for a National Book Award in the nonfiction category, losing to the journalist William L. Shirer's "The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich" (1960). Asimov has stated that "The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science" led to his recognition as a major figure in the field of science writing.
"Asimov's Guide to Science" was reviewed by John Cheney in "Contemporary Physics". "Asimov's New Guide to Science" received positive reviews from Paul Stuewe in "Quill &amp; Quire", Margrett J. McFadden in "Voice of Youth Advocates", and Robert H. Bell in "Science Books &amp; Films", and a mixed review from E. L. Williams in "Choice". The book was also reviewed by Jim Pirie in "Chemical Engineer" and the geneticist H. Bentley Glass in "The Quarterly Review of Biology".
Stuewe considered the book well-written, and credited Asimov with covering developments in technology since the publication of "Asimov's Guide to Science". McFadden considered the book enjoyable to read, and praised Asimov for presenting new information "from dinosaurs to robots, the solar system to new physics discoveries". Bell considered the book thorough and engaging, crediting Asimov with "encyclopedic knowledge of astronomy, geology, physics, and chemistry" and "considerable understanding and knowledge of organic chemistry, cellular function and theory, microbiology, the human body and its needs, evolution, and the mind", and providing useful "figures, sketches, and maps". Williams complimented Asimov for his updated treatment of artificial intelligence, computers, cancer, the solar system, quasars, black holes, evolution, and the energy crisis, but considered it disappointing that there was no update on genetic engineering. Williams also commented that, "There are fewer photographs and their quality is not as good as in the 1972 edition. The table of contents has been divided into very helpful subheadings, making it easy to use as a quick reference. The name and subject indexes are good."

</doc>
<doc id="7004639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004639" title="Third World Press">
Third World Press

Third World Press (TWP) is the largest independent Black-owned press in the United States, founded in 1967 by Haki R. Madhubuti (then known as Don L. Lee), with early support from Johari Amini and Carolyn Rodgers. Since the 1960s, the company has focused on publishing culturally progressive and political books of fiction and non-fiction, poetry, and cross-genre work.
History.
Madhubuti recalled a pivotal encounter that led him to publishing. In 1960, as a teenager traveling to sell magazine subscriptions door-to-door, he visited a home in Springfield, Illinois. The door was opened by "a very sophisticated African-American man" who invited him in, fed him, and offered him advice. "He said, 'Young man, the one thing no one can take away from you is an education,'" as Madhubuti recalled. The man encouraged him to enroll in college and gave him $20, about $160 today. Afterwards, Madhubuti said he returned to Chicago "determined to build something of his own".
In Chicago, he became active in the Black Arts Movement, within which Gwendolyn Brooks became a literary mentor and model. In December 1967, Madhubuti met with poet and activist Carolyn Rodgers and Johari Amini in the basement of his South Side apartment in Chicago to launch Third World Press (TWP) as an outlet for African-American literature. With $400 earned from poetry readings, a mimeograph machine, and Dudley Randall's home-based Broadside Press as a business model, Madhubuti began operation. By 2007, the company continued to thrive in a multimillion-dollar facility. It is the stated mission of TWP "to always honor Black writers and artists and to celebrate artists of all cultures".
In May 2011, Third World Press developed and launched TWPBooks.com, which replaced the former ThirdWorldPressInc.com. TWPBooks.com leverages the heritage and technological spirit for which Third World Press has come to be known. Under the direction of Madhudbuti, Third World Press has embraced social media and the prevalence of eBooks, while upgrading its internal technologies to better serve customers of Third World Press.
In 2015, Madhubuti converted Third World Press into the non-profit Third World Press Foundation. Explaining the change, he told "Publishers Weekly" that the company "needed a new, more realistic business model for our authors". In addition to its publishing operation, the foundation runs a pair of charter schools and one private school using a curriculum that incorporates African thought and culture that serves children from preschool through eighth grade.
Notable works and authors.
Third World Press has published works by Pulitzer Prize-winning author Gwendolyn Brooks, as well as by Sonia Sanchez, Sterling Plumpp and Pearl Cleage. The list of authors published by TWP also includes Amiri Baraka, Margaret Walker, Sam Greenlee, Naomi Long Madgett, Keorapetse Kgositsile, Mari Evans, Kalamu ya Salaam, Gloria Naylor, Gil Scott-Heron, Chancellor Williams, George E. Kent and many others. 
In 2006, "The Covenant with Black America", with an introduction by Tavis Smiley, reached No. 1 in the "New York Times" Best Seller list.
The poet Parneshia Jones, director of Northwestern University Press, began her publishing career as an intern at Third World Press.

</doc>
<doc id="7004644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004644" title="Vision training">
Vision training



</doc>
<doc id="7004648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004648" title="Vladimir Martynov">
Vladimir Martynov

Vladimir Ivanovich Martynov (Russian: Владимир Иванович Мартынов) (Moscow, 20 February 1946) is a Russian composer, known for his compositions in the concerto, orchestral music, chamber music, and choral music genres.
Life.
Vladimir Martynov studied piano as a child. Gaining an interest in composition, he enrolled in the Moscow Conservatory where he studied piano under Mikhail Mezhlumov and composition under Nikolai Sidelnikov, graduating in 1971.
In his early works, such as the String Quartet (1966), the Concerto for Oboe and Flute (1968), Hexagramme for Piano (1971), and Violin Sonata (1973), Vladimir Martynov used serial music (or twelve-tone) technique. In 1973 he got a job at the studio for electronic music of the Alexander Scriabin Museum. For Soviet composers of this era, this studio had much the same meaning as the RAI Electronic Music Studio in Milan, the West German Radio studio, and the ORTF Studio in Paris, providing a meeting ground for the avant-garde musicians. Sofia Gubaidulina, Sergei Nemtin, Alfred Schnittke, and Edison Denisov were among the composers regularly working and meeting there.
Martynov helped to form a rock group called Boomerang at the Scriabin Studio. For them he wrote a rock opera "Seraphic Visions from St. Francis of Assisi" (1978).
Vladimir Martynov is also known as a serious ethnomusicologist, specializing in the music of the Caucasian peoples, Tajikistan, and other ethnic groups in Russia. He also studied medieval Russian and European music, as well as religious musical history and musicology. While even in Soviet times this field of study was considered generally acceptable, it also allowed him to study theology, religious philosophy and history. Vladimir Martynov began studying early Russian religious chant in the late 1970s; he also studied the music of such composers as Machaut, Gabrieli, Isaac, Dufay, and Dunstable, publishing editions of their music. He became interested in the brand of minimalism developing in the Soviet Union in the late 1970s: a static, spiritually-inspired style without the shimmering pulse of American minimalism. The timeless quality of chants and the lack of a sense of bar lines in Renaissance polyphony entered into his version of minimalism.
At about this time, he began teaching at the Academy of Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius in Sergiyev Posad. There was a period of consolidation in the early 1980s where he wrote music specifically tailored for use in church services, then resuming writing original music in his minimalist style. Among his works from this period is "Come in!" for violin and ensemble of 1988 which was performed by Gidon Kremer and by the composer's partner, Tatiana Grindenko.
Since the fall of the Soviet Union, he has written works that take on large Christian themes, such as Apocalypse (1991), Lamentations of Jeremiah (1992), Magnificat (1993), Stabat Mater (1994), and Requiem (1998). One of his major compositions is a nearly hour-long piece called Opus Posthumum (1993), devoted to the idea that "a man touches the truth twice. The first time is the first cry from a new born baby's lips and the last is the death rattle. Everything between is untruth to a greater or lesser extent." He also composed a much shorter Opus Prenatum and a work called Twelve Victories of King Arthur for Seven Pianos (1990).
He has recordings on Le Chant du Monde's imprint "Les Saisons Russes" and on the Moscow-based independent label LongArms Records. In 2009 the London Philharmonic performed the world premiere of his opera "Vita Nuova". The opera premiered in the U.S. on February 28, 2009 at the new Alice Tully Hall in New York City. Martynov's composition "The Beatitudes", as performed by the Kronos Quartet, was featured in "La Grande Bellezza (The Great Beauty)", the winner of the 2014 Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Vladimir Martynov has written several books and seminal articles on musical theory, history and philosophy of music.
Family.
Martynov's grandfather was Yakov Samuilovich (Semyonovich) Gembitsky (born 1876), doctor, graduate of the Imperial Moscow University (1900). His grandmother was Tatyana Iosifovna Gembitskaya (Volkova, born 1880).
Martynov's wife is violinist Tatyana Tikhonovna Grindenko.
Sources.
Wilson, Tara. "Russian Post-Minimalist Music: A Semiological Investigation into the Narrative Approaches employed by Alexander Knaifel between 1978 and 1994" (PhD thesis: Goldsmiths, University of London, 2015).

</doc>
<doc id="7004650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004650" title="Socialist Studies Bulletin">
Socialist Studies Bulletin

The Socialist Studies Bulletin was published by the Society for Socialist Studies and contained membership news and updates as well as academic articles and commentaries. It was started in 1985, replacing "Newsletter", which was launched in 1979. The Bulletin ceased publication in 2005 and it was replaced by "Socialist Studies/Études Socialistes". The headquarters was in Winnipeg.

</doc>
<doc id="7004652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004652" title="Virginia State Highway 32">
Virginia State Highway 32



</doc>
<doc id="7004653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004653" title="A1 steak sauce">
A1 steak sauce



</doc>
<doc id="7004654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004654" title="Norfolk &amp; Western (band)">
Norfolk &amp; Western (band)

Norfolk &amp; Western is an American indie rock and folk/rock band from Portland, Oregon, United States.
Norfolk and Western began as the recording project of Adam Selzer with friends, including M. Ward, playing various instruments, and evolved over time to become a fully orchestrated band. Their live shows often feature band members switching instruments, sometimes even mid-song, as well as film accompaniment.
Norfolk and Western toured in support of the release "A Gilded Age" in Spring and Summer of 2006.
The members.
Adam Selzer.
Adam owns and operates Type Foundry Recording Studio in Portland, Oregon, where he has engineered and produced records by such artists as M.Ward, the Decemberists, Little Wings, She &amp; Him, Corrina Repp, Shelley Short, and many more. He is a member of the band Alialujah Choir and also tours with M. Ward playing guitar and bass.
Rachel Blumberg.
Rachel Blumberg has been a long-time songwriting collaborator and has written many songs of her own which appear on the Norfolk and Western recordings. Blumberg has also toured and recorded with M. Ward playing the drums and ukulele. She was formerly the drummer of the Decemberists and has toured with Laura Veirs.
Dave Depper.
Originally from Bend, Oregon, Dave Depper has perfect pitch. He also played in the Village Green and Blanket Music.
Tony Moreno.
Tony Moreno became a father and has been playing in the band since the inception. Moreno has recorded on his own under his name with several releases. He has also designed websites, including NorfolkAndWestern.org.
Amanda Lawrence.
Amanda Lawrence teaches violin, viola, and cello and is a studio session player. She also plays in the band Pentecost Hotel.
Cory Gray.
Cory Gray has been a fixture at Type Foundry Recording Studio as a session piano and trumpet player. He first made his mark in Norfolk on the "Dusk in Cold Parlours" CD. He leads his own band Carcrashlander and plays with various other bands such as Graves and occasionally tours and records with Darren Hanlon. He also played in the band Desert City Soundtrack.
Peter Broderick.
Peter Broderick left the band to join the Danish band, Efterklang. Contributed to "A Gilded Age." He has also played in the bands Loch Lomond and Horse Feathers.

</doc>
<doc id="7004658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004658" title="London Buses route 236">
London Buses route 236



</doc>
<doc id="7004665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004665" title="Virginia State Highway 33">
Virginia State Highway 33



</doc>
<doc id="7004678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004678" title="Screen sinatra">
Screen sinatra



</doc>
<doc id="7004682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004682" title="Nausicaä in the Nick of Time">
Nausicaä in the Nick of Time



</doc>
<doc id="7004687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004687" title="A sun came!">
A sun came!



</doc>
<doc id="7004691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004691" title="Not Bad for No Tour">
Not Bad for No Tour



</doc>
<doc id="7004692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004692" title="Virginia State Highway 36">
Virginia State Highway 36



</doc>
<doc id="7004696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004696" title="Sentronic">
Sentronic



</doc>
<doc id="7004697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004697" title="Olymat">
Olymat



</doc>
<doc id="7004698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004698" title="Anchorage, Alaska">
Anchorage, Alaska

Anchorage, officially the Municipality of Anchorage, is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Alaska. With a population of 291,247 at the 2020 census, it contains nearly 40 percent of the state's population. The Anchorage metropolitan area, which includes Anchorage and the neighboring Matanuska-Susitna Borough, had a population of 398,328 in 2020, accounting for more than half the state's population. At of land area, the city is the fourth-largest by area in the U.S.
Anchorage is in Southcentral Alaska, at the terminus of the Cook Inlet, on a peninsula formed by the Knik Arm to the north and the Turnagain Arm to the south. First settled as a tent city near the mouth of Ship Creek in 1915 when construction on the Alaska Railroad began, Anchorage was incorporated as a city in November 1920. In September 1975, the City of Anchorage merged with the Greater Anchorage Area Borough, creating the Municipality of Anchorage. The municipal city limits span , encompassing the urban core, a joint military base, several outlying communities, and almost all of Chugach State Park. Because of this, less than 10 percent of the Municipality (or Muni) is populated, with the highest concentration of people in the 100 square-mile area that makes up the city proper, on a promontory at the headwaters of the inlet, commonly called Anchorage, the City of Anchorage, or the Anchorage Bowl.
Due to its location, almost equidistant from New York City, Tokyo, and Murmansk, Russia (straight over the North Pole), Anchorage lies within 10 hours by air of nearly 90 percent of the inhabited global north. For this reason, Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport is a common refueling stop for international cargo flights and home to a major FedEx hub, which the company calls a "critical part" of its global network of services.
Anchorage has won the All-America City Award four times: in 1956, 1965, 1984–85, and 2002, from the National Civic League. Kiplinger has named it the United States' most tax-friendly city.
History.
Archaeological evidence discovered at Beluga Point just south of Anchorage, along the Turnagain Arm, suggests that habitation of the Cook Inlet began 5,000 years ago by a group of Alutiiq people who arrived by kayak. As this population moved on, they were followed by a second wave of Alutiiq occupation beginning roughly 4,000 years ago, followed by a third wave around 2,000 years ago. Around 500 AD the Chugach Alutiiq were displaced by the arrival of Dena'ina Athabaskans, who entered through the mountain passes. The Dena'ina had no fixed settlements, migrating throughout the area with the seasonal changes, fishing along coastal streams and rivers in the summer, hunting moose, mountain goats, and Dall sheep in early fall, and picking berries in late fall. They tended to winter near trading junctions along common travel routes, where they traded with other Dena'ina and Ahtna tribes from nearby areas.
Captain James Cook was among the first European explorers to map the Alaskan coastline, and many of the geographical features (mountains, islands, rivers, waterways, etc.) still bear the names he gave them. Cook was searching for the fabled Northwest Passage, a route that would provide a shorter means of reaching the Pacific from Europe than the difficult Northeast Passage around the north of Asia, or south around South America. On May 15, 1778, after enduring weeks of hard weather, Cook turned into an inlet between two landmarks he called Cape Douglas and Mount St. Augustine. He anchored his ship, HMS "Resolution", at a place he called "Anchor Point" (later named "Anchorage" as another Anchor Point existed to the south near Homer, Alaska), near a creek he dubbed "Ship Creek" nestled between two large arms (waterways). Cook spent ten days exploring the inlet. He first sent William Bligh to scout the north arm, where he met with the Dena'ina Natives of the Eklutna area, who told him the name of the Knik Arm and that it was not the Northwest Passage, but rather an outlet for two rivers (the Knik and Matanuska Rivers). Cook then sailed south to scout the other arm, and in a bad mood after running the "Resolution" aground on a sandbar on his way back out of the shallow waters, called it "River Turnagain", having found no sign of the passage there either.
In the 19th century, Russian presence in South-Central Alaska was well-established. The Russians placed trading posts along Cook Inlet, such as the Shelikhov-Golikov Company's post at "Niteh" on the Palmer Flats (between the Knik and Matanuska Rivers), which in turn created small agricultural communities in Ninilchik, Seldovia, and Eklutna. The Russians also introduced diseases such as smallpox that had devastating effects on the local Native population, which plummeted by half just 10 years after the first census.
In 1867, U.S. Secretary of State William H. Seward brokered a deal to purchase Alaska from Imperial Russia for $7.2 million, or about two cents an acre ($ million in dollars). His political rivals lampooned the deal as "Seward's folly", "Seward's icebox" and "Walrussia". In 1888, gold was discovered along Turnagain Arm just south of modern-day Anchorage, leading to a new influx of prospectors, and small towns such as Spenard, Hope, Rainbow, Bird, Indian, and Girdwood began to spring up.
Alaska became an organized incorporated United States territory in 1912. Anchorage, unlike every other large town in Alaska south of the Brooks Range, was neither a fishing nor mining camp. The area surrounding Anchorage lacks significant economic metal ores. A number of Dena'ina settlements existed along Knik Arm for years. By 1911 the families of J. D. "Bud" Whitney and Jim St. Clair lived at the mouth of Ship Creek and were joined there by a young forest ranger, Jack Brown, and his bride, Nellie, in 1912.
The city grew from its happenstance choice as a site for railroad construction to begin in 1914. The waters near Ship Creek were deep enough for barges and small ships to dock, and under the direction of Frederick Mears, it became a railroad-construction port for the Alaska Engineering Commission. The area near the mouth of Ship Creek, where the railroad headquarters was, quickly became a tent city. Anchorage formed at a time when proponents of Prohibition were gaining traction, and as part of an effort to stem the flow of the alcohol trade, at the direction of President Woodrow Wilson and with the symmetry of the US Army, a town site was mapped out on higher ground to the south of the tent city, with the condition that a person's land could be repossessed if caught breaking the alcohol laws. Anchorage has been noted in the years since for its order and rigidity compared with other Alaska town sites. In 1915, territorial governor John Franklin Alexander Strong encouraged residents to change the city's name to one that had "more significance and local associations". In the summer of that year, residents held a vote to change the city's name; a plurality favored the name "Alaska City", but the territorial government ultimately declined to change the city's name. Anchorage was incorporated on November 23, 1920.
Construction of the Alaska Railroad continued until its completion in 1923. The city's economy in the 1920s and 1930s centered on the railroad. Colonel Otto F. Ohlson, the Swedish-born general manager of the railroad for nearly two decades, became a symbol of residents' contempt due to the firm control he maintained over the railroad's affairs, which by extension became control over economic and other aspects of life in Alaska.
Between the 1930s and the 1950s, the city experienced massive growth as air transportation and the military became increasingly important. Aviation operations in Anchorage commenced along the firebreak south of town (today's Delaney Park Strip), which residents also used as a golf course. An increase in air traffic led to clearing of a site directly east of town site boundaries starting in 1929; this became Merrill Field, which served as Anchorage's primary airport during the 1930s and 1940s, until Anchorage International Airport superseded it in 1951. Merrill Field still sees a significant amount of general aviation traffic.
Elmendorf Air Force Base and the United States Army's Fort Richardson were constructed in the 1940s, and served as the city's primary economic engine until the 1968 Prudhoe Bay discovery shifted the thrust of the economy toward the oil industry.
The Good Friday earthquake of March 27, 1964, hit Anchorage hard at a magnitude of 9.2, killing 115 people and causing $116 million in damages ($750 million in dollars). The earth-shaking event lasted nearly five minutes; most structures that failed remained intact for the first few minutes then failed with repeated flexing. It was the world's fourth-largest earthquake in recorded history. Broadcaster Genie Chance has been credited with holding Anchorage together, as she immediately rushed to the Anchorage Public Safety Building and stayed on the KENI airwaves for almost 24 continuous hours. Chance, effectively designated as the public safety officer by the city's police chief, was instrumental in Anchorage's relief and recovery efforts as she coordinated response efforts, connected urgent needs with available resources, disseminated information of available shelters and food sources, and passed messages among loved ones over the air, reuniting families. Because the city and surrounding suburban area was built on top ground consisting of glacial silt, the prolonged shaking from the earthquake caused soil liquefaction, leading to massive cracks in roadways and collapse of large swaths of land. One of Anchorage's most affected residential areas, the Turnagain neighborhood, saw dozens of homes originally at 250 to 300 feet above sea level sink to sea level. Rebuilding and recovery dominated the remainder of the 1960s.
In 1968, ARCO discovered oil in Prudhoe Bay on the Alaska North Slope, and the resulting oil boom spurred further growth in Anchorage. In 1975, the City of Anchorage and the Greater Anchorage Area Borough (which includes Eagle River, Girdwood, Glen Alps, and several other communities) merged into the geographically larger Municipality of Anchorage The city continued to grow in the 1980s, and capital projects and an aggressive beautification campaign took place.
Several attempts have been made to move Alaska's state capital from Juneau to Anchorage, or to a site closer to Anchorage. The motivation is straightforward: the "railbelt" between Anchorage and Fairbanks contains most of Alaska's population. Robert Atwood, owner of the "Anchorage Times" and a tireless booster for the city, championed the move. Alaskans rejected attempts to move the capital in 1960 and 1962, but in 1974, as Alaska's center of population moved away from Southeast Alaska and to the railbelt, voters approved it. Communities such as Fairbanks and much of rural Alaska opposed moving the capital to Anchorage for fear of concentrating more power in the state's largest city. As a result, in 1976, voters approved a plan to build a new capital city near Willow, about north of Anchorage. In the 1978 election, opponents to the move reacted by campaigning to defeat a nearly $1 billion bond issue to fund construction of the new capitol building and related facilities ($ billion in dollars). Later attempts to move the capital or the legislature to Wasilla, north of Anchorage, also failed. Anchorage has over twice as many state employees as Juneau, and is to a considerable extent the center of Alaska's state and federal government activity.
The 2025 Russia–United States Summit, a summit meeting between United States president Donald Trump and Russian president Vladimir Putin. Was held on August 15, 2025, at Joint Base Elmendorf–Richardson in Anchorage, Alaska.
Geography.
Anchorage is in Southcentral Alaska. At 61 degrees north, it lies slightly farther north than Oslo, Stockholm, Helsinki and Saint Petersburg, but not as far north as Reykjavík or Murmansk. It is northeast of the Alaska Peninsula, Kodiak Island, and Cook Inlet, due north of the Kenai Peninsula, northwest of Prince William Sound and the Alaska Panhandle, and nearly due south of Denali.
The city is on a strip of coastal lowland and extends up the lower alpine slopes of the Chugach Mountains. Point Campbell, the westernmost point of Anchorage on the mainland, juts out into Cook Inlet near its northern end, at which point it splits into two arms. To the south is Turnagain Arm, a fjord that has some of the world's highest tides. Knik Arm, another tidal inlet, lies to the west and north. The Chugach Mountains on the east form a boundary to development, but not to the city limits, which encompass part of the wild alpine territory of Chugach State Park.
The city's sea coast consists mostly of treacherous mudflats. Newcomers and tourists are warned not to walk in this area because of extreme tidal changes and the very fine glacial silt. Unwary victims have walked onto the solid seeming silt revealed when the tide is out and have become stuck in the mud. The two recorded instances of this occurred in 1961 and 1988.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the municipality has an area of 1,961.1 square miles (5,079.2 km2); 1,697.2 square miles (4,395.8 km2) of which is land and 263.9 square miles (683.4 km2) of it is water. The total area is 13.5% water.
Boroughs and census areas next to the Municipality of Anchorage are Matanuska-Susitna Borough to the north, Kenai Peninsula Borough to the south and Chugach Census Area to the east. The Chugach National Forest, a national protected area, extends into the southern part of the municipality, near Girdwood and Portage.
Wildlife.
A diverse wildlife population exists within urban Anchorage and the surrounding area. Approximately 250 black bears and 60 grizzly bears live in the area. Bears are regularly sighted within the city. Moose are also a common sight; in the Anchorage Bowl, there is a summer population of approximately 250 moose, increasing to as many as 1,000 during the winter. They are a hazard to drivers, with over 100 moose killed by cars each year. Two people were stomped to death, in 1993 and 1995, in Anchorage. Cross-country skiers and dog mushers using city trails have been charged by moose on numerous occasions; the Alaska Department of Fish and Game has to kill some individual aggressive moose in the city every year. Dall sheep are often viewed quite close to the road at Windy Point.
In addition, approximately thirty northern timber wolves reside in the Anchorage area. In 2007, several dogs were killed by timber wolves while on walks with their owners. There are also beaver dams in local creeks and lakes, and sightings of foxes and kits in parking lots close to wooded areas in the spring are common. Along the Seward Highway headed toward Kenai, there are common sightings of beluga whales in the Turnagain Arm. Lynxes are occasionally sighted in Anchorage as well. Within the Municipality there are also a number of streams that host salmon runs. Fishing for salmon at Ship Creek next to downtown is popular in the summer.
Climate.
Anchorage has a subarctic climate (Köppen climate classification: Dfc on the borderline of Dfb, Trewartha "Eolo" bordering on "Dclo"), with strong maritime influences that lead to a relatively moderate climate, in contrast to the much more continental Fairbanks. Most of its precipitation falls in late summer. Average daytime summer temperatures range from approximately ; average daytime winter temperatures are about . Anchorage has a frost-free growing season that averages slightly over 101 days. According to local folklore, when a native plant called fireweed goes to seed after a full bloom, the first snowfall of winter is 6 weeks away.
Average January low and high temperatures at Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport (ANC) are with an average winter snowfall of . The 2011–2012 winter had , which made it the snowiest winter on record, topping the 1954–1955 winter with . The coldest temperature ever recorded at the original weather station at Merrill Field on the East end of 5th Avenue was on February 3, 1947.
Summers are mild (although cool compared to the contiguous US and even interior Alaska), and it can rain frequently, although not abundantly. Average July low and high temperatures are and the highest reading ever recorded was on July 4, 2019. The average annual precipitation at the airport is . Anchorage's latitude causes summer days to be very long and winter daylight hours to be very short. The city is often cloudy during the winter, which further decreases the amount of sunlight experienced by residents.
The coldest daily maximum recorded in Anchorage was on January 28, 1989, while the coldest daily maximum on average between 1991 and 2020 was . Warm summer nights do not occur even with the bayside location and extensive daylight; the mildest night on record was on July 10, 2005, August 13, 2019, and August 14, 2019. The mean temperature is .
Due to its proximity to active volcanoes, ash hazards are a significant, though infrequent, occurrence. The most recent notable volcanic activity centered on the multiple eruptions of Mount Redoubt during March–April 2009, resulting in a high ash cloud as well as ash accumulation throughout the Cook Inlet region. Previously, the most active recent event was an August 1992 eruption of Mount Spurr, which is west of the city. The eruption deposited about of volcanic ash on the city. The clean-up of ash resulted in excessive demands for water and caused major problems for the Anchorage Water and Wastewater Utility.
The average temperature of the sea ranges from in February to in August.
Demographics.
Anchorage first appeared on the 1920 U.S. census. It incorporated that same year, and in 1975 it was consolidated with its borough.
2020 census.
At the 2020 census, Anchorage had 291,247 people. Racial makeup was 63.8% White (57.1% were non-Hispanic or Latino), 10.0% Asian, 9.1% American Indian or Alaska Native, 6.0% African American, and 8.4% from two or more races; 9.4% of the people were Hispanic or Latino. The age distribution was 6.9% of the population under the age of 5; 24.0% under 18; 64.3% aged 18–64; and 11.7% aged 65 and up. 50.9% of residents were male; 49.1% were female. Veterans were 9.3% of all residents and 10.9% of residents born outside the United States. There were 119,276 housing units and 106,567 households; the average household size was 2.69 persons. In 17.8% of households, a language other than English was spoken at home. 95.9% of households had a computer; 90.0% of households had broadband Internet connections. 93.9% of the population had a high school diploma or higher, and 36.1% had a Bachelor's degree or higher. 8.4% of the population under the age of 65 had a disability with 11.1% of the same age group having no health insurance. 68.5% of the population were in the civilian labor force. The median household income was $84,928 and the per capita income from May 2019 – April 2020 was $41,415. The poverty rate was 9.5%.
The most reported detailed ancestries in 2020 were:
2010 census.
According to the 2010 census, Anchorage had a population of 291,826 and its racial and ethnic composition was as follows:
According to the 2010 census, the largest national ancestry groups were as follows: 17.3% German, 10.8% Irish, 9.1% English, 6.9% Scandinavian (3.6% Norwegian, 2.2% Swedish, 0.6% Danish) and 5.6% French/French Canadian ancestry.
According to the 2010 American Community Survey, approximately 82.3% of residents over the age of five spoke only English at home. Spanish was spoken by 3.8% of the population; speakers of other Indo-European languages made up 3.0% of the population; those who spoke Asian and Pacific Islander languages at home were 9.1%; and speakers of other languages made up 1.8%.
In 2010, there were 291,826 people, 107,332 households and 70,544 families residing in the municipality. The population density was . There were 113,032 housing units at an average density of . There were 107,332 households, out of which 33.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were married couples living together, 11.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.6% had a male householder with no wife present, and 34.3% were non-families. 24.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.19. The age distribution was 26.0% under 18, 11.2% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 7.2% who were 65 or older. The median age was 32.9 years. 50.8% of the population was male and 49.2% were female.
The median income for a household in the municipality was $73,004, and the median income for a family was $85,829. The per capita income for the municipality was $34,678. About 5.1% of families and 7.9% of the population were below the poverty line. Of the city's population over the age of 25, 33.7% held a bachelor's degree or higher, and 92.1% had a high school diploma or equivalent.
Languages.
In 2010, 83.7% (220,304) of Anchorage residents aged five and older spoke only English at home, while 4.5% (11,769) spoke Spanish, 2.5% (6,654) Tagalog, 1.6% (4,108) various Pacific Island languages, 1.4% (3,636) various Native American/Alaska Native languages, 1.1% (2,994) Korean, 0.6% (1,646) German, 0.6% (1,502) Hmong, 0.5% (1,307) Russian, and Japanese was spoken as a main language by 0.5% (1,185) of the population over the age of five. In total, 16.3% (43,010) of Anchorage's population aged five and older spoke a mother language other than English.
, 94 languages were spoken by students in the Anchorage School District.
Ancestry.
In 1993, the Alaska Chinese Association (ACA, ) stated that there were about 500-600 people of Chinese ancestry in that city. They volunteered to assist survivors of China Eastern Airlines Flight 583 that year.
Economy.
Anchorage's largest economic sectors include transportation, military, municipal, state and federal government, tourism, corporate headquarters (including regional headquarters for multinational corporations) and resource extraction. Large portions of the local economy depend on Anchorage's geographical location and surrounding natural resources. Anchorage's economy traditionally has seen steady growth, though not quite as rapid as many places in the lower 48 states. With the notable exception of a real estate-related crash in the mid-to-late 1980s, which saw the failure of numerous financial institutions, it does not experience as much pain during economic downturns.
The Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport (TSAIA) is the world's fourth busiest airport for cargo traffic, surpassed only by Memphis, Hong Kong, and Shanghai Pudong. This traffic is strongly linked to Anchorage's location along great circle routes between Asia and the lower 48. In addition, the airport has an abundant supply of jet fuel from in-state refineries in North Pole and Kenai. This jet fuel is transported to the Port of Anchorage, then by rail or pipeline to the airport.
The Port of Anchorage receives 95 percent of all goods destined for Alaska. Ships from Totem Ocean Trailer Express and Horizon Lines arrive twice weekly from the Port of Tacoma in Washington. Along with handling these activities, the port is a storage facility for jet fuel from Alaskan refineries, which is used at both TSAIA and Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson (JBER).
The existing port was substantially built in the late 1950s and is reaching the end of its useful life. Beginning in 2017, the Port of Anchorage is undertaking an extensive 7-year Anchorage Port Modernization Project to upgrade its aging infrastructure, support larger deeper draft vessels, and future proof the port seismically and environmentally for another 75 years.
The United States military has two large installations, Elmendorf Air Force Base and Fort Richardson, which originally stemmed from the branching off of the U.S. Air Force from the U.S. Army following World War II. In a cost-cutting effort initiated by the 2005 BRAC proceedings, the bases were combined. JBER was created, which also incorporated Kulis Air National Guard Base near TSAIA. The combination of these three bases employ approximately 8,500 civilian and military personnel. These individuals along with their families comprise approximately ten percent of the local population. During the Cold War, Elmendorf became an important base due to its proximity to the Soviet Union, particularly as a command center for numerous forward air stations established throughout the western reaches of Alaska (most of which have since closed).
While Juneau is the official state capital of Alaska, more state employees reside in the Anchorage area. Approximately 6,800 state employees work in Anchorage compared to about 3,800 in Juneau. The State of Alaska purchased the Bank of America Center (which it renamed the Robert B. Atwood Building) to house most of its offices, after several decades of leasing space in the McKay Building (now the McKinley Tower) and later the Frontier Building.
The resource sector, mainly petroleum, is arguably Anchorage's most visible industry, with many high-rise buildings bearing the logos of large multinationals such as Hilcorp and ConocoPhillips. While field operations are centered on the Alaska North Slope and south of Anchorage around Cook Inlet, the majority of offices and administration are found in Anchorage. The headquarters building of ConocoPhillips Alaska, a subsidiary of ConocoPhillips, is in downtown Anchorage. It is also the tallest building in Alaska. Many companies who provide oilfield support services are likewise headquartered outside of Anchorage but maintain a substantial presence in the city, most notably Arctic Slope Regional Corporation and CH2M Hill.
Four small airlines, Alaska Central Express, Era Aviation, Hageland Aviation Services, and PenAir, are headquartered in Anchorage. Alaska Airlines (at one point headquartered in Anchorage, but now headquartered in the Seattle area), has major offices and facilities at TSAIA, including the offices of the Alaska Airlines Foundation. Prior to their respective dissolutions, airlines MarkAir, Reeve Aleutian Airways and Wien Air Alaska were also headquartered in Anchorage. The Reeve Building, at the corner of West Sixth Avenue and D Street, was spared the wrecking ball when the city block it sits on was cleared to make way for the Anchorage 5th Avenue Mall, and was incorporated into the mall's structure. In 2013, "Forbes" named Anchorage among its list of Best Places for Business and Careers.
Five Alaska Native regional corporations are based in Anchorage: The Aleut Corporation, Bristol Bay Native Corporation, Calista Corporation, Chugach Alaska Corporation, and Cook Inlet Region, Inc.
Anchorage does not levy a sales tax. However, it charges a 12% bed tax on hotel stays and an 8% tax on car rentals. Since about 2000, in response to strong revenue and occupancy rates, major hotel developers from the Lower 48 have been building new hotels along C Street from International Airport Road to just north of Tudor Road, with two more to open in 2017, making this half-mile stretch of C Street a new "hotel row". From Anchorage people can easily head south to popular fishing locations on the Kenai Peninsula or north to locations such as Denali National Park and Fairbanks.
Arts.
Located next to Town Square Park in downtown Anchorage, the Alaska Center for the Performing Arts is a three-part complex that hosts numerous performing arts events each year. The facility can accommodate more than 3,000 people. In 2000, nearly 245,000 people visited 678 public performances. It is home to eight resident performing arts companies and has featured mega-musicals performed by visiting companies. The center also hosts the International Ice Carving Competition as part of the Fur Rendezvous festival in February.
The Anchorage Concert Association brings 20 to 30 events to the community each year, including Broadway shows like Disney's The Lion King, Les Misérables, Mamma Mia!, The Phantom of The Opera, West Side Story, and others. The Anchorage Chamber Music Festival draws international guest artists and faculty to perform a summer concert series, and teach a Chamber Intensive program for young musicians. The Sitka Summer Music Festival presents an "Autumn Classics" festival of chamber music for two weeks each September on the campus of Alaska Pacific University. Orchestras include the Anchorage Symphony Orchestra and the Anchorage Youth Symphony.
Annually in January, the Anchorage Folk Festival takes place at the University of Alaska Anchorage, featuring concerts, dances, and workshops with featured guest artists and over 130 performances by volunteer singers, dancers, musicians, and storytellers.
The city of Anchorage provides three municipal facilities large enough to hold major events such as concerts, trade shows and conventions. Downtown facilities include the Alaska Center for the Performing Arts, William A. Egan Civic &amp; Convention Center and the recently completed Dena'ina Civic and Convention Center, which will be connected via skybridge to form the Anchorage Civic &amp; Convention District. The Sullivan Arena hosts sporting events as well as concerts and annual trade shows. 
Sports.
National attention focuses on Anchorage on the first Saturday of each March, when the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race kicks off with its ceremonial start downtown on Fourth Avenue. Anchorage is also home to the Fur Rendezvous Open World Championship Sled Dog Races, a three-day dog sled sprint event consisting of three timed races of each. Held each February, the event is part of the annual Fur Rendezvous, a winter sports carnival.
Anchorage is home to three teams in the Alaska Baseball League: the Anchorage Bucs and Anchorage Glacier Pilots, which both play at Mulcahy Stadium, and the Chugiak-Eagle River Chinooks based at Lee Jordan Field in Chugiak.
Anchorage has no professional sports teams. The most recent to call the city home was the Alaska Aces of the ECHL. The Aces were very successful during their time in Anchorage, claiming three league titles, four conference championships, and eight division championship during their 29-year history (1989–2017). The Aces affiliated with various National Hockey League teams, including the Calgary Flames, Minnesota Wild, and Vancouver Canucks. After the 2016–17 season, the team ceased operations and was sold to a group in Portland, Maine, where it became the Maine Mariners in the 2018–19 season. In 2021, the NAHL approved the addition of an expansion team in Anchorage. The expansion team, named the Anchorage Wolverines, began competing in the Midwest Division for the 2021–22 season.
The University of Alaska Anchorage Seawolves are a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association. UAA has Division I teams in gymnastics and hockey, as well as several other Division II teams. UAA sponsors the annual Great Alaska Shootout, an annual NCAA Division I basketball tournament featuring colleges and universities from across the United States along with the UAA team.
Anchorage is the finish line for the Sadler's Ultra Challenge wheelchair race.
The city hosts four rugby clubs: the Bird Creek Barbarians RFC, the Anchorage Thunderbirds, the Mat Valley Maulers RFC, and the Spenard Green Dragons. The season runs from April through September.
The Anchorage Northern Knights gained national attention when they joined the eight-team Eastern Basketball Association in 1977, a league whose nearest competitor was from Anchorage. The Knights captured the 1979–80 league championship, and featured several players who would play in the NBA, most notably Brad Davis, a future player and broadcaster for the Dallas Mavericks. They competed in the renamed Continental Basketball Association for five seasons until the economic recession ended their run in 1982.
The city was the U.S. candidate for hosting the 1992 and 1994 Winter Olympics, but lost to Albertville, France, and Lillehammer, Norway, respectively. Anchorage is a premier cross-country skiing city, in terms of density of groomed trails within the urban core. There are of maintained ski trails in the city, some of which reach downtown. The same trail system also provides access to Chugach State Park, a high alpine park. The Tour of Anchorage is an annual 50-kilometer ski race within the city and was the Host for the 2009 and 2010 US Senior National Cross Country Ski Championship.
Anchorage is also home to Alaska's first WFTDA flat track women's roller derby league, the Rage City Rollergirls.
The Anchorage Football Stadium is also a noteworthy sports venue.
The 1989 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships was played in Anchorage.
Parks and recreation.
Parks, gardens, and wildlife refuges.
Many of Anchorage's parklands are interconnected with green belts that follow the lakes and streams that form the natural watershed, creating water/parkland (blue/green) interfaces in the pluvial flood zones, which helps minimize the risk of floods damaging homes and businesses.
Government and politics.
Anchorage is governed by an elected mayor and 11-member assembly, with the assistance of a city manager. These positions are nonpartisan (as are all municipal elected offices in Alaska): no candidates officially run under any party banner. All 11 members are elected from districts known as sections. Five of the sections elect two members from designated seats, while the remaining section elects one member. Before the 1980 United States census, the single-member section was the one centered around the northern Anchorage communities of Chugiak and Eagle River. Since then, the area encompassing Downtown Anchorage and surrounding neighborhoods has served as the city's single-member section. The mayor (along with members of the school board) is elected in a citywide vote. In practice, major candidates' party affiliation and political ideology are usually well known and highlighted by local media for the purpose of framing debate. The city's mayor is Suzanne LaFrance. Along with seven sister cities in the SCI program, Anchorage has a cultural exchange program with Montenegro.
In the 2017 municipal election, Christopher Constant and Felix Rivera became the first openly gay candidates elected to Anchorage public office.
Anchorage generally leans toward Republican candidates in both state and presidential elections. But since the establishment of the municipality in 1975, there have been two Democratic mayors (Tony Knowles and Mark Begich), each of whom was elected to two consecutive terms and later to statewide office. Downtown, Girdwood, and much of both the west and east parts of town trend Democratic. Areas closest to the military bases, including Eagle River, and south Anchorage are the municipality's most Republican areas. Midtown is relatively moderate. In 2020, Joe Biden became the first Democrat to win Anchorage since Lyndon Johnson in 1964.
Voting trends show that Downtown Anchorage votes Democratic in large margins, while Spenard, Turnagain/Inlet View, and University/Airport Heights are relatively moderate and swing in elections. The remaining Anchorage areas have traditionally trended Republican. In 2018, Anchorage began conducting municipal elections by mail (as directed by the assembly in 2015) and had the highest voter turnout in the city's history.
Anchorage-Eagle River sends 16 representatives (, nine Republicans and seven Democrats) to the 40-member Alaska House of Representatives and eight senators (five Republicans and three Democrats) to the 20-member Senate. When seats from the neighboring Mat-Su Borough are added, more than half the Alaska state legislature comes from the Anchorage metropolitan area. This is often used as an argument for moving the state capital from Juneau to the Anchorage area.
Public safety.
With a reported strength of 383 sworn officers, the Anchorage Police Department is the largest police department in the state, serving an area of 159 square miles with a population of 300,950. Until 2016, Alaska State Troopers provided policing for the southern regions of Anchorage along Turnagain Arm. After their withdrawal, Girdwood contracted with the neighboring city of Whittier for its policing, and the following year APD provided contract policing to other Turnagain Arm communities. The Fire &amp; EMS Operations Division of the Anchorage Fire Department (AFD) includes thirteen fire stations with over 300 personnel covering three rotating 24-hour shifts. Additionally, there are volunteer fire departments in Girdwood and Chugiak and fire departments on Elmendorf Air Force Base and Fort Richardson, as well as the Airport Police and Fire Department.
In 2010, Anchorage reported 837.7 violent crimes per 100,000 population and 3,518.0 property crimes per 100,000 population (see table). Anchorage's crime rate, both for violent and property crimes, is higher than for Alaska as a whole or for the U.S. as a whole. When compared with U.S. cities of similar size, Anchorage has a slightly higher rate of violent crime and a slightly lower rate of property crime. Anchorage, and Alaska in general, have very high rates of sexual assault in comparison with the rest of the country, with Anchorage's annual rate of forcible rapes over three times as high as for the U.S. as a whole. In 2010, the rate of rape for Anchorage was 90.9 per 100,000 population, while the U.S. rate was 27.5 per 100,000 population. Alaska Natives are victimized at a much higher rate than their representation in the population.
The Anchorage Community Survey, a public survey conducted in 2004–05 by the Justice Center at University of Alaska Anchorage, found that overall, Anchorage residents are fairly satisfied with the performance of the Anchorage Police Department. Most survey respondents perceived the justice system to be "somewhat effective" or "very effective" at apprehending and prosecuting criminal suspects, bringing about just outcomes, and reducing crime.
Education.
Public education in all of Anchorage municipality, including Eagle River, Chugiak, Fort Richardson and Elmendorf Air Force Base, is managed by the Anchorage School District, the 87th largest district in the United States, with nearly 50,000 students attending 98 schools. There are also a number of choices in private education, including both religious and non-denominational schools.
Anchorage has four higher-education facilities that offer bachelor's or master's degrees: the University of Alaska Anchorage, Alaska Pacific University, Charter College, and the Anchorage campus of Texas-based Wayland Baptist University. The University of Alaska Fairbanks also has a small Center for Distance Education downtown. Other continuing education facilities in Anchorage include the Grainger Leadership Institute, Nine Star Enterprises, CLE International, Nana Worksafe, and PackBear DBA Barr &amp; Co.
Ninety percent of Anchorage's adults have high-school diplomas, 65 percent have attended one to three years of college, and 17 percent hold advanced degrees.
Anchorage has the most ethnically diverse schools in the United States, including the three most diverse high schools, the three most diverse middle schools, and the 19 most diverse elementary schools. Even the least diverse schools in Anchorage rank in the top 1% nationally.
The Chugach School District operates neighborhood schools in Valdez–Cordova Census Area, Alaska, as well as the supplementary Voyage to Excellence Residential School in Anchorage; its board office is in Anchorage. The Aleutian Region School District, which operates schools in areas of the Aleutian Islands, has its district administrative offices in Anchorage.
Media.
Anchorage's leading newspaper is the "Anchorage Daily News", a citywide daily newspaper. Other newspapers include the "Alaska Star", serving primarily Chugiak and Eagle River, the "Anchorage Press", a free weekly covering mainly cultural topics, and "The Northern Light", the student newspaper of the University of Alaska Anchorage. Anchorage's major network television affiliates are KTUU 2 (NBC), KTBY 4 (Fox), KAUU 5 (CBS/MyNetworkTV), KYUR 13 (ABC/CW), and KDMD 33 (Ion/MeTV). KAKM (channel 7) and KTVA (channel 11) are PBS member stations with the latter station serving as a satellite for the former. Anchorage is one hour behind the Pacific Time Zone, and receives the same network feed as the West Coast. Weekday primetime runs from 7 to 10 pm. Effectively, programs are viewed at the same local hour as those in the Central Time Zone. The city's only cable television provider is General Communication, Inc. (GCI). However, Dish Network and DirecTV offer satellite television service in Anchorage and the surrounding area using East Coast feeds.
There are many radio stations in Anchorage; see List of radio stations in Alaska for more information.
Health and utilities.
Providence Alaska Medical Center on Providence Drive in Anchorage is the largest hospital in Alaska and is part of Providence Health &amp; Services in Alaska, Washington, Oregon, and California. It features the state's most comprehensive range of services. Providence Health System has a history of serving Alaska, beginning when the Sisters of Providence of Montreal first brought health care to Nome in 1902. As the territory grew during the following decades, so did efforts to provide care. Hospitals were opened in Fairbanks in 1910 and Anchorage in 1937.
Alaska Regional Hospital on DeBarr Road opened in 1958 as Anchorage Presbyterian Hospital, downtown at 825 L Street. This predecessor to Alaska Regional was a joint venture between local physicians and the Presbyterian Church. In 1976 the hospital moved to its present location on DeBarr Road, and is now a 254-bed licensed and accredited facility. Alaska Regional has expanded services and in 1994, Alaska Regional joined with HCA, one of the nation's largest healthcare providers.
Alaska Native Medical Center on Tudor Road provides medical care and therapeutic health care to Alaska natives—229 tribes—at the Anchorage site and at 15 satellite facilities throughout the state. ANMC specialists also travel to clinics in the bush to provide care. The 150-bed hospital is also a teaching center for the University of Washington's regional medical education program. ANMC houses an office of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium and Southcentral Foundation jointly own and manage ANMC.
Electric power in the Anchorage area is provided by Chugach Electric Association, a nonprofit, member-owned cooperative founded in 1948. From 1932 to 2020, the Municipality of Anchorage operated its own electric utility, Municipal Light &amp; Power (ML&amp;P). Historically, ML&amp;P served the older, more urbanized regions of the city, while Chugach served newer areas of town, suburbs, and rural areas. Chugach acquired ML&amp;P in 2020, with the sale finalized in October. Post-acquisition, the Chugach cooperative had over 92,000 members.
Most homes have natural gas-fueled heat. ENSTAR Natural Gas Company is the sole provider for Anchorage, servicing some 90-percent of the city's population.
The Municipality of Anchorage owns and operates the Anchorage Water and Wastewater Utility, serving some 55,000 customer accounts with water from Eklutna Lake, which is mainly meltwater from Eklutna Glacier. Anchorage Municipal Solid Waste Services and Anchorage Refuse conduct trash removal in the city depending on location.
Transportation.
Major highways.
Alaskans do not use numerical route designations in everyday discourse, preferring the named designations—in this case the Seward Highway (for AK-1 south of the city), the Glenn Highway (for AK-1 northeast of the city), and the Parks Highway (for AK-3).
Highway to Highway.
On and off since the 1960s, the Alaska Department of Transportation &amp; Public Facilities, in coordination with the Federal Highway Administration and the Municipality of Anchorage (or the lineal predecessors of those entities), have been exploring the concept of a roadway connecting the endpoints of the Seward and Glenn highways. The project is called "Highway to Highway", and the most recent concept for this project is that of a "trenched" freeway through the heart of Anchorage.
Highway to Highway was included in the 2005 Long Range Transportation Plan, and would cost at least $575 million ($ million in dollars). – by far the largest urban infrastructure project in Alaska's history.
Public transit.
Anchorage has a bus system called People Mover, with a hub downtown and satellite hubs at Dimond Center and Muldoon Mall. The People Mover provides carpool organization services. The public paratransit service known as AnchorRides provides point-to-point accessible transportation services to seniors and those who experience disabilities.
Rail.
The Alaska Railroad offers year-round freight service along the length of its rail system between Seward (the southern terminus of the system), Fairbanks (the northern terminus of the system), and Whittier (a deep water, ice-free port). Daily passenger service is available during summer (May 15 – September 15), but is reduced to one round-trip per week between Anchorage and Fairbanks during the winter. Passenger terminals exist at Talkeetna, Denali National Park, Fairbanks, and several other locations. These communities are also served by bus line from Anchorage. The Ship Creek Shuttle connects downtown with the Ship Creek area, including stops at the Alaska Railroad depot.
Anchorage also is conducting a feasibility study on a commuter rail and light rail system. For the commuter rail system, Anchorage would use existing Alaska Railroad tracks to provide service to Whittier, Palmer, Seward, Wasilla, and Eagle River.
Air transport.
The Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport, south of downtown Anchorage, is the airline hub for the state, served by many national and international airlines, including Seattle-based Alaska Airlines as well as many intrastate airlines and charter air services. The airport is the primary international air freight gateway in the nation. By weight, five percent of the value of all United States international air cargo moved through Anchorage in 2008. During the COVID-19 pandemic, it was briefly the busiest airport in the United States due to sustained volume of cargo flights through Alaska while passenger travel sharply decreased in other American airports. Next to Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport is Lake Hood Seaplane Base, the largest Seaplane Base in the world. Merrill Field, a general aviation airport on the edge of downtown, was the 87th-busiest airport in the nation in 2010. There are also ten smaller private (mostly Department of Transportation) general aviation airports within the city limits.
Sister cities.
Anchorage has seven sister cities.

</doc>
<doc id="7004699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004699" title="Economic Freedom Fund">
Economic Freedom Fund

The Economic Freedom Fund (EFF) is a 527 group started in 2006 by Bob J. Perry, with a $5 million donation. Only one person is officially associated with the group: Charles H. Bell Jr., a lawyer from California, who is the general counsel for the California Republican Party, and the Republican National Lawyers Association's vice president for the election education advisory council.
The $5 million initial donation makes the EFF one of the top ten 527 groups in the 2006 election cycle in terms of receipts.
EFF says its aim is to "educate the public concerning issues related to the preservation of economic freedom, the promotion of economic growth and prosperity for the people of the United States of America."
Focus of efforts.
All of EFF's campaign ads to date attack Democratic candidates. So far the attacks have been on:
Push polls.
Indiana.
In September 2006, the group may have violated a 1988 Indiana law that bars companies from placing a prerecorded, automated call to a person unless a real person, in a live conversation, first speaks and gets permission to play the recorded portion of the call. The calls were in support of incumbent Representative Mike Sodrel, and were a classic push poll, designed to smear Sodrel's opponent, Baron Hill, while appearing to be a legitimate survey. After at least seven complaints were made to the state attorney general's office, the campaign notified the office that they had halted the calls. The Indiana law allows for a penalty of up to $5,000 per violation (per call made, not per complaint).
In late September, FreeEats.com, the northern Virginia company that makes automated political phone calls, filed a lawsuit in federal court in Indianapolis, asking that the court direct the Indiana attorney general to stop enforcing the state law. The company argued that the state law violated free speech rights under the United States and Indiana constitutions, and that the ban was an unconstitutional restraint on interstate commerce.
Indiana attorney general Steve Carter sued the EFF earlier in September, in Brown County Circuit Court after receiving 12 consumer complaints about the calls. The state's lawsuit seeks injunctions to stop them and fines of $5,000 for each violation. A hearing in the case is set for September 27.
Other states.
The group apparently used the same "push poll" approach in races in Iowa and Georgia in September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="7004705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004705" title="Harold McGraw III">
Harold McGraw III

Harold Whittlesey "Terry" McGraw III (born August 30, 1948) is an American businessman and is the chairman emeritus of McGraw Hill Financial (now S&amp;P Global and formerly McGraw-Hill Companies).
He served as chief executive officer of the company from 1998 through 2013, and was president from 1993 to 2013 and chairman from 2000 to 2015. He was the Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce and very active on trade issues on the world stage. He has been Chairman of the Business Roundtable, an association of CEOs of American companies.
Biography.
McGraw attended Salisbury School for his high school years. McGraw received an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania in 1976 and a B.A. from Tufts University in 1972.
McGraw-Hill.
McGraw was elected president and chief operating officer of McGraw-Hill in 1993, CEO in 1998, and chairman in December 1999. He was a member of the corporation's board of directors from 1987 to 2015.
As CEO, he led the consolidation of 15 diverse units into three business segments, each a market leader.
McGraw joined The McGraw-Hill Companies in 1980 and was vice president, Corporate Planning; publisher, "Aviation Week &amp; Space Technology"; president, McGraw-Hill Publications Company; and president, McGraw-Hill Financial Services Company. While CEO of McGraw-Hill in 2009, McGraw earned a total compensation of $5,905,317, which included a base salary of $1,390,500, a cash bonus of $1,261,000, stock granted of $924,060, options granted of $1,854,583, and other compensation of $475,174.
In 1999, McGraw and his father Harold McGraw, Jr. accepted the Honor Award from the National Building Museum on behalf of the McGraw-Hill Companies, which were recognized for their contributions to the U.S.'s built environment.
Other work.
McGraw was chairman of the Business Roundtable's International Trade &amp; Investment Task Force from October 2003 through 2006. In that post, he led the task force's efforts to work with CEO groups in other countries and to support free trade agreements. The group makes up more than a third of the total value of the U.S. stock market, 60 percent of total corporate philanthropic donations in the country and almost half of all private research and development funding in the U.S.
McGraw is Chairman of the United States Council for International Business and Chairman of the US President's Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations. Previously he also served as Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce. McGraw sits on the steering committee of the China–United States Exchange Foundation.
He is a member of the board of directors of United Technologies and of Phillips 66 and a member of the Business Council. In the past he served as a member of President George W. Bush's Transition Advisory Committee on Trade.
McGraw is also chairman of the National Council on Economic Education; co-chair of Carnegie Hall's Corporate Leadership Committee and member of its Board of Trustees; member of the boards of the New York Public Library, National Organization on Disability, National Academy Foundation, Partnership for New York City, National Actors Theater and Prep for Prep.
McGraw is Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce, Chairman of the United States Council for International Business and Chairman of the US President's Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations. He is a member of the board of directors of United Technologies and of Phillips 66 and a member of the Business Council. In the past he served as a member of President George W. Bush's Transition Advisory Committee on Trade.
McGraw was the last Chairman of the now-closed Emergency Committee for American Trade (ECAT).
Personal life.
As of 2006, McGraw lives in Darien, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="7004709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004709" title="Intelligent man's guide to science, The">
Intelligent man's guide to science, The



</doc>
<doc id="7004711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004711" title="Yedioth Achronoth">
Yedioth Achronoth



</doc>
<doc id="7004717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004717" title="Route 76 (Virginia)">
Route 76 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7004721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004721" title="Kahmard District">
Kahmard District

Kahmard District () is a district of Bamyan province in central Afghanistan. The District Capital is Kahmard. It is located at an altitude of 1,475 meters, with a population of 31,042 as of 2003. Kahmard is situated 140 km from Bamiyan city, in the north of the province, and is divided into five valleys (Hajar, Madr, Tangipushta, Ashpusht and DoAb-e-Mekh-I-Zarin).
It was part of Baghlan Province in the past, but in 2005, part of the district was split off to form Sayghan District.
The main river, the Ajar, is an important source of water for the district. Kahmard is considered to be relatively rich. In the past, the district was a hunting ground of the former King Mohammed Zahir Shah. No major destruction of houses, shops, education or health centers took place during the 2001 United States invasion of Afghanistan.
Kahmard has been shaken by rivalries and armed conflicts between Toofan, an ethnic Tajik and former Governor allied to Khalili, and Commander Rahmatullah allied to Mollawi Islamuddin, Governor of Samangan Province.
In mid-June 2002, after fighting between the opposing factions, the district fell to commander Rahmatullah, affiliated with Jamiat and closely involved with the Taliban during the war. Human rights violations have been reported in various parts of the district. On 13 September 2002, Toofan launched an offensive on Kahmard in a bid to take control of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="7004723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004723" title="1789 in art">
1789 in art

 
Events from the year 1789 in art.

</doc>
<doc id="7004727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004727" title="Yediot Achronot">
Yediot Achronot



</doc>
<doc id="7004731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004731" title="Virginia State Highway 86">
Virginia State Highway 86



</doc>
<doc id="7004732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004732" title="Golden Mile District">
Golden Mile District



</doc>
<doc id="7004740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004740" title="Pigeon's Rock">
Pigeon's Rock



</doc>
<doc id="7004741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004741" title="Zosui">
Zosui

, or , is a mild and thin Japanese rice soup akin to a rice-based vegetable soup. It is made from pre-cooked rice and dashi or water seasoned with either soy sauce or miso and cooked with other ingredients such as meat, seafood, mushrooms, and vegetables. It is generally served to those who are sick or otherwise feeling unwell, and is usually only served in the winter.
Leftover soup from nabe is often re-used for zosui. Instead of rice, udon and ramen noodles are recent alternatives.
History.
In the days when it was difficult to keep cooked rice warm, the only way to reuse cold rice was to combine it with miso soup, so this was widely done in households across Japan. Nowadays, it is more often used to make meals for the sick or those feeling unwell rather than in everyday meals.
Varieties.
There are a number of varieties of zōsui, including (made with Chinese softshell turtle), (made with pufferfish), (made with chicken), (made with crab), , and . For home cooking, leftover broth and rice is combined with whatever ingredients are at hand.
Ojiya.
The word ojiya often has the same meaning as zōsui, but was created as part of the "nyōbō kotoba", or "court ladies cant". Its origins are unclear, though it has been suggested that it came from the sound made by the rice cooking, or possibly from "olla", the Spanish word for ceramic cookware (pronounced in Japanese).
Many people use the words ojiya and zosui interchangeably, and usage varies by region and household. However, the following list shows some common differences between them:
Jūshī.
The Okinawan dish (originally ) is considered to be derived from zōsui. However, it is generally made with uncooked rice and far more water is used when making it. This is the origin for the name "jūshī". Strictly speaking, these rice dishes are called (or ), and zosui is (or ). There are a huge variety of styles in which this is made, including using large amounts of lard or margarine. Ingredients like ribs, hijiki, carrots, shiitake, and konjac jelly are also commonly used. Yafarā jūshī commonly contains ribs or pork, , , and .

</doc>
<doc id="7004745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004745" title="SLRI">
SLRI



</doc>
<doc id="7004746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004746" title="Virginia State Highway 87">
Virginia State Highway 87



</doc>
<doc id="7004747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004747" title="Emirates Telecommunications">
Emirates Telecommunications



</doc>
<doc id="7004758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004758" title="Kahmard">
Kahmard

Kahmard () is a town in and the capital of Kahmard District in Bamyan Province in northern Afghanistan.
History.
Kahmard was conquered from Murad Beg, the Khan of Kunduz, by Dost Mohammad Khan in the Afghan Turkestan Campaign of 1838-39.

</doc>
<doc id="7004765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004765" title="Wii Menu">
Wii Menu



</doc>
<doc id="7004769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004769" title="Bernard Wolf">
Bernard Wolf

Bernard "Berny" Wolf (July 18, 1911 - September 7, 2006) was an American animator and television producer.
Biography.
Wolf was born in New York City. His career in animation started either in 1924, or 1927. He began work as an inker on Charles Mintz' Krazy Kat silent shorts as an Inker along with Dave Tendlar. The shorts were being distributed by Paramount Pictures at the time. He moved to Inkwell Studios shortly afterwards a predecessor to Fleischer Studios, where he was hired by Max Fleischer as an Inbetweener on Koko the Clown in the silent The Inkwell Imps series. In 1931 he was promoted to the position of Animator and worked with Seymour Kneitel on the Betty Boop cartoons. While much credit has been given to Grim Natwick for her creation, her transformation into the cute cartoon girl was due to the work of Berny Wolf, Seymour Kneitel, Roland Crandall, and Willard Bowsky, who continued working with her after Natwick left in early February 1931 to direct for Ub Iwerks on the west coast. It was at Fleischer Studios that he met Shamus Culhane and Al Eugster, with whom he would maintain a long personal and professional relationship. The three would leave Fleischer to work briefly for Ub Iwerks, where they worked alongside Grim Natwick.
In 1938, Wolf, Eugster and Culhane moved to Walt Disney Studios. After working briefly in the shorts department, Wolf moved on to features. He was one of the animators of "Pinocchio" and "Fantasia" ("The Pastoral Symphony" Segment). His final work at Disney was on "Dumbo".
Wolf left Disney after the 1941 strike. He briefly provided uncredited work for Tex Avery at MGM before being drafted during World War II. Wolf was assigned to the First Motion Picture Unit, a group of former Hollywood personnel who created short educational films for the American military. After the war, Wolf worked briefly for animator Rudolph Ising and worked on commercials for companies like FilmFair before forming his own company, Animedia Inc. Animedia produced animation for advertising and commercial films. The company also designed some of the costumes used at Walt Disney World, as well as animating segments for "Sesame Street."
Wolf folded Animedia in the 1970s in order to return to animation full-time. He produced several animated features for Hanna Barbera, including 1987's "The Jetsons Meet the Flintstones". He was Producer of "Bobby's World" for Film Roman, and was an uncredited Animator on "". He retired from animation in the 1990s, but continued to provide freelance animation pre-production for Fred Wolf Films, commercial design, and additionally developed mascots for the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas. Wolf died in 2006 at the age of 95.

</doc>
<doc id="7004771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004771" title="SA-N-4 Gecko">
SA-N-4 Gecko



</doc>
<doc id="7004783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004783" title="Socialist Studies">
Socialist Studies

Socialist Studies may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7004786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004786" title="Joseph ibn Tzaddik">
Joseph ibn Tzaddik

Rabbi Joseph ben Jacob ibn Tzaddik (; died 1149) was a Spanish rabbi, poet, and philosopher. A Talmudist of high repute, he was appointed in 1138 dayyan at Cordova, which office he held conjointly with Maimon, father of Maimonides, until his death. Joseph was also a highly gifted poet, as is attested by Alharizi. Several of Joseph's religious poems are found in the Sephardic and African machzorim; and a poem addressed to Judah ha-Levi, on his visit to Cordova en route to Palestine, is included in the latter's diwan.
Microcosmus.
Joseph's reputation rests, however, not on his rabbinical knowledge or his poetical abilities, but on his activity in the field of religious philosophy. In a short treatise written in Arabic (the title being probably "Al-'Alam al-Saghir") and, according to Moritz Steinschneider, translated by Nahum ha-Ma'arabi into Hebrew under the title "Olam Katan", he expounds his views on the most important problems of theology. Though not an original thinker (at every point of his system he borrows very largely from Solomon Ibn Gabirol's "Fons Vitæ"),
he shows himself to be thoroughly familiar with the philosophical and scientific literature of the Arabs, and imposes the stamp of his own individuality on the subjects treated. The "Olam Katan" comprises four main divisions, subdivided into sections. After stating the elementary and primary principles of the knowledge of God, the acquisition of which is the highest duty of man, and explaining how the human soul builds up its conception of things, Joseph treats, in the manner of the Arabic Aristotelians, of matter and form, of substance and accident, and of the composition of the various parts of the world. He concludes the first division with the central idea from which the book is evolved, namely, the comparison between the outer world (macrocosm) and man (microcosm), already hinted at by Plato ("Timæus," 47b), and greatly developed by the Arabian encyclopedists known as "the Brethren of Sincerity," by whom Joseph was greatly influenced.
Conceptions of the higher verities are to be attained by man through the study of himself, who sums up in his own being the outer world. Joseph therefore devotes the second division of his work to the study of physical and psychological man. There is nothing in the world, he holds, that does not find a parallel in man. In him are found the four elements and their characteristics; for he passes from heat to cold, from moisture to dryness. He participates in the nature of minerals, vegetables, and animals: he comes into being and passes out of being like the minerals; nourishes and reproduces himself like the plants; has feeling and life like the animals. Further, he presents analogies to the characteristics of things: his erect figure resembles that of the terebinth; his hair, grass and vegetation; his veins and arteries, rivers and canals; and his bones, the mountains. Indeed, he possesses the characteristics of the animals: he is brave like a lion, timid like a hare, patient like a lamb, and cunning like a fox.
From the physical, Joseph passes on to deal with the psychical man. Man, he says, is made up of three souls, vegetative, animal, and rational. Of these the rational soul is the highest in quality: it is of a spiritual substance; and its accidents are equally spiritual, as, for instance, conception, justice, benevolence, etc. Imbecility, injustice, malice, etc., are not accidents, but are negations of the accidents of conception, justice, and benevolence. Thus from the knowledge of his physical being man derives his conception of the material world; from that of his soul he acquires his conception of the spiritual world; and both of them lead to the cognizance of the Creator.
Theological views.
The third division deals with the doctrine of God, the divine attributes, and similar theological problems. Like Saadia Gaon and Bahya ibn Paquda, though more precisely and more systematically, Joseph proves the creation of the world (and consequently the existence of a Creator) from its finiteness. He criticizes the theory of the Motekallamin (as expounded in the "Machkimat Peti" of Joseph ha-Ro'eh), who assert that the world was produced by the created will of God. For him the will of God has existed from all eternity, and can not be separated from the essence of God. He claims that creation is timeless, and that before the production of the spheres time did not exist.
From the notion of the existence of God results the conception of the uniqueness of God; for the supposition of a plurality in His essence would nullify the notion of His existence. What the unit is to other numbers—forming and embracing them, yet still differing from them in essence—God is to the created beings. With the doctrine of the unity of God is connected the doctrine of the divine attributes. Here Joseph is in advance of his predecessors Saadia Gaon and Bahya ibn Paquda; and, like Maimonides, he concludes that no positive attributes, whether essential or unessential, can be posited of God, who is indefinable.
Ethics.
The fourth division deals with the duties of man, reward and punishment, and resurrection. Man must serve God with all his heart, and carry out all His precepts, though, owing to the weakness of his intellect, he may not grasp the reason for some of them. With Plato, Joseph says that man ought to know three things: (1) that there is a Creator who protects all and disposes of everything; (2) that nothing can be hidden from God; (3) that man can not win the favor of God by sacrifices, but must gain it by good deeds. Joseph asserts man's free will, without which there could be no reward or punishment (see Free Will); and he follows Saadia Gaon in the solution of the problem of God's prescience. The inequality in the distribution of worldly goods, the transitoriness of the world, the relativeness of the happiness procured by worldly goods, are for Joseph so many proofs that reward and punishment can take place only in the next world. He argues against the doctrine of bodily resurrection in the Messianic time. Though not himself a Motazilite, Joseph accepted a number of Motazilite theories and views (Schreiner, "Der Kalam", p. 27).
The "Olam Katan" was little studied in the Middle Ages, and is very rarely quoted. Although paying a high tribute to Joseph's learning, Maimonides, in his letter addressed to Samuel ibn Tibbon ("Pe'er ha-Dor", p. 28b), acknowledges that he has never seen the work, in which, he believes, are expounded the teachings of the Brethren of Sincerity. The "Olam Katan" is cited by David Kimchi, Jedaiah Bedersi, Meir ibn Aldabi, Isaac ibn Latif, and by the author of "Ma'amar Haskel". It was edited for the first time by Adolf Jellinek at Leipsic in 1854. A critical edition was published by S. Horovitz in the "Jahresbericht des Jüd.-Theol. Seminars", Breslau, 1903. Joseph was the author also of an Arabic work on logic, entitled "Al-'Uyun wal-Mudhakarat", quoted in the "Olam Katan".

</doc>
<doc id="7004787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004787" title="CRAIG HILL">
CRAIG HILL



</doc>
<doc id="7004802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004802" title="20-meter circle">
20-meter circle



</doc>
<doc id="7004805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004805" title="Whatever (En Vogue song)">
Whatever (En Vogue song)

"Whatever" is a song by American female vocal group En Vogue. It was written by Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, Keith Andes, and Giuliano Franco for the group’s third studio album, "EV3" (1997), while production was helmed by Edmonds, featuring additional production by Franco. Selected and released as the album's second single, it was the final single from "EV3" to precede the release of its parent album. "Whatever" reached the top 10 in Canada and on the US "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B Singles chart while peaking within the top 20 in Finland, the United Kingdom, and on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Whatever" was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of over 500,000 units.
Background.
"Whatever" was written by Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds, Keith Andes, and Giuliano Franco, while production was overseen by Edmonds. Franco served as a co-producer on the song. As with most on "EV3", "Whatever" marked a breakaway for En Vogue who had worked exclusively with their founders Foster &amp; McElroy throughout most of their career. As the album was nearing completion, Dawn Robinson chose to leave the group in April 1997 for a solo recording contract with Dr. Dre's Aftermath Records after difficult contractual negotiations reached a stalemate. Her abrupt departure from the band forced the remaining trio to re-record several of her original lead vocals; however, not every track was re-recorded, with Robinson's backing vocals remaining intact on "Whatever".
Critical reception.
AllMusic editor Leo Stanley noted that on the track, Babyface is "funkier than [on] his previous work". Larry Flick from "Billboard" described it as a "slap-happy funk throw-down that elevates them miles above the glut of new-jill girl groups they've inspired." He remarked that "despite being reduced to a trio, the act doesn't miss a note vocally. Their harmonies remain distinctive and lush, thanks in large part to the savvy production of Babyface and Giuliano Franco. They dress the act in immediately insinuating beats, ear-grabbing keyboard loops, and guitar licks." J.D. Considine for "Entertainment Weekly" felt the lyrics to "Whatever" "depict a state of frustrated desire". A reviewer from "Music Week" rated it three out of five, viewing it as a "less instant, more downtempo funky groove". The magazine's Alan Jones complimented it as "a sweet jillswing groove that benefits from increasingly complex vocal interplay as it unfolds. It is unlikely to make the same kind of impression as Don't Let Go (Love), but will still be a big hit in the UK." 
Gerald Martinez from "New Straits Times" declared "Whatever" as a "midtempo and funky tune with a catchy chorus." John Mulvey from "NME" stated that it "retains a frankly terrifying power", noting "the sprung minimalism". Laura Jamison from "Salon Magazine" said that Babyface is "concocting a pop song jammed with hooks that don't require profound emotion – perfect for En Vogue. These women can all sing, so when they get an opportunity to wail, they sound great." Ann Powers from "Spin" wrote that "stroking their tender buttons" in the song, En Vogue "bring it all back to the basics of gorgeous harmonies and mind-boggling vocal riffs." She also added Babyface transforming the background vocals of the track "into android-precise sonic effects that bring out the eeriness in En Vogue's flawless form." Ian Hyland from "Sunday Mirror" stated that the hit singles "Whatever" and "Don't Let Go (Love)" may well be brilliant but they only add more spice to a mighty fine collection."
Music video.
The horror movie-inspired music video for "Whatever", directed by Matthew Rolston, features the girls and the doctors disguised as zombies in a modern beauty salon with ""Thriller"-esque hair and makeup". They are surrounded by doctors and nurses dressed in orange outfits performing various surgical procedures. Cindy Herron is shown pulling a face statue in a lightning filled hallway, while she begins the song covering up her face with a mask then removing to sing the first verse, replacing it back after the final chorus. Maxine Jones is seen singing in front of a three-way mirror in a blue dress. Terry Ellis sings in pale zombie-like makeup while wearing a beauty micrometer as a doctor attends to her. Several beauty enhancement procedures are shown in the video – face lifts, breast augmentation, even skin whitening. According to "Vibe", the video was "not warmly received."
Track listings.
The Tumblin' Dice remix of "Whatever" features a rap from Ol' Dirty Bastard while the 200 Watts remix of "Don't Let Go (Love)" features Rah Digga.

</doc>
<doc id="7004815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004815" title="Pulletop bushfire">
Pulletop bushfire

The Pulletop bushfire, officially referred to as the Wandoo fire, started on the 6 February 2006 in hot dry and windy weather conditions approximately southeast of Wagga Wagga in the Australian state of New South Wales. The fire was thought to have been started by sparks from a tractor on a property at Pulletop which quickly got out of control. The New South Wales Rural Fire Service declared a bushfire emergency and the Hume Highway was closed late in the afternoon with fears that the fire would threaten the towns of Humula, Book Book, Livingstone and Kyeamba after of farmland was burnt. By 7 February 2006 milder conditions helped firefighters to control the fire burning in inaccessible country.
Overview.
Over of farmland was burnt and the following damage reported:

</doc>
<doc id="7004822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004822" title="New York State Route 954J">
New York State Route 954J



</doc>
<doc id="7004837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004837" title="Kakkinje">
Kakkinje

Kakkinje is a village located in Dakshina Kannada District of Karnataka State in India and comes under Belthangady Taluk. The village incorporates an eclectic mix of religious denominations, including Christians, Hindus and Muslims. This place is located on the foothills of Western Ghats. Agriculture is the main income of this place. Traditional crops like paddy and arecanut are cultivated in large scale. Recent times rubber cultivation is widely undertaken due to the efforts of Rubber Board of India. Christian settlers from Central Travancore are seen in large numbers.
The nearest airport and railway station is Mangalore which is about 75 km. Puttur railway station along the Mangalore-Bangalore railway line is only about 30 km. Educational institutions have started coming up due to the vibrant economy. The nearest institution of higher education is the SDM College in Ujire.

</doc>
<doc id="7004842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004842" title="Sven Andersson (footballer, born 1963)">
Sven Andersson (footballer, born 1963)

Sven Tommy Andersson (born 6 October 1963) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Beginning his career with Örgryte IS in 1980, he went on to represent IFK Strömstad and Helsingborgs IF before retiring at West Ham United in 2002. A full international for Sweden, he won one cap in 1990 and was a part of his country's 1990 FIFA World Cup squad. He also represented the Sweden Olympic team at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Playing career.
Born in Strömstad near the Norwegian border, he began his professional career in Örgryte IS, a club with which he won the Allsvenskan championship in 1985. He got 1 cap for Sweden, and was called up as a reserve in the Swedish squad for the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy.
In 1993, after having retired from professional football, he was persuaded by Helsingborgs IF to make his comeback. Between 1993 and 2001 he played 233 consecutive Allsvenskan matches, and a total of 268 matches for the club. He was suspended from what was planned to be his last match for HIF due to a red card in his 233rd match.
In 2000, he earned his nickname "San Siro-Sven" with a last-minute penalty save against Inter Milan. In a 2000–01 UEFA Champions League qualifier, Helsingborgs were leading 1–0 on aggregate from the first leg with the second leg delicately poised at 0–0. In the final minute Inter were awarded a penalty but Alvaro Recoba saw his effort saved by Andersson, and Helsingborgs qualified at Inter's expense.
In November 2001 he joined Premier League side West Ham United, but left the following summer having not made an appearance for the club.
Post-playing career.
Today Sven Andersson is the goalkeepers' coach of Helsingborgs IF.

</doc>
<doc id="7004848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004848" title="Fáinne">
Fáinne

 (; pl. "Fáinní" but often "Fáinnes" in English) is the name of a pin badge worn to show fluency in, or a willingness to speak, the Irish language.
The three modern versions of the pin as relaunched in 2014 by Conradh na Gaeilge are the Fáinne Óir (gold circle), Seanfháinne (old fáinne/circle) and Fáinne Airgid (silver circle).
In other contexts, "fáinne" simply means "ring" or "circle" and is also used to give such terms as "fáinne pósta" (wedding ring), "fáinne an lae" (daybreak), "Tiarna na bhFáinní" (The Lord of the Rings), and "fáinne cluaise" (earring).
An Fáinne Úr.
An Fáinne Úr ('úr' meaning 'new') is the modernised rendition of the Fáinne, having been updated in 2014 by Conradh na Gaeilge. There are three versions presently available, none requiring test or certification:
An Fáinne.
Two Irish language organisations, "An Fáinne" (est. 1916) ("The Ring" or "The Circle" in Irish) and the Society of Gaelic Writers (est. 1911), were founded by Piaras Béaslaí (1881–1965).
They were intended to work together to a certain extent, the former promoting the language and awarding those fluent in its speaking with a "Fáinne Óir" (Gold Ring) lapel pin, and the latter would promote and create a pool of quality literary works in the language.
All the personnel actively involved in promoting the concept of An Fáinne were associated with Conradh na Gaeilge, and from an early time, An Fáinne used the Dublin postal address of 25 Cearnóg Pharnell / Parnell Square, the then HQ of Conradh na Gaeilge though the organisations were officially separate, at least at first.
The effectiveness of the organisation was acknowledged in the "Dáil Éireann" on 6 August 1920, when Richard Mulcahy, the "Sinn Féin" "Teachta Dála" for Clontarf suggested that a league on the model of the "Fáinne" for the support of Irish manufactures might be established.
The "Fáinne" lapel pins were, at first, a limited success. They appealed mainly to Nationalists and Republicans, for whom the language was generally learnt as adults as a second language. The appeal to people for whom Irish was the native tongue was limited. They spoke Irish, as did everyone from their village, so there was no point whatsoever wearing a pin to prove it, even if they could have afforded one, or for that matter, even known they existed.
In the early 1920s, many people who earned their "Fáinne" did so in prison, the majority of these being anti-treaty Irish Republican Army (IRA) Volunteers during the Irish Civil War.
History.
According to Piaras Béaslaí's own article in the magazine "Iris An Fháinne" in 1922, he states that in the winter of 1915 the language movement was at a low ebb due to lack of funds and a large portion of the best Gaels being so involved in the work of the volunteers that they were forgetting about speaking Irish. He says he wrote an article in "The Leader" proposing that Gaels establish an association of those who would take a solemn oath to only speak Irish at certain events and to other Gaeilgeoirí and that they should wear a clear symbol.
The article got many letters in favour and against, but two men, Tadhg Ó Scanaill and Colm Ó Murchadha, came to him asking him to organise a meeting towards setting up a council. He says that it was they who set the whole thing up. He says that he went to speak to Cú Uladh (Peadar Mac Fhionnlaíoch 1856–1942), then vice president of Conradh na Gaeilge, and he highly praised the idea.
The meeting was organised for some time in the spring of 1916 in Craobh an Chéitinnigh (the Keating Branch). They went to a 'seanchus' prior to their own meeting in the Ard Chraobh (High Branch) and presented their idea to all those present. They were so taken with the idea that they all came with them to their own meeting in Craobh an Chéitinnigh.
Cú Uladh was there before them and at this meeting and they decided they would (1) form the association and (2) name it "An Fáinne" instead of "An Fáinne Gaedhalach", which was proposed by Colm Ó Murchadha, and three officers were elected to conduct the work of the association.
Piaras supposes that Tadhg Ó Sganaill first thought of the Fáinne (ring) as the symbol. It was an inspired idea, he says, because no one had even thought of this symbol when the name was first proposed.
He states at the end of the article that they had only begun the work of the committee when Easter Week arrived and some of the small amount that were involved were snatched away, but he says, the work continued and the world knows how they well they got on since then.
Recognition.
The consistently high standard required to qualify for the "Fáinne" at this time made them quite prestigious, and there are many reports of people being recruited as night-school teachers of Irish-based purely on the fact they wore the pin.
The President of the Executive Council of the Irish Free State, W. T. Cosgrave acknowledged the "Fáinne" on 8 February 1924 as an indicator of Irish Language proficiency.
Demise.
The fact that the underlying reason many "Fáinne" wearers had studied Irish was political meant that the semi-independence of the Irish Free State, and the later complete independence of the Irish Republic, along with a period of relative peace in the new province of Northern Ireland, meant they had, to some extent, achieved their aim. Twenty years or so later, a "Fáinne" would be a very rare sight. Due to lack of demand they were no longer manufactured, and the organisation had fizzled out.
'An Fáinne Nua'.
"Conradh na Gaeilge" and other Irish-language bodies attempted a revival, circa 1965, of the "Fáinne", which, for a short time at least, became successful: An Fáinne Nua ('The New Fáinne') was marketed with the slogan "Is duitse an Fáinne Nua!" – meaning "The New Fáinne is for you!."
It came in three varieties:
The Gold "Fáinne" was manufactured from 9ct Gold, whilst the other two were sterling silver. The Coloured "Fáinne" also had an enamel blue ring separating two concentric silver circles. The prices for the Gold, Silver and Coloured varieties in 1968 were twelve shillings and sixpence, four shillings and five shillings respectively.
They were popular in Ireland during the 1960s–1970s, but fell into relative disuse shortly afterwards. Included among reasons commonly given for this were that the change in fashion made it impractical to wear a lapel pin; the resumption of hostilities in Northern Ireland making people either not wanting to show publicly a "love for things Irish" for fear of intimidation; or, for the more radical elements to place "Irishness" second to "freedom".
Non-"Fáinne" variations.
"Cúpla Focal" badge.
As "cúpla focal" means "a couple of words". The "Conradh na Gaeilge" website notes that this badge is "Suitable for anyone who has a few words of Irish."
"Béal na nGael".
The "Béal na nGael" (Mouth of the Irish) is a different pin badge that shows a face with spiked hair and an open mouth. It was developed by the students of the Gaelcholáiste Reachrann gaelscoil and marketed primarily to youth in the Dublin Area. "The aim of the badge is to let the world know that the user is both willing and able to speak Irish, and the students say that what they are promoting is 'a practical product to stimulate more peer-to-peer communication through Irish.'"
"The badge won't threaten the place of the "Fáinne", they say, because their target market is an age group which is not wearing the "Fáinne" and which, their market research suggests, is in many cases not even aware that the "Fáinne" exists. They hope this target market will latch on to the badge and wear it as an invitation to others to speak to them in Irish."

</doc>
<doc id="7004861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004861" title="Sea Giant (ship)">
Sea Giant (ship)



</doc>
<doc id="7004866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004866" title="Michael Jordan/Statistics">
Michael Jordan/Statistics



</doc>
<doc id="7004867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004867" title="Desire (Toyah Willcox album)">
Desire (Toyah Willcox album)

Desire is the second solo studio album by English singer Toyah Willcox, released in 1987 by E.G. Records.
Background.
Musically, "Desire" is more typical of Willcox's band's earlier albums rather than its more commercial predecessor "Minx". Most of the songs are once again co-written by Willcox, and while the original release of the album does not feature any musician credits, it features a consistent band line-up, rather than the large number of session musicians involved in "Minx". Robert Fripp and Ronnie Wood play on the album but are uncredited. The album features two cover versions: "Echo Beach", originally recorded by Martha and the Muffins, and "Love's Unkind", originally by Donna Summer. Willcox stated that she was forced to record "Love's Unkind" by her record label, even though she was fiercely opposed to it. E.G. Records threatened to cancel the album's release if she did not. The cover photos were taken by Carrie Branovan.
The lead single, "Echo Beach", became a minor hit in the UK. The second and final single was "Moonlight Dancing", a song about an idea that "the moon is a connection that puts us all together", which contains lyrics from a re-recorded version of "Dawn Chorus". The single failed to chart. The album itself was not a commercial success either and did not enter the album sales chart in the UK. "Desire" was reissued digitally in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="7004877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004877" title="Maillart">
Maillart

Maillart is a surname, and may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="7004887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004887" title="Tim Norris">
Tim Norris

Tim Norris (born October 20, 1957) is a current college head golf coach and a former professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1980s.
Early life.
Norris was born and raised in Fresno, California. He started his collegiate career at Fresno City College before transferring to Fresno State University. In 1979, he was a second-team All-American, helped lead Fresno State to the Big West Championship, and was the winner of the Sun Bowl Golf Classic. In 1980, he was a first-team All-American, shared Big West "Athlete-of-the-Year" honors with Jay Don Blake, helped lead Fresno State to its second Big West Championship in as many years, and was Fresno State's "Athlete-of-the-Year".
Professional career.
Norris had 11 top-10 finishes in PGA Tour events including a win at the 1982 Sammy Davis Jr.-Greater Hartford Open. Norris established the tournament record at 259 (25-under), which stood until it was eclipsed in 2009 by Kenny Perry. He was only one of two players to go wire-to-wire without sharing the lead. He defeated Raymond Floyd and Hubert Green by six strokes. His best finish in a major was T-40 at the 1985 PGA Championship.
In the 1990s, Norris switch careers from touring professional to college coach. He was men's head golf coach at University of Texas-El Paso from 1990–1997. Since August 1, 1997, he has been the men's head golf coach at Kansas State University in Manhattan, Kansas. When he arrived at K-State, he inherited a program that had finished dead last in the Big Eight Conference for 14 straight years from 1978–1991. Norris has made steady progress transforming the Wildcat's into winners; they appeared in the NCAA Regionals in 2003, 2004 and 2005. During the 2003-2004 season, the Wildcats won the Purina Classic in St. Charles, Missouri, and finished T-4 in the final Big 12 Conference standings.
Norris is married to the former Shelley Kerr. They have two children, Ashley and Tyler, and live in Omaha, Nebraska.
Results in major championships.
"Note: Norris never played in The Open Championship."&lt;br&gt;
CUT = missed the half-way cut&lt;br&gt;
"T" = tied

</doc>
<doc id="7004890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004890" title="Florida Gulf Coast">
Florida Gulf Coast

Florida Gulf Coast may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7004894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004894" title="Windows Desktop">
Windows Desktop



</doc>
<doc id="7004898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004898" title="Mark Thomas Bridges">
Mark Thomas Bridges



</doc>
<doc id="7004905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004905" title="Too Gone, Too Long">
Too Gone, Too Long

"Too Gone, Too Long" is a song by American R&amp;B vocal group En Vogue. Written by Diane Warren and produced by longtime collaborator David Foster, it was recorded for their third album, "EV3" (1997). A power ballad that blends pop and contemporary R&amp;B elements, it was selected as the album's third and final single and reached number 33 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also peaked within the top twenty of the UK Singles Chart and became the group's final top twenty hit there.
Background.
"Too Gone, Too Long" was written by Diane Warren, while production was handled by frequent collaborator, Canadian record producer David Foster. Felipe Elgueta served as its engineer, while mixing was overseen Mick Guzauski, with John Moony assisting. Michael Thompson played the electric guitar and Dean Parks provided acoustic guitar riffs on the track; Simon Franglen was consulted as synclavier programmer. An adult contemporary power ballad, "Too Gone, Too Long" blends pop and contemporary R&amp;B elements.
As with most on parent album "EV3", "Too Gone, Too Long" marked a breakaway for En Vogue who had worked exclusively with their founders Foster &amp; McElroy throughout most of their career. When the album was nearing completion, Dawn Robinson chose to leave the group in April 1997 for a solo recording contract with Dr. Dre's Aftermath Records after difficult contractual negotiations reached a stalemate. Her abrupt departure from the band forced the remaining trio Terry Ellis, Cindy Herron, and Maxine Jones to record additional vocals to replace Robinson's lead vocals.
Critical reception.
"Too Gone, Too Long" received generally mixed reviews from music critics. "Los Angeles Times" writer Connie Johnson ranked the song among the album's highlights and noted it as "an integral part of the womanly, more mature stance" of its parent album". She added: "The group smokes Diane Warren's "Too Gone Too Long," the kind of power ballad that has catapulted the careers of Celine Dion and Toni Braxton to a higher level. That the funky divas can sing has always been a given, but this is a performance upon which musical reps are truly built." Opposed to this, Stephen Leo Stanley from AllMusic was critical of the band's decision to work with Warren and Foster on "Too Gone, Too Long". He found that the pair reshaped "En Vogue as an adult contemporary band, sapping the group of any of their energy or style." Gerald Martinez from "New Straits Times" called the song a "brooding ballad". Elysa Gardner from "Rolling Stone" described the song as "sweetly wistful" and added that "a persistent cad receives this simple message: "The door is locked/You can't get in." You go, girls." Laura Jamison from "Salon Magazine" noted it as "a predictably well-crafted ballad", adding that "it's sure to be a hit".
Commercial performance.
Released as the third and final from "EV3", "Too Gone, Too Long" reached number 33 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 25 on the Hot R&amp;B Singles chart. A moderate success in the United States, it became one of the band's lowest-charting singles by then, though it remains En Vogue's final single to reach the top forty on the "Billboard" Hot 100 to date. Similarly, the song became the group's seventh and final top twenty entry in the United Kingdom when it debuted and peaked at number twenty on the UK Singles Chart in 1997. Elsewhere, "Too Gone, Too Long" reached the top forty of the New Zealand Singles Chart and peaked at number 45 on the Single Top 100 chart in the Netherlands.
Music video.
An accompanying music video "Too Gone, Too Long" was directed by Francis Lawrence.
Track listing.
Notes
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "EV3".

</doc>
<doc id="7004921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004921" title="Evansville central highschool">
Evansville central highschool



</doc>
<doc id="7004922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004922" title="Westmont High School (Illinois)">
Westmont High School (Illinois)



</doc>
<doc id="7004929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004929" title="1998 Riga bombing">
1998 Riga bombing

The 1998 Riga bombings were a series of bombings that took place in Riga, Latvia and which received considerable coverage at the time, most notably for their connection with fascist groups and the perception of an increase of fascism in Latvia. The United States government offered to help to locate the suspects, calling the acts "cowardly," and then-Latvian Prime Minister Guntars Krasts condemned the bombings, calling them an attempt to destabilize the country.
At 1:50 am on April 2 a bomb exploded in Riga's old town outside the 92-year-old Peitav Synagogue, the only surviving working synagogue in the city, causing severe damage to the building and surrounding area. The bomb, which was supposedly planted by fascist extremists, was reportedly placed on the front steps of the synagogue building. The bomb caused extensive damage, including tearing out the 90 kg oak door, destroying all the windows and casings of the basement and first and second floors, and leaving deep gouges in the wall. There were no casualties.
Four days after the April 2 bombing, another explosion caused damage to the Russian Embassy in Riga. As with the April 2 explosion, there were no injuries. The cause of the blast was plastic explosives detonated in a trash bin. The attack was linked with a rise in nationalist and extremist actions that seriously unsettled relations among Latvians, Jews and Russians. Alexander Udaltsev, Russia's ambassador to Latvia, joined Latvian leaders in blaming the incident on those trying to drive a wedge between Russians and Latvians. The Russian Foreign Ministry controversially blamed the bombing outside its Riga embassy on "anti-Russian hysteria recently produced in Latvia and the encouragement of nationalism and extremism" and called for drastic measures to punish those who were guilty.
A few days after the Riga bombings, a monument to Latvian victims of the Holocaust was defaced in the port town of Liepāja.
May 1995 bombings.
The April 2, 1998, attack was the second bomb attack on the synagogue. The synagogue was targeted on May 6, 1995, but far less damage was caused.
Moscow bombings.
Similar explosions occurred on May 13, 1998, in Moscow, where a bomb ripped through the outer wall of the city's Maryina Roshcha synagogue, the center of Moscow's active Lubavitch community. The explosion caused significant damage to the ground floor sanctuary, destroyed cars parked nearby, and caused minor injuries to two people in an adjacent building. No one in the synagogue was hurt. The congregation's original wood synagogue was burned to the ground in 1993, in what was thought at the time to be an accidental fire. The new building, dedicated in 1996, suffered an earlier bomb attack a few months after reopening. The attack was linked with the synagogue attack in Riga less than a month earlier. However, the attacks were carried out in a far more professional way.
Latvian–Russian crisis.
The bombings strained relations between the Latvian and Russian governments:
March 3: About 1000 mostly Russian demonstrators gather outside the Riga City Council building. Police drive them back with batons.
March 4: Russian leaders complain about violence shown towards protesters, condemning the actions of Latvian police. Latvian Prime minister Guntars Krasts speaks out in defense of the Latvian police force.
March 6: Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin openly criticises Guntars Krasts and states, "The news of what happened there sent shivers down Russia's spine."
March 16: In Riga, over 500 veterans of the Latvian Legion walk in commemoration through the center of the capital, prompting bitter condemnations from Moscow. The Russian Foreign Ministry reacted causing yet more controversy, saying: "This attention to fascist underlings is shameful for Europe."
March 28: Another demonstration is held at the Latvian Embassy in Moscow. Yury Luzhkov, a potential candidate for Russian president states that "Russians in Latvia have been turned into slaves." The EU stands by Russia.
April 1: The Latvian Ministry of Economics says that Russia is already applying low-level sanctions, including slowing down foodstuffs at the border and limiting Latvian fishing rights in Russian waters, which have already cost Latvia some $300,000,000.
April 2: The bombing of Peitav Synagogue in Riga takes place in the early hours of the morning. The explosion again draws unwanted attention to Latvia. No one steps forward to take responsibility for the attack, and Latvia asks the FBI for help in finding the perpetrators. The head of Latvia's police force is fired for not taking better safety precautions.
April 3: The Latvian Security Council, which includes the president and prime minister, calls for the dismissal of the county's military chief for taking part in the Latvian Legion Day march the month before.
April 4: President of Latvia Guntis Ulmanis expresses concern that bad press has damaged the country's prospects of joining the EU.
April 6: A small explosive goes off in a trash bin just across the street from the Russian embassy in central Riga. Moscow says the explosion is even further proof that extremism is rampant in Latvia. The Latvian press says the bombing at the embassy has all the hallmarks of the Russian secret service.
April 8: The largest party in the multi-party coalition, the center-left Saimnieks, announces that it is leaving the government. It criticizes the prime minister for contributing to the deterioration of relations with Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="7004930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004930" title="Mackinaw Trail">
Mackinaw Trail



</doc>
<doc id="7004934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004934" title="Tom Macinnes">
Tom Macinnes



</doc>
<doc id="7004941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004941" title="Sconceing">
Sconceing



</doc>
<doc id="7004944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004944" title="Buck Danny">
Buck Danny

Buck Danny is a Franco-Belgian comics series about a military flying ace and his two sidekicks serving (depending on the plots) in the United States Navy or the United States Air Force. The series is noted for its realism both in the drawings and the descriptions of air force procedures as part of the storyline. In particular the aircraft depicted are extremely accurate. Mixing historical references with fiction, "Buck Danny" is one of the most important 'classic' Franco-Belgian comic strips. Starting in 1947, the first albums were set against the backdrop of World War II, but from 1954 onwards, the series started to play in 'the present' and has so ever since. Like this, the series reads as a chronology of military aviation as well as the events that were catching people's imagination at the time of publishing, ranging from the Korean War, the Cold War, UFOs, international terrorism and drug running, the space race, rogue atomic bombs, the collapse of the Soviet bloc and recently the conflicts in Sarajevo and Afghanistan. The series takes place in a floating timeline with the conflicts and aircraft changing through the times, although the main characters largely remain the same through the decades.
True to the Franco-Belgian tradition the adventures are first published as a series in a weekly comic magazine. After a complete story has run its course, it is bundled and published as a book. In the case of "Buck Danny", the story appeared in "Spirou" magazine in weekly installments of one page per issue and from 1947 to 2008, 52 albums have been published by "Spirou's" parent company Dupuis editions. All are still in print today.
From 1947 to 1979, the first 40 albums were a collaboration between writer Jean-Michel Charlier and artist Victor Hubinon. After the death of the latter in 1979, the series took a hiatus of 4 years before Charlier continued for 4 more albums with artist Francis Bergèse. After Charlier's death in 1989, Bergèse tried one album with a scenario by Jacques de Douhet before writing his own stories. After 1996, 7 more stories appeared, combining realistic penmanship with continuously complex scenarios.
Bergèse announced his retirement after the publication of album 52. Hence since 2008, production of new material ceased. Officially however, the series is not 'dead' but simply on hiatus while the production company is looking for a new artist and writer. In May 2010 it was announced that Dupuis commissioned writer Frédéric Zumbiehl and artist Fabrice Lamy to continue the Buck Danny franchise. With the publication of album no. 53 in November 2013 it turned out that writer Frédéric Zumbiehl was still in charge but drawings are now made by Francis Winis. If the new team proves to be successful, this would be the third artist and fourth scenarist for the series.
Synopsis.
The comic series follows the exploits of the American military aviator Buck Danny over a period of time from the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor up to the current day. Although the first two adventures starred Danny alone, in the third album he met up with his sidekicks Jerry 'Tumb' Tumbler and Sonny Tuckson and from there on all subsequent adventures were done as a trio.
When the first stories started appearing in 1947, their themes—the Battle of the Coral Sea, the Battle of Midway and General Chennault's Flying Tigers—were recent history, but after 9 albums, the series caught up with current times and from then on the adventures always played in 'the present'. Since then, the series consists of a chronological string of adventures: In the 10th album, which is something like a watershed for the series, the trio become test pilots and at the end of the album re-enlist into the U.S. Air Force. The Air Force promptly sends them to the Korean War where the trio battles spies and unmanned aircraft. After that they are somehow transferred to the Navy and for the next 55 years they will serve on the latest supercarriers, fly the latest jets and helicopters and witness the latest progress in aviation firsthand. Flying a SBD Dauntless on his first mission, Buck Danny has flown Sabres in Korea, Grumman Panthers, Cougars, Tigers and F14 Tomcats for the Navy. In his latest albums, under stewardship of Francis Bergèse, Buck Danny and his team fly the F-18 for the navy, but simultaneously serve as test pilots for the Air force's F-22 program.
Besides flying for the Navy and helping out the Air Force, several adventures feature Buck and his friends as test pilots for NASA, for instance flying the X-15 rocket-plane or finding rogue transmitters interfering with rocket testing at Cape Kennedy. In addition the trio regularly changes into civilian clothes to work directly for the U.S. government, posing as charter pilots, flight instructors or mercenaries to investigate, uncover and finally thwart, criminal activities all over the world.
Realism has always been a trademark of "Buck Danny", especially when it comes to depicting the aircraft and the procedures and jargon used by the air force. Often, despite the heroics of Danny, Tumbler or Tuckson, the aircraft and carriers drawn are the real heroes. Helping with this is the fact that, contrary to American comic books, Belgian magazines were letter-sized like regular news magazines (technically they were in A4 paper format). Consequently, the resulting albums are letter-sized hard- or softcovers as well, considerably larger than American comics or Japanese Manga. Also they are printed on top-quality paper rather than pulp. All this gives the artist more opportunity to add detail to his drawings.
Realism also is reflected in the grim atmosphere of the books. Especially the Cold War albums are slowly built-up mysteries where the heroes are constantly under the threat of attack by an unseen enemy. Sabotage, often with deadly results is a common feature in more than one album and several supporting characters are shot, ambushed, blown up by booby-traps or otherwise die violent deaths. Often Buck and his teammates escape more by luck than by their own cunning and the feeling that they "could" have died lingers deep through the following pages.
The realism of the stories playing in the present even goes so far that there are over the 53 stories no prequels nor flashback nor secrets from Buck's past as a plot device. Each new stories follows the other chronologically, although some time may have elapsed between one adventure and another. An exception to that are a couple of short stories drawn by Francis Bergèse included in the large collection books, but not distributed in the official list of albums.
As is traditional in the Franco-Belgian comic business, the size of a published comic album is limited to 40-45 pages. Adventures that run longer are either distributed as 40-page chapters of a saga or designed to form independent stories within a longer arc. In the case of "Buck Danny", 53 albums form 31 distinct stories: 16 albums are stand-alone adventures, 11 stories are spread out over two albums, 4 stories even use 3 albums. However, especially after the 10th album, the albums of a multi-story arc are laid out as closed chapters with a distinctive ending point, often a cliffhanger at the end of the album and a short recap at the beginning of the next album.
Publication history.
The Pacific War: 1947–1948.
Shortly after the end of World War II, Brussels was for a few years the hotbed of the emerging comic industry. As such editor Georges Troisfontaines owned an agency called 'World Press' which he modeled after the American comic strip syndicates. Part of his staff were the artist Victor Hubinon and Jean-Michel Charlier, who quickly became a talented writer. Soon, Troisfontaines proposed that the two work together. They first collaborated on "L'Agonie du Bismark" ("The Agony of the Bismark"), a war account serialized in "Spirou" magazine in 1946.
Seeing the success of American pilot strips, Troisfontaines suggested to Hubinon and Charlier that they should produce a series about an American pilot just as well and even came up with the name Buck Danny. Keeping in line with their war account stories, the two came up with a semi-historical account of a young engineer working in Hawaii at the beginning of the war. Firsthand witnessing the Attack on Pearl Harbor, Buck Danny enlists in the Navy as a pilot and has a series of adventures serving on the aircraft carrier against the backdrop of the Battle of the Coral Sea. The story was serialized in weekly installments in "Spirou" magazine from January 2, 1947, onwards. After the story ran its course, it was gathered and published in book form in 1948. By that time Hubinon and Charlier were already working on a second part, keeping the same formula but this time having Buck Danny live through his adventures against the Battle of Midway.
The storyline of these two albums consists of a string of smaller adventures of Buck Danny as a pilot and the real life events of the Battle of the Coral Sea and the Battle of Midway. In the fictionalized adventures, Buck Danny flies attack missions, engages in dogfights, gets shot down, escapes, returns to his carrier in a stolen Japanese plane and even rescues a hostage. At the end of each album, Buck Danny takes a back seat as his carrier readies for battle and in the description of the historical battle, individual historical pilots, commanders and raids are described in detail. As to the artwork, the pages are laid out classically in 4 'strips' of 3 to 4 panels each, although on occasion, two strips combine to a large shot. Panels often include inserts describing aircraft, carrier procedures, historical figures or maps of the area.
Two years is an incredibly short span to draw two 40-page albums and so, although officially the series was owned by Victor Hubinon and Jean-Michel Charlier, everyone at 'World Press' contributed to the albums in various degrees. As a consequence, the artwork is sometimes sketchy and the realism, especially in the aircraft depicted is certainly not up to par with later albums.
While working on the first "Buck Danny" albums, they also produced "Tarawa Atoll Sanglant" ('Tarawa, Bloody Atoll'), a historical account published in Belgium from the end of 1948 to the end of 1949 in the bi-weekly magazine "Moustique". Like the Bismark account, this story retells the Battle of Tarawa in the Pacific Campaign. (The story was reprinted in "Spirou" in 1980 and subsequently republished in two 40-page books as a part of the "Buck Danny" series.)
Flying Tigers and desert pirates: 1950–1953.
The series took a next step in 1950 with the publication of "La revanche des fils du ciel" ("Revenge of the Sons of the Sky") in which Buck Danny is sent to China to become a commander for the Flying Tigers. In China Buck meets up with his teammates Tumbler and Tuckson and by the end of the first Chinese adventure, the three become an inseparable team.
During 1951 and 1952, three more adventures follow in which Buck and his companions team up with Susan Holmes, an army nurse who'd previously had a small role in one of the adventures of the "Midway" album. During a Japanese attack on their city, the trio and Holmes are separated from their base and over the next albums they are chased all through Asia by the traitor Mo Choung Young on behalf of a semi-fictional Black Dragon Society (which owes more to American pulp fiction than to historical accuracy).
Again in 1952 and 1953, three more adventures followed. The war having ended, Danny, Tumbler and Tuckson reunite and go to fly for a dubious airline in the Near East. Quickly they are involved in a hornets' nest of gun-runners, opium smugglers and palace revolutions.
Although playing in completely different times and countries, the 'Black Dragon' and 'Desert Pirates' cycles are unique in that they no longer have a historic event as an anchor and instead focus on a series of adventures, often having nothing to do with flying at all. The adventures follow the yarn of a classic US adventure comic of that time and similarities with the adventures of Steve Canyon abound. This becomes obvious in the character of Susan Holmes who tagged along in the entire 'Asian' adventure just so she could be the stereotypical Damsel in distress, having to be rescued again and again. Although the 'Demobilized' story arc featured more flying, readers were still unsatisfied with the story and demanded more aircraft and less scheming villains.
The two story arcs were drawn at a very rapid pace, seven albums in barely four years, and the level of detail is far less than in the later albums. Especially the secondary characters sometimes appear sketchy and unfinished. Yet, inconsistencies in the storylines and drawings are kept to a minimum. Improbable plot twists do however occur more than once and it is clear that the series were not only drawn, but also written week by week with little thought to layout in books and chapters, but rather as a series of adventurous situations.
The Cold War by Hubinon and Charlier 1954–1979.
Still in 1953, Buck Danny returned to flying in his 10th album "Pilotes d'essai" ("Test Pilots"). Here the trio returns to the States and promptly re-enlists as test pilots for the air force. This album is buzzing with aircraft and flying feats and apparently here Charlier and Hubinon found their winning formula because at the end of the album the trio is placed back on active duty and promptly sent to fight the war in Korea. The Korean adventure only lasted two albums, both written in 1954, because the censorship imposed by French authorities forbade mention of the war in Korea, a problem that would also prevent any mention of the later war in Vietnam, but the next year Buck Danny was back again, this time transferred back to the Navy and serving as squadron commander on an aircraft carrier.
From there on the series would continue to play in 'the present' and Danny would continue to serve in the navy for the next 25 years and 26 albums. Keeping with the latest technology, Danny (and his friends Tumbler and Tuckson) would serve on the latest aircraft carriers and fly the latest Navy jet fighters and from here on aircraft carriers and navy jets would play an important part in the adventures.
Although the Korean War is explicitly used as a setting in the 1954 albums, Buck Danny would not participate in any more real war or conflict until Francis Bergèse took over the scenarios. Instead many of the adventures played either on the open sea or on U.S. soil. When the action takes Buck Danny and his team abroad, the adventures either play in an unnamed country, or in a fictitious state as the South Asian countries of 'Viet-Tan' and 'Malakka' or the Central American dictator state of 'Managuay'
Similarly, although playing in the midst of the Cold War after Korea, Buck Danny never directly engaged either the Soviet Union nor any of the Eastern Bloc states. Charlier rightly felt that his readers wanted their hero in far-away adventurous-sounding places, not their own backyard. Buck Danny never battled the Soviet Bloc military either: the adversaries of the Cold War Years were invariably criminal organizations, most of them employing or headed by Lady X. Even the occasional spy rings that appear do not steal military secrets out of duty or ideology; their aim is invariably to sell them to the highest bidder. When (usually fictional) foreign countries are involved, they are either headed by megalomaniacal small-time dictators, or by a puppet government installed to give credibility to the pirates or drug lords financing them.
The pace of the series was still furious (30 albums in 25 years) and could only be achieved by continuously turning out one page a week year round. On top of that, from 1959 to 1979, Hubinon and Charlier also made the pirate strip Barbe Rouge ('Redbeard') for the new Franco-Belgian comics magazine "Pilote". The workload was enormous, especially for Hubinon, who did all the drawing. Still, the albums quickly came to display the high level of realism that would be a trademark of the series ever since. And somehow Hubinon still found time to write and draw stories on his own. Just before his death, he published one album of the pirate series "La Mouette" ("The Seagull") which he both drew and scripted.
In terms of layout, one page still consisted of four strips of panels, but the ordering of the panels became more loose. Actually, the layout was that of two half-pages. In most cases, each half-page would display two strips of equal size, but variations in strip height were possible and wide-shots taking up the whole half-page were not unheard of. The occasional 'instructional' panel with aircraft stats disappeared, but maps or schematics still showed up from time to time.
Victor Hubinon died in 1979, shortly after finishing album 39 and for several years it looked as if with the death of the artist, after 32 years, the series had ended for good.
Charlier and Bergèse, 1982–1989.
On January 8, 1979, while working on his second book for 'La Mouette' Victor Hubinon died at his drawing table following a heart attack. Luckily, the last Buck Danny album was also the finishing album of a three-part story arc. Thus, there were no loose ends left and no half-finished stories to take care of. Jean-Michel Charlier instead devoted his time to finishing his and Hubinon's other big series, Redbeard, which he continued with Jijé as artist.
However Jijé himself died in 1980 and Charlier openly declared that he would end the series "Redbeard" as he knew no one with the skills of Jijé and Hubinon to do the series justice. This however only made him more determined to look for an artist to take over Buck Danny. He finally found an artist in the person of Francis Bergèse, who had previously drawn a string of aircraft-related strips with mixed success and openly admitted he started drawing comics because he grew up reading Buck Danny. Furthermore, Bergèse could imitate Hubinon's drawing style almost perfectly.
So in 1982, after almost 4 years of inactivity, Buck Danny returned with an ambitious 3-album story: "Mission Apocalypse", "Les Pilotes de l'enfer" and "Le Feu du ciel", (Translated and published in English by Amusement Int (USA) in 1988 as "Mission Apocalypse", "The Pilots From Hell" and "Fire From Heaven"). Drawing the albums took 4 years with the last album only appearing in 1986. However, this slower pace only enabled Bergèse to make his drawings more detailed and his work is au par with that of Hubinon in every aspect.
Bergèse and Charlier made one more album, "Les Agresseurs" (the Aggressors) in 1988 and started work on another two-album story afterwards. It looked like with his new artist, Buck Danny was back and up to speed again when on July 10, 1989, Charlier himself died. At that time, Bergèse had drawn the first 16 pages of what would have been Buck Danny's 45th album, "Les Oiseaux noirs", ("The Blackbirds"). Although Charlier left behind scenario directions for all but the last pages of this book, it was decided that, with no clue on the second album and the conclusion of the story, work on Buck Danny would be stopped, this time for good. The 16-pages already drawn and Charlier's directions surviving directions for the next pages have since appeared in a number of specials, but are no part of the official Buck Danny canon.
As to graphics, the 4 albums of the Bergèse-Charlier team fit in seamlessly with the earlier albums drawn by Hubinon. As an artist, Bergèse copied Hubinon's style perfectly and the ships and planes drawn radiate the same level of technical realism. Bergèse even stayed true to the layout of the pages in four strips with the occasional half-page wide shot. The only difference is that with Hubinon the characters could sometimes come over as wooden or stiff whereas Bergese's persons seem more lifelike. Especially their clothes seem to fit them more loosely and display an occasional wrinkle.
In terms of plot, the albums follow the typical cold war Buck Danny layout of either a mysterious criminal organization threatening world peace (in the Mission Apocalypse albums a terrorist organization steals two nuclear bombs to wipe out a summit of world leaders), international espionage aimed at America's military secrets (in "The Aggressors" a Russian defector may not be what he seems to be) and cold war U.S. air power (in "The Blackbirds" Buck is assigned a covert mission on a U-2 spyplane).
There are changes however: Although the first scenes of "Mission Apocalypse" still play in the fictional Central-American state of "Managuay", for the rest of the stories, cities and nations are openly called by name: The two stolen F14 fighters are flown by renegade pilots from Iran hired by Lady X, the summit the terrorists want to bomb is the real-life North–South Summit at Cancun, Mexico, and when marooned on a Caribbean islet, Buck and Sonny are rescued by a destroyer that is openly Cuban. (With Hubinon, the ship would be from a fictional Caribbean state). Furthermore, where in earlier albums, 'terrorists' were solely motivated by greed or revenge, the terrorists of the 'Apocalypse' story have a distinct left wing radical ideology reminiscent of the Baader Meinhoff or Red Brigade groups. Also, where former albums just make allusions to 'Washington'; or 'the President', here an accurately drawn President Reagan is addressed by name as he gives out orders firsthand.
The new realism continues in the next albums: In "The Aggressors", for the first time in his career, Buck Danny openly enters a dogfight with a Russian fighter plane... and gets outmaneuvered. Later the pilot of that plane resurfaces as a defector and becomes Buck Danny's teammate while training for the Air Force's Aggressor Squadron. He turns out to be a double agent in a plot orchestrated no longer by a group of criminals but by the KGB itself. In "The Blackbirds" it is openly stated that the target of Buck Danny's spy mission is a nuclear facility near Vladivostok. All in all, with the 'new' Buck Danny scenarist Charlier now displays a level of directness that would have been unthinkable in previous albums.
After Charlier: Bergèse and De Douhet, 1996.
When Charlier died in 1989, the series lost not only its author, but also the last person of its original team and it seemed certain that with both Charlier and Hubinon, Buck Danny had died as well. Francis Bergèse was still around, but as good as he was an illustrator, he was no writer, especially not of the skill level expected for the Buck Danny series.
By now however, at the age of 48 Bergèse had found his calling in drawing aviation comics, so in 1990 he took on a comic book adaptation of "that other famous aviation ace" Biggles for "Tintin" magazine. At that time, the 'Biggles' adventure books by W. E. Johns were well known in Belgium and France, but as Johns had died in 1968, no new material meant no younger fans.
For Bergèse, the new strip meant a complete departure from his Buck Danny work. for starters, there was the artwork: The series playing during and shortly after World War II with a British flying ace as a hero, the aircraft of his choice now were Spitfires painted in colorful green and brown camouflage schemes compared to the dull navy blue and navy gray of the Buck Danny aircraft. Eventually, Bergèse played into this by painting the whole artwork in more vibrant, almost aquarel-like colors, giving the panels a look and feel reminiscent of early 1940s color photographs.
More importantly, as the series was based on a series of books written on average 45 years ago, there were no detailed instructions on panel-to-panel layout like the ones Charlier provided for the Buck Danny albums. Bergèse had to do most of the writing himself, starting with the selection of suitable adventures up to the page-by-page layout. As a result, with every album, Bergèse became more and more skilled as a scenarist himself.
By that time however Dupuis was yearning to remake the commercial success of Buck Danny, and so in 1995, through intermediary of Charlier's son Philippe, the documentary maker Jacques de Douhet was asked to supply some outlines for a possible Buck Danny scenario. One of the ideas caught on and so in 1995, Dupuis asked Bergèse back and he and de Douhet teamed up for Buck Danny album 45: "Les Secrets de la Mer Noire" ("The Secrets of the Black Sea").
The album is at the same time a complete departure from the Charlier-Hubinon series as well as a logical development of their work: Playing in the new political realities of the 1990s, in particular the collapse of the Warsaw Pact and the fall of the Iron Curtain: Set in 1991, after Buck Danny 'loses' his aircraft carrier in a war game exercise, he is sent on a diplomatic mission to be an observer on the Soviet Union's latest aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov and arrives there just in time to be a pawn in the attempted 1991 August Coup.
For the artwork, Bergèse immediately took over from where he had left off in 1989 and comparing the new album 45 with album 44, it is hard to tell the difference. There are however subtle details such as the air battle over Ukraine, which plays out against the backdrop of a deep blue night sky illuminated by a full moon. This poetic accent makes the battle appear almost dreamlike, something more fit for the Biggles albums than for Hubinon's hard technical edge. There is enough technical detail however in the realistic depiction of the various Soviet aircraft, helicopters and ships, especially the Kuznetsov and the A-90 Orlyonok ekranoplan which plays a key role in the later part of the adventure. Whereas the images are a delight, the story itself has its problems: Although it starts off with a bang and has several tong-in-cheek references to the 'classic' Buck Danny adventures (Buck's wingman on the Kuznetsov is a Volga German named Tumbler who later turns out to be a traitor), the story fizzles toward the end. Various secondary personages and side plots are introduced in the first part only to be forgotten later on and after Buck Danny is saved, the final conclusion of the big event, the August 1991 coup is only mentioned in one panel.
Nevertheless, the 'new' Buck Danny series had his potentials, and expectations were high for a second de Douhet/Bergèse album, a synopsis for which was already written. However, in 1996, de Douhet announced that he would retire from comic book writing for 'personal reasons' and once again Buck Danny was without an author.
De Douhet died on August 19, 2009.
Francis Bergèse, 1996–2008.
In 1996, the series was back where it was in 1989: A good formula, a superb artist, but no writer. However, whereas in 1989 Francis Bergèse clearly lacked the knowledge to produce a script that would live up to Charlier's standard, he since gained experience as a writer working on the Biggles albums.
Bergèse only made three Biggles comic books from 1990 until 1993, when he started working on Buck Danny again. All three were adaptations of the Biggles adventures written by W. E. Johns between 1932 and 1968, slavishly following the plot of the books. This even went so far that in the second album "The Pirates of the South Pole" Bergèse wrote a foreword where he apologized for having to draw polar bears in the Antarctic because the original book mentioned them. In 1994 however, while Bergèse was working on Buck Danny, Lombard gave the series to author Michel Oleffe and artist Eric Loutte. In a radical departure to the series Oleffe produced "The Flight of the Wallenstein", an adventure written entirely by himself, without any reference to W. E. Johns, other than the names of the characters.
After Buck Danny no.45, Bergèse returned to Biggles for two more albums: "Squadron Biggles" was a collection of short stories reaped from different books of W. E. Johns, for "The Last Zeppelin" he wrote his own scenario keeping the original characters. So when de Douhet departed as a writer for Buck Danny, Bergèse felt that he was ready to take over the writing part as well as the drawing and in 1996 he returned to Dupuis to draw and write Buck Danny no.46.
As between 1989 and 1994, by 1996 the world had changed again and so Buck Danny's next album "L'escadrille fantôme" / "Ghost Squadron" plays against the backdrop of the Bosnian War, in particular the siege of Sarajevo. The theme was nothing but controversial: Frustrated by being forbidden to respond to obvious crimes committed by Serbian forces, the U.S. sets up a secret squadron of unmarked F 16 jets to combat Serbian warlords... Only to find out that 'the other side' operates a similar squadron of Mig 29 jet fighters. In spite of this controversy, the album was well received and Bergèse followed up with a two-album adventure: "Zone interdite" and "Tonnerre sur la cordillère" ("Restricted zone" and "Thunder over the Cordillera") in which Buck and his friends revisit the fictional country of Managuay. Although the story was less controversial: the fight against cocaine traffickers, it still showed the U.S maintaining an uneasy alliance with a local dictator and dared to give a little background on WHY so many farmers in Managuay chose to cultivate coca rather than food crops. In a plot twist Charlier would be proud of however the real culprit is an international ring of criminals run – again – by Lady X. Unlike Charlier, this time they are in cahoots with criminal elements on the Navy aircraft carrier who use their supply aircraft to fly the drugs from Managuay to the US.
In 'Ghost Squadron', Bergèse also introduced a new recurring character: the female Navy pilot: Cindy McPherson. Cindy resurfaced in the Managuay albums as a pilot in the same transport squadron of the traffickers and played an important part in unmasking the plot. She has cameos and minor roles in all of the following adventures and could be considered the fourth 'man' on the team in a way Susan Holmes was in the 'Black Dragon' adventures. However even as Cindy will occasionally get into trouble and have to be rescued by Buck, she is an accomplished pilot and definitely capable of taking care of herself.
After the Managuay adventure four more albums followed, each a closed adventure and each again situated against the backdrop of real-life events and so from 2000 to 2008 Buck and his friends have to rescue a downed pilot from South Korea, uncover sabotage and political power play in the F22 testing program, uncover illegal mining in the Antarctic and find a CIA agent investigating a ring of gun-runners in Afghanistan.
Apart from skirting today's hot-button topics and naming states and events by name, something that would be absolutely taboo in a scenario by Jean-Michel Charlier, there are several other differences between the two authors: Under Bergèse, both Buck Danny and Jerry Tumbler seem to mellow a bit and on several occasions Buck actually shows genuine caring, if not fatherly, feelings for Cindy McPherson. The most important change is however in the behavior of Sonny Tuckson who more than often reacts with outrage to perceived injustice. In this he has become the inner voice of Bergèse himself: When Sonny asks in 'Ghost Squadron' "Why isn't the world doing anything?" it is Bergèse's question to the reader just as much as it is Sonny's question to Buck.
7 albums between 1996 and 2008 make for a bit less than two years per album. About twice as long as Charlier and Hubinon took. This shows in the artwork: planes, ships and other technical details are as realistic as ever and the characters, especially Buck, do not only seem to be realistically drawn but also lifelike, compared to the sometimes wooden face and straight-as-a-rod postures drawn by Hubinon.
In 2008, after writing his 12th Buck Danny album, ("Porté disparu" / "Reported Missing") the 52nd in the series), Francis Bergèse, now 67 announced his retirement.
Winis &amp; Zumbiehl 2013-.
In May 2010 it was announced that the Buck Danny series will continue with an all new team of writer Frédéric Zumbiehl and artist Fabrice Lamy. Lamy is known up to now for drawing the realistic western comic strip Colt Walker while Zumbiehl bursted into the scene in 2007 with the one-shot album "Team Rafale": a yarn about industrial espionage and economic warfare surrounding the Rafale fighter. In lay-out, "Rafale" closely follows the later Bergèse albums with their combination of flying, crime and politics and, a part of the flying taking part in a French plane for the French military, similarities between this album and Buck Danny abound.
As per December 2013 publisher Dupuis announced that album no. 53 was made available in Belgium and the Netherlands. It is written by Frederic Zumbiehl and artist is Francis Winis, who apparently has taken over from Lamy. Reasons for this are unknown.
Realism.
Except for smaller oversights – for example, the early WWII episodes use "Zero" as a generic term for all manners of Japanese fighter aircraft rather than the Mitsubishi A6M Zero – the series aims to depict aircraft very realistically, and often includes the most recent technological developments, such as VTOL (Vertical Take Off and Landing) aircraft, stealth aircraft, the newest Soviet/Russian aircraft, the effects of low-flying, etc.
The ships and bases where the adventures take place are also very close to reality (most are American, but a Russian and a French aircraft carrier have also been depicted, as well as real American bases). Certain events were also taken more or less directly from reality, when the censors allowed it; examples include the Korean War, the Bosnian War and the War in Afghanistan. More often, Charlier simply invented entire countries, thus allowing him to take greater liberties with the story. Since the Vietnam War, for example, had been declared off-limits by French censors, Charlier wrote the "Return of the Flying Tigers" story arc to take place in the fictional country of Vien-tan.
The realism of the series is also enhanced by short definitions or explanations of technical terms, such as radar or Radio direction finding. For this the authors often use separate texts, diagrams, drawings and schemes. Novels also often contain technical or historical notes, and at other times, English aviator jargon (such as "Scramble" or "Overshoot") is translated into French for the readers' benefit.
Although in the course of 60 years of stories Buck Danny is promoted from simple pilot to squadron leader, captain and colonel (Tumbler is promoted to major after "Fire From Heaven" while Tuckson seems to stay captain forever since his promotion in "S.O.S. Flying Saucers"!) the characters themselves never seem to age. From the first album on, Hubinon always drew Buck Danny with a realistic, weathered face and a military crew cut for his blond hair. Like this his visible age has always been somewhere between 25 and 49. Although Bergèse, as a scenarist makes 'his' Buck Danny appear more grizzled and war-weary, as an artist, he mostly kept to Buck Danny's original look, although in the latest albums the lines on his face appear a bit deeper. Likewise his companions Tumbler and Tuckson have kept their same look throughout the series. So Tumbler appears just as weathered ageless as Buck Danny, with Sonny Tuckson's round face and distinctive flock of red hair his not aging becomes apparent. This cannot be said of Lady X, Buck biggest antagonist in many albums, who although still as beautiful as vicious as ever also gets some more lines in her face.
Handling of racial themes.
In the series of three episodes following World War II that finds the heroes in the Middle East, one of the negative characters is Jewish, named "Bronstein", and depicted in a manner reminiscent of the anti-semitic strips of the World War II era. It is only in the 1950s that youth commissions, notably in France, insisted on the non-stereotyping of characters. By the 1960s, the series in fact alluded to racial tensions in the US as part of its story arcs, with Buck Danny taking a strong stance against discrimination and racism, such as in the album "Les Anges bleus" ("The Blue Angels").
Characters.
Main characters.
After Pearl Harbor Buck Danny enlists in the United States Navy, and soon finds his sidekicks Jerry 'Tumb' Tumbler and Sonny Tuckson, with the three quickly becoming inseparable friends. Together, they participate in many dangerous missions, their adventures taking them all over the world. In missions ranging from the Korean War in the 1950s to the Balkan War in 1996, they prove themselves as true defenders of the United States of America.
Bibliography.
As originally published.
Jean-Michel Charlier and Francis Bergèse.
70th Anniversary edition.
16 pages were written for "Les Oiseaux Noirs" before Charlier's death. The script was finished by Fréderic Zumbiehl and Patrice Buendia, and the artwork was finished by Bergèse. The second album was drawn by Andre Le Bras. The two were released as a 70th Anniversary edition in 2017.
Spin-off series.
In 2013, Dupuis created a spin-off series, ‘Buck Danny Classic’, drawn in the original style, and focussing on the period covered in the first books, with the Korean War for the first two volumes, the end of the Second World War for the next two volumes, then the Cold War for the last two. As of September 2020, the series has 6 albums.
New edition albums.
Beginning in 1983, in the line of the "New" "Buck Danny" novels by Charlier and Bergèse, Publisher Dupuis took it upon them to re-issue the previous albums in a "collectors edition" under the new format "Tout Buck Danny" ('Everything Buck Danny' or 'The complete Buck Danny'). These differed from the original albums still in print as each volume being a solid hardcover book with three or four of the original novels plus some additional material. With most of the Buck Danny stories stretching out over two or even three albums, this enabled the reader to have a complete adventure in one novel. Yet the addition of magazine artwork, promotional material and other work made it clear that this editions were aimed at the elder collector. During the hiatus years after the death of Charlier, this series continued with the accumulated material and its success no doubt prompted Dupuis to press Bergèse into continuing the series. At present, with 'complete' album 16 covering the 'loose' albums 49, 50 and 51, the 'complete' books have caught up with the loose album series. 
After the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, Buck Danny enters the Navy and becomes an aviator. He participates in several naval engagements, rises to the rank of Commander, and is eventually transferred to the Flying Tigers, where he encounters Jerry Tumbler and Sonny Tuckson.
Danny and Tuckson are ordered to fly to the Allied headquarters in Rangoon and bring back the plans for the upcoming offensive into Burma. When the mission goes wrong, they are trapped in the middle of the jungle and must dodge Japanese troops, hostile natives, Chinese pirates and various traitors to bring the plans back to the Flying Tigers.
Unemployed after the end of the war, Danny, Tumbler and Tuckson are hired by a shady airline company operating in the Middle-East, and find themselves swept up in a nest of intrigue involving Arab tribal politics, smuggle and the rush for oil. The story arc was published during the early fifties as three separate comic books. The first two, The Red Sea Traffickers ("Les Traficants de la Mer Rouge") and Desert Pirates ("Les Pirates du Désert"), were published in 1951 and the closing novel, The Oil Gangsters ("Les Gangsters du Pétrole"), in 1952. They were combined into the "Pilots Demobilized" album when the series was republished during the nineties.
The plot of "Pilots Demobilized" was inspired by the discovery and development of Persian Gulf oil in the aftermath of World War II, and the cutthroat competition that resulted between British and American companies on the one hand, and their surrogates among the local clans and dynasties on the other, sometimes leading to real bloodshed. Charlier and Hubinon were especially inspired by the conflict in Abu Dhabi between the ruling Sheikh Shakbut, who favored British interests, and his brother Zayed, who was supported by the Saudi-American Aramco.
To date, the "Pilots Demobilized" trilogy remains the only one in which Buck, Tumb and Sonny are civilians and not employed by the U.S. military. This provoked a negative reaction from many fans, who had enjoyed the six preceding novels and found the characters much more dull in the world of international trafficking and economic espionage than they had been as war heroes. The authors took this lesson to heart; in the next novel, the trio were re-hired by the U.S. Air Force (and, three novels later, the Navy), and never left their uniform again.
Danny, Tumbler and Tuckson are persuaded by their old CO to return to the military as test pilots, and are eventually transferred to a fighter unit in Korea. There, they encounter not only Communist pilots but also drones against which Danny is ordered to find a response.
Danny, Tumbler and Tuckson are transferred to the U.S. Navy, where their adventures continue in three stand-alone novels. In the first, they train a squadron of new recruits to work as a team. In the second, they are racing against a group of ex-Nazis to uncover a treasure from a sunken U-boat. In the third, they take down a group of pirates disrupting air traffic over the Arctic.
Two story arcs. In the first, Danny and his wingmen provide defensive patrols over the military's newest ICBM test base in Alaska, and find themselves facing the spies of the mysterious Lady X. In the second, they return to the Navy, this time on a mission against pirates in the South China Seas, who are using weapons and bases abandoned by the Japanese to become a near-military force.
Two story arcs. In the first, Danny and his wingmen are testing new prototypes with VTOL technology for the Navy. In the second, they are sent to Tibet to retrieve a German rocket scientist vital to the U.S. space program before the Soviets do.
Danny and his wingmen test two new aircraft for the Navy, first the brand-new X-13 (based on the A-5 Vigilante), then the X-15. They must overcome rivalries within their own squadron, and root out several saboteurs hired by foreign powers and disgruntled aircraft constructors.
When a revolution begins in the Southeast Asian nation of Vien-tan, the U.S. finds itself unable to intervene officially. Instead, Danny and thirty Navy pilots are retired from the service and sent to fight in Vien-tan, under the flag of the newly reconstituted Flying Tigers.
One story arc and two stand-alone novels. In the story arc, Danny and his wingmen try to recover a Mercury space capsule lost at sea. In the first novel, he must defuse the threats of a Caribbean dictator bent on causing a nuclear war between East and West. In the second, he and his wingmen investigate the sightings of unidentified aircraft over the Arctic.
Two story arcs. In the first, the Navy loses a nuclear weapon over the Central American republic of Managuay; Danny, Tumbler and Tuckson are infiltrated among the rebels who recovered it to try to steal it back. In the second, they enter the Blue Angels stunt team and are sent to a high-profile airshow in Karachi, where they must again face the threat of Lady X as well as deal with racial tensions within the squadron itself.
Danny and his wingmen discover a Mafia-run opium plantation in the Bornean nation of North Sarawak. With the United States politically unable to act, the admiral in charge of the carrier group defies the Pentagon's orders and decides to take down the operation himself.
NATO is being blackmailed by the International Front of Armed Revolutionary Groups, a red terrorist organization which has stolen a nuclear weapon and two F-14s from the U.S. military. Danny, Tumbler and Tuckson must locate the terrorists' base in the Caribbean before the Front can use the weapon on an upcoming UN summit.
Two stand-alone novels, heavily influenced by international developments in the last few years of the Cold War. In the first, Danny is sent to Nellis to take charge of a defecting MiG-29 pilot. In the second, he is sent to visit the Soviet Union's newest aircraft carrier and finds himself swept up in a web of perestroika politics; some parties want him eliminated, while others want to use him for their own ends.
One stand-alone novel and one story arc. In the former, Danny commands an off-the-books fighter unit in Yugoslavia. In the latter, they are sent to train fighter pilots in Central America making a transition from F-104 to F-18. There they find themselves facing a powerful drug cartel which plans to take control of several Central American nations... with a little help from Lady X.
Three stand-alone novels. In the first, Danny and his wingmen help recover an American pilot shot down over North Korea. In the second, they are sent to test the new F-22's performance, which has recently been hindered by several sabotage actions. In the third, they locate a flight of unidentified aircraft over the Antarctic, and are sent to investigate.
"Tanguy et Laverdure" crossovers.
Buck Danny crosses over several times with "Tanguy et Laverdure".
Buck is first shown on his own in the adventure "Escadrille des Cigognes", talking with two Australian pilots in the canteen of a USAF base in Europe. Buck and his sidekicks also appear in some of the illustrations for the adventure "Canon Bleu Ne Rèpond" "Plus". In this story the two French pilots meet Buck Danny and his US Navy squadron of F-8 Crusaders in the US base of Thule. Another tribute is also present at the end of the "Tanguy Et Laverdure" story "Prisonniers Des Serbes" where Erneste Laverdure is reading the Buck Danny album "Les Agresseurs".
Buck, Tumbler and especially Tuckson play an important role in the album "Rencontre De Trois Type". This adventure is placed at Nellis AFB during one of the periodical "Red Flag" exercises on which the Rafale and Mirage 2000 of French Air Force are involved. Buck Danny and his friends help the French aviators to bring a dangerous group of saboteurs to justice who are carrying out attacks against French Rafale fighters, helped by an accomplice journalist, to disqualify the aircraft in the aviation newspapers. In this adventure Lady X also appears, involved in the plot against the French aircraft.
Buck, Tuckson and Tumbler are also shown in the second volume of the series "Angel Wings". They are depicted watching Jinx Falkenburg during her concert which many squadrons were invited to. The "Angel Wings" adventure is placed during WWII, in the Burma area, thus in the same period during which Buck Danny and friends are on duty with the Flying Tigers.
Conversely, there is also a cross-over with Tanguy and Laverdure appearing in one of Buck Danny's episodes: in the duet of albums (36 &amp; 37) where Buck, Tumb and Sonny join the Blue Angels and participate in an international exhibition; they compete against (amongst others) both Tanguy and Laverdure representing France, and Dan Cooper representing Canada.
In 2016 a special box set was published by Dupuis, Dargaud, and Zephyr, dedicated to Buck Danny and Tanguy et Laverdure. The box included the 'Buck Danny Classic' adventure "Les Fantomes Du Soleil Levant", the 'Tanguy et Laverdure Classic' adventure "Menace Sur Mirage F1" and a short black and white crossover ("La Rencontre") between the two series placed in 1965, written and drawn by Zumbiehl, Buendia and Philippe.
English publications.
In 1970/71, the strip was briefly reprinted in TV 21.
Several albums have been translated into English, including "Mission Apocalypse" in 1988, and "Mystery In The Antarctic" ("Mystère en Antarctique") in 2005.
Cinebook Ltd have been publishing English language translations of Buck Danny since 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7004945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004945" title="Rigging monkey">
Rigging monkey

Rigging Monkey refers to a crewmember of a sailing vessel whose primary responsibility is to climb the mast, usually with the assistance of a boatswain's chair, to work on the rigging of the ship.
The rigging monkey would be sent aloft to repair damaged sails, straighten out lines that had become "fouled", or tangled, or to assist in the raising or lowering of sails.
In the days of tall-ship sailing, the nautical term "monkey" was used to refer to anything of small size on the ship. Jackets or coats that were cut to a shorter length to allow freedom of movement in the rigging were called monkey jackets, which were worn by the rigging monkey. Similarly, the term powder monkey was used for small boys that would run black powder from the powder room to the cannons on the ship, as their small size allowed them to negotiate the narrow passages within the ship.
The term still applies to modern sailors who climb their masts to make repairs to their rigs. Safety precautions, such as wearing a harness or sitting in a boatswain's chair (a fabric seat that is tied to a halyard) are standard procedure, especially on larger boats.

</doc>
<doc id="7004948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004948" title="William F Woodington ARA">
William F Woodington ARA



</doc>
<doc id="7004950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004950" title="Spleen meridian">
Spleen meridian



</doc>
<doc id="7004962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004962" title="Unincorporated reciprocal inter-insurance exchange">
Unincorporated reciprocal inter-insurance exchange



</doc>
<doc id="7004974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004974" title="FCEEG">
FCEEG



</doc>
<doc id="7004990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004990" title="Lord of Lords">
Lord of Lords

Lord of Lords may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7004995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004995" title="Reagan assassination">
Reagan assassination



</doc>
<doc id="7004997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7004997" title="Virginia State Highway 267">
Virginia State Highway 267



</doc>
<doc id="7005004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005004" title="Utcn">
Utcn



</doc>
<doc id="7005008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005008" title="Yaakov ben meir">
Yaakov ben meir



</doc>
<doc id="7005016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005016" title="Liquidation (law)">
Liquidation (law)



</doc>
<doc id="7005020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005020" title="Robert F. Cook">
Robert F. Cook

Robert F. Cook (1880–1958) was an American Christian missionary to India responsible for the establishment of the Pentecostal movement in India.

</doc>
<doc id="7005022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005022" title="No Man's Land, Cornwall">
No Man's Land, Cornwall

No Man's Land is a crossroads hamlet in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated approximately two miles (3 km) northeast of Looe on the B3253 road to Widegates.
Morval Vintage Steam Rally, an annual weekend event which raises funds for local charities, takes place at Bray Farm in No Man's Land 

</doc>
<doc id="7005026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005026" title="Certified Mortgage Planners">
Certified Mortgage Planners



</doc>
<doc id="7005031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005031" title="Lithium (Evanescence song)">
Lithium (Evanescence song)

"Lithium" is a song by American rock band Evanescence from their second studio album, "The Open Door". It was released by Wind-up Records on December 4, 2006 as the album's second single. "Lithium" was written by singer and pianist Amy Lee and produced by Dave Fortman. Lee initially wrote it on guitar when she was 16 years old, and later reworked it on piano, recording it with the band's performance. The song is a power ballad with lyrics about uncertainty between feelings of sorrow and happiness.
"Lithium" received generally positive reviews from music critics. The single entered the top 40 in multiple countries, where it spent several weeks charting. The music video was directed by Paul Fedor, and features Lee and the band performing the song in a dark snowy forest, where Lee sinks in a lake of black water. An alternate version of the song appears on the band's fourth studio album, "Synthesis" (2017).
Composition.
Lee had originally composed the song on guitar when she was 16 years old, but never used it despite liking its chorus. While writing the album, she completed the song on piano, finishing the verses. Lee used the word "Lithium" as a "metaphor for numbness" for herself, adding that she's known people on the medication and seen its effects. She described the song's theme as a representation of "happiness from a negative point of view", viewing it as "I don't want to numb myself and not feel anymore". Her inspiration for the song was the feeling that she was "in love with my sorrow". Elaborating in an interview, she stated: "I get into these moods where I write music. It's not about so much about being depressed, it's just the strange low that I ride. But at the same time I want to be free and break through and be happy. I think that was kind of me, getting ready to play [and saying], 'That's it, drop the ball and just change and move on.'" The song is about wanting to "break free" from cycles of being stuck in negative situations.
"Lithium" is a power ballad with "cinematic production, gripping orchestration and Amy Lee's voice gliding through verses and soaring over choruses", wrote "Billboard". It depicts the singer's love-hate relationship with sadness. "Entertainment Weekly" writer Jon Dolan described the song as a "tortured Queensrÿche-style pain strummer" in which Lee explores a form of addiction. "Kerrang!" Sam Law said it utilizes "tinkling piano", Lee's "wide-ranging vocals", and "crashes of metallic instrumentation" layered onto the composition, thematically "drawing comparisons between a medicated state and the numbness of uncertainty and depression." Lee employs her lower vocal register, with her vocals spanning from the low note of A3 to the high note of G5. According to the sheet music published on the website Musicnotes.com, the song is written in the key of B minor.
Release.
Lee initially considered four different album tracks for the second single, and ultimately decided on "Lithium". "Lithium" was made available for digital download on December 4, 2006, along with its B-side "The Last Song I'm Wasting on You" and a recording of a live acoustic performance of "All That I'm Living For". Lee wrote "The Last Song I'm Wasting on You" while touring "Fallen", recording it in a bathroom on an analog device. She deemed it "one of those personal, hard moments, when beauty is born out of pain". The song was later included as a bonus track on several editions of "The Open Door".
In 2017, a reworked orchestral version of the song was recorded and included on Evanescence's fourth studio album "Synthesis". It was performed during the band's Synthesis Tour in support of the album.
Critical reception.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine described "Lithium" as a "churning" song. "Rolling Stone"s Rob Sheffield viewed it as Lee's ode to Kurt Cobain. Andy Gill from "The Independent" said it captures the album's mood "wreathed in the genre staples of black-clad, mascara'd gloom", naming it one of the standout tracks. In an album review, Sara Berry from "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" deemed it a "reflective, piano-heavy ballad". Alex Nunn of musicOMH disliked the song, calling it a "bloated rocker". Writing for BBC Radio 1, Fraser McAlpine felt it "seemed have lost what we liked about their singles – a bit of oomph". A "Stornoway Gazette " writer dubbed the song an "extreme-power-ballad maelstrom" and a "rare instance of when pop metal actually does justice to both musical genres."
IGN's Ed Thompson wrote that Lee's piano playing on songs like "Lithium" completes the album. Mark Daniell of "Jam!" called it a "full-bodied" song. A writer from the "Leader-Post" praised Lee's "stunning notes" on "Lithium", which he considered the equivalent of "My Immortal" from debut album "Fallen". Writing for "Revolver", Eli Enis said "Lithium" is "a prime example of Lee skillfully using her voice as an instrument that perfectly complements everything else going on around her." "Billboard" regarded it as "the kind of number Evanescence was born to perform: cinematic production, gripping orchestration and Amy Lee's voice gliding through verses and soaring over choruses", concluding that Lee's "latest musical affair with darkness is captivating" and would almost make listeners "wish [their] heart was broken".
In 2011, "Loudwire" journalist Mary Ouellette, placed the song at number nine on her list of 10 Best Evanescence Songs, and praised Lee's "sweeping" vocals which "complement" her piano playing, adding that "Lithium" was one of the many highlights on "The Open Door". In 2016, Brittany Porter from AXS listed it at number six on her list of the band's ten best songs. "Kerrang!"s Sam Law ranked the song at number four on his list of the 20 greatest Evanescence songs, calling it "a showcase for [Lee] as the classical powerhouse", noting that its "icy" music video "perfectly compliments one of their most cinematically sweeping works."
Commercial performance.
In the week ending of February 10, 2007, "Lithium" peaked at number 24 on the "Billboard" Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles, a chart which acts as a 25-song extension to the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also charted on two other "Billboard" component charts in the U.S, peaking at number 39 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks, where it spent a total of four weeks, and at number 37 on the Hot Modern Rock Tracks where it spent a total of three weeks. In Australia, the song debuted at its peak position of number 28 on the ARIA Singles Chart for the chart issue dated January 28, 2007. It spent an additional week at the same position and a total of eight weeks on the chart, last seen at 49 on March 18, 2007. It achieved a higher position of 16 on the New Zealand Singles Chart on January 29, 2007 in its second week of charting there.
"Lithium" charted in various countries across Europe, peaking within the top 50. In the UK, it debuted at number 32 on the UK Singles Chart for the week ending January 14, 2007. The following week, it moved to a position of number 52, and exited the chart after this week. On the UK Rock Singles Chart, it debuted at number three for the week ending January 7, 2007. It moved to the top of the chart the following week, where it spent an additional week on the chart issue dated January 27, 2007. In Ireland, the song debuted and peaked at number 30 on the Irish Singles Chart for the week ending January 11, 2007. In continental Europe, "Lithium" achieved its highest peak in Italy where it debuted at number two for the week of February 8, 2007. It spent a total of ten weeks on the chart and marks the band's second highest-charting single on the single charts in Italy after "Bring Me to Life" peaked at number one in 2003. The single further peaked at number 23 in Sweden, 40 in Switzerland, 41 in Austria and 44 in Germany.
Music video.
The music video was directed by Paul Fedor. Lee wrote the treatment for the video, which features a winter backdrop, with Lee in all-white and all-black, and includes scenes of her under the surface of a lake in a forest. Lee said it represents the happiness and sorrow "almost singing to each other, trying to figure out how both of us can work." She expressed that it's "all about touching somebody and I hope it does that". Fake snow and trees were used on the set along with various other objects to create a "frozen, gothic, cemetery feel". For the scenes filmed in water, the lake was dyed black, and a hydraulic lift was used for Lee to easily sink in the water.
The music video was available online on November 27, 2006, and posted on Evanescence's official website in December. The clip peaked at number four on "Total Request Live" countdown list of the best music videos in January 2007. A behind-the-scenes clip from the filming set of the music video was posted on January 12, 2007 on the band's official YouTube channel.

</doc>
<doc id="7005033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005033" title="Guntur Medical College">
Guntur Medical College

Guntur Medical College is a medical college in Guntur, India. It offers graduate and undergraduate courses in medical sciences. The college is affiliated to Dr. NTR University of Health Sciences and is in the process of becoming autonomous as Guntur Institute of Medical Sciences.
The college works in conjunction with Government General Hospital-Guntur, a tertiary care hospital with 1500 beds, catering to the health needs of the public of the coastal belt of Andhra Pradesh, India.
History.
The construction of the college was started in 1946. In July 1954, clinical courses started. The college began with 50 undergraduate students. By 1960, the number was 150 students in the clinical subjects in 1958.
The college admits 78 postgraduate students every year. In addition to the undergraduate and postgraduate teaching, the college trains paramedical staff like radiographers, lab technicians, lab attendants, pharmacists, nurses, and sanitary inspectors.
After the formation of the AP University of Health Sciences in 1989, it was affiliated to APUHS (now it is NTRUHS), Vijayawada.
Quiz programmes were conducted at college and national Levels to explore the skills of the students. There are sports activities and GMC students have won the University blues and athletic awards. GMC also has arts and cultural activities.
There is a students' co-operative store and a students' canteen on the campus.
The library accommodates 150 undergraduate students and 50 postgraduate students and has accommodation for staff. A reading room has been constructed by GMCANA for the benefit of students. The male students have hostel facilities located on the Amaravathi Road about 3  km. from the college. There are two buildings which provide accommodation for 302 students. A ladies' hostel opposite to Guntur Officers Club provides accommodation for 210 female students. There are college buses for the transport of students from the hostel to the college and hospital. Both hostels are located in an area which serves as a playground for sports activities.
Guntur General Hospital has a bed count of 1038. The OP departments provide medical relief for between four and five thousand people daily. The hospital houses an interns' hostel, a postgraduates' hostel, and a nursing school.

</doc>
<doc id="7005036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005036" title="The shop around the corner">
The shop around the corner



</doc>
<doc id="7005037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005037" title="Ancient history of Yemen">
Ancient history of Yemen

The ancient history of Yemen or South Arabia is especially important as one of the oldest centers of civilization in the Near East. Its relatively fertile land and adequate rainfall in a moister climate helped sustain a stable population, a feature recognized by the ancient Greek geographer Ptolemy, who described Yemen as "Eudaimon Arabia" (better known in its Latin translation, "Arabia Felix") meaning "Fortunate Arabia" or "Happy Arabia". Between the eighth century BCE and the sixth century CE, it was dominated by six main states which rivaled each other, or were allied with each other and controlled the lucrative spice trade: Saba', Ma'īn, Qatabān, Hadhramaut, Kingdom of Awsan, and the Himyarite Kingdom. Islam arrived in 630 CE and Yemen became part of the Muslim realm.
The centers of the Old South Arabian kingdoms of present-day Yemen lay around the desert area called Ramlat al-Sab'atayn, known to medieval Arab geographers as Ṣayhad. The southern and western Highlands and the coastal region were less influential politically. The coastal cities were however already very important from the beginning for trade. Apart from the territory of modern Yemen, the kingdoms extended into Oman, as far as the north Arabian oasis of Lihyan (also called Dedan), to Eritrea, and even along coastal East Africa to what is now Tanzania.
Archaeology of Yemen.
Sabaean Studies, the study of the cultures of Ancient South Arabia, belong to the younger branches of archaeology since in Europe ancient South Arabia remained unknown for much longer than other regions of the Orient. In 1504 a European, namely the Italian Lodovico di Varthema, first managed to venture into the interior. Two Danish expeditions contributed to by Johann David Michaelis (1717–1791) and Carsten Niebuhr (1733–1815) among others, contributed to scientific study, if only in a modest way.
 In the first half of the 19th century other European travelers brought back over one hundred inscriptions. This stage of investigation reached its climax with the travels of the Frenchman Joseph Halévy 1869/70 and the Austrian Eduard Glaser 1882–1894, who together either copied or brought back to Europe some 2500 inscriptions. On the basis of this epigraphical material Glaser and Fritz Hommel especially began to analyse the Old South Arabian language and history. After the First World War excavations were finally carried out in Yemen. From 1926 Syrians and Egyptians also took part in the research into ancient South Arabia. The Second World War brought in a new phase of scientific preoccupation with ancient Yemen: in 1950–1952 the American Foundation for the Study of Man, founded by Wendell Phillips, undertook large-scale excavations in Timna and Ma'rib, in which William Foxwell Albright and Fr. Albert Jamme, who published the corpus of inscriptions, were involved. From 1959 Gerald Lankester Harding began the first systematic inventories of the archaeological objects in the then British Protectorate of Aden. At this time Hermann von Wissmann was particularly involved with the study of the history and geography of ancient South Arabia. In addition, the French excavations of 1975–1987 in Shabwah and in other locations, the Italian investigations of Paleolithic remains and the work of the German Archaeological Institute in the Ma'rib area are particularly noteworthy.
Written sources.
The body of source material for Old South Arabia is sparse. Apart from a few mentions in Assyrian, Persian, Roman and Arabic sources, as well as in the Old Testament, which date back to the 8th century BCE right up to the Islamic period, the Old South Arabian inscriptions are the main source. These are however largely very short and as a result limited in the information they provide. The predominant part of the inscriptions originates from Saba' and from the Sabaeo-Himyaritic Kingdom which succeeded it, the least come from Awsān, which only existed as an independent state for a short time. Most of the extant texts are building inscriptions or dedications; it is rare for historical texts to be found.
Chronology.
Although the Kingdom of Saba' already appears in Assyrian sources in the 8th century BCE, this benchmark is not sufficient to date the early history of ancient South Arabia, because the first absolutely reliable dating starts with the military campaign of Aelius Gallus in 25 BCE, and the mention of the king Ilasaros. For earlier times the chronology must be established on the basis of a comparison of the Old South Arabian finds with those from other regions, through palaeography, on the basis of the reconstructed sequence of kings and by radio carbon dating. Here two schools of thought have essentially evolved: the "Short Chronology" and the "Long Chronology". At the end of the 19th century Eduard Glaser and Fritz Hommel dated the beginning of the Old South Arabian Civilisation to the late 2nd millennium BCE, a dating that persisted for many years. 
In 1955 Jacqueline Pirenne published a comparison of Old South Arabian and Greek art and came to the conclusion that the South Arabian Civilisation first developed in the 5th century BCE under Greek influence. She also supported this new "Short Chronology" by means of paleaeographic analysis of the forms Old South Arabian letters. Based on the American excavations in Timna and Ma'rib in 1951–52 another "Intermediary Chronology" came into being at about the same time, which merely set the beginning of Qatabān and Ma'īn at a later time than in the "Long Chronology". On the basis of the study of a rock inscription at Ma'rib ("Glaser 1703") A. G. Lundin and Hermann von Wissmann dated the beginning of Saba' back into the 12th or the 8th century BCE. Although their interpretation was later demonstrated to be partially incorrect, the "Short Chronology" has not been definitively proven, and in more recent times more arguments have been brought against it. Above all because of the results of new archaeological research, such as that carried out by the Italians in Yala / Hafari and by the French in Shabwah the "Long Chronology" attracts more and more supporters. Meanwhile, the majority of experts in Sabaean studies adhere to Wissman's Long Chronology, which is why the dates in this article have been adjusted in accordance with it.
Islamic accounts of pre-dynastic Qahṭān (3rd millennium BCE - 8th century BCE).
According to medieval Muslim Arab historians, ancient Semitic-speaking peoples of South Arabia united as the Qahtanites. The Qahṭānites began building simple earth dams and canals in the Marib area in the Ramlat al-Sab'atayn. This area would later become the site of the Marib Dam.
A trade route began to flourish along the Red Sea coasts of Tihāmah. This period witnessed the reign of the legendary Queen of Sheba mentioned in the Bible, called "Bilqīs" by Muslim scholars.
At the end of this period, in the 9th century BCE, writing was introduced; this now meant that South Arabian history could be written down.
Archaeology and the prehistory of Yemen.
The study of South Arabian prehistory is still at the beginning, although sites are known going back to the Palaeolithic. There are tumuli and megalithic enclosures dating back to the Neolithic. Immediately before the historical kingdoms in 2500, two Bronze Age cultures go out of North Yemen and from the coast of the Indian Ocean. In the middle of the second millennium BCE, the first important urban centers appear in the coastal area, among which are the sites of Sabir and Ma'laybah. So far, it has not been adequately explained whether the Old South Arabian Civilization of Yemen was a direct continuation from the Bronze Age, or if at the beginning of the Iron Age groups of people began wandering south from Palestine or North Arabia, as is partly conjectured.
Documented history.
It is not yet possible to specify with any certainty when the great South Arabian Kingdoms appeared; estimates range (within the framework of the long chronology) from the 12th until the 8th century BCE.
Kingdom of Saba (12th century BCE – 275 CE).
During Sabaean rule, trade and agriculture flourished generating much wealth and prosperity. The Sabaean kingdom was located in what is now the 'Asīr region in southwestern Saudi Arabia, and its capital, Ma'rib, is located near what is now Yemen's modern capital, Sana'a. According to Arab tradition, the eldest son of Noah, Shem, founded the city of Sana’a, which is also called the city of Sam, or also called Azal city, which means the ancient city.
Sabaean hegemony (800 BCE – 400 BCE).
At the time of the earliest historical sources originating in South Arabia the territory was under the rule of the Kingdom of Saba', the centres of which were situated to the east of present-day Sana'a in Ṣirwāḥ and Ma'rib. The political map of South Arabia at that time consisted of several larger kingdoms, or rather tribal territories: Awsān, Qatabān and the Ḥaḑramawt; and on the other hand an uncertain number of smaller states, such as the city states of Ḥaram and Nashaq in al-Jawf. Shortly after, Yitha'amar Watar I had united Qatabān and some areas in al-Jawf with Saba', the Kingdom reached the peak of its power under Karib'il Watar I, who probably reigned some time around the first half of the 7th century BCE, and ruled all the region from Najrān in the south of modern South Arabia right up to Bāb al-Mandab, on the Red Sea. The formation of the Minaean Kingdom in the river oasis of al-Jawf, north-west of Saba' in the 6th century BCE, actually posed a danger for Sabaean hegemony, but Yitha'amar Bayyin II, who had completed the great reservoir dam of Ma'rib, succeeded in reconquering the northern part of South Arabia. Between the 8th and 4th centuries the state of Da'amot emerged, under Sabaean influence in Ethiopia, which survived until the beginning of the Christian era at the latest. The exact chronology of Da'amot and to what extent it was politically independent of Saba' remains in any case uncertain.
The success of the Kingdom was based on the cultivation and trade of spices and aromatics including frankincense and myrrh. These were exported to the Mediterranean, India, and Abyssinia where they were greatly prized by many cultures, using camels on routes through Arabia, and to India by sea. Evidence of Sabaean influence is found in northern Ethiopia, where the South Arabian alphabet, religion and pantheon, and the South Arabian style of art and architecture were introduced. The Sabaeans created a sense of identity through their religion. They worshipped El-Maqah and believed that they were his children. For centuries, the Sabaeans controlled outbound trade across the Bab-el-Mandeb, a strait separating the Arabian Peninsula from the Horn of Africa and the Red Sea from the Indian Ocean.
Agriculture in Yemen thrived during this time due to an advanced irrigation system which consisted of large water tunnels in mountains, and dams. The most impressive of these earthworks, known as the Ma'rib Dam was built c. 700 BCE, provided irrigation for about 25,000 acres (101 km²) of land and stood for over a millennium, finally collapsing in 570 CE after centuries of neglect. The final destruction of the dam is noted in the Qur'an and the consequent failure of the irrigation system provoked the migration of up to 50,000 people.
The Sabaean kingdom, with its capital at Ma'rib where the remains of a large temple can still be seen, thrived for almost 14 centuries. This kingdom was the Sheba described in the Old Testament.
Kingdom of Ḥaḑramawt (8th century BCE – 300 CE).
The first known inscriptions of Ḥaḑramawt are known from the 8th century BCE. It was first referenced by an outside civilization in an Old Sabaic inscription of Karab'il Watar from the early 7th century BCE, in which the King of Ḥaḑramawtt, Yada'il, is mentioned as being one of his allies. When the Minaeans took control of the caravan routes in the 4th century BCE, however, Ḥaḑramawt became one of its confederates, probably because of commercial interests. It later became independent and was invaded by the growing kingdom of Ḥimyar toward the end of the 1st century BCE, but it was able to repel the attack. Ḥaḑramawt annexed Qatabān in the second half of the 2nd century CE, reaching its greatest size. During this period, Ḥaḑramawt was continuously at war with Himyar and Saba', and the Sabaean king Sha'irum Awtar was even able to take its capital, Shabwah, in 225. During this period the Kingdom of Aksum began to interfere in South Arabian affairs. King GDRT of Aksum acted by dispatching troops under his son, BYGT, sending them from the western coast to occupy Thifar, the Ḥimyarite capital, as well as from the southern coast against Ḥaḑramawt as Sabaean allies. The kingdom of Ḥaḑramawt was eventually conquered by the Ḥimyarite king Shammar Yuhar'ish around 300 CE, unifying all of the south Arabic kingdoms.
Kingdom of Awsan (800 BCE – 500 BCE).
The ancient Kingdom of Awsān in South Arabia with a capital at Ḥajar Yaḥirr in Wādī Markhah, to the south of the Wādī Bayḥān, is now marked by a tell or artificial mound, which is locally named Ḥajar Asfal in Shabwah. Once it was one of the most important small kingdoms of South Arabia. The city seems to have been destroyed in the 7th century BCE by the king and mukarrib of Saba Karib'il Watar, according to a Sabaean text that reports the victory in terms that attest to its significance for the Sabaeans.
Between 700 and 680 BC, the Kingdom of Awsan dominated Aden and its surroundings and challenged the Sabaean supremacy in South Arabia. Sabaean Mukarrib Karib'il Watar I conquered Awsan, and expanded Sabaean rule and territory to include much of South Arabia. Lack of water in the Arabian Peninsula prevented the Sabaeans from unifying the entire peninsula. Instead, they established various colonies to control trade routes.
Kingdom of Qatabān (4th century BCE – 200 CE).
Qatabān was one of the ancient Yemeni kingdoms which thrived in the Bayḥān valley. Like the other Southern Arabian kingdoms it gained great wealth from the trade of frankincense and myrrh incense which were burned at altars. The capital of Qatabān was named Timna and was located on the trade route which passed through the other kingdoms of Ḥaḑramawt, Saba' and Ma'īn. The chief deity of the Qatabānians was 'Amm, or "Uncle" and the people called themselves the "children of 'Amm".
Kingdom of Ma'in (8th century BCE – 100 BCE).
During Minaean rule, the capital was at Qarnāwu (now known as Ma'in). Their other important city was Yathill (Sabaean yṯl :now known as Barāqish). Other parts of modern Yemen include Qatabā and the coastal string of watering stations known as the Hadhramaut. Though Saba' dominated in the earlier period of South Arabian history, Minaic inscriptions are of the same time period as the first Sabaean inscriptions. They pre-date the appearance of the Minaeans themselves, and, hence, are called now more appropriately as "Madhābic", after the name of the Wadi they are found in, rather than "Minaic". The Minaean Kingdom was centered in northwestern Yemen, with most of its cities lying along the Wādī Madhhāb. Minaic inscriptions have been found far afield of the Kingdom of Ma'in, as far away as al-Ūlā in northwestern Saudi Arabia and even on the island of Delos and in Egypt. It was the first of the South Arabian kingdoms to end, and the Minaean language died around 100 CE.
Kingdom of Ḥimyar (2nd century BCE – 525 CE).
The Ḥimyarites eventually united Southwestern Arabia, controlling the Red Sea as well as the coasts of the Gulf of Aden. From their capital city, the Ḥimyarite kings launched successful military campaigns, and had stretched its domain at times as far east to the Persian Gulf and as far north as the Arabian Desert.
During the 3rd century CE, the South Arabian kingdoms were in continuous conflict with one another. GDRT of Aksum began to interfere in South Arabian affairs, signing an alliance with Saba', and a Ḥimyarite text notes that Ḥaḑramawt and Qatabān were also all allied against the kingdom. As a result of this, the Kingdom of Aksum was able to capture the Ḥimyarite capital of Ẓifār in the first quarter of the 3rd century. However, the alliances did not last, and Sha'ir Awtar of Saba' unexpectedly turned on Ḥadramawt, allying again with Aksum and taking its capital in 225. Ḥimyar then allied with Saba' and invaded the newly taken Aksumite territories, retaking Ẓifār, which had been under the control of GDRT's son BYGT, and pushing Aksum back into the Tihāmah.
They established their capital at Thifar (now just a small village in the Ibb region) and gradually absorbed the Sabaean kingdom. They traded from the port of Mawza'a on the Red Sea. Dhū Nuwās, a Ḥimyarite king, changed the state religion to Judaism in the beginning of the 6th century and began to massacre the Christians. Outraged, Kaleb, the Christian King of Aksum with the encouragement of the Byzantine Emperor Justin I invaded and annexed Yemen. About fifty years later, Yemen fell to Persia.
Kingdom of Aksum (520 – 570 CE).
Around 517/8, a Jewish king called Yūsuf Asar Yathar (also known as Dhū Nuwās) usurped the kingship of Ḥimyar from Ma'dikarib Ya'fur. Zacharias Rhetor of Mytilene (fl. late 6th century) says that Yūsuf became king because the previous king had died in winter, when the Aksumites could not cross the Red Sea and appoint another king. The truth behind such a claim is put into doubt due to Ma'dikarib Ya'fur having a long title. Upon gaining power, Yusuf attacked the Aksumite garrison in Zafar, the Himyarite capital, killing many and destroying the church there. The Christian King Kaleb of Axum learned of Dhu Nuwas's persecutions of Christians and Aksumites, and, according to Procopius, was further encouraged by his ally and fellow Christian Justin I of Byzantium, who requested Aksum's help to cut off silk supplies as part of his economic war against the Persians.
Yusuf marched toward the port city of Mocha, killing 14,000 and capturing 11,000. Then he settled a camp in Bab-el-Mandeb to prevent aid flowing from Aksum. At the same time, he sent an army under the command of another Jewish warlord, Sharahil Yaqbul, to Najran. Sharahil had reinforcements from the Bedouins of the Kinda and Madh'hij tribes, eventually wiping out the Christian community in Najran by means of execution and forced conversion to Judaism. Blady speculates that he was likely motivated by stories about Byzantine violence against Byzantine Jewish communities in his decision to begin his campaign of state violence against Christians existing within his territory.
Christian sources portray Dhu Nuwas as a Jewish zealot, while Islamic traditions say that he marched around 20,000 Christians into trenches filled with flaming oil, burning them alive. Himyarite inscriptions attributed to Dhu Nuwas show great pride in killing 27,000, enslaving 20,500 Christians in Ẓafār and Najran and killing 570,000 beasts of burden belonging to them as a matter of imperial policy. It is reported that Byzantium Emperor Justin I sent a letter to the Aksumite King Kaleb, pressuring him to "...attack the abominable Hebrew." A military alliance of Byzantine, Aksumite, and Arab Christians successfully defeated Dhu Nuwas around 525–527 and a client Christian king was installed on the Himyarite throne.
Esimiphaios was a local Christian lord, mentioned in an inscription celebrating the burning of an ancient Sabaean palace in Marib to build a church on its ruins. Three churches were built in Najran. Many tribes did not recognize Esimiphaios's authority. Esimiphaios was displaced in 531 by a warrior named Abraha, who refused to leave Yemen and declared himself an independent king of Himyar.
Kaleb sent a fleet across the Red Sea and was able to defeat Dhū Nuwās, who was killed in battle according to an inscription from Ḥusn al-Ghurāb, while later Arab tradition has him riding his horse into the sea. Kaleb installed a native Ḥimyarite viceroy, Samu Yafa', who ruled from 525–27 until 531, when he was deposed by the Aksumite general (or soldier and former slave) Abrahah with the support of disgruntled Axumn soldiers. A contemporary inscription refers to Sumyafa' Ashwa' as "viceroy for the kings of Aksum. According to the later Arabic sources, Kaleb retaliated by sending a force of 3,000 men under a relative, but the troops defected and killed their leader, and a second attempt at reigning in the rebellious Abrahah also failed. Later Ethiopian sources state that Kaleb abdicated to live out his years in a monastery and sent his crown to be hung in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem. While uncertain, it seems to be supported by the die-links between his coins and those of his successor, Alla Amidas. An inscription of Sumyafa' Ashwa' also mentions two kings ("nagaśt") of Aksum, indicating that the two may have co-ruled for a while before Kaleb abdicated in favor of Alla Amidas.
Procopius notes that Abrahah later submitted to Kaleb's successor, as supported by the former's inscription in 543 stating Aksum before the territories directly under his control. During his reign, Abrahah repaired the Ma'rib Dam in 543, and received embassies from Persia and Byzantium, including a request to free some bishops who had been imprisoned at Nisibis (according to John of Ephesus's "Life of Simeon"). Abraha ruled until at least 547, sometime after which he was succeeded by his son, Aksum. Aksum (called "Yaksum" in Arabic sources) was perplexingly referred to as "of Ma'afir" ("ḏū maʻāfir"), the southwestern coast of Yemen, in Abrahah's Ma'rib dam inscription, and was succeeded by his brother, Masrūq. Aksumite control in Yemen ended in 570 with the invasion of the elder Sassanid general Vahriz who, according to later legends, famously killed Masrūq with his well-aimed arrow.
Later Arabic sources also say that Abrahah constructed a great Church called "al-Qulays" at Sana'a in order to divert pilgrimage from the Ka'bah and have him die in the Year of the Elephant (570) after returning from a failed attack on Mecca (though he is thought to have died before this time). The exact chronology of the early wars are uncertain, as a 525 inscription mentions the death of a King of Ḥimyar, which could refer either to the Ḥimyarite viceroy of Aksum, Sumyafa' Ashwa', or to Yusuf Asar Yathar. The later Arabic histories also mention a conflict between Abrahah and another Aksumite general named Aryat occurring in 525 as leading to the rebellion.
Sassanid period (570–630 CE).
Emperor Khosrow I sent troops under the command of Wahrez, who helped the semi-legendary Sayf ibn Dhi Yazan to drive the Kingdom of Aksum out of Yemen. South Arabia became a Persian dominion under a Yemenite vassal and thus came within the sphere of influence of the Sasanian Empire. Later another army was sent to Yemen, and in 597/8 Southern Arabia became a province of the Sassanid Empire under a Persian satrap. It was a Persian province by name but after the Persians assassinated Dhi Yazan, Yemen divided into a number of autonomous kingdoms.
This development was a consequence of the expansionary policy pursued by the Sassanian king Khosrow II (590–628), whose aim was to secure Persian border areas such as Yemen against Roman and Byzantine incursions. Following the death of Khosrau II in 628, then the Persian governor in Southern Arabia, Badhan, converted to Islam and Yemen followed the new religion.

</doc>
<doc id="7005047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005047" title="Chaos in the Windy City">
Chaos in the Windy City



</doc>
<doc id="7005052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005052" title="Vsetin HC">
Vsetin HC



</doc>
<doc id="7005053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005053" title="Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Queen of the World">
Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary, Queen of the World



</doc>
<doc id="7005060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005060" title="HC Vsetin">
HC Vsetin



</doc>
<doc id="7005062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005062" title="Energy conversion efficiency">
Energy conversion efficiency

Energy conversion efficiency (η) is the ratio between the useful output of an energy conversion machine and the input, in energy terms. The input, as well as the useful output may be chemical, electric power, mechanical work, light (radiation), or heat. The resulting value, η (eta), ranges between 0 and 1.
Overview.
Energy conversion efficiency depends on the usefulness of the output. All or part of the heat produced from burning a fuel may become rejected waste heat if, for example, work is the desired output from a thermodynamic cycle. Energy converter is an example of an energy transformation. For example, a light bulb falls into the categories energy converter. 
formula_1
Even though the definition includes the notion of usefulness, efficiency is considered a technical or physical term. Goal or mission oriented terms include effectiveness and efficacy.
Generally, energy conversion efficiency is a dimensionless number between 0 and 1.0, or 0% to 100%. Efficiencies cannot exceed 100%, which would result in a perpetual motion machine, which is impossible.
However, other effectiveness measures that can exceed 1.0 are used for refrigerators, heat pumps and other devices that move heat rather than convert it. It is not called efficiency, but the coefficient of performance, or COP. It is a ratio of useful heating or cooling provided relative to the work (energy) required. Higher COPs equate to higher efficiency, lower energy (power) consumption and thus lower operating costs. The COP usually exceeds 1, especially in heat pumps, because instead of just converting work to heat (which, if 100% efficient, would be a COP of 1), it pumps additional heat from a heat source to where the heat is required. Most air conditioners have a COP of 2.3 to 3.5.
When talking about the efficiency of heat engines and power stations the convention should be stated, i.e., HHV ( Gross Heating Value, etc.) or LCV (a.k.a. Net Heating value), and whether gross output (at the generator terminals) or net output (at the power station fence) are being considered. The two are separate but both must be stated. Failure to do so causes endless confusion.
Related, more specific terms include
Chemical conversion efficiency.
The change of Gibbs energy of a defined chemical transformation at a particular temperature is the minimum theoretical quantity of energy required to make that change occur (if the change in Gibbs energy between reactants and products is positive) or the maximum theoretical energy that might be obtained from that change (if the change in Gibbs energy between reactants and products is negative). The energy efficiency of a process involving chemical change may be expressed relative to these theoretical minima or maxima. The difference between the change of enthalpy and the change of Gibbs energy of a chemical transformation at a particular temperature indicates the heat input required or the heat removal (cooling) required to maintain that temperature.
A fuel cell may be considered to be the reverse of electrolysis. For example, an ideal fuel cell operating at a temperature of 25 °C having gaseous hydrogen and gaseous oxygen as inputs and liquid water as the output could produce a theoretical maximum amount of electrical energy of 237.129 kJ (0.06587 kWh) per gram mol (18.0154 gram) of water produced and would require 48.701 kJ (0.01353 kWh) per gram mol of water produced of heat energy to be removed from the cell to maintain that temperature.
An ideal electrolysis unit operating at a temperature of 25 °C having liquid water as the input and gaseous hydrogen and gaseous oxygen as products would require a theoretical minimum input of electrical energy of 237.129 kJ (0.06587 kWh) per gram mol (18.0154 gram) of water consumed and would require 48.701 kJ (0.01353 kWh) per gram mol of water consumed of heat energy to be added to the unit to maintain that temperature. It would operate at a cell voltage of 1.24 V.
For a water electrolysis unit operating at a constant temperature of 25 °C without the input of any additional heat energy, electrical energy would have to be supplied at a rate equivalent of the enthalpy (heat) of reaction or 285.830 kJ (0.07940 kWh) per gram mol of water consumed. It would operate at a cell voltage of 1.48 V. The electrical energy input of this cell is 1.20 times greater than the theoretical minimum so the energy efficiency is 0.83 compared to the ideal cell. 
A water electrolysis unit operating with a higher voltage that 1.48 V and at a temperature of 25 °C would have to have heat energy removed in order to maintain a constant temperature and the energy efficiency would be less than 0.83.
The large entropy difference between liquid water and gaseous hydrogen plus gaseous oxygen accounts for the significant difference between the Gibbs energy of reaction and the enthalpy (heat) of reaction.
Fuel heating values and efficiency.
In Europe the usable energy content of a fuel is typically calculated using the lower heating value (LHV) of that fuel, the definition of which assumes that the water vapor produced during fuel combustion (oxidation) remains gaseous, and is not condensed to liquid water so the latent heat of vaporization of that water is not usable. Using the LHV, a condensing boiler can achieve a "heating efficiency" in excess of 100% (this does not violate the first law of thermodynamics as long as the LHV convention is understood, but does cause confusion). This is because the apparatus recovers part of the heat of vaporization, which is not included in the definition of the lower heating value of a fuel. In the U.S. and elsewhere, the higher heating value (HHV) is used, which includes the latent heat for condensing the water vapor, and thus the thermodynamic maximum of 100% efficiency cannot be exceeded.
Wall-plug efficiency, luminous efficiency, and efficacy.
In optical systems such as lighting and lasers, the energy conversion efficiency is often referred to as wall-plug efficiency. The wall-plug efficiency is the measure of output radiative-energy, in watts (joules per second), per total input electrical energy in watts. The output energy is usually measured in terms of absolute irradiance and the wall-plug efficiency is given as a percentage of the total input energy, with the inverse percentage representing the losses.
The wall-plug efficiency differs from the "luminous efficiency" in that wall-plug efficiency describes the direct output/input conversion of energy (the amount of work that can be performed) whereas luminous efficiency takes into account the human eye's varying sensitivity to different wavelengths (how well it can illuminate a space). Instead of using watts, the power of a light source to produce wavelengths proportional to human perception is measured in lumens. The human eye is most sensitive to wavelengths of 555 nanometers (greenish-yellow) but the sensitivity decreases dramatically to either side of this wavelength, following a Gaussian power-curve and dropping to zero sensitivity at the red and violet ends of the spectrum. Due to this the eye does not usually see all of the wavelengths emitted by a particular light-source, nor does it see all of the wavelengths within the visual spectrum equally. Yellow and green, for example, make up more than 50% of what the eye perceives as being white, even though in terms of radiant energy white-light is made from equal portions of all colors (i.e.: a 5 mW green laser appears brighter than a 5 mW red laser, yet the red laser stands-out better against a white background). Therefore, the radiant intensity of a light source may be much greater than its luminous intensity, meaning that the source emits more energy than the eye can use. Likewise, the lamp's wall-plug efficiency is usually greater than its luminous efficiency. The effectiveness of a light source to convert electrical energy into wavelengths of visible light, in proportion to the sensitivity of the human eye, is referred to as luminous efficacy, which is measured in units of lumens per watt (lm/w) of electrical input-energy.
Unlike efficacy (effectiveness), which is a unit of measurement, efficiency is a unitless number expressed as a percentage, requiring only that the input and output units be of the same type. The luminous efficiency of a light source is thus the percentage of luminous efficacy per theoretical maximum efficacy at a specific wavelength. The amount of energy carried by a photon of light is determined by its wavelength. In lumens, this energy is offset by the eye's sensitivity to the selected wavelengths. For example, a green laser pointer can have greater than 30 times the apparent brightness of a red pointer of the same power output. At 555 nm in wavelength, 1 watt of radiant energy is equivalent to 683 lumens, thus a monochromatic light source at this wavelength, with a luminous efficacy of 683 lm/w, would have a luminous efficiency of 100%. The theoretical-maximum efficacy lowers for wavelengths at either side of 555 nm. For example, low-pressure sodium lamps produce monochromatic light at 589 nm with a luminous efficacy of 200 lm/w, which is the highest of any lamp. The theoretical-maximum efficacy at that wavelength is 525 lm/w, so the lamp has a luminous efficiency of 38.1%. Because the lamp is monochromatic, the luminous efficiency nearly matches the wall-plug efficiency of &lt; 40%.
Calculations for luminous efficiency become more complex for lamps that produce white light or a mixture of spectral lines. Fluorescent lamps have higher wall-plug efficiencies than low-pressure sodium lamps, but only have half the luminous efficacy of ~ 100 lm/w, thus the luminous efficiency of fluorescents is lower than sodium lamps. A xenon flashtube has a typical wall-plug efficiency of 50–70%, exceeding that of most other forms of lighting. Because the flashtube emits large amounts of infrared and ultraviolet radiation, only a portion of the output energy is used by the eye. The luminous efficacy is therefore typically around 50 lm/w. However, not all applications for lighting involve the human eye nor are restricted to visible wavelengths. For laser pumping, the efficacy is not related to the human eye so it is not called "luminous" efficacy, but rather simply "efficacy" as it relates to the absorption lines of the laser medium. Krypton flashtubes are often chosen for pumping s, even though their wall-plug efficiency is typically only ~ 40%. Krypton's spectral lines better match the absorption lines of the neodymium-doped crystal, thus the efficacy of krypton for this purpose is much higher than xenon; able to produce up to twice the laser output for the same electrical input. All of these terms refer to the amount of energy and lumens as they exit the light source, disregarding any losses that might occur within the lighting fixture or subsequent output optics. "Luminaire efficiency" refers to the total lumen-output from the fixture per the lamp output.
With the exception of a few light sources, such as incandescent light bulbs, most light sources have multiple stages of energy conversion between the "wall plug" (electrical input point, which may include batteries, direct wiring, or other sources) and the final light-output, with each stage producing a loss. Low-pressure sodium lamps initially convert the electrical energy using an electrical ballast, to maintain the proper current and voltage, but some energy is lost in the ballast. Similarly, fluorescent lamps also convert the electricity using a ballast (electronic efficiency). The electricity is then converted into light energy by the electrical arc (electrode efficiency and discharge efficiency). The light is then transferred to a fluorescent coating that only absorbs suitable wavelengths, with some losses of those wavelengths due to reflection off and transmission through the coating (transfer efficiency). The number of photons absorbed by the coating will not match the number then reemitted as fluorescence (quantum efficiency). Finally, due to the phenomenon of the Stokes shift, the re-emitted photons will have a longer wavelength (thus lower energy) than the absorbed photons (fluorescence efficiency). In very similar fashion, lasers also experience many stages of conversion between the wall plug and the output aperture. The terms "wall-plug efficiency" or "energy conversion efficiency" are therefore used to denote the overall efficiency of the energy-conversion device, deducting the losses from each stage, although this may exclude external components needed to operate some devices, such as coolant pumps.

</doc>
<doc id="7005064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005064" title="Lauro (footballer, born 1980)">
Lauro (footballer, born 1980)

Lauro Júnior Batista da Cruz, simply known as Lauro (born 3 September 1980), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Joinville Esporte Clube.
Career.
Born on 3 September 1980 in Andradina, Lauro began his career in the youth ranks of Radium, making his senior debut in 1999, where he stayed for two years, until 2001, when he signed for Ponte Preta. On 3 August 2003, the 22-year-old Lauro scored a last-minute header against Flamengo to salvage a 1–1 draw in Série A.
In 2006, the 26-year-old Lauro signed for Cruzeiro, but his career there was cut short by an injury sustained the following year, so he was loaned out to Sertãozinho. In 2008, he was sought after by Internacional, whose goalkeepers Renan and Muriel had caught hepatitis. Once Renan was sold to Valencia, Internacional bought Lauro from Cruzeiro for 500,000 reals. In his first months at the club, he won the 2008 Copa Sudamericana, starting in both legs of the final against Estudiantes LP, which ended in a 2–1 aggregate victory. Lauro thus replaced the 40-year-old Clemer as Internacional's new undisputed goalkeeper.
Lauro stayed at the club for five years, from 2008 until 2013, spending the latter two seasons on loan to Ponte Preta and Portuguesa. On 7 August 2013, he scored a last-minute header against Flamengo to salvage a 1–1 draw in Série A, thus accurately recreating the same scenario that had unfolded 10 years and 4 days before. In doing so, he became one of the few goalkeepers to have scored multiple goals from open play, joining an elite group that also includes Peter Schmeichel, Miguel Calero, and Óscar Pérez.
List of goals scored.
Following, is the list with the goals scored by Clemer:

</doc>
<doc id="7005069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005069" title="Batillus-class supertanker">
Batillus-class supertanker

The "Batillus"-class supertankers were a class of supertanker ships built in France in the late 1970s, with four ships of this class built between 1976 and 1979. Three of the ships were scrapped after less than ten years of oil transport service each, with the fourth one scrapped in 2003.
All four tankers were built in the "Bassin C" dock of the Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyards at Saint Nazaire, France.
Measurements.
While being the largest ships ever built by gross tonnage until , the four "Batillus"-class ships were the second largest ever constructed when measuring deadweight tonnage or length overall, behind only the supertanker (renamed five times, including to "Knock Nevis"), which existed from 1979 to 2010.
While there were minor differences between the four "Batillus"-class ships, they all approached a gross tonnage (GT) of 275,000 and tonnage, and had a length overall of over (longer than all but a few of the tallest skyscrapers in the world).
The "Batillus" class had a depth of nearly from the main deck and a full load draft of , the greatest of any vessel, and slightly greater than the two "Globtik Tokyo"-class Ultra Large Crude Carriers (ULCCs).
Unlike "Seawise Giant" and most other ULCCs, the "Batillus"-class vessels had twin propellers, twin boilers of full size and power, and twin rudders. As a result, in the event of an engine or other failure, they could continue operation with the remaining propeller and boiler.

</doc>
<doc id="7005073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005073" title="Mount Sinai Hospital Research Institute">
Mount Sinai Hospital Research Institute



</doc>
<doc id="7005081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005081" title="Batillus">
Batillus

Batillus was a supertanker built in 1976 by Chantiers de l'Atlantique at Saint-Nazaire for the French branch of Shell Oil. The first vessel of the , she was, together with her sister ships , and "Prairial", one of the biggest ships in the world, surpassed in size only by (later "Jahre Viking", "Happy Giant" and "Knock Nevis") built in 1976, and extended in 1981, although the four ships of the "Batillus" class had a larger gross tonnage. She was sold for scrap in 1985 after a prolonged downturn in the oil market made her economically impractical.
History.
The contract to build the "Batillus"-class supertankers was signed on 6 April 1971, and the first sheet metal was cut in January 1975. Meanwhile, the oil shock caused by the Yom Kippur War in October 1973, resulted in higher oil prices and reduction of imports from industrialized countries. The cancellation of the order had been seriously considered, but Shell concluded that it was better to continue, mostly to not put the shipyard in very difficult position with withdrawal of such a huge, already initiated project, (the work commitments were already well advanced, with extremely heavy cancellation charges) hoping also on better times in future.
The ship was completed and put in service in 1976, simultaneously with new, purposely built, oil terminal Antifer, near Le Havre, one of very few ports in the world capable of accommodating "Batillus"-class tankers. Her first captain was Roger Priser. She made a total of 25 voyages between the Persian Gulf and northern Europe, and one-off sail between the Persian Gulf and Curaçao in June–July 1977, a total of 20 dockings to Antifer. In the Persian Gulf, oil terminals that served were Mina al Fahal (Oman), Halul island (Qatar), Kharg Island (Iran), Ras Tanura, Ras al-Ju'aymah (Saudi Arabia), Mina Al-Ahmadi and Sea Island (Kuwait). In Europe, the only other port of call was Europoort, Rotterdam, but there were also transloadings at sea to smaller units in England and Irish Sea.
The international oil market, however, did not improve, and while from 1977 to 1980, "Batillus" performed four to five regular trips per year, she had a bit more than two trips in 1981 and three in 1982. From early November 1982, she was in permanent waiting for cargo at the Gulf entrance, until June 1983 when the last oil shipment was embarked. From 22 August 1983, to 8 November 1985, "Batillus" was moored at Vestnes, Norway. On 17 October 1985, Royal Dutch Shell decided to sell the ship for scrap, for less than $8 million. Her last voyage was from Vestnes to Kaohsiung, Taiwan, where she arrived on 28 December 1985, to be scrapped.
Technical data.
The ship's length overall was , her beam , and draft . "Batillus" was measured at and . Propulsion was provided by two propellers each driven by two Stal-Laval steam turbines developing a single capacity of per turbine. The service speed was , with fuel consumption of about of heavy oil per day and fuel enough for 42 days.
The cargo was carried in 40 tanks with a total volume of . They were divided into central and lateral tanks, whose dimensions were designed to considerably reduce the risk of pollution caused by collision or grounding. Ahead of the international standards of the time, the wing tanks had a maximum unit volume not exceeding , which was reduced to in the most vulnerable parts of ship.

</doc>
<doc id="7005085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005085" title="Bear grass nc">
Bear grass nc



</doc>
<doc id="7005089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005089" title="Bellamya">
Bellamya

Bellamya was a supertanker, built in 1976 by Chantiers de l'Atlantique at Saint-Nazaire for the French branch of Shell Oil. She was the second . "Bellamya", together with her sister ships , and , was one of the biggest ships in the world, surpassed in size only by (later "Jahre Viking", "Happy Giant" and "Knock Nevis") built in 1976, and extended in 1981, although the four ships of the "Batillus" class had a larger gross tonnage. By gross tonnage—a measure of volume—"Bellamya" was the largest ship ever built.
History.
The contract to build the "Batillus"-class supertankers was signed on 6 April 1971, and the first sheet metal was cut in January 1975. Meanwhile, the oil shock caused by the Yom Kippur War in October 1973 resulted in higher oil prices and reduced imports by industrialized countries. The cancellation of the orders was seriously considered, but Shell concluded that it was better to continue, mostly to not put the shipyard in a very difficult position by withdrawing such a huge, already initiated project (the work commitments were already well advanced, with extremely heavy cancellation charges). It was also hoped for an improvement in market conditions.
The ship was completed and put in service in 1976, months after the completion of her sister ship "Batillus", and that of the new, purposely built, oil terminal Antifer, near Le Havre, one of very few ports in the world capable of accommodating "Batillus"-class tankers. The international oil market however, did not improve; her size also placed restrictions on where she could be employed, and this must have led to her early demise. Active service ended when "Bellamya" was laid up at Vestnes, Norway, on 26 January 1984, and she arrived at Ulsan, South Korea, on 6 January 1986 to be scrapped.
Technical data.
"Bellamya"s length overall was , her beam was , and draft . The ship was measured at , and . Propulsion was provided by two propellers each driven by two Stal-Laval steam turbines developing a total capacity of . The service speed was , with fuel consumption of about of heavy oil per day and fuel enough for 42 days.
The cargo was carried in 40 tanks with a total volume of . They were divided into central and lateral tanks, whose dimensions was designed to reduce considerably the risk of pollution caused by collision or grounding. Ahead of the international standards of the time, the wing tanks had a maximum unit volume not exceeding , which was reduced to in the most vulnerable parts of ship.

</doc>
<doc id="7005091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005091" title="Rfid password">
Rfid password



</doc>
<doc id="7005099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005099" title="Contra Costa County Library">
Contra Costa County Library

The Contra Costa County Library is the public library system in Contra Costa County, California, United States. There are 26 community libraries including the NRHP-listed Martinez Library, access to electronic information via a website, over 455,000 cardholders and more than 7 million items borrowed annually. Its headquarters are in Martinez.
History.
Founded in 1913, the Contra Costa County Library brought a commitment to widespread, county-wide service. Prior to this time, libraries for the public included the Martinez Free Reading Room and Library Association established in 1896 and the Richmond Public Library established in 1909.
By the 1920s, there were over 40 branches and the Contra Costa County Library also provided service to 64 public schools. During the years following World War II, the library began to reflect the newly developing suburban nature of the county it served. In the mid-1950s, the library began an ambitious program to construct much larger branch buildings. This eventually led to the construction of most of the buildings that the library uses today. Between 1958 and 1974, 15 of the 21 library buildings now in use were opened. Among these were the county's first central library and the adjacent administrative and technical services center, which opened in 1961. At the present time, there are 26 community libraries and an online service available anywhere.
Service.
The library provides both physical and online collections. Users require a free library card to access most services.
Approximate figures for service use in the year 2009–2010 include 455,000 cardholders, and over 7 million items borrowed; 400,000 online subscription database searches, 600,000 items renewed online, 700,000 holds placed using the online catalog, 30,000 eBooks circulated, and 150,000 program attendees.
Other programs.
Project Second Chance
Project Second Chance (PSC), the Contra Costa County Library's adult literacy program, was founded in 1984. PSC offers basic literacy instruction by volunteers to adults. Since it began, the program has helped more than 4,000 people improve their reading, writing, and spelling skills.
Discover &amp; Go
Discover and Go is a museum pass program developed by Contra Costa County Library in 2011 that provides California library cardholders with free and discounted tickets to local museums and cultural institutions. Discover &amp; Go was awarded the 2012 National Medal for Museum and Library Service, the nation's highest honor recognizing exceptional contributions of museums and libraries. The program is still expanding with grant funding from the California State Library.

</doc>
<doc id="7005102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005102" title="Thiago Heleno">
Thiago Heleno

Thiago Heleno Henrique Ferreira (born 17 September 1988), known as Thiago Heleno, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Paysandu as a central defender.
Club career.
Born in Sete Lagoas, Minas Gerais, Thiago Heleno was a Cruzeiro youth graduate. He made his first team – and Série A – debut on 16 April 2006, coming on as a second-half substitute for injured Moisés in a 1–2 away loss against São Caetano.
Thiago Heleno scored his first professional goal on 3 June 2006, netting the first in a 2–0 win at Fortaleza. He finished the year with 17 appearances, losing his recently gained first-choice status in September.
Thiago Heleno appeared regularly for "Raposa" in the following years, being an undisputed starter in 2008. In August 2010 he was sold to ghost club Deportivo Maldonado, being subsequently loaned to fellow top league club Corinthians.
Thiago Heleno appeared in only five league matches (scoring in a 3–4 home loss against Atlético Goianiense), and was released at the end of the season. In January 2011 he moved to fierce rival Palmeiras.
On 26 March 2011, Thiago Heleno scored a double in a 3–0 Campeonato Paulista home win against Bragantino, which granted his team's qualification to the following round. He was released in December 2012, after the club's relegation.
In 2013 Thiago Heleno signed for Criciúma, but left the club in July after failing to make a single appearance for the club. On 15 January 2014 he joined Figueirense, winning promotion from Série B in his first season.
International career.
Thiago Heleno represented Brazil at under-17 and under-20 levels, winning the 2005 South American Under 17 Football Championship with the former and the 2007 South American Youth Championship with the latter.
Honours.
Club.
Cruzeiro
Palmeiras
Athletico Paranaense
International.
Brazil U17

</doc>
<doc id="7005103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005103" title="List of North American natural gas pipelines">
List of North American natural gas pipelines



</doc>
<doc id="7005104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005104" title="Glyph Composition / Decomposition">
Glyph Composition / Decomposition



</doc>
<doc id="7005107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005107" title="Pierre Guillaumat">
Pierre Guillaumat

Pierre Guillaumat (; 5 August 1909 – 28 August 1991) was a Minister of National Education and Minister of the Armies under French President Charles de Gaulle and founder of the Elf Aquitaine oil company in 1967. He was born in La Flèche, Sarthe, the son of French general Adolphe Guillaumat.

</doc>
<doc id="7005109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005109" title="Rfid passport">
Rfid passport



</doc>
<doc id="7005111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005111" title="Hellas Fos">
Hellas Fos



</doc>
<doc id="7005116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005116" title="Paraphile">
Paraphile



</doc>
<doc id="7005117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005117" title="Owen Money">
Owen Money

Lynn Mittell MBE (born 16 May 1947), better known by the stage name Owen Money, is a British musician, actor, comedian, and radio presenter from Merthyr Tydfil, Wales.
Early life.
Mittell was born in Merthyr Tydfil at the Royal Oak pub, where his mother, Tydfil, and father, James Lyons, were publicans. The family would later run the Bee Hive pub in Merthyr. Mittell would later follow his parents into the publican business, owning the Silver Slipper pub on Pant Road in Merthyr. Mittell later owned The LA (formerly the Hafod Inn) in Swansea, in response to why the name was changed, Mittell quipped that LA stood for "Lower 'Afod". By 1989, Mittell owned The Whittington Arms in Tonna, which he continued to run alongside his entertainment career.
Music career.
Mittell was bassist of Merthyr Tydfil-based band The Crescendos, who amalgamated with another Merthyr band, The Rebels, to form The Bystanders in 1962. Mittell changed his name to Gerry Braden, and became lead singer in a line-up with Micky Jones (guitar and vocals), Clive John (guitar, keyboards and vocals), Ray Williams (bass), and Jeff Jones (drums). The Bystanders signed to Pylot Records in 1963, with the initial release "That's the End" (with "This Time" as the B-side) in 1965. After moving to Piccadilly Records, the band achieved their greatest success in February 1967, when the double-sided cover single "98.6" (with a Marvin Gaye's "Stubborn Kind of Fellow" as the B-side) peaked at number 45 in the UK Singles Chart. Gerry Braden left The Bystanders in 1967, to be replaced by Vic Oakley from The Meteorites, who was, in turn, replaced by Deke Leonard, when The Bystanders became Man. Owen Money reformed the Bystanders in 1998 for a one-off performance at Maesteg Town Hall.
Mittell formed comedy entertainment act Tomfoolery in 1974, which rapidly became a successful comedy show band, topping the bill at South Pier, Blackpool in 1979. Mittell originally performed under his real name, but, as he always had an overdraft, he changed his name to Owen Money. In 1980, Mittell left Tomfoolery, transitioning to a full-time run as a comedian, starting a tradition where members of the band would come and go, which would later include ex-lead singer, Brian Conley.
1980 and onwards.
Owen Money toured the club circuit as a comedian, winning the Club Land "Comedian of the Year" award, performing alongside Shirley Bassey and Tom Jones.
In 1987, Money joined BBC Radio Wales with weekly programme "Money for Nothing", which increased in popularity through 1997 to win two gold Sony Radio Awards: one for "Regional Broadcaster of the Year", and the other for "Best Music Sequence Programme of Year". "Money for Nothing" is presently broadcast every Saturday morning.
Money regularly appears with his band the Travelling Wrinklies, and takes the "Owen Money Laughter Show" to venues around Wales and South West England.
Business interests.
Money was formerly a director and chairman of Merthyr Tydfil FC, and was instrumental in trying to bring Paul Gascoigne to the club. The Owen Money Theatre Company was created in 2000, with the aim of taking family friendly pantomimes around the theatres of Wales from November to February.
Personal life.
Money lives in Porthcawl, and has two children: a son and a daughter. In his spare time, Money is an avid golfer.
In March 2006, he suffered a minor stroke while at his holiday home in Thailand. He flew back home, and was admitted to Swansea's Morriston Hospital.
Under his given name of Lynn Mittell, Owen Money was awarded an MBE in the Queen's 2007 New Year Honours. The citation reads: "Radio Presenter and Comedy Music Performer. For services to entertainment in Wales".

</doc>
<doc id="7005123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005123" title="Delaine Le Bas">
Delaine Le Bas

Delaine Le Bas (born 1965) is a British artist from a Romani background.
Biography.
Le Bas told the Travellers' Times that "I actually liked going to school which was difficult because I am the only one out of five of us that finished school. And then I had ideas about going to Art College." She said that until starting school she had been sheltered from how racist people can be towards Gypsy Traveller people.
Delaine Le Bas has shown her art extensively both in the UK and internationally, including at the International Festival of Singular Art, Roquevaire, France; the American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore, U.S., Transition Gallery and the 2005 and 2007 Prague Biennales. In June 2007 her work was included in the first Roma pavilion of the 2007 Venice Biennale. She took part in the Summer 2007 Prague Biennale. Le Bas participated in ROUNDTABLE: The 9th Gwangju Biennale, which took place September 7 – November 11, 2012 in Gwangju, Korea.
Le Bas has had several solo exhibitions, including "Room" at Transition Gallery in London; "The House of the JuJu Queen" at Galerie Giti Nourbaksch, Berlin, and at Galleria Sonia Rosso, Turin. Her work has been called 'magpie-like', featuring intricate embroidery and installations made up of various objects and ornaments.
Her work moves expansively from a unique series of thematic departures including nationhood, race, gender and relationships. These issues are explored through freely combined media. Embroidery, painting and decoupage/"" interact with sculpture and installations that reflect domestic claustrophobia, the transient nature of modern materiality and the tensions that characterise Le Bas' own experience as a Gypsy. The boundary between embellished objects and recovered items re-deposited within the installation is deliberately tested and blurred. Tapestries adorned with the Artist's own stitching and brushmarks arte confronted by items with a less unequivocal history.
In the publicity for the First Roma Pavilion at Venice in 2007, Le Bas was quoted as saying: "As a Romany, my viewpoint has always been that of the outsider and this position of the 'other' is reflected in the materials and messages within my work. We live in a culture of mixed values and garbled messages. My works are crafted from the disregarded and disparate objects of the car boot sale and the charity shop."
For an installation in 2014, Le Bas recreated 'containment compounds' used to control Gypsy families by British authorities at the start of the 20th century.
In 2017 she told The Guardian that “Most Roma art is held in storage, gathering dust in basements of museums... Most artists are either ignored altogether or, as Gypsies, we’re visible only in a highly negative way.”
Le Bas and her husband Damian Le Bas have been associated with Outsider Art, unconventional artists working outside the confines of the art establishment.
Nominated for the 2024 Turner Prize "for her presentation "Incipit Vita Nova. Here Begins The New Life/A New Life Is Beginning" at Secession, Vienna." Alongside Jasleen Kaur, Claudette Johnson and Pio Abad. Her installation for the 2024 Turner Prize came under scrutiny for suspected plagiarism of an earlier work by Edgeworth Johnstone.
November 2024 — Named one of "Three To Watch, Hotly tipped female talent of the British art scene" by Harper's Bazaar in their annual art supplement, alongside Bianca Raffaella and fellow Turner Prize nominee Jasleen Kaur.

</doc>
<doc id="7005126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005126" title="Sandro (footballer, born 1981)">
Sandro (footballer, born 1981)

Alexsandro Oliveira Duarte (born 10 January 1981), or simply Sandro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left-sided attacking midfielder. He currently plays for Associação Atlética Anapolina.

</doc>
<doc id="7005127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005127" title="Nambiar (Nair sect)">
Nambiar (Nair sect)



</doc>
<doc id="7005130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005130" title="Yana Churikova">
Yana Churikova

Yana Alekseyevna Churikova (; born 6 November 1978) is a Russian journalist and television host who worked on MTV Russia before moving to Channel One, where she hosted seven seasons of the "Star Factory" talent show.
Career.
She has also gained publicity across Europe and the world for presenting the results of the Russian televote at the Eurovision Song Contest for several years. Churikova was to host the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, to be held in Moscow, Russia. However, her pregnancy was announced shortly afterwards and she instead hosted only the allocation draw to determine the participating countries' semi-finals. Her daughter Taisa Lazareva was born on 26 May 2009, 10 days after the Eurovision final.
Every other year, from 2009 to 2021, Churikova provided commentary to Eurovision Song Contest on Channel One. She also hosted the national final to select Russia's entry for Eurovision Song Contest 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="7005141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005141" title="The Tender Trap (film)">
The Tender Trap (film)

The Tender Trap is a 1955 American comedy film starring Frank Sinatra, Debbie Reynolds, David Wayne, and Celeste Holm.
Directed by Charles Walters, the CinemaScope Eastman Color production was based on the 1954 play "The Tender Trap" by Max Shulman and Robert Paul Smith.
It marked Sinatra's return to MGM some six years after "On the Town". A second film under a new contract with the studio, "Guys and Dolls", was actually released ahead of "The Tender Trap" by one day on November 3, 1955.
The film earned an Oscar nomination in the category of Best Original Song for "(Love Is) the Tender Trap" (music by Jimmy Van Heusen and lyrics by Sammy Cahn). The song proved a hit for Sinatra, one he would continue to sing throughout his career. It is performed in a pre-credits sequence by Sinatra, sung in the film by Reynolds in a lackluster version that Sinatra corrects, again by Reynolds in an improved version during a stage rehearsal, and yet again at the end of the film by Sinatra, Reynolds, Holm and Wayne.
Plot.
Charlie Y. Reader is a 35-year-old theatrical agent in New York City, living a seemingly idyllic life as a swinging bachelor. Numerous attractive women – among them Poppy, Helen, and Jessica – come and go, cleaning, cooking for, and enjoying his charms.
Charlie's best friend since kindergarten, Joe McCall, comes from Indianapolis to stay with him, claiming that the excitement is gone from his 11-year marriage and he wants a divorce. Joe envies and is amazed by Charlie's parade of girlfriends, while Charlie professes admiration for Joe's married life and family.
At an audition, Charlie meets singer-actress Julie Gillis. She has her life planned to a tight schedule, determined to marry and transition from performing to child-rearing by 22. Although at first she wards off Charlie's advances, she comes to see him as the ideal man for her plans. Julie demands that Charlie stop seeing other women. Charlie balks, but he begins to fall in love with her.
Joe starts keeping company with Sylvia Crewes, a sophisticated classical musician and a typically neglected lover of Charlie's. Sylvia is approaching 33 and desires marriage as much as the younger Julie does, but just does not show it the same way.
One day, annoyed by Julie and possibly jealous of Joe's attentions, Charlie blurts out a proposal of marriage to Sylvia. She is thrilled, only to discover the morning after their riotous engagement party that he has proposed to Julie as well.
Joe confesses his love to Sylvia and asks her to marry him. She turns him down, knowing that he loves his wife and children. Sylvia reminds Joe that girls turn into wives when they marry and she wants the same things Ethel does. On her way out, Sylvia runs into a charming stranger of both wealth and culture who is instantly taken with her.
Joe packs up and returns to his wife. Charlie, his other girlfriends also having moved on with their lives, leaves for Europe for a year.
Charlie returns just in time to see Sylvia marrying the new man in her life. She flips him the bridal bouquet. Julie is also at the wedding. Charlie tosses the flowers to her, then asks her to marry him. She agrees and they kiss.
Reception.
The film was a substantial hit for MGM. With a budget of $1,274,000 it returned a combined US and international gross of $4,495,000

</doc>
<doc id="7005144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005144" title="Butlins Holiday Camps">
Butlins Holiday Camps



</doc>
<doc id="7005150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005150" title="Magaldrate">
Magaldrate

Magaldrate (INN) is a common antacid drug that is used for the treatment of duodenal and gastric ulcers, esophagitis from gastroesophageal reflux.
Development.
Magaldrat was first synthesized by the German chemist Gunther Hallmann and patented on February 2, 1960, by Byk Gulden Lomberg Chemische Fabrik (Germany). In 1983, the active substance was registered as the original drug Riopan.
Available forms.
Magaldrate is available in the form of oral suspension or tablets.
Pharmacology.
Magaldrate is a hydroxymagnesium aluminate complex that is converted rapidly by gastric acid into Mg(OH)2 and Al(OH)3, which are absorbed poorly and thus provide a sustained antacid effect.
Interactions and adverse reactions.
Magaldrate may negatively influence drugs like tetracyclines, benzodiazepines, and indomethacin. High doses or prolonged usage may lead to an increment of defecation and a reduction in feces consistence. In some cases it can alter the functionality of the gastrointestinal tract, occasionally provoking constipation or diarrhea.

</doc>
<doc id="7005151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005151" title="You're Mine You">
You're Mine You

You're Mine You is a 1962 studio album by the American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan, orchestrated and conducted by Quincy Jones.
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album three stars and said that "Vaughan's voice is typically wondrous and sometimes a bit excessive on the ballads (some may find her slightly overblown version of 'Maria' a bit difficult to sit through) but in top form on the more swinging numbers."

</doc>
<doc id="7005154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005154" title="Resonant Trans-Neptunian Object">
Resonant Trans-Neptunian Object



</doc>
<doc id="7005160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005160" title="Jonílson">
Jonílson

Jonilson Clovis Nascimento Breves or Jonilson (born 28 November 1978) is a Brazilian former association football player.

</doc>
<doc id="7005165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005165" title="Widegates">
Widegates

Widegates is a village in south-east Cornwall, England, UK, about 4 miles north of Looe. It is on the A387 road about two miles west of Hessenford.
The centre of the village lacks any sort of local amenity but there is a nearby farm shop on its outskirts. Widegates has a population of approximately 500.

</doc>
<doc id="7005168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005168" title="Chorlton Cum Hardy">
Chorlton Cum Hardy



</doc>
<doc id="7005174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005174" title="Giant in the playground">
Giant in the playground



</doc>
<doc id="7005181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005181" title="MSHRI">
MSHRI



</doc>
<doc id="7005185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005185" title="Kinhin">
Kinhin



</doc>
<doc id="7005187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005187" title="Karlis Milenbahs">
Karlis Milenbahs



</doc>
<doc id="7005188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005188" title="Johnny Concho">
Johnny Concho

Johnny Concho is a 1956 American Western film directed by Don McGuire starring Frank Sinatra, Keenan Wynn, William Conrad and Phyllis Kirk. This was Sinatra's first serious Western and the role allowed him to play against type in his portrayal of a person of low repute. The film was unsuccessful for Sinatra, ending a string of 8 hit films (5 in the past 13 months) going back to 1953's "From Here to Eternity".
Plot.
The mean and boastful Johnny Concho is also a coward, but the people of Cripple Creek, Arizona, let him have his way. They know that Johnny's brother, who doesn't live in town, is the notorious gunfighter Red Concho, someone they truly fear.
Mary Dark, daughter of the general store's owner, is in love with Johnny, but isn't yet aware of the kind of man he really is.
Johnny has everyone so cowed that, in a card game, he needn't even show his hand to claim the pot. That lasts until the day a man named Tallman comes to town. Tallman calls the bluff of Johnny at the poker table. Johnny wants the sheriff, Henderson, to take care of this, but Tallman stuns everyone by announcing that he recently stood up to Red Concho in another town and killed him.
Exposed for the yellow-belly he is, Johnny rides off. Mary still loves him and follows, but wherever Johnny goes, word reaches that he is not a man to be trusted or feared. Tallman, meanwhile, has taken over Johnny's role in Cripple Creek, appointing himself as the law and demanding to be paid a percentage from every business in town.
Mary still wants to marry Johnny, but at the wedding his cowardice comes out once more. A man who knew his brother informs him that Red was actually just like Johnny, a blowhard with no guts.
Johnny pulls himself together and returns to Cripple Creek to face Tallman in the street. Tallman wounds him, but the townspeople are impressed by Johnny's bravery and willing to help. Mary's father shoots Tallman and kills him. Johnny prepares to leave town, knowing he's not wanted here, but Mary and the others invite him to stay.
Availability.
"Johnny Concho" has never been made available on home video in any form. There is a Region 2 DVD featuring an Italian dub, but it is of questionable legitimacy. A low-quality bootleg exists online, transferred from a VHS taping of a rare TV screening. Despite the fact that the film was produced by Sinatra himself and the copyright is owned directly by the Sinatra estate, there seem to be no plans to release it on physical media or streaming in the near future.

</doc>
<doc id="7005192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005192" title="Dupage forest">
Dupage forest



</doc>
<doc id="7005199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005199" title="Timeline of Singapore history">
Timeline of Singapore history



</doc>
<doc id="7005209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005209" title="Dupage forest preserve">
Dupage forest preserve



</doc>
<doc id="7005212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005212" title="H+ Ion">
H+ Ion



</doc>
<doc id="7005213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005213" title="The Genocides">
The Genocides

The Genocides is a 1965 science fiction novel by American author Thomas M. Disch. It was nominated for the Nebula Award for Best Novel in 1965.
Plot summary.
"The Genocides" describes the genocide of humans by unseen aliens who seed Earth with enormous Plants. The Plants are massive and rapidly out-compete terrestrial flora, forming a monoculture. They appear unwholesome to the native fauna, and the extinction of all Earthly life seems inevitable.
The novel opens with a small rural community struggling for survival on the border of Lake Superior, a few years after the coming of the Plants and the collapse of civilization. The community, led by Anderson and his family, eke out an existence by siphoning sap from the Plants to irrigate their corn crop. Anderson is a conservative and religious man, harsh and uncompromising, but he has managed to keep his people alive and focused on survival. His rules include hostility to outsiders, who are routinely killed unless they are of use to the community.
Elsewhere, a group of vagrants encounter spherical machines that are incinerating every trace of humanity left on Earth. Fleeing the machines, the group runs afoul of Anderson's community, who kill all but two of their number: Jeremiah Orville, a mining engineer, and Alice Nemerov, a nurse. The novel implies that the dead are ground into sausage meat and consumed. Jeremiah assimilates into the community, but secretly plots revenge on Anderson and his family. In the process, he courts Anderson's thirteen-year-old daughter, Blossom, and befriends Anderson's educated son, Buddy.
During the harsh winter, the spherical machines arrive to incinerate the community, and Jeremiah sees his revenge coming to fruition. Most of the community is slaughtered by the machines, and the few who survive the initial conflagration flee into a cave. There, they discover the Plants' roots are hollow and form a massive and interlocking underground network. Jeremiah suggests they go deeper, pointing out that they will be able to escape the winter (and the machines) underground.
Deep underground, they discover the "fruit" of the plants is housed in the root system: a nutritious pulp that sustains the community for weeks. Anderson, who lost his wife Lady when fleeing, becomes upset by the increasing indolence of his people, as his harsh rules are no longer required for survival. When he is bitten by a rat, gangrene sets in and he declines quickly. Anderson's final words to his brutish son, Neil, are to let Jeremiah take over as leader and to allow Jeremiah to marry Blossom. This decision angers Neil, and he murders Anderson, as well as Alice when she discovers evidence of his act. Neil then assumes leadership, but proves too unintelligent to manage the group, and the community breaks up.
In the aftermath, Jeremiah goes in search of Blossom, planning to kill her and complete his revenge, but when he finds her, he experiences a change of heart and falls in love. They decide to return to the others, but discover Neil has sabotaged their escape - and, inadvertently, his own. Neil, Jeremiah, Blossom, and Buddy try to find their way back together, but the Plants' tunnel network suddenly floods with sap, and they become lost and exhausted. Neil turns against the group, but is overcome and abandoned in the dark.
When the three survivors finally return to the diminished group, they find machines have come to harvest the Plants' crop. Without the pulp to live on, the group returns to the surface, where they discover that a new crop of Plants has been sown by the mysterious aliens. The malnourished group has no chance of survival, and the novel closes on Jeremiah and Blossom leaving them to travel into the wilderness. The pair, starving and mismatched in age, are portrayed as a distorted mirror image of the biblical Adam and Eve and herald the end of humanity instead of the beginning.
Writing style.
Disch primarily uses the third person limited, changing the narration to follow different characters at different times. Most of the main characters are given the point of view at various times, including the mysterious aliens. The conclusion of the novel is in third person omniscient.
Inspiration and allusions.
Disch claimed no direct inspiration for "The Genocides", but stated in an interview that he was reading "Anna Karenina" when he wrote the novel and was inspired by Tolstoi's writing.
"The Genocides" makes many allusions to the Old Testament. The end of the story mirrors the story of Adam and Eve. The character Jeremiah Orville's name is biblical and refers to the prophet Jeremiah. Both witness the destruction of a city.
The Greek myth of the lotus-eaters is made reference to when some of the characters become complacent with eating the fruit pulp of the plant which appears to have a mildly narcotic effect. One character even becomes addicted to the pulp and grows to massive proportions.
Reception.
"The Genocides" was positively received by many, although Algis Budrys attacked the novel as pretentious. Brian W. Aldiss singled it out for praise in a long review in "SF Impulse", noting in particular that Disch's treatment of the Plants as "majestic indeed . . . as credible a menace as I ever came on." Algis Budrys, noting sharply divided opinion in the sf community over its merits, concluded that "The Genocides", "in being so unflaggingly derivative of an emerging mode [of sf, regarding human significance], and in having been effective nevertheless to have so much good opinion behind it, . . . demonstrates the vitality and strength of that mode whether you like it or not."
The novel was nominated for a Nebula Award in 1965, but did not receive one.

</doc>
<doc id="7005215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005215" title="Ghanshyamdas Birla">
Ghanshyamdas Birla



</doc>
<doc id="7005217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005217" title="Rabbeinu bachya">
Rabbeinu bachya



</doc>
<doc id="7005219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005219" title="Leandro (footballer, born April 1979)">
Leandro (footballer, born April 1979)

Leandro da Silva Wanderley (born 19 April 1979), simply known as Leandro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Associação Desportiva Cabofriense as a left back.
Football career.
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Leandro made his professional debuts at the age of 18, with hometown's América Football Club. Two years later he joined Esporte Clube Vitória and, in 2002, moved to Cruzeiro Esporte Clube. In the latter club, he was an undisputed starter in the 2003 season, as the team won both the league and cup trophies.
In January 2005, Leandro moved to Europe and signed with Portugal's FC Porto. He made his league debut on the 15th in a 0–0 away draw against Académica de Coimbra but, failing to adjust, he returned to his country on loan shortly after, spending two years with former team Cruzeiro.
Deemed surplus to requirements at Porto, Leandro continued in the same predicament in the following years, always in his country. On 4 October 2008, in a match against Clube Atlético Mineiro, he completed 100 official games for Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras, being honored with a No. 100 jersey; subsequently he represented Fluminense Football Club, Vitória and Atlético Mineiro.
On 4 September 2012, Palmeiras confirmed that Leandro signed a four-month contract. Only two months later, however, he was released.

</doc>
<doc id="7005230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005230" title="Dupage forest preserves">
Dupage forest preserves



</doc>
<doc id="7005239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005239" title="First-price sealed-bid auction">
First-price sealed-bid auction

A first-price sealed-bid auction (FPSBA) is a common type of auction. It is also known as blind auction. In this type of auction, all bidders simultaneously submit sealed bids so that no bidder knows the bid of any other participant. The highest bidder pays the price that was submitted.
Strategic analysis.
In a FPSBA, each bidder is characterized by their monetary valuation of the item for sale.
Suppose Alice is a bidder and her valuation is formula_1. Then, if Alice is rational:
Alice would like to bid the smallest amount that can make her win the item, as long as this amount is less than formula_1. For example, if there is another bidder Bob and he bids formula_7 and formula_8 (where formula_9 is the smallest amount that can be added, e.g. one cent).
Unfortunately, Alice does not know what the other bidders are going to bid. Moreover, she does not even know the valuations of the other bidders. Hence, strategically, we have a Bayesian game - a game in which agents do not know the payoffs of the other agents.
The interesting challenge in such a game is to find a Bayesian Nash equilibrium. However, this is not easy even when there are only two bidders. The situation is simpler when the valuations of the bidders are independent and identically distributed random variables, so that the valuations are all drawn from a known prior distribution.
Example.
Suppose there are two bidders, Alice and Bob, whose valuations formula_1 and formula_11 are drawn from a continuous uniform distribution over the interval [0,1]. Then, it is a Bayesian-Nash equilibrium when each bidder bids exactly half his/her value: Alice bids formula_12 and Bob bids formula_13.
PROOF: The proof takes the point-of-view of Alice. We assume that she knows that Bob bids formula_14, but she does not know formula_11. We find the best response of Alice to Bob's strategy. Suppose Alice bids formula_16. There are two cases:
All in all, Alice's expected gain is: formula_22. The maximum gain is attained when formula_23. The derivative is (see Inverse functions and differentiation):
and it is zero when Alice's bid formula_16 satisfies:
Now, since we are looking for a symmetric equilibrium, we also want Alice's bid formula_16 to equal formula_28. So we have:
The solution of this differential equation is: formula_32.
Generalization.
Denote by:
Then, a FPSBA has a unique symmetric BNE in which the bid of player formula_34 is given by:
Incentive-compatible variant.
The FPSBA is not incentive-compatible even in the weak sense of Bayesian-Nash-Incentive-Compatibility (BNIC), since there is no Bayesian-Nash equilibrium in which bidders report their true value.
However, it is easy to create a variant of FPSBA which is BNIC, if the priors on the valuations are common knowledge. For example, for the case of Alice and Bob described above, the rules of the BNIC variant are:
In effect, this variant simulates the Bayesian-Nash equilibrium strategies of the players, so in the Bayesian-Nash equilibrium, both bidders bid their true value.
This example is a special case of a much more general principle: the revelation principle.
Comparison to second-price auction.
The following table compares FPSBA to sealed-bid second-price auction (SPSBA):
The auctioneer's revenue is calculated in the example case, in which the valuations of the agents are drawn independently and uniformly at random from [0,1]. As an example, when there are formula_40 agents:
In both cases, the auctioneer's "expected" revenue is 1/3.
This fact that the revenue is the same is not a coincidence - it is a special case of the revenue equivalence theorem. This holds only when the agents' valuations are statistically independent; when the valuations are dependent, we have a common value auction, and in this case, the revenue in a second-price auction is usually higher than in a first-price auction.
The item for sale may not be sold if the final bid is not high enough to satisfy the seller, that is, the seller reserves the right to accept or reject the highest bid. If the seller announces to the bidders the reserve price, it is a public reserve price auction. In contrast, if the seller does not announce the reserve price before the sale but only after the sale, it is a secret reserve price auction.
Comparison to other auctions.
A FPSBA is distinct from the English auction in that bidders can only submit one bid each. Furthermore, as bidders cannot see the bids of other participants, they cannot adjust their own bids accordingly.
FPSBA has been argued to be strategically equivalent to the Dutch auction.
What are effectively FPSBA are commonly called tendering for procurement by companies and organizations, particularly for government contracts and auctions for mining leases. FPSBA are thought to lead to low procurement costs through competition and low corruption through increased transparency, even though they may entail a higher ex-post extra cost of the completed project and extra time to complete it.
A generalized first-price auction is a non-truthful auction mechanism for sponsored search (aka position auction).
A generalization of both 1st-price and 2nd-price auctions is an auction in which the price is some convex combination of the 1st and 2nd price.

</doc>
<doc id="7005240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005240" title="Michigan State Highway 12">
Michigan State Highway 12



</doc>
<doc id="7005248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005248" title="M-10 (MI)">
M-10 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005252" title="M-11 (MI)">
M-11 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005255" title="Baal haturim">
Baal haturim



</doc>
<doc id="7005260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005260" title="M-12 (MI)">
M-12 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005262" title="Irlams O' Th' Height">
Irlams O' Th' Height



</doc>
<doc id="7005267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005267" title="They Came to Cordura">
They Came to Cordura

They Came to Cordura is a 1959 American Western film co-written and directed by Robert Rossen and starring Gary Cooper, Rita Hayworth, Van Heflin and Tab Hunter. It was based on a 1958 novel by Glendon Swarthout.
Plot.
In 1916, as U.S. soldiers chase after Pancho Villa, Army Major Thomas Thorn is assigned to be a battlefield observer and reward heroism. He has been suggested for this duty by Colonel Rogers, who is 63 years old and impatiently yearning to be promoted to general before mandatory retirement a few months hence.
Rogers leads his regiment in an old-fashioned but poorly planned cavalry charge on Ojos Azules, a villa owned by Adelaide Geary where Villa's men withdrew after a victory over Mexican government troops, enjoying her hospitality. Thorn, excused from the fighting, observes through his binoculars various acts of heroism by Lieutenant Fowler, Sergeant Chawk, Corporal Trubee and Private Renziehausen in defeating Villa's men.
Rogers is proud of having personally led the charge, but furious when Thorn will not nominate him for a citation. Thorn insists that leading his regiment in the charge was "in the line of duty" and refuses to consider a citation for the Medal of Honor, awarded for heroism "above and beyond the call of duty." Rogers reminds Thorn that he protected him from an investigation for cowardice, which he did out of respect for Thorn's father, but that does not sway Thorn.
Thorn intends to recommend the four soldiers for the Medal of Honor. He is ordered to take along Mrs. Geary, who is charged with "giving aid and comfort to the enemy." Private Andrew Hetherington, nominated by Thorn for a medal after an earlier battle, rides with them to the expedition's base at the Texas town of Cordura.
This seemingly simple task becomes increasingly complex as the incessant squabbling between Thorn and the men threatens to destroy them all. Eager to learn more about their acts of bravery, Thorn finds the men to be hostile toward him. A series of harrowing incidents make it clear that the apparent heroes were motivated by ambition, terror, or chance, while it is the disgraced Thorn who possesses moral courage. The men soon become insubordinate, ultimately turning against Thorn and forcing him to fight the soldiers to save his own life. The movie ends with the men learning personal, not physical, courage from Thorn's example.
Production.
The film was William Goetz's second film in a six-picture deal for Columbia after "Me and the Colonel".
With a budget of $4.5 million it was one of Columbia's most expensive films at the time. It was the first movie for Michael Callan under his contract to the studio.
Parts of the film were shot at Snow Canyon and Harrisburg in Utah as well as Indio, California.
In a March 1959 Variety article, it was announced that the movie would be a "roadshow" release, with a 3-hour runtime and special overture and entre-act music from composer Elie Siegmeister.
Screenplay.
Author Glendon Swarthout got the idea for his novel after he had obtained eyewitness accounts for Medal of Honor citations while serving with the 3rd Infantry Division in Southern France during World War II. This personal experience was applied to his novel.
Filming.
Dick York suffered a severe back injury during the filming that caused him great pain in his later years, so much so that he was forced to resign from his longtime role of Darrin Stephens on the 1960s television program "Bewitched", the injury indeed almost ruining his life. In York's own words, "Gary Cooper and I were propelling a handcar carrying several 'wounded' men down [the] railroad track. I was on the bottom stroke of this sort of teeter-totter mechanism that made the handcar run. I was just lifting the handle up as the director yelled 'cut!' and one of the 'wounded' cast members reached up and grabbed the handle. I was suddenly, jarringly, lifting his entire weight off the flatbed—one hundred and eighty pounds [82 kilograms] or so. The muscles along the right side of my back tore. They just snapped and let loose. And that was the start of it all: the pain, the painkillers, the addiction, the lost career."
Music.
A film tie-in song written by Sammy Cahn and Jimmy Van Heusen was recorded by Frank Sinatra and Robert Horton. It was composer Elie Siegmeister's only Hollywood film score.

</doc>
<doc id="7005271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005271" title="Michel Gaúcho">
Michel Gaúcho

Carlos Michel Lopes Vargas, or simply Michel Gaúcho (born May 18, 1982 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian right back currently playing for Juventude on loan from Cruzeiro.

</doc>
<doc id="7005272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005272" title="Remains of the Day (song)">
Remains of the Day (song)

"Remains of the Day" is one of the four main songs sung in the 2005 stop-motion animated film "Tim Burton's Corpse Bride". It was composed by Danny Elfman, along with all other music for the film.
The song is the second one in the movie, and vital to the plot. The character Bonejangles (voiced by Danny Elfman) introduces the song with the following lyrics: "What a story it is; a tragic tale of romance, passion and a murder most foul." Then, Bonejangles and other skeletons and corpses from the Land of the Dead sing the song with a fast and jazzy melody, and the lyrics explain how Emily, the film's titular character, died. 
In the song's storyline, Emily was a beautiful, wealthy, and talented young woman who had many suitors, one of which was a "mysterious stranger," who is later revealed in the film's climax as a murderous con-artist named Lord Barkis Bittern. While Emily admired Barkis for his supposed good personality and physical appearance, her father forbade her to marry him due to his poverty. Barkis manipulated Emily into eloping with him; Emily donned her mother's wedding dress, took her "family jewels and a satchel of gold," and went to the churchyard in the middle of the night to meet him. However, he murdered her, stole her jewels and wealth, and hid her body beneath an oak tree. In death, Emily vowed to remain there until "her true love" comes to "set her free," which Victor inadvertently does while practicing his wedding vows to marry Victoria.

</doc>
<doc id="7005276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005276" title="LUAFC">
LUAFC



</doc>
<doc id="7005280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005280" title="M-12 (Michigan)">
M-12 (Michigan)



</doc>
<doc id="7005286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005286" title="Actq">
Actq



</doc>
<doc id="7005295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005295" title="M-554 (Michigan)">
M-554 (Michigan)



</doc>
<doc id="7005301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005301" title="M-554 (MI)">
M-554 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005303" title="Houston Hobby Airport">
Houston Hobby Airport



</doc>
<doc id="7005305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005305" title="Michigan State Highway 554">
Michigan State Highway 554



</doc>
<doc id="7005308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005308" title="Betting (disambiguation)">
Betting (disambiguation)

Betting can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7005311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005311" title="M-331 (MI)">
M-331 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005312" title="Latin Psalters">
Latin Psalters

There exist a number of translations of the Book of Psalms into the Latin language. They are a resource used in the Liturgy of the Hours and other forms of the canonical hours in the Latin liturgical rites of the Catholic Church.
These translations are typically placed in a separate volume or a section of the breviary called the psalter, in which the psalms are arranged to be prayed at the canonical hours of the day. In the Middle Ages, psalters were often lavish illuminated manuscripts, and in the Romanesque and early Gothic period were the type of book most often chosen to be richly illuminated.
Versions.
The Latin Church has a number of more or less different full translations of the psalms into Latin. Three of these translations, the "Romana", "Gallicana", and "juxta Hebraicum", have been traditionally ascribed to Jerome, the author of most of the Latin Vulgate; however, the "Romana" was not produced by Jerome. Two other translations, the Pian and "Nova Vulgata" versions, were made in the 20th century.
"Versio Vetus Latina".
Also called the "Psalterium Vetus", the psalter of the Old Latin Bible. Quotations from the Psalms in Latin authors show that a number of related but distinct Old Latin recensions were circulating in the mid-4th century. These had by then substantially replaced the older Latin 'Cyprianic Psalter', a recension found in the works of Cyprian of Carthage that only survived in the 4th-century writings of the Donatists; and are all thought to be revisions of a lost common early 3rd-century version.
A 12th-century Latin bible from Monte Cassino (Ms. Cas. 557) preserves, alongside the Roman, Gallican and Iuxta Hebraeos psalters, a fourth complete version of the psalms extensively corrected with reference to the columns of the Hexapla Greek, possibly using a columnar transcription of the Hexapla psalter similar to that surviving in Milan. The underlying Latin text for this manuscript is believed to correspond with an early 3rd-century 'Cyprianic Psalter'.
"Versio Ambrosiana".
This is the version used in the Ambrosian rite for use in Milan.
"Versio Mozarabica".
This is the version used in the Mozarabic rite for use in Toledo.
"Versio Romana".
The Roman Psalter, called also the "Versio Romana" or "Psalterium Romanum", was traditionally identified with Jerome's first revision of the psalms completed in 384; which was thought to have been made from the "Versio Vetus Latina", with cursory corrections to bring it more in line with the psalms in the common Greek text of the Septuagint. More recent scholarship rejects this theory. The Roman Psalter is indeed one of five known revised versions of the mid-4th century Old Latin Psalter; but, compared with the four others the revisions in the Roman Psalter are in clumsy Latin and signally fail to follow Jerome's known translational principles, especially in failing to correct harmonised readings. Nevertheless, it is clear from Jerome's correspondence (especially in the long and detailed Epistle 106) that he was familiar with this psalter text, albeit without ever admitting any responsibility for it; and consequently it is assumed that the surviving "Versio Romana" represents the minimally revised Roman text as Jerome had found it.
The Roman version is retained in the Roman Missal and is found in the writings of Pope Gregory the Great, but for the Divine Office, it was, from the 9th century onwards, replaced throughout most of the west by Jerome's so-called "Gallican" version. It lived on in England where it continued to be used until the Norman Conquest and in Saint Peter's Basilica in Rome and fragments of it were used in the Offices at St. Mark's Cathedral in Venice from at least 1609 until 1807.
"Versio Gallicana".
The "Versio Gallicana" or "Psalterium Gallicanum", also known as the Gallican Psalter (so called because it became spread in Gaul from the 9th century onward) has traditionally been considered Jerome's second Latin translation of the Psalms, which he made from the Greek of the Hexapla between 386 and 389. This became the psalter of the Sixto-Clementine Vulgate bible.
This most influential psalter has a distinctive style which is attributable to its origins as a translation of the Septuagint. Following the Septuagint, it eschews anthropomorphisms. For instance, the term "rock" is applied to God numerous times in the Hebrew Psalter, but the Latin term "petra" does not occur as an epithet for God in the "gallicana". Instead more abstract words like "refugium", "refuge"; "locus munitus", "place of strength"; or "adiutor", "helper" are used.
"Versio juxta Hebraicum".
The "versio juxta Hebraicum" or "versio iuxta Hebraeos" was the last made by Jerome. It is often informally called the "Hebrew Psalter" despite being written in Latin. Rather than just revise the "Gallicana", he translated these psalms anew from the Hebrew, using pre-Masoretic manuscripts ca. 392. This psalter was present in the Bibles until Alcuin's reforms linked to the Carolingian liturgical reform: Alcuin replaced the "versio juxta Hebraicum" by a version of the psalter used in Gaul at the time. The latter became known as the "Gallican psalter" (see the section above), and it superseded the "versio juxta Hebraicum". The "versio juxta Hebraicum" was kept in Spanish manuscripts of the Vulgate long after the Gallican psalter had supplanted it elsewhere. The "versio juxta Hebraicum" was never used in the liturgy.
"Versio Piana".
Under Pius XII, a new Latin translation of the psalms, known as "Versio Piana", "Psalterium Vaticanum" or "Novum Psalterium", was published by the Pontifical Biblical Institute. This version is sometimes called the "Bea psalter" after its author, Augustin Bea. In 1945, its use was officially permitted by the pope through the "motu proprio" "In cotidianis precibus", but not required.
"Versio Nova Vulgata".
In 1969, a new psalter was published which translated the Masoretic Text while keeping much of the poetry and style of the Gallican psalter. The 1969 psalter deviates from the previous versions in that it follows the Masoretic numbering of the psalms, rather than the Septuagint enumeration. It is the psalter used in the edition of the Roman Office published in 1986.
Comparison.
Below is a comparison of Jerome's two versions of the first three verses of the psalm "Venite exsultemus" (psalm 94 (95)) with the "Vetus Latina", "Ambrosiana", "Mozarabica", "Romana", "Gallicana", and "Hebraicum" versions, as well as the two 20th century versions ("Piana" and "Nova Vulgata"), which illustrates some of the distinctions noted above:
Enumeration.
The enumeration of the psalms differs in the "Nova Vulgata" from that used in the earlier versions. The earlier versions take their enumeration from the Greek Septuagint. The "Versio Nova Vulgata" takes its enumeration from the Hebrew Masoretic Text.
Divisions.
Apart from the "schemata" described below, it was customary in medieval psalters to divide the text of the psalms in numerical sequence into sections or divisions, the start of which were typically marked by a much larger and more decorated initial letter than for the other psalms. The "B" of Psalm 1, Beatus Vir, usually was the most enlarged and decorated, and often those two words occupied a full page, the rounded shape of the letter being very suitable for decoration. These are often referred to as "Beatus initials". In early medieval psalters a three-fold division with decorated letters at Psalms 1, 51, 101 was typical, but by the Gothic period French psalters were often divided into eight sections, and English ones into ten, at Psalms 1, 26, 38, 51, 52, 68, 80, 97, 101 and 109.
Schemata.
A scheme (Latin "schema", plural "schemata") is an arrangement of all or most of the psalms for distribution to the various canonical hours. In addition to the psalms proper, these schemata typically include psalm-like canticles from other books of the Bible. Historically, these schemata have distributed the entire 150 psalms with added canticles over a period of one week, although the 1971 Liturgy of the Hours omits a few psalms and some verses and distributes the remainder over a 4-week cycle. Some of the more important schemes are detailed below.
In addition to the rotating "schema", the order of service has ordinary texts that are fixed. These include the Invitatory, normally psalm 94(95), and the canticles "Benedictus Dominus", "Magnificat", and "Nunc dimittis".
Schema of Pope Pius V.
As commissioned by the Council of Trent, St. Pius V published a reform of the Roman Breviary in 1568 for use by the churches of the Roman rite. The scheme used in this breviary differs in some details from the Scheme of St. Benedict, but follows its overall pattern. Some obvious differences are that Sunday had three nocturns, while the other days had but one; Lauds and the daytime hours had less variation in the Psalmody; and Compline added Psalm 30. In addition, while St. Benedict made heavy use of "divided" Psalms, the Roman rite divided only Psalm 118.
This scheme was used by many religious orders as well, such as the Dominicans (of which Pope Pius V was a member).
Schema of Pope Pius X.
In 1911, Pope Pius X reformed the Roman Breviary, re-arranging the psalms into a new scheme so that there was less repetition and so that each day of the week had approximately the same amount of psalm-chanting.
Psalm 94 (the Invitiatory) was recited every day at the beginning of Matins. With Lauds, there are two schemes. Lauds I were celebrated on all Sundays and ferias, except from Septuagesima until Palm Sunday inclusive, and on feasts celebrated at any time of the year. Lauds II, having a more penitential character, were used on the Sundays and ferias of Advent until the vigil of Christmas and from Septuagesima until Monday of Holy Week inclusive. They were also used on vigils of the second and third class outside of Paschaltide. When Lauds II were said, the omitted psalm was said as a fourth psalm at Prime, in order to include all 150 psalms each week during penitential seasons; on Sundays with Lauds II, the scheme became 92, 99, 118i, and 118ii. On feasts which used the Sunday psalms, 53, 118i, and 118ii were said at Prime. On Sundays after Epiphany and Pentecost, the Athanasian Creed was said fourth at Prime; it was omitted if a commemoration of a Double feast or of an octave occurred.
Schema of Pope Paul VI.
In 1971 with the release of a new edition of the Divine Office under Pope Paul VI, the "Liturgia Horarum", a new schema was introduced which distributed 147 of the 150 psalms across a four-week cycle.
External links.
Latin psalters
Miscellaneous

</doc>
<doc id="7005313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005313" title="M-311 (MI)">
M-311 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005315" title="Nolana">
Nolana

Nolana (Peruvian bell flower) is a genus of hard annual or perennial plants in the nightshade family. The genus is mostly native to Chile and Peru. Species in this genus, especially "N. paradoxa", serve as a model system for studies on flower color.
Classification.
There are a number of synonyms for "Nolana": "Alibrexia", "Alona", "Aplocarya", "Bargemontia", "Dolia", "Gubleria", "Leloutrea", "Neudorfia", "Osteocarpus", "Periloba", "Rayera", "Sorema", "Teganium", "Tula", "Velpeaulia", "Walkeria", and "Zwingera".
"Nolana" is the only genus in the Solanaceae which has a fruit composed of mericarps, although its flower and other vegetative morphology is similar to other plants in this family. It seems to be most closely related to "Lycium".
Species.
"Plants of the World Online" Accepts 72 species, listed below. Other sources range from 85 to 89 species.

</doc>
<doc id="7005316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005316" title="M-294 (MI)">
M-294 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005323" title="A Hole In The Head">
A Hole In The Head



</doc>
<doc id="7005327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005327" title="John White (Maryland politician)">
John White (Maryland politician)



</doc>
<doc id="7005328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005328" title="Léo Silva">
Léo Silva

Hugo Leonardo da Silva Serejo or simply Léo Silva (レオ・シルバ, born December 24, 1985, in São Luis, Brasil), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Moto Club.
Club career.
Léo Silva started his youth career at URT and was signed by Cruzeiro in 2003.
In 2004, he was loaned to Ipatinga, where he ended up playing for four seasons. During that time, he was part of the team that won the Campeonato Mineiro state league in 2005, although he only made three appearances that season. The following season he made 7 more appearances in all competitions for Ipatinga, until he moved back to Cruzeiro for the rest of the season where he made his debut in the Brasileirão. He also scored his first top flight goal in the 2006 season, in a 3-1 win over Botafogo.
After making 20 more appearances for Cruzeiro in 2007 season, Silva then was sent on a series of loans: firstly back to Ipatinga in 2008 and then to Botafogo in 2009. At the end of the 2009 season, he was released by Cruzeiro and eventually signed by Guaratinguetá where he spent two seasons in Série B. Following two successful seasons with Guaratinguetá, Silva was signed by Portuguesa to again play in the Brasileirão. After making almost 60 appearances in one season for Portuguesa, Silva moved on quickly and was signed by J-League club Albirex Niigata on a free transfer.
Silva went on to make 149 appearances over four seasons with Albirex Niigata, but never managed to win any team silverware, however he was included in the J-League Best XI for his performances in the 2014 season. He then signed for the champions Kashima Antlers for the 2017 season. It wasn't long before tasting success, as Kashima won the 2017 Japanese Super Cup with a 3-2 victory over Urawa Red Diamonds with Silva in the starting XI for the final. Domestically, Kashima finished runners up in the league, only losing out on goal difference to Kawasaki Frontale on the final day of the season. Silva also made his AFC Champions League debut in the 2017 season in a 2-0 win over K-League outfit Ulsan Hyundai. In the 2018 season, Kashima again missed out on the J-League title but Silva was a key part of the squad that won the 2018 AFC Champions League – playing 11 games and scoring 2 goals during the competition, including a goal in the quarter-final against Tianjin Quanjian. In the final against Iranian club Persepolis, Silva scored his second goal in the competition with a low left-footed drive from the edge of the box and was later named man of the match for his performance in the first leg of the final.
Silva has also made appearances in the Club World Cup after Kashima's results in the AFC Champions League and was part of the team in the 1-3 defeat to Real Madrid in the 2018 semi-finals.
In December 2021, it was announced Silva would be leaving Kashima and joining Nagoya Grampus on a free transfer, where he would take the number 16 shirt. In his only season with Nagoya, he appeared in the majority of their games and played well over 2000 minutes. However, at the end of the 2022 season, it was announced that Silva would be leaving the club and moving back to Brazil with his hometown team Moto Club.

</doc>
<doc id="7005341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005341" title="M-247 (MI)">
M-247 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005345" title="Haim Gidon">
Haim Gidon

Haim Gidon is a teacher of Krav Maga (: "contact combat"), an Israeli-originated self-defense and military hand-to-hand combat system taught to military, police forces and civilians worldwide.
He was a co-founder of the IKMA (Israeli Krav Maga Association) in 1977. In 1994, upon Imi Lichtenfeld's retirement, he became the Grandmaster and president of the Israeli Krav Maga Association. He was granted an 8th dan white and red belt by Imi Lichtenfeld (also known as Imi Sde-Or), the founder of Krav Maga. Today Gidon now holds a 10th dan red belt which is the highest degree in his style of Krav Maga.
Biography.
Gidon was a member of Krav Maga founder Imi Lichtenfeld's first training class in the early 1960s. Gidon fought in the Six-Day War, the War of Attrition, and the Yom Kippur War.
After the Six-Day War Gidon resumed his competitive boxing and decided to learn more about the Krav Maga principles he had learned in the military. In 1978, along with Lichtenfeld and other top instructors, Gidon co-founded the Israeli Krav Maga Association (IKMA) which he now heads as president. The IKMA board voted to add (Gidon System) to the IKMA's name to ensure people understand the specific brand and quality of Israeli Krav Maga that is taught. In 1994 Gidon was elected as IKMA president and opened his current gym and the main training center for the IKMA, located on Ben Zion Street in Netanya, Israel. (Netanya is just north [approximately 10 km / 6.5 miles] of the Wingate Institute, Israel's premier sporting academy, which also serves as a military training facility.) 
In 1995 Lichtenfeld nominated Gidon as the top authority to grant 1st dan (level) Krav Maga black belts and up. In an IKMA ceremony Lichtenfeld awarded Gidon an 8th dan (one of only two Lichtenfeld ever awarded) designating Gidon as the highest ranking Krav Maga instructor.
The IKMA (Israeli Krav Maga Association) was the original association founded by Imi Lichtenfeld, he appointed Gidon as its president when Imi retired. Videos and pictures testify to this appointment, including the video recorded moment when Master Gidon earned 8th Dan.
Lichtenfeld approved of Gidon's adding extensive groundwork, modified weapons defenses and other additions/improvements to the Krav Maga system. As president of the IKMA Haim Gidon has taught defensive tactics for the last thirty years to Israel's security and military agencies. Master Gidon received a commendation from the Office of the Israeli Prime Minister thanking him for his teaching contributions to Israel's security organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="7005347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005347" title="Alibrexia">
Alibrexia



</doc>
<doc id="7005355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005355" title="M-239 (MI)">
M-239 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005360" title="Aplocarya">
Aplocarya



</doc>
<doc id="7005372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005372" title="Jonathas de Jesus">
Jonathas de Jesus

Jonathas Cristian de Jesus (born 6 March 1989), sometimes known as just Jonathas, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Athletic.
In his career, he played top-flight football in his own country, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Russia, Germany and India. He recorded figures of 61 games and 21 goals in La Liga for Elche and Real Sociedad.
Club career.
Early career.
Jonathas de Jesus played in Cruzeiro's youth teams and a few times in the senior team. He was also loaned out to Ipatinga and Villa Nova.
In October 2008 he was signed by Dutch Eredivisie champions, AZ Alkmaar. Cruzeiro announced that AZ bought 65% player's rights for €600,000 and the Brazilian club retained the rest.
Jonathas de Jesus made his debut for AZ on 28 October 2009, in the KNVB Cup match against Spakenburg, scoring in a 5–2 away win. On 21 November, he played his first league game away to Roda JC, and scored in a 4–2 win before being sent off for hitting an opponent with his arm.
On 1 February 2011, Jonathas de Jesus moved teams and countries again, joining Brescia Calcio in a one-and-a-half-year contract for and undisclosed fee, rumoured to be €300,000. He appeared in six matches during his debut campaign, as the "Biancoazzurri" were relegated from Serie A. He scored 16 goals in the 2011–12 Serie B, the team's top scorer.
Pescara.
On 31 July 2012, newly promoted Serie A side Pescara announced that they had signed Jonathas for an undisclosed fee. He played his first match on 26 August in a 0–3 loss to Inter Milan, and scored his first goal on 6 January of the following year, in a 2–0 win at Fiorentina.
On 31 January 2013 Jonathas de Jesus moved to Torino on loan until June, with a buyout clause. On 29 August he joined Latina in a permanent one-year deal.
After scoring 15 goals with Latina (who missed out promotion in the play-offs), Jonathas returned to Pescara.
Immediately after returning to Pescara, Jonathas de Jesus was loaned to Elche CF in La Liga, for two seasons. He made his debut in the main category of Spanish football on 24 August 2014, starting in a 0–3 loss at FC Barcelona.
Jonathas de Jesus scored his first goal in the category on 14 September 2014, netting his side's second in a 3–2 away win against Rayo Vallecano. On 2 November, he scored Elche's goals in a 2–1 home win against RCD Espanyol, taking his tally up to five.
On 20 April 2015, after scoring the winner in a home success against Real Sociedad, Jonathas became the first player of the Valencians to score 10 goals in a La Liga campaign since 1977–78.
Real Sociedad.
On 27 July 2015, Jonathas de Jesus moved to fellow league team Real Sociedad, after agreeing to a five-year deal. He scored seven times in his only season in San Sebastián, including braces in wins against Valencia (2–0 at home) and RCD Espanyol (5–0 away) at the start of the new year.
Jonathas de Jesus was sent off on 18 October 2015 at the end of a 2–0 loss to Atlético Madrid at the Anoeta Stadium, joining teammate Diego Reyes in expulsion.
Rubin Kazan.
On 29 July 2016, Rubin Kazan reached an agreement with Real Sociedad for the transfer of Jonathas. The fee was reported as €7 million.
Hannover 96.
On 22 August 2017, Jonathas de Jesus signed a three-year contract with the German club Hannover 96. Five days later he scored on his debut, the only goal of a home win over FC Schalke 04.
On 29 June 2018, he joined Brazilian club Corinthians on a year-long deal. He played nine total games, and scored a late consolation on 22 July at the end of a 3–1 loss away to city rivals São Paulo FC. Corinthians terminated the loan on 15 January 2019.
On 4 May 2019, Jonathas de Jesus came on as a half-time substitute for Hendrik Weydandt for relegation-threatened Hannover away to leaders FC Bayern Munich. In his ten-minute cameo, he scored a penalty given by the video assistant referee, and was sent off for two yellow cards. His contract was terminated on 31 August that year.
Return to Elche.
On 31 January 2020, Jonathas de Jesus returned to his former club Elche, now in Segunda División. Weeks later, he tested positive for COVID-19 on 15 March, during the coronavirus pandemic in Spain.
Sharjah.
On 29 August 2020, Sharjah signs Brazilian Jonathas de Jesus.
Odisha FC.
On 10 September 2021, Indian Super League side Odisha FC signed him for a two-year term ahead of their 2021–22 campaign. He debuted for the club on 24 November in a 3–1 win over Bengaluru FC. He had 8 goals and 4 assists in his first year in India.
International career.
Jonathas de Jesus played for the Brazilian under-19 team at 2008 Sendai Cup, where he scored three goals in the same number of matches.

</doc>
<doc id="7005374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005374" title="Bargemontia">
Bargemontia



</doc>
<doc id="7005392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005392" title="Business Roundtable">
Business Roundtable

The Business Roundtable (BRT) is a nonprofit lobbyist association based in Washington, D.C. whose members are chief executive officers of major U.S. companies. Unlike the United States Chamber of Commerce, whose members are entire businesses, BRT members are exclusively CEOs. The BRT lobbies for public policy that is favorable to business interests, such as lowering corporate taxes in the U.S. and internationally, as well as international trade policy like the North American Free Trade Agreement.
In 2019, the BRT redefined its definition of the purpose of a corporation as participating in stakeholder capitalism, putting the interests of employees, customers, suppliers, and communities on par with shareholders. The BRT's board members include, as of 2024, chair Chuck Robbins of Cisco (CEO); former White House chief of staff Joshua Bolten; Mary Barra of General Motors; Tim Cook of Apple; and Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase.
History.
On October 13, 1972, the March Group, co-founded by Alcoa chairman John D. Harper and General Electric CEO Fred Borch, the Construction Users Anti-Inflation Roundtable, founded by retired United States Steel CEO Roger Blough, and the Labor Law Study Group (LLSG) merged to form the Business Roundtable. Politically conservative and originated to resist the growing power of unions in the 1960s, especially construction unions.
The March Group consisted of chief executive officers who met informally to consider public policy issues; the Construction Users Anti-Inflation Roundtable was devoted to containing construction costs; and the Labor Law Study Committee was largely made up of labor relations executives of major companies. Harper was the newly founded group's first president, followed by Thomas Murphy of General Motors, Irving Shapiro of DuPont, then Clifford Garvin of Exxon.
In 2010, "The Washington Post" characterized the group as President Barack Obama's "closest ally in the business community."
On August 19, 2019, the BRT redefined its decades-old definition of the purpose of a corporation, replacing its bedrock principle that shareholder interests must be placed above all else, as defined in 1970 by conservative economist and Nobel economics laureate Milton Friedman and promoted during the 1980s in the teachings and writings of economist Alfred Rappaport; the shareholder value theory was widely adopted in 20th century North American boardrooms. The BRT statement, signed by nearly 200 chief executive officers from major U.S. corporations in 2019, makes a "fundamental commitment to all of our stakeholders", including customers, employees, suppliers and local communities.
Activities.
The Business Roundtable played a key role in defeating an anti-trust bill in 1975 and a Ralph Nader plan for a consumer protection agency in 1977. It also helped dilute the Humphrey-Hawkins Full Employment Act. But the Roundtable's most significant victory was in blocking labor law reform that sought to strengthen labor law to make it more difficult for companies to intimidate workers who wanted to form unions. The AFL-CIO produced a bill in 1977 that passed the House. But the Roundtable voted to oppose the bill, and through its aggressive lobbying, it prevented the bill's Senate supporters from rounding up the 60 votes in the Senate necessary to withstand a filibuster.
In fiscal policy, the Roundtable was responsible for broadening the 1985 tax cuts signed into law by Ronald Reagan, lobbying successfully for sharp reductions in corporate taxes. In trade policy, it argued for opening foreign markets to American trade and investment. In 1990, the Roundtable urged George Bush to initiate a free trade agreement with Mexico. In 1993, the Roundtable lobbied for NAFTA and against any strong side agreements on labor and the environment. The Roundtable also supported the new NAFTA deal in 2019.
The Roundtable also successfully opposed changes in corporate governance that would have made boards of directors and CEOs more accountable to stockholders. In 1986, the Roundtable convinced the Securities and Exchange Commission to forgo new rules on merger and acquisitions, and in 1993 convinced President Clinton to water down his plan to impose penalties on excessive executive salaries. Citicorp CEO, John Reed, chairperson of the Roundtables Accounting Task Force, argued that Clinton's plan would have had negative effects on U.S. competitiveness. The Roundtable's Health, Welfare, and Retirement Income Task Force, chaired by Prudential Insurance CEO Robert C. Winters, cheered President Bush's plan, which consisted mainly of subsidies to the health care industry. The nation's health care system works well for the majority of Americans, the Roundtable announced in a June 1991 statement. "We believe the solutions lie not in tearing down the present system, but in building upon it."
It has issued press releases, submitted editorials, given congressional testimony, and distributed position advertisements. After the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 was signed into law in January 2002, the Roundtable issued a press release stating that it had "strongly supported passage of the legislation" and was "actively working with states on implementation."
The Business Roundtable also acts as a major lobby that aims to extend or maintain administrators' rights/power in large companies. For example, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission adopted the so-called "shareholders’ access to proxy" rule, which aimed to empower shareholders in the proposition and nomination of administrators of big corporations. The Business Roundtable was strongly against that rule, as its president John Castellani reported to "The Washington Post" about removing this rule: "this is our highest priority [...] Literally all of our members have called about this". And they got the upper hand: the SEC rule was finally dropped after intense lobbying and lawsuits.
In June 2018, Business Roundtable issued a statement urging the White House "Administration to end immediately the policy of separating accompanied minors from their parents," and condemned the practice as "cruel and contrary to American values." Authored by the organization's Immigration Committee chairman, Chuck Robbins, the statement also commended bipartisan lawmakers for working together to reform immigration policies, and was widely supported by the Business Roundtable chair and membership.
In April 2024, the Business Roundtable filed suit against the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) after the FTC issued a ban on noncompete agreements which the FTC cited as "widespread and often exploitative practice imposing contractual conditions that prevent workers from taking a new job or starting a new business." 
Legislation.
The Business Roundtable wrote a letter to members of the House strongly endorsing the Customer Protection and End User Relief Act (H.R. 4413; 113th Congress). According to the Business Roundtable letter, a survey of chief financial officers and corporate treasurers "underscores the urgent need for the end-user provisions" in this bill because "eighty-six percent of respondents indicated the fully collateralizing over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives would adversely impact business investment, acquisitions, research and development, and job creation." The letter concluded that the Business Roundtable "supports efforts to increase transparency in the derivatives markets and enhance financial stability for the U.S. economy through thoughtful new regulation while avoiding needless costs."
Together with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers, in 2021, the BRT lobbied House and Senate Democrats "against raising taxes on corporations, high-income earners and small businesses" to finance the Build Back Better initiative proposed by President Joe Biden.
In April 2025, BRT issued a white paper defining the coporate proxy process as co-opted by shareholder activists to advance political agendas, and urging Congress and the SEC to ban all shareholder proposals related to "environmental, social and political issues" in corporate proxy statements, by legislation.
2019 corporation pledge.
On August 19, 2019, the Business Roundtable released a new "Statement on the Purpose of a Corporation." Signed by nearly 200 chief executive officers, including Amazon's Jeff Bezos, Apple's Tim Cook, General Motors' Mary Barra and Oracle's Safra Catz, the group seeks to "move away from shareholder primacy", a concept that had existed in the group's principles since 1997, and move to "include commitment to all stakeholders." It notes that "businesses play a vital role in the economy" because of jobs, fostering innovation and providing essential services. But it places shareholder interests on the same level as those of customers, employees, suppliers and communities. "Each of our stakeholders is essential", the statement says. "We commit to deliver value to all of them, for the future success of our companies, our communities and our country."
Criticism.
In September 2019, Bezos was cited as the "first CEO to break his pledge" by the "Los Angeles Times". He no longer appeared on the BRT membership roster in 2021. In July 2021, prior to stepping down as CEO, Bezos nonetheless added "Strive to be Earth's Best Employer" to Amazon's set of leadership principles.
Former U.S. secretary of labor and professor of public policy at Berkeley University, Robert Reich, accused both corporate social responsibility, and the Business Roundtable's commitment to it, of being a "con". Citing BRT members Jeff Bezos, Mary Barra and Dennis Muilenburg, Reich criticized their respective companies' recent decisions: Whole Foods, an Amazon subsidiary, announced the intention to cut medical benefits for its entire part-time workforce; Mary Barra, despite GM's hefty profits and large tax breaks, rejected worker's demands that GM raise their wages and stop outsourcing their jobs; and Muilenburg, who, as Reich predicted, would depart Boeing with $62 million in compensation and pension benefits, despite the Boeing 737 MAX groundings.
U.S. senator Elizabeth Warren, in September 2020, addressed the BRT in correspondence. The "withering, 11-page letter to past and present leaders of the Business Roundtable (BRT)" states that the BRT violates its August 2019 pledge to prioritize stakeholder value, calling the mandate an "empty gesture".
In August 2021, Harvard Law School's Program on Corporate Governance found that the 2019 "Statement on the Purpose of a Corporation" represented no meaningful commitment by the BRT membership, citing the pledge made as "mostly for show".
BRT board of directors.
As of 2024, corporate CEO members of BRT's board of directors are:

</doc>
<doc id="7005399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005399" title="M-227 (MI)">
M-227 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005404" title="Playground equipment">
Playground equipment



</doc>
<doc id="7005407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005407" title="Richlands High School">
Richlands High School

Richlands High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7005408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005408" title="Élson">
Élson

Élson Falcão da Silva (born 16 November 1981), simply known as Élson, is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.
Career.
Early career in Brazil.
Élson was born in Conceição do Araguaia, Pará.
VfB Stuttgart and loans.
Élson debuted in the 2008–09 season for VfB Stuttgart on 26 October 2008 against VfL Bochum at home. He came off the bench in the 56th minute for Ricardo Osorio, and ended up assisting Mario Gómez's second goal of the game, assuring their home win.
On 10 April 2009, Élson extended his contract at VfB Stuttgart until the summer of 2011.
On 1 February 2010, he left VfB Stuttgart and signed a half year loan deal with Hannover 96. He played in the second half of the 2009–10 season in seven games for Hannover 96 and scored one goal before returning to VfB Stuttgart on 30 June 2010.
On 18 July 2010, Hannover 96 and VfB Stuttgart agreed terms for a permanent move of Élson to Hannover. But on 22 July 2010, Hannover 96 did not stick to the agreement. On 30 June 2011, the contract of Élson with VfB Stuttgart expired.
FC Rostov.
In August 2011 Élson moved to FC Rostov.

</doc>
<doc id="7005416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005416" title="M-221 (MI)">
M-221 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005417" title="Kyōshi">
Kyōshi

 or "wild poetry," is a hybrid form of Japanese poetry that uses the tradition of "kanshi" (Japanese poetry written in Chinese characters). It was popular around 1770-1790 and avoids typical poetic forms, often including humorous expressions and puns on alternate readings or meanings of the same characters.
Mostly written by low-ranking samurai and "chōnin" (townspeople), the form is closely related to "kyōka" (comic waka), "kyōbun ("wild prose") and", "senryū, a form of Japanese comic poetry." The subject matter typically contains components of social satire, banter, and vulgar topics such as farting and/or itching which challenges the more conventional styles of Japanese poetry like classical "waka".
The form of poetry was very popular for a short time, having gained majority of its popularity during the age of Tanuma Okitsugu (c. 1780–1786) but declined quickly and disappeared after the turn of the 19th century.
Although Kyōshi was a rather frivolous poetry style, its intended audience remained relatively small and restricted to the samurai class due to its challenging rules and "Chinese-style versifications."
History.
The true origin of kyōshi poetry is somewhat unclear due to its subjective nature however, it is said to have had an extensive history, dating back to the Heian period.
Some notable works of kyōshi include kyōshi of the medieval "mad" monk poet Ikkyū (1394–1481) and the formal album of Zen monk Bunshi, "Nanpo bunshū" (1615) which included early forms of playful or comical wording.
The first conventional publication of kyōshi poetry was "Kobun teppō zengo shū" (Treasures of ancient lie-terature, first and last installments; 1761).
Notable Pioneers.
Two pioneers that played a significant role in the birth and development of kyōshi were Ōta Nanpo (1749–1823) in Edo an Dōmyaku Sensei (1752–1801) in Kyoto.
Nanpo, who published "Neboke Sensei bunshū shohen" (Master Groggy's literary collection, part the first, 1767), gained popularity for his comical style and literary parodies. Dōmyaku Sensei, who published "Taihei gafu" (Ballads for an age of great tranquility, 1769), was recognized for his social criticism and satire.
The contribution of both their publications strongly established the two poets' reputations as experts of the literary genre and contributed to a small collection of kyōshi 'classics'.
To Master Groggy, from Afar.
Below is kyōshi written by Dōmyaku Sensei from "Taihei gafu," addressed to Ōta Nanpo:
Priests make a brothel's flushest clients;
Among buddhas, Zuigu is foremost.
But I get a chilly reception at all the teahouses;
My bills have piled into mountains.
Pleasures and reprimands jointly accumulate;
Relatives hold solemn family council to debate my case.
But I head straight for the brothels, make the long
nights fly by-
Even by breakfast, I'm still not home.
The day I'm disowned, whenever that may be,
I'll make my way to the East.
Just as I reached the last word in looniness
I happened to make the acquaintance of Master Groggy.
Purpose.
Throughout the early eighteenth century, there was little opportunity for poets and followers of the Ogyū Sorai school to express discontent with contemporary society and politics other than through conventional and "elegant" Chinese poetry. As a result, an alternate approach had developed and the mindset of a "mad person" (kyōsha) would emerge as the foundation for kyōshi.
Kyōshi poetry was used by the poets Ōta Nanpo and Dōmyaku Sensei as a way to express discontent with contemporary society. Additionally, during the late eighteenth century, samurai who considered themselves "mad", used kyōshi as forms of expression.
As collections of kyōshi were published, it became more clear that the primary intent of kyōshi was to loosely conform to formal poetic requirements while portraying satirical parodies of contemporary Japanese life with the use of slang and/or obscenity.
Development.
The majority kyōshi's development occurred during the eighteenth century, serving as an expression of the last periods of the Tokugawa Rule. A result of the later Edo period, kyōshi was published in large quantity while authors and poets began the early development of "schools".
By the 1720s, kyōshi was on obvious genre unto itself and further, the publishment of Nanpo and Dōmyaku Sensei's kyōshi collections served as a fundamental step in the dissemination of the poetic style.
There was a brief resurgence in the 1880s after kyōshi poets discovered new and useful content for their art within discrepancies of the new Meiji order however, by the nineteenth century, preference for conventional waka and kanshi poetry was re-established, and kyōshi was ultimately discarded as a poetic style.

</doc>
<doc id="7005422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005422" title="Gubleria">
Gubleria



</doc>
<doc id="7005434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005434" title="Inkjet paper">
Inkjet paper

Inkjet paper is a special fine paper designed for inkjet printers, typically classified by its weight, brightness and smoothness, and sometimes by its opacity.
Manufacture.
Some inkjet papers are made from high quality deinked pulp or chemical pulps. Quality inkjet paper requires good dimensional stability, no curling or cockling, and good surface strength. For most purposes surface smoothness is required. Sufficient and even porosity is required to counteract spreading of the ink. For lower quality printing, uncoated copy paper suffices, but higher grades require coating. The traditional coatings are not widely used for inkjet papers. For matte inkjet papers, it is common to use silica as pigment together with polyvinyl alcohol (PVOH). Glossy inkjet papers can be made by multicoating, resin coating, or cast coating on a lamination paper.
A variety of fine art inkjet papers meet the needs of professional photographers and artists. These papers share many characteristics with traditional watercolor, printmaking, and photographic papers. Fine art inkjet papers are designed to meet similar standards for longevity as traditional fine art papers: they should have a neutral pH, be lignin-free, and not include optical brighteners. Fine art inkjet papers differ from traditional fine art papers, in that they include coatings engineered to receive and hold ink. Fine art papers are usually made of rag pulp (100% cotton being the most common) but may also have an alpha-cellulose base. 
Some fine art papers are mold made, while others are machine made, and may vary considerably in surface texture. Many fine art papers are available in pre-cut sheets or in rolls.
Comparison to standard office paper.
Standard office paper has traditionally been designed for use with typewriters and copy machines, where the paper usually does not get wet. With these papers, moisture tends to wick through the fibers and away from the point of contact. For inkjet printing, this dulls edges of lines and graphic boundaries, and lessens pigment intensity.
High-quality inkjet printing with dark, crisp lines requires that the paper have exactly the right absorbency to accept the ink but prevent sideways spread. Many general-purpose office papers of weights around 21 to 27 lb (80–100 g/m2) have been reformulated to work equally well with both inkjet and laser printers. However, this category of paper is only suitable for printing text, because the ink load is light.
Paper is manufactured by forming pulp fibers into a mat on an open mesh screen and then drying and pressing this mat into paper. Large areas of inkjet color, such as in graphics and photographs, soak the paper fibers with so much moisture that they swell and return to their original shape before pressing, resulting in a wavy buckling of the paper surface.
Double-sided inkjet printing is usually not possible with inexpensive low-weight copy paper because of bleed-through from one side to the other. These papers are also unsuitable for photographic work because standard office paper is usually not "white" enough. This results in a poor color gamut and leads to "muddy" colors. For all types of paper, printer driver settings must be adjusted to suit the paper, so that the printer delivers the right amount of ink.
Inkjet photo paper.
Photo paper is inkjet paper specifically for printing photographs. It is a bright white due to bleaching or pigments such as titanium dioxide, and has been coated with a highly absorbent material that limits diffusion of the ink. Highly refined clay is a common coating to prevent ink spread.
The best of these papers, with suitable pigment-based ink systems, can match or exceed the image quality and longevity of photographic gelatin-based silver halide continuous tone printing methods used for color photographs, such as Fuji CrystalArchive (for color prints from negatives) and Cibachrome/Ilfochrome (for color prints from positive transparencies). For printing monochrome photographs, some photographers believe that traditional silver-based papers exhibit deeper black tones and smoother tonal gradation compared with inkjet prints; however, objective testing of contemporary fine art inkjet media (in particular the finer gloss and luster papers) does not support these impressions. Paper is one amongst several key elements determining the quality of the print; the others are the ink, the printer, the printer/paper profile, the software used for print preparation and the skill and expertise of the print-maker.
Photo paper is typically divided into "glossy", "matte", "semi-matte", "semi-gloss", "satin" or "silk", and "matte" finishes. Paper thickness varies widely. Lighter weights are not much different from the general-purpose office papers described above, and can be used for all types of printing, though these are the least expensive and lowest-quality photo papers.
Photo papers for more critical work are thicker and have advanced coatings, sometimes with quick-drying properties. They can normally be printed only on the one specially coated side. A few papers are coated for double-sided printing.
Glossy photo paper has a shiny finish that gives photos a vivid look. It is generally smooth to the touch and has some glare depending on the lighting and the angle at which it is viewed. Matte photo paper is less shiny. Matte and glossy prints typically feel different to the touch, and they have different photographic properties. Black density and gamut of matte papers is normally less than for gloss or luster papers because of less reflectance and greater absorption/spread of ink into the paper. Papers with an imitation canvas texture emulate the look of oil paintings. Photo papers are usually high-brightness, fairly neutral white papers, but quite a few off-white papers are available.
As in offset litho printing and traditional photographic printing, glossy papers give the highest color density (or Dmax), and therefore the widest color gamut. Photo papers vary in their longevity and their color gamut. Paper suppliers and printer manufacturers often provide color profiles for use with specific inks and printer models. Longevity of inkjet papers is defined according to the stability of certain parameters (for example, fading from exposure to light, change in color balance, ozone resistance, humidity resistance) and depends on the specific combination of inks and paper. For maximum longevity, the paper substrate should be lignin free or cotton-based, or a combination of the two, pH neutral and contain no optical brightening agents in either the substrate or the coatings. Plastic substrates also exist.
No official paper industry standard defines glossy, semi-matte, etcetera, though an objective scale is available for the glossiness of papers used in offset litho printing. Hewlett-Packard, Epson and Kodak all use their own terms to describe their paper, such as Everyday (HP), Premium High Gloss and Luster (Epson) and Ultima (Kodak). ECI (www.eci.org) has categorized papers for proofing simulation of litho papers (type1/2 etc.)

</doc>
<doc id="7005435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005435" title="Screen Sinatra">
Screen Sinatra

Screen Sinatra is an album featuring songs by Frank Sinatra from various movies to which he contributed. The tracks were recorded between 1953 and 1960, though the final track—"Dream", recorded in 1960—comes from the 1971 film "Carnal Knowledge". The compilation was released in 1980 on LP and cassette by EMI, on CD in 1989 by EMI and was released in the United States by Capitol Records in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="7005436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005436" title="HMS Birmingham (C19)">
HMS Birmingham (C19)

HMS "Birmingham" was a member of the first group of five ships of the light cruisers.
Early career.
"Birmingham" initially joined the 5th Cruiser Squadron on the China Station in January 1938. On the outbreak of World War II in September 1939, she left for Malta for a refit before joining the Home Fleet in March–April 1940. "Birmingham" was a unit of the 18th Cruiser Squadron of the Home Fleet, initially used to patrol off the coast of Norway to prevent German fishing vessels operating in this area. In mid-April "Birmingham", and escorted a troop convoy to Norway. On 26 April she shelled and sank the after "Schiff 37" rammed and damaged the destroyer off Norway. In May, "Birmingham", in company with "Manchester", evacuated 1,500 troops from Åndalsnes. She returned to the UK and was in refit between September–December 1940.
From January until April 1941 "Birmingham" escorted troop convoys to the Middle East, around the Cape of Good Hope. In May she returned to home waters, and was involved in the hunt for the and heavy cruiser . "Birmingham" had already put to sea from Scapa Flow on a patrol of the Iceland-Faroes passage, and did not end up engaging the German ships. "Birmingham" then escorted convoy WS-9A from the UK to South Africa arriving on 4 July 1941. Whilst in South African waters, she docked in the Selborne dry dock at Simon's Town for a minor refit, where she was fitted with the Mk 284 and 291 radars and several new anti-aircraft weapons.
In the Mediterranean and home waters.
On completion in February 1942, "Birmingham" was transferred to the Eastern Fleet, returning to South Africa in March. In June she was reassigned to operate in the Mediterranean as a member of the 4th Cruiser Squadron under Rear Admiral Tennant. She was part of the covering force for the double convoy operation codenamed Operations "Harpoon" and "Vigorous" from Gibraltar and Alexandria to supply the island of Malta. In March, she was attacked and damaged by 15 Ju 87 from Sturzkampfgeschwader 3 and Italian Cant 1007 aircraft. Though they failed to hit "Birmingham" directly, she was damaged by several near misses. In September she returned to the Indian Ocean and was involved in the British operation to occupy Madagascar, codenamed Operation "Stream". In November "Birmingham" escorted a convoy to Mahajanga West Coast where the 10th Infantry Brigade was landed under air cover provided by the aircraft carrier .
In April 1943 "Birmingham" was again refitted in the UK, a process completed in October. She returned to the Mediterranean and on 28 November was torpedoed by the off the coast of Cyrenaica. The torpedo struck the keel, in line with the 'B' turret and right under the seaman boys' mess deck, killing about seventy men in that compartment. Seriously damaged, and with her bow almost severed, she succeeded in returning to Alexandria where temporary repairs were carried out. In June 1944, she sailed for the United States where more permanent repairs were carried out. 'X' 6 inch turret was removed and replaced by 16 (4x4) Bofors 40 mm gun plus an increase to 27 (10x2, 7x1) Oerlikon 20 mm cannon. In November 1944, the repairs were completed and she returned to home waters to join the 10th Cruiser Squadron at Scapa Flow.
In May 1945, as the war drew to a close, a force consisting of the cruisers "Birmingham", and several destroyers was tasked with occupying ports in the Baltic. The force passed through the German mine barrage off the Skagerrak, reaching Copenhagen on 9 May, taking control of the German cruisers "Prinz Eugen" and after their surrender. On 13 May "Birmingham" was relieved by the cruiser and she returned to the UK.
Postwar career.
In 1948 "Birmingham" was transferred to the South Atlantic Command. On 4 January 1947, she embarked the departing governor of Burma on its independence. She served in the East Indies Fleet with the 4th Cruiser Squadron between 1949 and 1950. During 1950 and 1952 "Birmingham" underwent a modernisation, receiving new bridgework, a lattice foremast and air conditioning rendering her suitable for service in the Far East. To control the 4" A/A armament, she was given 2 – Mk 6 high angle directors at the corners of the former aircraft hangar. Her armament now consisted of 9 (3x3) 6 inch guns, 16 (4x4) 4 inch guns and 18 (6x2 &amp; 6x1) Bofors 40 mm gun. This was her last modernisation as she was considered to be too old to justify any major modernisation. After this refit she was transferred to the Far East Fleet, where she was a member of the 5th Cruiser Squadron. She became involved in the Korean War where she expended 1,051 six-inch shells. In June 1952 as the Panmunjom (Korea) negotiations moved belatedly towards an armistice, "Birmingham", along with the cruiser and two frigates, supported American landing craft evacuating thousands of friendly Koreans from islands off the north-west coast. An armistice was finally reached in June 1953. In June 1954, "Birmingham" returned home from the Far East.
In 1955 "Birmingham" was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet, where she was the flagship of the 1st Cruiser Squadron. The 1956 film "The Baby and the Battleship" was filmed aboard her. During the same year she was in the Mediterranean, "Birmingham" also took part in the film "Battle of the River Plate" starring Anthony Quayle and Peter Finch. The visible presence in the wardroom of a full-frontal painted nude, "The Bane", painted in 1931 by Birmingham artist Bernard Fleetwood-Walker and loaned to the ship by Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery, caused some discussion at the Cannes Film Festival of 1957.
In June 1957, she was one of seven warships involved in an exercise off the Turkish Black Sea ports under the Commander in Chief of the Mediterranean Fleet, Admiral Sir Ralph Edwards — the exercises led to a strong protest from the Soviet government. In May 1959 whilst operating off Malta, "Birmingham" was involved in a collision with the destroyer which caused the deaths of two sailors who were overcome by fumes while inspecting areas below "Birmingham"s waterline for damage.
Decommissioning and disposal.
"Birmingham" was paid off at HMNB Devonport on 3 December 1959. By this time she was the last of her class in service. She was broken up in September 1960 by Thos. W. Ward, of Inverkeithing. Her badge is still visible on the Selborne Graving Dock wall at Simon's Town, South Africa.

</doc>
<doc id="7005443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005443" title="Daniel Ruggles">
Daniel Ruggles

Daniel Ruggles (January 31, 1810 – June 1, 1897) was a Brigadier General in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He was a division commander at the Battle of Shiloh.
Early life and military service.
Ruggles was born in Barre, Massachusetts, on January 31, 1810. In 1833 he graduated from the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York as 34th out of 43 cadets; among those George W. Cullum and Rufus King. He was appointed a brevet 2nd Lieutenant in the 5th U.S. Infantry Regiment and was posted in Wisconsin. He spent the next years in the Midwest with border duty and recruiting services. In 1839, by now a 1st Lieutenant, Ruggles participated in the war against the Seminoles in Florida. In 1840 he returned to the Canada–US border; and Ruggles stayed until 1845 when he took part in the occupation of Texas.
Ruggles and the 5th Infantry, under command of Lt. Col. James S. McIntosh, were part of the 2nd Brigade under Col. David E. Twiggs. Participating in the Texas Campaign Ruggles fought in the battles of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma; his solid services securing him a promotion to Captain on June 18, 1846.
Doing recruiting services after the end of the campaign Ruggles and the 5th Infantry joined Gen. Winfield Scott's army for the Mexico City Campaign, fighting at Vera Cruz, San Antonio, Churubusco, Molino del Rey, Chapultepec and Mexico City. Ruggles was breveted "for Gallant and Meritorious Conduct" to Major after Churubusco and to Lieutenant Colonel after Chapultepec.
After the war ended he was posted for frontier duty in Texas and the surrounding territories. Participating in the Utah Expedition in 1858 and 1859, Ruggles went on leave of absence for health reasons and stayed absent until the beginning of the American Civil War.
Early Civil War.
Despite being from the abolitionist stronghold of Massachusetts, Ruggles married a woman from Virginia and held Confederate beliefs. With the outbreak of the Civil War, Ruggles resigned his commission in the U.S. Army on May 7, 1861 Appointed a Brigadier General of Militia and Colonel in the Provisional Army of Virginia he was given command of the Aquia District in May 1861. There Ruggles set up shore batteries to block the Chesapeake Bay. After exchanging fire with the Union Navy Ruggles' troops resisted a landing party and prevented a Union beachhead in the Battle of Mathias Point.
On August 9, 1861, he was promoted to Brigadier General and assigned command of a brigade in Gen. Braxton Bragg's Army of Pensacola in Florida, although he was a known abolitionist. Simultaneously commanding the District of Northern Alabama, Ruggles's brigade moved westwards into Mississippi with Bragg in February 1862. Ruggles now was assigned to command a division in Bragg's Corps in the Army of Mississippi. Under overall command of General Albert Sidney Johnston they marched northwards for the Shiloh Campaign.
Battle of Shiloh.
During the battle of Shiloh (Union name Pittsburg Landing) on April 6–7, 1862, Gen. Ruggles, on Sunday, April 6, saw repeated Confederate charges against the Union line known as "The Hornets Nest" fail. He sent word to his commanders to "Get every gun you can find." Subsequently, artillery was collected from every part of the field and lined up in a row of 62 cannons, now known as "Ruggles's Battery" (the biggest concentration of Artillery ever assembled in the history of North America up to that point), which hammered the Hornets Nest until the last Confederate charge broke the Union line at around 5:30 p.m., forcing it to surrender, 12 hours after the battle had started.
Late Civil War.
He fought with General John C. Breckinridge, the former Vice President of the United States, in the 1862 campaign to regain control of Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The combined Breckinridge-Ruggles forces were unable to regain the capital city.
From August 15 to August 29, 1862 Ruggles was in command of the Port Hudson position on the Mississippi in Louisiana and supervised the planning and initial construction of fortifications in that region. On the 29th he was ordered by Breckinridge to move with some of his troops to the state of Mississippi to aid Earl Van Dorn in his attempt to recapture Corinth, Mississippi in the ensuing Second Battle of Corinth.
"Most of the predatory warfare [after the fall of Vicksburg, in 1863], was waged by Federal troops stationed on the Memphis-Charleston Railroad [in southern Tennessee], and near it in [northern] Mississippi. On the eastern part of that frontier, Brig. Gen. Ruggles commanded Ferguson's brigade of Confederate cavalry, and ten or twelve field pieces...This disposition had been made by Lt. Gen. Pemberton."
For the rest of the war he performed mostly administrative duties and was named as the head of the prison system in 1865. He oversaw the final exchange of Union prisoners of war at the end of the conflict.
Later life.
After the war, Ruggles was a real estate agent and a farmer in Virginia. He later served as a member of the West Point Board of Visitors. He died in Fredericksburg, Virginia in 1897; and rests there in the Confederate Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7005453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005453" title="André Luis Garcia">
André Luis Garcia



</doc>
<doc id="7005459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005459" title="Leloutrea">
Leloutrea



</doc>
<doc id="7005471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005471" title="Seforno">
Seforno



</doc>
<doc id="7005477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005477" title="Yagyu clan">
Yagyu clan



</doc>
<doc id="7005480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005480" title="Neudorfia">
Neudorfia



</doc>
<doc id="7005490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005490" title="Johann Georg Specht">
Johann Georg Specht

Johann Georg Specht (20 December 1721 – 30 December 1803) was born in Lindenberg im Allgäu. He was a civil engineer and architect in the south of Germany.
Johann Georg Specht trained as a civil engineer with Peter Thumb in Vorarlberg.
Specht planned and had a vast number of edifices and other constructions built in Upper Swabia and the Allgäu, amongst which are as varied constructions as water works, bridges, mills, residential buildings, industrial buildings and even castles and churches.
His main and most famous project was the monastery church St. Martin at Wiblingen Abbey in 1771. He planned and designed the church but was not allowed to execute the building works when the Bavarian painter and civil engineer Januarius Zick was contracted in 1778 to complete the building works after Specht had been dismissed in December 1777.
Honour.
A street in Lindenberg im Allgäu has been named "Baumeister-Specht-Strasse".

</doc>
<doc id="7005498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005498" title="Fansong">
Fansong



</doc>
<doc id="7005504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005504" title="Ferreira (footballer, born 1979)">
Ferreira (footballer, born 1979)

Josiesley Ferreira Rosa, best known as Ferreira (born February 21, 1979, in Uberlândia, Minas Gerais State) is a Brazilian football striker.
Career.
Born in Uberlândia, Minas Gerais State, during his early career he played with several clubs in Brazil: Uberlândia, Goiás, Atlético Mineiro, Ateneu and Mamoré.
In summer 2001 he moved to Portugal where, until 2006, he represented several Portuguese Liga clubs: Farense, Vitória Guimarães, Beira-Mar, Gil Vicente, CD Nacional and União Leiria.
In 2006, he signed with Cruzeiro playing in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A. He played afterwards with Ipatinga (Serie B) and Náutico (Serie A) before returning to Portuguese top league club União Leiria in 2008.
After that short return to Portugal, his next destination was Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i in the South Korean K-League. Afterwards he had a spell with Ipatinga, who he had helped the year before to get the promotion to the Brazilian Serie A, before joining former European champions Red Star Belgrade playing in the Serbian SuperLiga.
In 2009, he was back to Brazil playing Náutico in the Serie A then moving to Mirassol in 2010. In 2011, he moved abroad again, this time signing with Iran Pro League side Naft Tehran.
Achievements.
Rosa was runner-up top scorer of the Campeonato Mineiro 2001, with nine goals and third top scorer of the Portuguese Liga 2003-04, with 14 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="7005510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005510" title="Osteocarpus">
Osteocarpus



</doc>
<doc id="7005525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005525" title="Evermind">
Evermind

Evermind may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7005529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005529" title="Zedaki">
Zedaki



</doc>
<doc id="7005534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005534" title="Stratospheerius">
Stratospheerius

Stratospheerius are an American progressive rock band based in New York City. They are led by electric violinist Joe Deninzon, who also plays the mandolin and serves as the band's lead vocalist.
History.
Deninzon was born in St. Petersburg, Russia but grew up in Cleveland, Ohio and studied classical and jazz violin at Indiana University. Before relocating to the New York City area in 1998, he recorded jazz fusion CD "Electric/Blue", playing primarily on a 6-string Jensen electric violin. While freelancing in the New York City area, Deninzon was also studying at the Manhattan School of Music and teaching at the New School. While at the New School, he met and began collaborating with guitarist Alex Skolnick, who was studying jazz guitar there at the time. Their band eventually became known as Stratospheerius, and they toured, recorded and released "The Adventures of Stratospheerius" album in 2001–2002.
The band consisted of Deninzon on violin, Skolnick on guitar, Rufus Philpot on bass, Scott Chasolen on keyboards, Grisha Alexiev on drums with DJ Big Wiz on the turntables. The 12-track album consisted mostly of originals written by Deninzon as well as covers of Vince Guaraldi, Stevie Wonder, and Wayne Shorter. The band’s live shows became known for their extended jams, musical improvisation and their violin/guitar interplay, often invoking comparisons to bands like Dave Matthews Band and Bela Fleck.
On the strength and popularity of their live shows, the band released a live album, "Live Wires", in 2004. That same year they also won an Independent Music Award for Best Jam Song for their song "What's That Thing". By this point the band’s personnel had started evolving. The band jettisoned keyboards and turntables from their sound, with Jake Ezra taking over for Skolnick on guitar and Ron Baron joining on bass. Drummer Lucianna Padmore was brought into the group by Skolnick and Baron, who knew her as a student at the New School, where she was studying jazz. "Live Wires" included many of the songs from their first album as well as Deninzon’s debut, "Electric/Blue", and featured their current lineup plus two songs that included Skolnick.
The personnel changed once again with bassist Bob Bowen and guitarist Mack Price joining Deninzon and Padmore, with Deninzon switching to a 7-string electric violin built by Mark Wood. This lineup released a live DVD "Fiddle Trip Funk Live!" in 2006 and a studio album, "Headspace", in 2007. Headspace saw a bit of a direction change for the band, as the funk and jazz styles were combined with more melodic and progressive rock. 
The band took a break as Deninzon and Bowen teamed up with guitarist Steve Benson as the Joe Deninzon Trio to record the acoustic jazz album "Exuberance", released in 2010. In 2011 Deninzon joined the faculty of the Mark Wood Rock Orchestra Camp. 
Following Price’s departure and Bowen’s death, Deninzon and Padmore brought French guitarist Aurelien Budynek and bassist Jamie BishopFrancis Dunnery, The Syn into the fold. This lineup recorded the band's next album, "The Next World…", released in May 2012. Stratospheerius held a concert in New York City to celebrate its release, with original guitarist Alex Skolnick reuniting with Deninzon and Padmore as he played guitar with the band as a special guest during the show.
Following a successful Kickstarter campaign, the band filmed a music video at Bethlehem Steelstax for a song, "One Foot In The Next World," from their album "The Next World".
In February 2017, it was revealed that former Stratospheerius guitarist Alex Skolnick and Renaissance keyboardist Rave Tesar will be guests on a new Stratospheerius album "Guilty of Innocence", released in the fall of 2017. On June 16, 2017, Joe Deninzon &amp; Stratospheerius signed with Melodic Revolution Records for the upcoming release, "Guilty of Innocence". On August 4 that year, the band released the first single, "Hysteria", from the forthcoming album. "Guilty of Innocence" was released worldwide on September 29, 2017. The album hit number four on the Relix/Jamband radio charts, and 72 on the European Indy Charts.
After creating the SonicVoyageFest tour, Stratospheerius performed in Chicago's Progtoberfest in 2017, and twice at ProgStock in 2019 and 2020.
In 2020, the group released three singles to be included on their next album: the title track "Impostor", a cover of King Crimson's "Frame by Frame", and "Storm Surge," which features Denizon's wife Yulia Ziskel on classical violin, Ruti Celli on cello, Rachel Flowers on flute and piano, Fernando Perdomo on guitar, and Saga's Michael Sadler singing lead. Joe sings harmony and plays both violin and the viper on the song, which Sonic Perspectives states is "a song for our times." Randy McStine joined in the 2021 recording of their song "Cognitive Dissonance," with a clay-mation music video.
In 2023, the group released its first live box set, "Behind the Curtain (Live at ProgStock)", featuring live performances of the band with drummer Jason Gianni, bassist Paul Ranieri, guitarist Michelangelo Quirinale. The group planned one live concert in conjunction with the box set's release as Deninzon began performing double duties, playing violins and guitar as a member of classic rock group Kansas for its 50th anniversary.

</doc>
<doc id="7005541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005541" title="Brille">
Brille

The brille (also called the ocular scale, eye cap or spectacle) is the layer of transparent, immovable disc-shaped skin or scale covering the eyes of some animals for protection, especially in animals without eyelids. In squamate reptiles both the nictitating membrane and the eyelids have been suggested as the evolutionary origin of the brille, but embryonic studies supports the fusion of the dorsal and ventral eyelids. Brille means "spectacles" or "glasses" in German, Norwegian, and Danish.
In snakes, there are no eyelids and the brille is clear and cannot be distinguished, except when the animal is becoming ready for ecdysis. At that time, it becomes cloudy and is visible as a cover over the eye. When the snake moults, the brille is also shed, generally inside out, as part of its skin. The brilles protect their eyes from dust and dirt and give them a "glassy-eyed" blank appearance.
Snakes, flap-footed lizards, night lizards, and some skinks have brilles. All geckos except those in the subfamily Eublepharinae (eyelid geckos) possess brilles.
Some groups of bony fish have a transparent eyelid known as the adipose eyelid. Some reptiles, mammals and birds have a translucent third eyelid that moves horizontally across the eye called the nictitating membrane.

</doc>
<doc id="7005543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005543" title="Sinaba Stadium">
Sinaba Stadium

Sinaba Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Benoni, South Africa. It is currently used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Benoni Premier United. The stadium holds 15,000 people. It underwent a major upgrade during 2009, as it had been chosen as a training facility during the 2010 FIFA world cup in South Africa.
International matches cannot be held at the stadium since it does not meet FIFA regulations. An evaluation of the stadium's structural soundness led to the decision to demolish it. Over time, the Benoni North Local Football Association has bemoaned the facility for its inadequate upkeep and administration. SuperSport United looked at Sinaba Stadium as a potential replacement for Lucas Moripe Stadium, which was deemed too large for their requirements. Numerous football games have taken place in the stadium, including the 2010 opening game between South Africa and Tanzania at the seventh African Women's Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="7005544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005544" title="Pitch bending">
Pitch bending



</doc>
<doc id="7005545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005545" title="Benjamin Köhler">
Benjamin Köhler

Benjamin Köhler (born 4 August 1980) is a German former professional footballer. Köhler, who is left-footed, could play flexibly on all offensive positions but often found himself on the left wing.
Career.
After getting just one appearance with Hertha BSC he had a one-year loan stint with Duisburg; he finally moved to Regionalliga side Rot-Weiss Essen where he scored 13 goals. After that season, Eintracht Frankfurt scouted and finally signed him. In the promotion season he netted seven goals in 29 games. In the next season he had as many games while scoring three goals, one of which was among the goal of the week choices.
On 7 February 2015, his Union Berlin team-mates held a tribute to him in support after his diagnosis of stomach cancer after the seventh minute of the game, a 2–1 defeat of VfL Bochum. They received an ovation from both the fans and players from both teams. His contract was later renewed, even after the diagnosis. In July 2015 it was announced that he had beaten stomach cancer and he was given the all clear. In April 2016, Köhler's contract was extended until summer 2017.
At the end of his contract in summer 2017, Köhler's contract at Union Berlin was not renewed; moreover, he decided to put an end to his career because of knee issues. Following the end of his playing career, Köhler started working in an ice cream shop.

</doc>
<doc id="7005548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005548" title="Sivand Dam">
Sivand Dam

Sivand Dam (Persian: سد سیوند) is a dam built in 2007 in Fars province, Iran. Named after the nearby town of Sivand located northwest of Shiraz, it was the center of worldwide concern because of the flooding it would cause in historical and archaeologically rich areas of Ancient Persia and possible harm it may cause to the nearby UNESCO World Heritage Sites of Persepolis and Pasargadae.
Planning and history.
The Iranian government planned the Sivand Dam for over 10 years, with a location on the Polvar River in the Tangeh Bolaghi (Bolaghi Gorge) between the ruins of Persepolis and Pasargadae. Intended to allow irrigation in the arid region, the planning and initial site construction began in 1992, then was stopped for further planning and was reactivated in 2003.
For the first decade, much of the planning was not made public; Iran's own Iranian Cultural Heritage Organization (ICHO) was not aware of the total area of flooding until 2003. When the intentions for the dam were made public, international concern was raised regarding damage to any archaeological sites, particularly the two World Heritage Sites. Rumors spread that the dam would place the two ruins under water, spurring outcry and petitions from concerned experts and individuals. Scientists with the dam project dismissed the rumors outright, and Iranian officials pointed some blame for the rumors on the political opposition parties from outside Iran. Iranian Ministry of Energy studies have placed the furthest reaches of the lake approximately 7 kilometers south of the plain of Murqab; that is 9 kilometers from Pasargadae and more than 70 kilometers from Persepolis.
However, Iranian officials from the Ministry of Energy and ICHO did acknowledge that the lake will flood 130 Persian archeological sites and invited international teams to help excavate the area before construction commenced. In 2004, the United Nations issued an urgent international appeal for archaeologists to join the domestic effort to unearth and record what they could before the flooding. Teams from Germany, France, Italy, Japan, Poland, and the United States responded to the request for help.
One consequence of the dam's construction was an opportunity for extensive archaeological work in a historically rich area in a short amount of time. The oldest sites the international teams found were caves inhabited about 7,000 years ago. The archaeologists uncovered a narrow 9-mile dirt road believed to be the Royal Passage of the Achaemenids, connecting the two ancient cities, which was in use until the 18th century.
The archaeological work caused the construction schedule of Sivand Dam to be pushed back. The area was originally supposed to be flooded by the end of February 2006, but the discovery of an Achaemenid-era village and cemetery caused it to be delayed.
Potential effects on Pasargadae.
Besides the flooding of 130 archaeological sites, a larger concern has been raised about the dam's effect on nearby World Heritage Sites, particularly Pasargadae, an ancient capital of the Persian Empire built by Cyrus the Great and the site of his tomb.
Experts involved with planning the dam deny this claim, noting that the site is well above and away from the eventual waterline. However, it is unknown how the dampness caused by the dam will affect the ruins. Archaeologists and scientists agree that the rise in humidity from the new lake will speed up the destruction of Pasargadae to some degree. Although no preliminary environmental research has been carried out to assess the effects of humidity upon the constructions at Pasargadae, the Ministry of Energy believes it could be compensated by controlling the water level of the dam reservoir.
In 2010, studies of the Pasargadae showed that groundwater levels in the area had risen as a result of the dam and lake. The higher groundwater levels and increased humidity were said to be directly affecting foundation failures and the formation of newer cracks in walls and platforms throughout the ruins.
Completion.
Sivand Dam was completed in 2007, but the height of the lake behind it was delimited so that it would not harm the site of Cyrus the Great's Mausoleum. Dr. Shahriar Adl was active in preserving the site.

</doc>
<doc id="7005549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005549" title="Pachysolen">
Pachysolen



</doc>
<doc id="7005552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005552" title="Aleksandr Lebedev (biochemist)">
Aleksandr Lebedev (biochemist)

Alexander Nikolayevich Lebedev (1869–1937) was a biochemist in the Russian Empire and the Soviet Union. He is known for his early experiments on the biochemical basis of behavior. Lebedev apprenticed as a student with physiologist and psychologist Ivan Pavlov, becoming familiar with various techniques involved used in behavioral psychology. Lebedev developed a theory that behavior in general, and specifically conditioned behavior, had a biochemical rather than psychological basis. He began his studies in biochemistry in Moscow State University, obtaining a doctorate in 1898. He then proceeded to publish widely on the topic of "biochemistry of the mind" and is considered by some to have pioneered the field of neuropharmacology.

</doc>
<doc id="7005553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005553" title="Pitchshifting">
Pitchshifting



</doc>
<doc id="7005558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005558" title="W. W. Norton &amp; Company, Inc.">
W. W. Norton &amp; Company, Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="7005559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005559" title="Eye cap">
Eye cap



</doc>
<doc id="7005563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005563" title="Eyecap">
Eyecap



</doc>
<doc id="7005566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005566" title="Periloba">
Periloba



</doc>
<doc id="7005574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005574" title="M-28 (MI)">
M-28 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005576" title="M-13 (MI)">
M-13 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005579" title="M-14 (MI)">
M-14 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005580" title="Cherry Keane">
Cherry Keane



</doc>
<doc id="7005582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005582" title="M-15 (MI)">
M-15 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005583" title="Cyclopentanol">
Cyclopentanol

Cyclopentanol or cyclopentyl alcohol is the organic compound with the formula . It is classified as a cyclic alcohol.
Synthesis and reactions.
The bio-derived "platform chemical" furfural can be efficiently converted to cyclopentanol by hydrodeoxygenation using a copper catalyst. or a nickelcobalt catalyst. 
Cyclopentanol can then be easily dehydrated to cyclopentene, which in turn can be converted to cyclopentyl methyl ether.
Cyclopentanol is an intermediate in the oxidation of cyclopentene to cyclopentanone.

</doc>
<doc id="7005584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005584" title="Rayera">
Rayera



</doc>
<doc id="7005586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005586" title="M-16 (MI)">
M-16 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005598" title="M-17 (MI)">
M-17 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005600" title="M-18 (Michigan)">
M-18 (Michigan)



</doc>
<doc id="7005607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005607" title="M-18 (MI)">
M-18 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005608" title="Sorema">
Sorema



</doc>
<doc id="7005610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005610" title="Curt Flatow">
Curt Flatow



</doc>
<doc id="7005611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005611" title="Battle of Meadow Bridge">
Battle of Meadow Bridge

The Battle of Meadow Bridge (also known as Meadow Bridges and the Battle of Richmond Heights) was an engagement on May 12, 1864, in Henrico County, Virginia, during Lt. Gen. Ulysses S. Grant's Overland Campaign of the American Civil War. Following their victory at the Battle of Yellow Tavern on May 11, Union cavalry under Maj. Gen. Philip H. Sheridan advanced in the direction of the Confederate capital of Richmond. Caught in the narrow area between the fortifications of Richmond and the rain-swollen Chickahominy River, the Union troopers were subjected to fire from the artillery of Confederate Maj. Gen. Fitzhugh Lee. Michigan cavalry under Brig. Gen. George A. Custer forced a crossing of a damaged railroad bridge, which was quickly rebuilt by engineers, allowing the troopers to escape to safety and continue their raid.
Background.
On May 11, 1864, Sheridan and his Union cavalry force, on the second day of a daring raid against Richmond, defeated Maj. Gen. J.E.B. Stuart at the Battle of Yellow Tavern, mortally wounding the storied Confederate cavalier. Sheridan led his troops southward towards Richmond, carefully feeling his way through the abandoned outer defensive works. As darkness fell, a severe thunderstorm drenched the column, but Sheridan kept up his movement down the Brook Pike, not realizing that he was boxing himself into a potential trap. Confederates had left torpedoes (land mines) in the road—many exploded during the passage, killing several horses but not delaying the column further. As dawn broke and the storm subsided, Sheridan found himself only two and half miles from his objective. However, to his dismay, the intermediate defenses in his front swarmed with enemy troops. His left flank was against the swollen Chickahominy, and Confederate cavalry threatened his rear, hoping to capture the Union force.
Battle.
Sheridan decided to force a crossing of the river at Meadow Bridge, where the Virginia Central Railroad crossed the river. Confederates had earlier dismantled the flooring on the road part of the bridge, rendering it temporarily useless, although the rest of the bridge was intact. Sheridan assigned the Michigan brigade of Brig. Gen. George A. Custer, part of Brig. Gen. Wesley Merritt's division, to seize the span and the high bluffs beyond. The rest of Sheridan's command had to hold the Confederates at bay while Custer executed his orders. The other two brigades in Merritt's division, commanded by Colonels Thomas C. Devin and Alfred Gibbs, guarded the center of the Union line to protect against Confederate advances out of the Richmond fortifications. On the western end of the Union line, near Brook Church, the division of Brig. Gen. David McM. Gregg had to resist the advance of Brig. Gen. James B. Gordon's brigade. On the eastern end, Brig. Gen. James H. Wilson was to oppose any Confederate advances along Meadow Bridge road and Mechanicsville Pike.
The rearguard of the Gregg's division was assailed on three sides as soon as it was light enough for a brigade of Confederate infantry to sally forth from the fortifications and attack. Soon, other Confederates, including Richmond citizens hastily pressed into military service, joined in the efforts to break through the rear lines. According to the regimental historian of the veteran 1st Pennsylvania Cavalry,
Wilson's men were initially pushed back in some confusion, but Gregg had concealed a heavy line of skirmishers armed with repeating carbines in a brushy ravine. His men poured forth a destructive fire, halting the final Confederate advances, assisted by some of Wilson's men who turned the flank of the attacking column. Federal horse artillery made sure that the Confederate infantry no longer was a threat, and three mounted cavalry regiments skirmished with approaching enemy cavalry, turning them aside and protecting the rear. Brig. Gen. Gordon was mortally wounded in the fighting and died on May 18.
In the meantime, Custer's 5th Michigan Cavalry used snipers to suppress Confederate rifle fire while several daring dismounted troopers crossed the damaged railroad bridge, hopping from railroad tie to tie while menaced by persistent enemy artillery fire. Followed by the 6th Michigan, they succeeded in the early afternoon in clearing the north bank of the Chickahominy and gaining a foothold on the Confederate side of the river. Custer's men pinned down the remaining threatening enemy units and captured two artillery pieces, while pioneers energetically planked the bridge to provide safe passage for large numbers of men and horses. By mid-afternoon, Merritt's entire division had crossed and engaged the hastily built Confederate works on Richmond Heights, driving the defenders back to Gaines's Mill. By 4 p.m., the rest of Sheridan's cavalry had crossed the river.
Sheridan destroyed the Virginia Central Bridge in his wake to prevent further pursuit. For the balance of the day, Sheridan's men collected their wounded, buried their dead, grazed their horses in the pastures, and eagerly read Richmond newspapers, which two enterprising small boys had brought across the lines and sold to the Union soldiers.
Aftermath.
After his men had rested, Sheridan brushed aside the remaining Confederate resistance in the area and marched his column to Mechanicsville, out of harm's way. They bivouacked that night at Gaines's Mill, which was burned the following morning by some of the stragglers; Sheridan ordered a bucket brigade to douse the flames. Upon reaching Bottom's Bridge over the Chickahominy, they found it had also been damaged and rested there for the night while it was repaired. By this time, Sheridan's men were suffering from hunger and it was becoming urgent that they reach Union lines. On May 14, he led his men to Haxall's Landing on the James River, ending his raid.
Sheridan reported 170 casualties for the Meadow Bridges, Mechanicsville, Strawberry Hill, Brook Church (or Richmond Fortifications), engagements, May 12, 1864. Confederate losses are not recorded. 
Sheridan's raid was an overall tactical success, having killed Jeb Stuart at Yellow Tavern and beaten Fitzhugh Lee at Meadow Bridge, all with relatively minimal casualties—about 625 men for the entire raid, compared to 800 Confederate. From a strategic standpoint, however, the raid deprived General Grant of the cavalry resources that would have been helpful during the Battle of Spotsylvania Court House and his subsequent advance to the North Anna River, and there are lingering questions about whether Sheridan should have attempted to assault the city of Richmond. In the latter case, Sheridan believed it would not have been worth the risk in casualties and he recognized that the chances of holding the city for more than a brief time would be minimal; any advantages would primarily result from damage to Confederate morale.

</doc>
<doc id="7005612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005612" title="Michigan State Highway 18">
Michigan State Highway 18



</doc>
<doc id="7005616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005616" title="M-19 (Michigan)">
M-19 (Michigan)



</doc>
<doc id="7005621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005621" title="M-19 (MI)">
M-19 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005622" title="Yagyu Muneyoshi">
Yagyu Muneyoshi



</doc>
<doc id="7005626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005626" title="Michigan State Highway 19">
Michigan State Highway 19



</doc>
<doc id="7005628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005628" title="Yagyu Shinkage-ryu">
Yagyu Shinkage-ryu



</doc>
<doc id="7005630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005630" title="HMS Southampton (83)">
HMS Southampton (83)

HMS "Southampton" was a member of the first group of five ships of the of light cruisers. She was built by John Brown &amp; Company, Clydebank, Scotland and launched on 10 March 1936.
Service history.
"Southampton" saw service in World War II, and initially served as the flagship of the 2nd Cruiser Squadron with the Home Fleet. On 5 September 1939 she intercepted the German merchant "Johannes Molkenbuhr" off Stadtlandet, Norway, but her crew scuttled the ship before she could be captured. The crew was taken off by the destroyer , and "Johannes Molkenbuhr" was then finished off by destroyer .
"Southampton" was later damaged on 16 October 1939 whilst lying at anchor off Rosyth, Scotland, when she was struck by a 500 kg bomb in a German air raid. The bomb was released from only height by a Ju 88 of I/KG.30, and hit the corner of the pom-pom magazine, passed through three decks at an angle and exited the hull, detonating in the water. There was minor structural damage and temporary failure of electrical systems. She was repaired and at the end of the year she was one of the ships involved in the hunt for the German battleships and after the sinking of the armed merchant cruiser . She then served with the Humber Force until February 1940, and then went to the 18th Cruiser squadron at Scapa Flow. On 9 April 1940, "Southampton" was operating off the Norwegian coast when she sustained splinter damage in a German air attack. The main battery director was temporarily knocked out. After being repaired, she had anti-invasion duties on the south-coast of England until she returned to Scapa Flow in October.
On 15 November "Southampton" sailed for the Mediterranean. She participated in the action off Cape Spartivento on 27 November. In December the cruiser was moved to the Red Sea to escort troop convoys, and at the same time took part in the bombardment of Kismayu during the campaign in Italian East Africa. On 1 January 1941 she joined the 3rd Cruiser Squadron and took part in Operation Excess. In the early afternoon of 11 January, both she and fellow cruiser came under attack from 12 Stuka dive bombers of II "Gruppe", Sturzkampfgeschwader 2, Luftwaffe. She was hit by at least two bombs south-east of Malta and caught fire; the resulting blaze spread from stem to stern and trapped a number of men below decks. 81 men were killed with the survivors being picked up by "Gloucester" and the destroyer . Heavily damaged and without power, "Southampton" was sunk by one torpedo from "Gloucester" and four from the cruiser .
A week after the sinking Admiral Cunningham, Commander-in-Chief of the Mediterranean Fleet, wrote a private letter to the First Sea Lord, Sir Dudley Pound, "I don't like these 'Southampton' class. They are fine ships but that great hangar structure seems to provide a good point of aim, they are always being hit there." Despite this concern, the other four ships in the Southampton sub-class served through the entire war, and only two of the ten overall Town class ships were lost due to air attack (two others were lost to torpedo attack).

</doc>
<doc id="7005631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005631" title="M-20 (MI)">
M-20 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005632" title="M-21 (MI)">
M-21 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005636" title="M-22 (MI)">
M-22 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005641" title="Teganium">
Teganium



</doc>
<doc id="7005642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005642" title="Egroups">
Egroups



</doc>
<doc id="7005643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005643" title="M-23 (Michigan)">
M-23 (Michigan)



</doc>
<doc id="7005645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005645" title="Teignmouth (album)">
Teignmouth (album)

Teignmouth is the first studio album by the neoclassical dark wave band Love Is Colder Than Death. It was released in Europe in 1991 by the Hyperium music label in both LP and CD formats. Earlier that year Hyperium had released the three song "Wild World" vinyl EP. Teignmouth was also released in the United States in 1994 by Metropolis Records as the then new record distribution and label's first release (MET001).
This album started the heavenly voices series.
Two of the tracks on Teignmouth, "Wild World" and "From the Fog", were previously released on the "Wild World" EP. However the version of "Wild World" released on Teignmouth is shorter than the original EP release.
Track listing.
Both the European and American CD versions of Teignmouth had the same track order.
The Hyperium Records LP track order is the same as the order on the CD, with the B-side of the album starting with "Abiata".

</doc>
<doc id="7005649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005649" title="M-23 (MI)">
M-23 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005651" title="List of Dave and Morley stories">
List of Dave and Morley stories

The following is a list of stories written by Stuart McLean featuring his popular fictional characters "Dave and Morley" from the radio program "The Vinyl Cafe". First read on air in 1994, many of the stories were eventually compiled in book form, followed by audio recording compilations from the program. After McLean's death, select stories are rerun on CBC Radio One's current affairs show, "The Current", as holiday programing.
Note that this list features only the stories that have been published in book form and on audio. Numerous other stories have been written and read out loud on the radio show, but are not currently listed - 173 have been reissued as of 2024. Several stories also have titles in the book different from those on the audio versions.
The first collection of stories in book form, "Stories from the Vinyl Cafe," contains several stories that did not feature Dave and Morley or any other characters acquainted with them. Subsequent collections of stories featured Dave and Morley-related content exclusively.
Characters.
The major characters in the stories are Dave, Morley, their family and assorted friends and neighbours. The family's last name is never mentioned, although in one story Dave's mother's name is given as Margaret McNeil.
Collections of Stories in Book Form.
"The Vinyl Cafe Notebooks" (2010).
NOTES FROM HOME
CALENDAR NOTES
NOTES FROM THE NEIGHBOURHOOD
TASTING NOTES
NOTES FROM THE ROAD
NOTES TO SELF
Collections of Stories in Audio Form.
"At the Vinyl Cafe: The Christmas Concert (1997)".
The 1996 Christmas special of the Vinyl Cafe was released on audio and features two stories:
"The Vinyl Cafe Christmas Album (2014)".
Vinyl LP with MP3 download code.

</doc>
<doc id="7005655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005655" title="Varularu">
Varularu



</doc>
<doc id="7005656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005656" title="Michigan State Highway 23">
Michigan State Highway 23



</doc>
<doc id="7005659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005659" title="Curth Flatow">
Curth Flatow

Curth Flatow (9 January 1920 – 4 June 2011) was a German dramatist and screenwriter who started his career in post-war Germany specializing in light comedy. Flatow was born in Berlin. Many of his plays have been adapted for the big screen. One of his more recent shows is "Ein gesegnetes Alter" ("A Blessed Age", 1996), a vehicle for Johannes Heesters.
Flatow's 2000 memoir is entitled "Am Kurfürstendamm fing es an. Erinnerungen aus einem Gedächtnis mit Lücken". He died in 2011 in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="7005660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005660" title="M-24 (MI)">
M-24 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005662" title="Varalaru (film)">
Varalaru (film)



</doc>
<doc id="7005668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005668" title="Water Master">
Water Master



</doc>
<doc id="7005672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005672" title="1972 Belfast Bomb Blitz">
1972 Belfast Bomb Blitz



</doc>
<doc id="7005676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005676" title="Water master">
Water master



</doc>
<doc id="7005682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005682" title="Municipal bond arbitrage">
Municipal bond arbitrage



</doc>
<doc id="7005684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005684" title="Watermaster">
Watermaster



</doc>
<doc id="7005690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005690" title="Citizendium">
Citizendium

Citizendium ( ; "the citizens' compendium of everything") is an English-language wiki-based free online encyclopedia launched by Larry Sanger, co-founder of Nupedia and Wikipedia. 
Larry Sanger had worked as paid staff with Jimmy Wales to make Nupedia and Wikipedia, though Sanger left for financial reasons. He had been the editor-in-chief of Nupedia, which had an editorial review process similar to what he founded at Citizendium. 
It was first announced in September 2006 as a fork of the English Wikipedia, but instead launched in March 2007 with an emphasis on original content. The project's aim was to improve on the Wikipedia model by providing increased reliability. It planned to achieve this by requiring virtually all contributors to use their real names, by strictly moderating the project for unprofessional behavior, by providing "gentle expert oversight" of everyday contributors, and through "approved articles" which have undergone a form of peer-review by topic experts with credentials.
Active contributors increased through the first quarter of 2008 and then declined; by 27 October 2011, the site had fewer than 100 active members. The last managing editor was Anthony Sebastian, until the office was vacated in 2016. , it had 17,956 "live" and 6,322 "lemma" articles (lemmas are undeveloped articles which contain little more than a definition).
Founder viewpoints.
Sanger said in a 17 October 2006 press release that Citizendium "will soon attempt to unseat Wikipedia as the go-to destination for general information online". In August 2007, he captioned its pages: "The world needs a more credible free encyclopedia." The project began its pilot phase in October and November 2006.
On 18 January 2007, a change of plans was announced. Sanger announced on the CZ (Citizendium) mailing list that only articles marked "CZ Live", those which have been or will soon be worked on by Citizendium contributors, would remain on the site, and all other articles forked from Wikipedia would be deleted. Not all Citizendium contributors were supportive of this change, but Sanger emphasized that this deletion was "an experiment" and a new set of Wikipedia articles could be uploaded if the experiment were deemed unsuccessful.
Planning for succession of editor-in-chief.
In May 2009, Sanger reduced his direct activity at Citizendium, and, in a message on 30 July 2009, he reminded those on the Citizendium-l mailing list of his previously declared intention not to serve as editor-in-chief for more than two or three years after the start of the project. Sanger has reiterated his call for the Citizendium community to prepare an orderly process for choosing a new editor-in-chief. Sanger said that he was spending more time on his WatchKnow project, partly because he needs to earn an income—he said the "Citizendium project doesn't earn me a dime"—and partly because the Citizendium community had demonstrated that it could function effectively without his close, daily involvement, and because "there are squeakier wheels in my life just now". He added that stepping aside may "precipitate something of a constitutional crisis, considering that we [Citizendium] never adopted a proper charter". Citizendium finally ratified its charter in September 2010. On 22 September 2010, Sanger stepped down as editor-in-chief, but said he would continue to support the project.
Nature of the project.
Fork of Wikipedia.
According to statements and essays on Citizendium, the project was initially intended to begin as a fork of Wikipedia, carrying a copy of each article—under the rules of the GNU Free Documentation License—as it existed on Wikipedia at the time of Citizendium's launch. However, after initiating the idea of not forking, and then soliciting comments on the matter from Citizendium mailing list and web forum members, Sanger said that a complete fork at launch was not a "foregone conclusion". On 18 January 2007, Sanger announced that the pilot would, as an experiment, only carry articles that had been, or would soon be, worked on by Citizendium contributors, instead of a complete set of Wikipedia articles. He stated that the experiment "represents a reconception of our project's basic aim".
No announcement was made on Citizendium editions in languages other than English, but Sanger stated that they may be forthcoming after the English-language version was established and successfully working. In a review of Andrew Keen's book "The Cult of the Amateur", Sanger comments ironically on Keen's favorable treatment of Citizendium: "The first example of a 'solution' he offers is the Citizendium, or the Citizens' Compendium, which I like to describe briefly as Wikipedia with editors and real names. But how can Citizendium be a solution to the problems he raises, if it has experts working without pay, and the result is free? If it succeeds, won't it contribute to the decline of reference publishing?"
Project goal.
The stated aim of the project is to create a "new compendium of knowledge" based on the contributions of "intellectuals," defined as "educated, thinking people who read about science or ideas regularly." Citizendium aimed to foster an expert culture and a community that encourages participants (to be called "authors") to "respect" the expert contributions (by what he referred to as a "gentle process of guidance").
Experts are required to verify their qualifications openly, for transparency and publicly accepted authority. This contrasts with the open and largely anonymous nature of Wikipedia, where subject specialists have neither any verifiable special knowledge of their subject nor agreed special status. Sanger stated that editors would "not" have pre-approval rights over edits by ordinary authors, though editors would have somewhat undefined authority over articles that fall within their specific area of expertise.
Policies and structure.
Unlike Wikipedia, Citizendium does not allow anonymous editing. Participants must register under their real names with a working email address. Sanger decided that Citizendium administrators would be called "constables," and need a bachelor's degree to qualify. He also instituted a minimum "maturity" requirement—25 years of age—for constables. The "head" constable is the "Chief Constable" (D. Matt Innis), and the head editor is the "Managing Editor".
Originally, Sanger operated as "Editor-in-Chief", the "main individual in charge," part of and answerable to a "Board of Directors". Sanger stated that final decisions about management structure will not be made "until more of the (future) primary stakeholders are on the scene."
Citizendium articles are subject to an "approval" process after they have achieved reasonable quality. An "editor" can determine when an article is ready to be approved.
Initially the project phased under the Tides Center as an incubator project and then was supposed to be carried out under the auspices of the Citizendium Foundation,
but in 2020, the treasurer of the project stated that the foundation was never registered.
Content.
Citizendium original articles are available under the Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License (CC BY-SA). Articles that originated in part from Wikipedia are also available under the GNU Free Documentation License version 1.2. These licensing decisions were announced on 21 December 2007, about a year after the launch of the pilot project.
History.
Pilot project and initial growth.
The project was announced by Sanger on 15 September 2006, at the Wizards of OS 4 conference in Berlin. He gave no deadline for the full launch of the wiki. However, on 2 October 2006, Sanger released a pilot project announcement that envisioned a fully functioning wiki within "one to two months."
In an apparent attempt to quicken the pace of the project, on 2 October 2006, Citizendium web forum moderator Peter Hitchmough suggested what he called an "alpha test" of the concept. Hitchmough proposed the forking of a limited number of Wikipedia articles to a site where Citizendium web forum and mailing list members could "rewrite a complete section" of Wikipedia content.
Larry Sanger reacted enthusiastically to the idea and at first suggested his already existing Textop wiki as the site for the alpha test. Sanger later posted that Textop would not be a good choice, but showed continued interest in the proposal. He envisioned a "restricted-access" wiki where the idea could be tried and requested further discussion.
No access to the pilot version of Citizendium, even read-only, was allowed to the general public. Sanger stated: "Only invited people will be able to view and edit the pilot project wiki." Sanger also said that constables for the pilot project will be chosen by the chief constable.
In a press release on 17 October 2006, Sanger announced: "the fledgling Citizendium Foundation will launch a six-week pilot project open to potential contributors by invitation". Several editors and other project leaders were named. It was also announced that the Citizendium Foundation had "started the process of applying for 501(c)(3) status [non-profit status]" and had "received a firm commitment for a significant seed grant from a foundation, as well as small personal donations." In a follow-up post to the press release, Sanger said that the initial group allowed access to the pilot would consist of "ten editors, three constables, six authors, and me."
The pilot project began operations on 23 October 2006. On 8 November, Larry Sanger reported that 263 user names had access to the pilot wiki, 183 articles on the wiki were "live" (meaning "someone is or intends to be working on them") and there were about 300 total edits to the wiki on 7 November.
In a 17 January 2007 post to the Citizendium forum, Sanger stated that "we have had only 10–20 (very) active people out of 500 accounts created." As a result, Sanger decided to delete all articles besides those marked "CZ live" from the pilot project in an attempt to motivate greater participation. On 22 January 2007, Citizendium experimented with a new self-registration procedure: read/write access was granted automatically after creation of the account. There were a few instances of vandalism after this change, though the vandalism was quickly reverted. On 19 January, Sanger announced the formal organization of Citizendium as a legal non-profit organization.
On 16 February 2007, in response to rising site vandalism, automatic account creation was put on hold while increased protections were being put in place to counter vandalism. The next day, page moves were limited to constables as an additional measure against vandalism. In addition, Sanger continued the process of un-forking the Citizendium from Wikipedia by inviting contributors to delete any Wikipedia content that had changed only superficially since it was imported.
Inauguration.
On 25 March 2007, Citizendium ended its pilot phase and went live, into its beta phase, and the site became publicly readable. The launch coincided with a feature-length Associated Press article that ran widely, with a title in "USA Today" of "Citizendium aims to be better Wikipedia."
The day prior to launch, Sanger released an essay, "Why the Citizendium Will (Probably) Succeed" in which he stated that activity at Citizendium grew from 100 edits a day in the first month to over 500 prior to launch. After the launch, on 27 March 2007, a press release quotes Sanger as saying "You don't have to choose between content and accountability. We have shown that we can create open and credible content. We can, in fact, be open to all sorts of participants, but still hold people to higher standards of content and behavior as a community."
Sometime after the launch, it was noted that Citizendium's family-friendly policy would mean the project would likely tend to avoid articles on slang terms for sexual activity, and particularly explicit articles on sexual practices. The Citizendium has a "professionalism" policy for editors, which Sanger said is different from most online communities.
On 29 June 2007, Sanger announced an initiative via the project-wide mailing list that he dubbed "Citizendium 2.0". Characterizing his comments as a "project planning document," Sanger detailed a series of initiatives designed to launch Citizendium into its next phase of development. The document outlined plans for a judicial board, an advisory board, a personnel manager, a new chairman of the editorial council, wider participation in the project by volunteers, a system of subpages for articles, and an expanded article checklist.
Later growth.
At the project's first anniversary in September 2007, Citizendium included 3,000 articles written and revised by 2,000 people. A number of media reports appeared in late October and early November 2007 about the anniversary of Citizendium. An article in the "Financial Times" quoted Larry Sanger predicting strong growth for the project: "At some point, possibly very soon, the Citizendium will grow explosively – say, quadruple the number of its active contributors, or even grow by an order of magnitude. And it will experience that growth over the course of a month or two, and its growth will continue to accelerate from that higher rate."
Citizendium was honored on 5 December 2007, as an award finalist of the Society for New Communications Research. The Society describes itself as a nonprofit global think-tank "dedicated to the advanced study of new communications tools, technologies and emerging modes of communication, and their effect on traditional media, professional communications, business, culture and society." The Society chose Citizendium for an award because it considered it "a leading organization" in these respects.
Decline.
Library writer Walt Crawford noted in April 2009 that Citizendium appeared to be in an "extended lull", with a constant rate of creation of new articles at around 13–14 per day and a decline in the number of active authors. In August 2009, Richard Waters wrote in the "Financial Times" technology blog: "At best, Citizendium could be called a qualified success. Launched in March 2007, as of August 2009 it had 11,810 articles – 2,999,674 fewer than the English-language version of Wikipedia." Mathieu O'Neil, Principal Researcher at the Australian Department of Broadband, Communication and the Digital Economy, wrote in a March 2010 article on crowdsourcing that "new participants to Wikipedia know that their contributions will have a significant audience; becoming a Wikipedia editor is trivial and instantaneous; since it lacks this immediate quality, Citizendium failed to attract the crowd."
In March 2010, the project had 90 contributors who made at least one edit, with a core of 25 contributors who made more than 100 edits. Median word count dropped from 468 words per article in October 2007 to 151 in May 2010. In June 2010, the number of users making 1, 20, or 100 edits per month all were at their lowest point since the project went public in March 2007. By October 2011, only about a dozen members made edits on a typical day, and an "Ars Technica" headline called the Citizendium project "dead in the water." In 2014, the number of Citizendium contributors was under 100 and the number of edits per day was about "a dozen or so" according to Winthrop University's Dean of Library Services. In September 2015, only seven editors had been active in the previous 30 days.
In November 2016, a referendum was held to abolish the governing Citizendium Charter and the Council in favor of Wikipedia-style discussion and consensus. It attracted nine votes, and was passed. A new managing editor was to be elected at the same time, but there were no nominations.
Recent status.
On 2 July 2020, Larry Sanger wrote that he had transferred legal ownership of the Citizendium domain name to Pat Palmer, saying that Citizendium had "stopped being 'my' project a long time ago. But until this morning, I still owned the domain name." In early 2022, Citizendium upgraded its software to the latest version of MediaWiki. User accounts were not retained and had to be recreated on the new server.
, Citizendium's web traffic was 70,000 visits per month.

</doc>
<doc id="7005691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005691" title="Metro World Child">
Metro World Child

Metro World Child (formerly Metro Ministries) is a global faith based non profit organization with its headquarters in New York City.
History.
The organization was established in 1980 by Bill Wilson. Metro World Child conceived and pioneered the concept of Sidewalk Urban Outreach. Since 1980, the concept is duplicated across the world by the thousands of people they have trained.
Programs.
Each Saturday in NYC there over 1000 children picked up in school buses at their homes. Weekdays, special trucks provide a mobile stage at hundreds of locations. 
The Metro staff and trained volunteers visit the families of the children every week at their homes. Metro has also organized child sponsorship. For the children who live too far to go to the Sunday School services, they have wandering trucks that stop in areas of the city and where from they produce Sidewalk Sunday School.
This program has been proven to be an efficient and effective method of reaching large numbers of children and families on a personal level.
The programs reaching weekly over 21,000 children in New York City and an additional 225,000 in the globally in 13 countries. 

</doc>
<doc id="7005695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005695" title="Dave Formula">
Dave Formula

Dave Formula (born David Tomlinson 11 August 1946, Whalley Range, Manchester in England), is an English keyboardist and film-soundtrack composer from Manchester, who played with the post-punk bands Magazine and Visage during the end of the 1970s and the beginning of the 1980s and in the "world music" band The Angel Brothers.
Biography.
Early years and St. Louis Union.
Formula lived his early youth in Whalley Range, Manchester.
He worked under the name of David Tomlinson and achieved some success back in the mid-sixties with the R&amp;B blues/soul band St. Louis Union, including appearances on "Top of the Pops" Thank Your Lucky Stars and in the film "The Ghost Goes Gear" (also featuring The Spencer Davis Group). At the time he formed the group, he was working as an apprentice television engineer with John Nichols, the band’s bass player. Later he was a cabaret musician and before moving to London, whilst with Magazine, he shared a flat with record producer Martin Hannett.
Magazine.
Formula was a member of Magazine, joining in 1978 after the departure of Bob Dickinson and the release of their debut single "Shot By Both Sides", until the band's breakup in 1981. His multi-layered keyboard sounds, made with equipment including the Yamaha CP70 electric grand piano, Yamaha YC45D Organ, an ARP Odyssey, a Yamaha SS30 string synth, and on later albums a Prophet 5, were a defining part of the band.
Magazine reformed in February 2009 with Formula returning to play keyboards.
Visage.
Formula joined New Romantic ensemble Visage with Magazine's John McGeoch and Barry Adamson in 1978; he played on their first two albums, "Visage" and "The Anvil". He left the group in 1983 after having some differences with drummer Rusty Egan regarding the musical style of their third album.
Ludus.
Formula was a performing and songwriting member of Ludus in 1982 and remained for at least five years.
Inaura.
He also joined a band called Inaura in the mid-1990s and played on their album "One Million Smiles".
The Angel Brothers.
Whilst lecturing in popular music, he met up with Keith Angel, Dave Angel &amp; Andy Seward which eventually led to Formula joining the world music band The Angel Brothers in 2003, playing on their two albums, "Punjab To Pit Top" and "Forbidden Fruit".
Design For Living.
After Formula's stint with Magazine, he formed part of a band called Design For Living.
Solo album.
In January 2007, Formula began working on a solo album recording at his own Red Bird Studios. Entitled "Satellite Sweetheart", it features over 30 guest musicians. The list includes almost all the members of Magazine–Howard Devoto, Barry Adamson, John Doyle, John McGeoch (posthumously), and Robin Simon-as well singer/ songwriter Robert Wyatt, Swing Out Sister's Corrine Drury, Dennis Rollins, and Joel Purnell. The release was delayed due to Magazine's 2009 activity and the album was released in February 2010 on Wire Sound. A video of the collaboration with Devoto; "Via Sacra" is posted on YouTube.

</doc>
<doc id="7005702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005702" title="M-25 (MI)">
M-25 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005706" title="M-26 (MI)">
M-26 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005709" title="M-27 (MI)">
M-27 (MI)



</doc>
<doc id="7005719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005719" title="Ying Quartet">
Ying Quartet

The Ying Quartet is an American string quartet. The Ying siblings, from Winnetka, Illinois, formed the quartet in 1988 while studying at the University of Rochester's Eastman School of Music. The quartet began performing in the small town of Jesup, Iowa, as the first artists involved in the National Endowment for the Arts Chamber Music Rural Residencies Program. The original members of the quartet were Timothy and Janet Ying (violins), Phillip Ying (viola), and David Ying (cello). In April 2009, Timothy Ying announced his departure from the ensemble. In 2009, Frank Huang became the first violinist of the Ying Quartet. When Huang left the quartet in 2010 to assume the position of concertmaster of the Houston Symphony, Ayano Ninomiya was appointed first violinist of the Ying Quartet. Ayano Ninomiya was, in turn, replaced by violinist Robin Scott in 2015.
While the Ying Quartet was in Jesup, it won the 1993 Naumburg Chamber Music Award. In the years since, the Yings have performed in many major American cities; at numerous festivals, including Tanglewood, Aspen, and San Miguel; and in Europe, Canada, Mexico, Australia, Japan, and Taiwan. The Yings have played in diverse settings, including Carnegie Hall, the White House, hospitals, and juvenile prisons. The EMI Classics recording of works by Osvaldo Golijov on which the Ying Quartet appeared with the St. Lawrence Quartet was nominated for a 2003 Grammy Award. The Quartet was nominated once again for a Grammy in 2007 in the "Best Chamber Music Performance" category for a recording of the three Tchaikovsky Quartets and the Sextet on Telarc. The Quartet won a 2005 Grammy for its collaborative recording with the Turtle Island String Quartet, entitled "4+Four", and has recorded for the Telarc, Quartz, Elektra, and Albany record labels.
In 1999 the Quartet introduced a commissioning project supported by the Institute for American Music designed to produce a distinctively American string quartet repertoire. The project has introduced new quartets by Tod Machover, Michael Torke, Kevin Puts, Carter Pann, Roberto Carnevale, Paquito D’Rivera, Chen Yi, Daniel Kellogg, Augusta Read Thomas, Marina Leonardi, Ned Rorem, Jennifer Higdon, and Bernard Rands. With "Musical Dim Sum", the Yings have extended their repertoire while celebrating their own cultural heritage by including a selection of short works by Chinese American composers in the framework of a traditional concert.
The Ying Quartet teaches actively. It is the quartet-in-residence at the Eastman School of Music of the University of Rochester and frequently teaches at the Bowdoin International Music Festival in Brunswick, Maine, and at the Aspen Music Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="7005720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005720" title="Shane Gough, 5th Viscount Gough">
Shane Gough, 5th Viscount Gough

Shane Hugh Maryon Gough, 5th Viscount Gough (26 August 1941 – 14 April 2023), was a British hereditary peer. He was educated at Winchester College and Sandhurst. He was the son of Hugh Gough, 4th Viscount Gough, and Margaretta Elizabeth Maryon-Wilson. His father died in 1951 and he succeeded to the viscountcy at the age of ten. Lord Gough resided at the family seat, Keppoch House, near Dingwall, Scotland, but also had a London residence. His employment was in London. He was unmarried, and there was no heir to the peerage or baronetcy.
Career.
Gough was educated at Abberley Hall School and Winchester College. He served as an officer in the Irish Guards (Household Division, British Army), following in family tradition. Although he followed his father into the Guards, his most famous military forebear is undoubtedly Field Marshal Hugh Gough, 1st Viscount Gough. After leaving military service he worked as a stockbroker. From 1993 to his death he served as a Director of Barwell Consulting, an investment consultancy based in Glasgow, Scotland.
Freemasonry.
Gough was actively involved in English Freemasonry, having been initiated in the Prince of Wales's Lodge No 259 (London) in 1966 and installed as Master of the Lodge of Assistance No 2773 (London) in 1972. He was subsequently Master of Lodge of Assistance for two further terms. He served as Senior Grand Warden of the United Grand Lodge of England in 1984–1985. He was a Grand Steward in both 1974 and 1991, and in 2007 was installed as Master of the Grand Stewards' Lodge. He was also connected with Freemasonry in both Ireland and Scotland.
Order of Saint Lazarus.
Gough was Prior of the Grand Bailiwick of Scotland in the Order of Saint Lazarus. The order aims to relieve the suffering of the sick and disadvantaged, with a particular emphasis on charitable support for those working for the relief and cure of leprosy.
Death.
Gough died on 14 April 2023, at the age of 81. As he had no issue, nor any male cousins eligible to succeed to his titles, they became extinct upon his death.

</doc>
<doc id="7005723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005723" title="Bill Wilson (pastor)">
Bill Wilson (pastor)

Bill Wilson (born 1948) is the founder and senior pastor of Metro World Child.
Biography.
When Bill Wilson was 12 years, his mother abandoned him on a street corner in Pinellas Park, Florida. He later converted to Christianity and worked at a church as a teenager. After his high school graduation, Wilson was encouraged to attend a seminary. He studied at Southeastern University and obtained a degree in theology.
In 1979, Bill Wilson moved to Bushwick in Brooklyn, New York. In 1980, armed with a bull horn, a station wagon and Yogi Bear costumes, Bill created Metro World Child (formerly Metro Ministries). In 1988, he created the idea of a Sidewalk Sunday School, in which he converted trucks to serve as portable stages from whence his team of ministers could share their message.

</doc>
<doc id="7005726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005726" title="Bjarne Rijs">
Bjarne Rijs



</doc>
<doc id="7005729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005729" title="Islamic history of Yemen">
Islamic history of Yemen

Islam came to Yemen around 630 during Muhammad's lifetime and the rule of the Persian governor Badhan. Thereafter, Yemen was ruled as part of Arab-Islamic caliphates, and became a province in the Islamic empire.
Regimes affiliated to the Egyptian Fatimid caliphs occupied much of northern and southern Yemen throughout the 11th century, including the Sulayhids and Zurayids, but the country was rarely unified for any long period of time. Local control in the Middle Ages was exerted by a succession of families which included the Ziyadids (818–1018), the Najahids (1022–1158), the Egyptian Ayyubids (1174–1229) and the Turkoman Rasulids (1229–1454). The most long-lived, and for the future most important polity, was founded in 897 by Yayha bin Husayn bin Qasim ar-Rassi. They were the Zaydis of Sa'dah in the highlands of North Yemen, headed by imams of various Sayyid lineages. As ruling Imams of Yemen, they established a Shia theocratic political structure that survived with some intervals until 1962.
After the introduction of coffee in the 16th century the town of al-Mukha (Mocha), on the Red Sea coast, became the most important coffee port in the world. For a period after 1517, and again in the 19th century, Yemen was a nominal part of the Ottoman Empire, although on both occasions the Zaydi Imams contested the power of the Turks and eventually expelled them.
Final years of pre-Islamic Yemen and arrival of Islam.
In the final pre-Islamic period, the Yemeni lands included the large tribal confederations Himyar, Hamdan, Madh'hij, Kindah, Hashid, Bakil, and Azd.
During the 6th century, Yemen was involved in the power struggles between the Christian Byzantine Empire and the Zoroastrian Sasanian Empire. Following persecutions of Christians by the Jewish Himyarites, in 525 the Christian Aksumite Empire, a Byzantine ally in what is now Ethiopia and Eritrea, occupied Yemen. In turn, local tribal leaders turned to the Sasanians for aid. The latter took over the region in 575 and converted it into a province of the Sasanian Empire. The descendants of these Persian soldiers, known in Arabic as , dominated the capital, Sana'a, but the rest of the country in practice remained divided among a multitude of autonomous local rulers and tribal chiefs. After the dissolution of Persian rule in South Arabia, the turned to the emerging Islamic state under Muhammad in order to find support against local Arab rebels.
The last Persian governor, Badhan, converted to Islam on 6 AH (628 CE), thus nominally submitting the entirety of Yemen to the new faith. The actual extent of conversion in the country is not known, and the scarcity and lack of detail in the primary sources is exacerbated by the retroactive attempts, in later accounts, by each tribal group to provide an early conversion date for itself for reasons of prestige. In practice, the land remained much like it had been in pre-Islamic times, and the new religion became another factor in the internal conflicts that had traditionally afflicted Yemeni society. Towards the end of Muhammad's life, in 632, a certain al-Aswad al-Ansi proclaimed himself prophet and found widespread support among the Yemenis, although the exact motivation of his uprising is unclear. He captured Sana'a, but was killed by the and defecting members of his own faction in the same year.
Yemen as a province of the early caliphates.
Rashidun era (632–661).
After Muhammad's death, the so-called Wars of Apostasy broke out across the Arabian Peninsula. Muhammad's successor, the first Rashidun caliph, Abu Bakr (), sent troops from Medina into Yemen, and levied local forces to augment them. This allowed Muslim rule to survive the conflict. Many of the apostate leaders were pardoned and went on to play important roles in the early Muslim conquests.
Under the Rashidun caliphs, the first governors were sent to administer Yemen for the nascent Islamic empire. The known lists of governors are often unclear and contradictory, but represent almost the only information about the early history of Islamic Yemen. Governors are mentioned for the entirety of Yemeni territory, but also individually for Sana'a, al-Janad (based at Taiz), and Hadramawt. The governors of Sana'a appear to have at times exercised some control over the others, but even so their authority was often limited to the cities they were based in, and most of the country remained outside effective control. The early governors were usually chosen from senior Companions of Muhammad. The last of them, Ya'la ibn Umayya, served for twenty years and was only dismissed by the fourth Rashidun caliph, Ali ().
The Rashidun caliphs themselves also paid some attention to the affairs of Yemen, especially the spread of Islam. Judges and Qur'an instructors were appointed, and the Christian tribes of Najran evicted under Caliph Umar (), despite prior treaties with Muhammad and Abu Bakr guaranteeing their status. The Jewish population was allowed to remain, in exchange for the payment of the (poll tax).
The main events of the First Muslim Civil War (656–661) took place far from Yemen, but the country was nevertheless deeply affected. Yemenis were divided between the rival camps of Ali and Mu'awiya I (), and both sides sent their own troops into the country. Ali's partisans initially prevailed, but one of Mu'awiya's generals captured Najran and Sana'a for his master in 660.
Umayyad era (661–750).
The Umayyad Caliphate, founded by Mu'awiya, shifted their base from the Arabian Peninsula to Syria, but continued to pay great attention to Yemen. Governors were appointed directly by the caliph. During some periods, Yemen was administratively grouped together with Hijaz and Yamama. Still, the caliphal governors' actual control barely extended to the wider country, where the pre-Islamic elites still retained their position.
During most of the Second Muslim Civil War (683–692), Yemen was nominally under the control of the Mecca-based anti-caliph, Abdallah ibn al-Zubayr. However, his control over the country was tenuous, judging from the frequent alternation of governors during his rule. Ibn al-Zubayr's tenuous authority was not enough to protect Sana'a against the threat of the Kharijites of Oman and Bahrayn: in 686, the city had to bribe the Kharijites not to attack, and in the next year, its inhabitants were forced to swear allegiance to the Kharijite leader, Najda ibn Amir. Following the victory of the Marwanid branch of the Umayyads in the civil war, Sana'a surrendered to an Umayyad army without resistance.
The Marwanid caliphs made considerable investments in the country's infrastructure, leading to an upsurge in prosperity. As elsewhere in the Muslim world, Caliph Umar ibn Abd al-Aziz () gained a reputation for justice that carried over even into the local Shi'a traditions.
In spite of the tenuous caliphal authority, the Yemenis seldom rebelled against the Umayyads. A certain Abbad al-Ru'yani revolted in 725/6, but his motivation is unclear: according to some sources, he was a Himyarite self-proclaimed messiah, while others consider him a Kharijite. The most serious revolt occurred at the end of the period, in 746–748, as Umayyad power was weakened during the Third Muslim Civil War. It was headed by a Kindi tribesman, Abdallah ibn Yahya, who assumed the honorific title of Talib al-Haqq (), and proclaimed himself caliph in the Hadramawt. With support from the Ibadi Kharijites of neighbouring Oman, he advanced onto Sana'a. His army occupied Mecca and Medina, and even Basra for a while swore allegiance to him, before his uprising, as well as other tribal revolts of the Himyarites, were suppressed by the Umayyad general Abd al-Malik ibn Atiyya. However, the Ibadis of Hadramawt on that occasion obtained from Ibn al-Atiyya the right to choose their own governors, a privilege they kept for about a generation.
Abbasid era (750–847).
The Third Muslim Civil War fatally weakened the Umayyad regime, culminating in the Abbasid Revolution, and the overthrow of the Umayyad Caliphate by the Abbasid Caliphate in 749–750.
The Abbasids continued the policy of the Umayyads with respect to Yemen. Frequently, members of the highest Abbasid aristocracy, including princes of the dynasty, served as governors. At other times, the province was attached to the Hijaz, whose governor sent a deputy to rule Yemen in his stead. In 759, the Abbasid governor, a native Yemeni named Abdallah ibn Abd al-Madan, tried to secede from the Caliphate. His revolt was suppressed by the Abbasid general Ma'n ibn Za'ida al-Shaybani, who went on to serve as governor of Yemen until 768. During his tenure, he brutally suppressed uprisings—mainly Ibadi-inspired—across the country, restoring a measure of peace and order.
Under Caliph Harun al-Rashid (, Muhammad ibn Khalid ibn Barmak, one of the famous Barmakids, was governor of Yemen. His time is recorded as one of prosperity for the capital Sana'a, but also of widespread poverty. In 800, the Himyarite chieftain al-Haysam ibn Abd al-Samad rose in revolt, but was defeated by Harun's governor Hammad al-Barbari. Hammad was successful in restoring peace to the region and securing the trade routes, but his harshness towards the local population led to his recall in 810.
During the civil war in 811–813 between Harun's sons, al-Amin and al-Ma'mun, Yemen initially belonged to al-Amin's camp, but one of al-Ma'mun's agents, Yazid ibn Jarir, managed to win the country over for his master. In 815, the Alid Ibrahim ibn Musa al-Kazim, son of the Twelver imam Musa al-Kazim, occupied Sana'a and the northern highlands and struck coins in his own name. He may even have briefly captured Mecca, but was defeated by Abbasid forces near Sana'a in the same year. Nevertheless, after the caliph had reached an understanding with the Alids and appointed Ibrahim's brother, Ali al-Ridha, as his heir-apparent, the same Ibrahim was appointed governor of Mecca and Yemen in 820. This resulted in a revolt by the incumbent governor, Hamdawayh, who had to be subdued by yet another expedition. Ibrahim remained as governor of Yemen until 828.
Direct Abbasid authority in Yemen survived until 847, when the autonomous Yu'firid dynasty defeated the Abbasid governor, Himyar ibn al-Harith, and captured Sana'a. Already during al-Ma'mun's time, however, local tribal or sectarian leaders began to rise and unite hitherto fragmented parts of the country under their authority, a process that would continue during the entire 9th century.
Yemeni textiles, long recognized for their fine quality, maintained their reputation and were exported for use by the Abbasid elite, including the caliphs themselves. The products of Sana'a and Aden have been particularly important in the east–west textile trade.
Collapse of Abbasid authority and rise of native dynasties.
The first local dynasty to emerge in Yemen during the 9th century were the Ziyadids. The dynasty was established by Muhammad ibn Abdallah ibn Ziyad, a descendant of a cadet branch of the Umayyad dynasty, who was appointed by al-Ma'mun in 817 to suppress revolts in the western coastal plain of the Tihama. In 819, Ibn Ziyad founded Zabid as his capital. At the height of the dynasty, its power extended along the coasts to Aden in the south and Mirbat in the west, and Zabid was so prosperous as to be known as 'Baghdad of the Yemen'. Unlike the rest of the country, where Shi'a sympathies were strong, the Tihama was solidly pro-Sunni, and the Ziyadid dynasty remained aligned with the Sunni Abbasids against the Shi'a regimes that arose during the late 9th century.
Unlike the Ziyadids, who at least in the beginning ruled with the sanction of the Abbasids, in other parts of Yemen, local dynasties arose in opposition to Abbasid rule. In the south, the Himyarite Manakhi dynasty took control of the southern highlands in 829. At the same time, in the central highlands the Himyarite Yu'firid dynasty took power, based at Shibam, northwest of Sana'a. After twenty years of warfare its founder, Yu'fir ibn Abd al-Rahman al-Hiwali, captured Sana'a in 847. In the following years, their power extended into the northern highlands, to the south up to Janad, and east into Hadramawt. As Sunnis, their rule was recognized by the Abbasids in 870, although in practice the Yu'firids were often tributary to their Ziyadid neighbours. Ziyadid power collapsed rapidly after 882, when the murder of Yu'fir's two sons in the mosque of Shibam provoked widespread rebellions against their rule. The Abbasids sent Ali ibn al-Husayn as governor, and his tenure in 892–895 managed to stabilise the situation around Sana'a.
Rise of sectarian regimes.
By the 890s, Yemen was politically divided between the three major local dynasties, the Ziyadids, and Yu'firids, and Manakhis, as well as a host of constantly quarreling minor tribal leaders, especially in the north. The lack of political unity, the remoteness of the province from the Abbasid imperial centre, and its inaccessible terrain, along with deep-rooted Shi'a sympathies in the local population, made Yemen, in the words of historian A. B. D. R. Eagle, "manifestly fertile territory for any charismatic leader equipped with tenacity and political acumen to realise his ambitions". This occurred at the end of the 9th century with the arrival of agents of two rival Shi'a sects, the Zaydis and the Isma'ilis. The prolonged crisis of the Abbasid Caliphate from the mid-9th century on, widespread millennialist expectations, and dissatisfaction among many adherents of the more mainstream Imamite Shi'a over the quietism of their leadership and the apparent end of the line of imams, enhanced the appeal of the more radical Shi'a sects across the Muslim world.
Early Isma'ili activities and rule over Yemen (881–917).
Isma'ili activity in Yemen is first recorded around the mid-9th century, in the southern highlands around Mudhaykhirah, the Manakhi capital. It was led by a certain al-Hadan ibn Faraj al-Sanadiqi, but the few details that are known derive from later sources. According to the historian Ella Landau-Tasseron, they record simply that he "pretended to be a prophet, committed many atrocities, and was the cause of a massive emigration".
Far better known are the careers of the two Isma'ili missionaries (s), the Kufan Ibn Hawshab, and the native Yemeni Ali ibn al-Fadl al-Jayshani, later in the century. Their missionary activity () in Yemen began in 881, among the mountain tribes. Ibn Hawshab targeted the central highlands near Sana'a, while al-Jayshani made Janad his base.
The Isma'ili movement quickly expanded over much of the country; Sana'a was captured in 905. Yemen also served as a major centre for the broader Isma'ili , with Ibn Hawshab sending missionaries to Oman, the Yamama and even Sindh. Most notable among these missionaries was Abu Abdallah al-Shi'i, a native of Sana'a. On Ibn Hawshab's instructions, in 893 he left for the Maghreb, where he began proselytizing among the Kutama Berbers. His mission was extremely successful. Backed by the Kutama, in 903 he was able to rise in revolt against the Aghlabid emirs of Ifriqiya, culminating in their overthrow and the establishment of the Isma'ili Fatimid Caliphate in 909.
Meanwhile, in Yemen, the Isma'ilis engaged in a series of back-and-forth contests with the Yu'firids and the newly established Zaydi imamate over control of Sana'a, but Ibn al-Fadl emerged victorious in 911. At that point, just as Isma'ilism was triumphant in Yemen and the Fatimid Caliphate had just been established under the supposed , Abdallah al-Mahdi, Ibn al-Fadl broke with the Isma'ili cause and his colleague, Ibn Hawshab, and claimed to be the himself. Following the death of both Isma'ili leaders in 914–915, their regimes collapsed amidst internal squabbles and Yu'firid attacks. The Yu'firid ruler As'ad ibn Abi Ya'fur, a former vassal of Ibn al-Fadl, captured Mudhaykhirah in 917, and the Isma'ili movement in Yemen returned to being a secretive, underground affair for over a century, until the rise of the Sulayhid dynasty.
First Zaydi imamate in Sa'ada (897–1058).
While the two Isma'ili s extended their influence, another Shi'a leader arrived in Yemen: Yahya, a representative of the Zaydi sect. In Zaydi doctrine, as in Isma'ilism, the imam has to be a descendant of Fatimah and Ali, but the position is not hereditary or by appointment (), unlike in the Twelver and Isma'ili traditions of Shi'a Islam. Instead, it can be claimed by any qualified Fatimid who fulfills a number (usually 14) of stringent conditions (religious learning, piety, bravery, etc.), by 'rising' () and 'calling' () for the allegiance of the faithful. Zaydi doctrine emphasized that the imamate was not contingent on popular acclaim or election; the very act of denoted God's choice. On the other hand, if a more excellent candidate appeared, the incumbent imam was obliged to acknowledge him.
Previous Zaydi uprisings against the Abbasids in Iraq and the Hijaz—the heartlands of the Islamic world—had failed, but had been successful in the Caliphate's peripheral areas: Idris ibn Abdallah, a great-greta-grandson of Ali, had founded a Zaydi state in what is now Morocco, while a distant relative of Yahya's, Hasan ibn Zayd, had founded a Zaydi state in Tabaristan, a mountainous region on the southern shores of the Caspian Sea. Yahya himself spent some time in Tabaristan, before being invited to Yemen in 893/4 to settle tribal disputes in the north of the country. This first sojourn failed, and he had left, but in 897 he returned and quickly established a state based in Sa'ada, in the northern highlands, with himself as imam with the title (). Given the continued presence and importance of the Zaydi imamate in the subsequent Yemeni history, up to the dissolution of the Zaydi kingdom in 1962, this marks one of the most important turning points in Yemeni history.
Until Yahya's death in 911, the nascent Zaydi imamate fought with the Yu'firids and the Isma'ilis over control over Sana'a. His death left the new Zaydi regime adrift. As Landau-Tasseron notes, the Zaydi imamate was not a state as such, as "there was no formal administrative apparatus and no fixed pattern of succession". Anyone of Alid descent could lay claim to the imamate, as long as he engaged in military activity to promote the Zaydi cause. This meant that the line of imams was often interrupted by interregna when there was no imam, or conversely that multiple candidates for the imamate appeared at the same time. At the same time, the obligation to promote Zaydism by force meant that the imams were in constant conflict with non-Zaydis, as well as with their own followers when they refused to obey imam's authority; not even taking into account that the Zaydi imams in Yemen, being reliant on tribal backing, were themselves drawn into pre-existing tribal conflicts.
Nevertheless, the first Zaydi imamate founded by Yahya and his successors of the Rassid dynasty survived in its core territories of Sa'ada and Najran until 1058, when, weakened by internal conflicts and sectarian disputes, the Sulayhid dynasty destroyed it.
Dynasties of the 11th–12th centuries.
The death of the Isma'ili and Zaydi leaders in short succession allowed for a brief resurgence of Yu'firid power in and around Sana'a, but this did not outlast As'ad ibn Abi Ya'fur's death in 955. Weakened by internal quarrels, the Yu'firid dynasty ended in 997 with the death of the last ruler, Abdallah ibn Qahtan Abdallah, at Ibb. At the same time, the Ziyadid dynasty also declined, although little information survives as to why: the last rulers of the dynasty are obscure, and after 981 and until the dynasty's ostensible end in 1018, not even their names are known.
Dynasties of the Tihama lowlands.
Najahids (1022–1156).
The Ziyadids were replaced in the Tihama lowlands by the Najahid dynasty, established in 1022 by two Black African slave brothers, Najah and Nafis. Najah quickly sidelined his brother, and secured recognition from the Abbasid caliph. However, their territory was smaller than that of the Ziyadids, being limited to the Tihama, and their history was rather chequered. In 1060, the highland Sulayhid dynasty conquered their lands for twenty years, and it was only after a prolonged struggle that in 1089 that a new Najahid ruler, Jayyash, established his power firmly over Zabid and its territory. Jayyash founded the city of Hais, which he settled with his kinsfolk from Abyssinia.
Sulaymanids (c. 1069–1173).
In the late 12th century, another regional dynasty arose in the northern Tihama, the Sulaymanids. These were an otherwise obscure family of Hasanid Alid descent, who took power in Harad around 1069 (the date is hypothetical), and likely served as vassals of the Najahids.
Mahdids (1156–1173).
After the death of Jayyash, power was held by a series of slave () viziers who served in the Najahid ruler's name until 1156, when the Mahdid dynasty replaced them. The Mahdid dynasty was founded by the religious preacher Ali ibn Mahdi, who claimed descent from the Himyarite kings. Although he enjoyed the favour of the Najahid queen Alam al-Malika, after her death in 1150 he began a series of attacks on Zabid. These failed, but his intrigues with the Najahid viziers bore fruit: by 1159, Zabid was in his hands, but he died shortly thereafter. His son and successor, Abd al-Nabi, is portrayed in most historical sources as a dissolute, ambitious, and evil ruler, who aimed to conquer the world. Indeed, he launched frequent and brutal raids against all his neighbours, killing the Sulaymanid ruler in 1164, capturing Taiz and Ibb in 1165, and beginning a seven-year-long siege of Aden that was only broken in 1173, when the Zurayids and Hamdanids allied against him. Shortly after, the Ayyubid prince Turan-Shah entered Yemen, invited by the Sulaymanids, and began its conquest by capturing Zabid and ending the Mahdid state.
Isma'ili dynasties of the highlands.
Sulayhids (1047–1137).
Unlike many of the other dynasties to rule over Yemen in the 10th–11th centuries, the Sulayhids were native Yemenis. The founder of the regime was Ali ibn Muhammad al-Sulayhi, born in the Haraz district west of Sana'a. He became an Isma'ili , operating at first secretly, and eventually publicly, establishing his base on Mount Masar. From there he pushed back the Zaydis, and defeated the rulers of Sana'a and Hadur, took over the Tihama after poisoning its Najahid ruler, and finally subjugated Aden and the Hadramawt. By 1063, al-Sulayhi had reunified most of Yemen under his rule, and made Sana'a his capital. As an Isma'ili, al-Sulayhi formally ruled in the name of the Fatimid caliphs in Cairo, and also intervened on their behalf in the Hijaz, including Mecca.
He was murdered by the Najahids in 1067, but his mission was continued by his son al-Mukarram. Like his father, al-Mukarram had to engage in constant fights with the Najahids and Zaydis, as well as tribal revolts. He was successful in this, until illness forced him to hand over the affairs of government to his wife, Arwa al-Sulayhi, before his death in 1094. Under Arwa, the dynasty moved its seat to Dhu Jibla. In the schism of the Isma'ili movement between Musta'lis and Nizaris, which occurred in 1094 over the succession to the caliph al-Mustansir, she sided with the former and was designated chief , although she was forced to use male agents sent from Cairo in the field. Her reign also marked the start of Sulayhid decline, with defeats against the Zaydis and Najahids already in 1087, and Sana'a lost to the Hamdanids. In 1130, another succession crisis in Cairo caused yet another rift, between Hafizis and Tayyibis; breaking with the Fatimid regime, Arwa sided with the latter. This deprived her of Cairo's support and weakened Sulayhid authority.
Zurayids (1083–1173).
Arwa's death in 1137, the Sulayhid state collapsed, being replaced by the Zurayids, a regional dynasty that had ruled Aden since 1083 under Sulayhid overlordship. Al-Abbas and al-Mas'ūd, sons of Karam Al-Yami from the Hamdan tribe, started ruling Aden on behalf of the Sulayhids. When Al-Abbas died in 1083, his son Zuray, who gave the dynasty its name, proceeded to rule together with his uncle al-Mas'ūd. They took part in the Sulayhid leader al-Mufaddal's campaign against the Najahid capital Zabid and were both killed during the siege (1110). Their respective sons ceased to pay tribute to the Sulayhid queen Arwa al-Sulayhi. They were worsted by a Sulayhid expedition but queen Arwa agreed to reduce the tribute by half, to 50,000 dinars per year. The Zurayids again failed to pay and were once again forced to yield to the might of the Sulayhids, but this time the annual tribute from the incomes of Aden was reduced to 25,000. Later on they ceased to pay even that since Sulayhid power was on the wane. After 1110 the Zurayids thus led a more than 60 years long independent rule in the city, bolstered by the international trade. The chronicles mention luxury goods such as textiles, perfume and porcelain, coming from places like North Africa, Egypt, Iraq, Oman, Kirman and China. After the demise of queen Arwa al-Sulayhi in 1138, the Fatimids in Cairo kept a representation in Aden, adding further prestige to the Zurayids. The Zurayids were sacked by the Ayyubids in 1174 AD. They were a Shia Ismaili dynasty that followed the Fatimid Caliphs based in Egypt. They were also Hafizi Ismaili as opposed to the Taiyabi Ismaili.
Hamdanids (1099–1173).
The Yemeni Hamdanids were a series of three families descended from the Arab Banū Hamdān tribe, who ruled in northern Yemen between 1099 and 1174. They must not be confused with the Hamdanids who ruled in al-Jazira and northern Syria in 906–1004. They were expelled from power when the Ayyubids conquered Yemen in 1174. They were a Shia Ismaili dynasty that followed the Fatimid Caliphs based in Egypt. They were also Hafizi Ismaili as opposed to the Taiyabi Ismaili.
Ayyubid era (1174–1229).
The importance of Yemen as a station in the trade between Egypt and the Indian Ocean area, and its strategical value, motivated the Ayyubid invasion in 1174. The Ayyubid forces were led by Turanshah, a brother of Sultan Saladin. The enterprise was entirely successful: the various local Yemeni dynasties, mainly the Zurayids were defeated or submitted, thus bringing an end to the fragmented political landscape. The efficient military might of the Ayyubids meant that they were not seriously threatened by local regimes during 55 years in power. The only disturbing element was the Zaydi imam who was active for part of the period. After 1217 the imamate was split, however. Members of the Ayyubid Dynasty were appointed to rule Yemen up to 1229, but they were often absent from the country, a factor that finally led to them being superseded by the following regime, the Rasulids. On the positive side, the Ayyubids united the bulk of Yemen in a way that had hardly been achieved before. The system of fiefs used in the Ayyubid core area was introduced to Yemen. The policies of the Ayyubids led to a bipartition that has lasted ever since: the coast and southern highlands dominated by Sunni and adhering to the Shafi'i school of law; and the upper highlands with a population mainly adhering to the Zaydiyyah. Ayyubid rule was therefore an important stepping-stone for the next dynastic regime.
Rasulid era (1229–1454).
The Rasulid dynasty, or Bani Rasul, were soldiers of Turkoman origins who served the Ayyubids. When the last Ayyubid ruler left Yemen in 1229 he appointed a member of Bani Rasul, Nur ad-Din Umar, as his deputy. He was later able to secure an independent position in Yemen and was recognized as sultan in his own right by the Abbasid Caliph in 1235. He and his descendants drew their methods of governance from the structures set up by the Ayyubids. Their capitals were Zabid and Ta'izz. For the first time, most of Yemen became a strong and independent political, economic, and cultural unit. The state was even able to contend with the Ayyubids and later the Mamluks over influence in Hijaz. The south Arabian coast was subdued in 1278–79. The Rasulids in fact created the strongest Yemeni state during the medieval Islamic era. Among the numerous medieval polities it was the one that endured for the longest period, and enjoyed the widest influence. Its impact in terms of administration and culture was stronger than the preceding regimes, and the interests of the Rasulid rulers covered all the affairs prevalent in those times.
Some of the sultans had strong scientific interests and were skilled in astrology, medicine, agriculture, linguistics, legislation, etc. They built mosques, houses and citadels, roads and water channels. Rasulid projects extended as far as Mecca. The Sunnization of the land was intensified and madrasas were built everywhere. The flourishing trade gave the sultans great incomes which bolstered their regime. In the highlands the Zaydiyyah were initially pushed back by the Rasulid might. Nevertheless, after the late 13th century a succession of imams were able to build up a strong position and expand their influence. As for the Rasulid regime it was upheld by a long series of very gifted sultans. However, the polity began to decline in the 14th century, and especially after 1424. From 1442 to 1454 a number of rival claimants competed for the throne, which led to the downfall of the dynasty in the latter year.
Tahirids (1454–1517).
The Bani Tahir was a powerful native Yemeni family which took advantage of the weakness of the Rasulids and finally gained power in 1454 as the Tahirids. In many respects the new regime tried to imitate the Bani Rasul whose institutions they took over. Thus they built schools, mosques and irrigation channels as well as water cisterns and bridges in Zabid, Aden, Yafrus, Rada, Juban, etc. Politically the Tahirids did not have ambitions to expand beyond Yemen itself. The sultans fought the Zaydi imams for periods, with varying success. They were never able to occupy the highlands entirely. The Mamluk regime in Egypt began to dispatch seaborne expeditions towards the south after 1507, since the presence of the Portuguese constituted a threat in the southern Red Sea region. At first the Tahirid sultan Amir II supported the Mamluks, but later refused to assist them. As a consequence he was attacked and killed by a Mamluk force in 1517. Tahirid resistance leaders continued to disturb the Mamluk occupiers until 1538. As it turned out, the Tahirids were the last Sunni dynasty to rule in Yemen.
First Ottoman period (1538–1635).
Now, the coast and southern highlands were suddenly left without a central government for the first time in almost 350 years. Shortly after the Mamluk conquest in 1517, Egypt itself was conquered by the Ottoman sultan Selim I. The Egyptian garrison in Yemen was cornered in a minor part of the Tihama, and the Zaydi imam expanded his territory. The Mamluk militaries formally recognized the Ottomans until 1538, when regular Turkish forces arrived. At this time the Ottomans began to worry about the Portuguese who occupied Socotra Island. The Ottomans eliminated the last Tahirid lord in Aden and the Mamluk military leadership, and set up an administration based in Zabid. Yemen was made a province (Beylerbeylik). The Portuguese blockade of the Red Sea was broken. A number of campaigns against the Zaydis were fought in 1539–56, and Sana'a was taken in 1547. Turkish misrule led to a large rebellion in 1568. The Zaydi imam put up a stubborn fight against the invaders who were almost expelled from Yemeni soil. Resistance was overcome in a new campaign in 1569–1571. After the death of imam al-Mutahhar in 1572, the highlands were occupied by the Turkish troops. The first Turkish occupation lasted until 1635. The new lords promoted Sufis and Ismailis as a counterweight to the Zaydiyyah. However, Yemen was too far removed to be managed efficaciously. Over-taxation and unjust and cruel practices caused deep popular antipathy against foreign rule. The Zaydis accused the Ottomans of being "infidels of interpretation" and appointed a new imam in 1597, al-Mansur al-Qasim. In accordance with the doctrine that an imam must make a summons to allegiance (da'wa) and rebel against illegitimate rulers, Imam al-Mansur and his successor expanded their territory at the expense of the Turks who eventually had to leave their last possessions in 1635.
Qasimids (1597–1872).
The imam al-Mansur al-Qasim (r. 1597–1620) belonged to one of the branches of the Rassid (descendants of the first imam or his close family). The new line became known as the Qasimids after its founder. Al-Mansur's son al-Mu'ayyad Muhammad (r. 1620–1644) managed to gather Yemen under his authority, expel the Turks, and established an independent political entity. His successor al-Mutawakkil Isma'il (r. 1644–1676) subdued Hadramawt and entertained diplomatic contacts with the negus of Ethiopia and the Mughal emperor Aurangzib. He also reinstated the common annual pilgrimage caravans to Mecca, trying to inspire a sense of unity between Sunni and Shi'a Muslims. For a time, the imams ruled a comprehensive territory, from Asir in the north to Aden in the south, and to Dhofar in the far east. The centre of the imamic state was San'a, although the imams also used other places of residence such as ash-Shahara and al-Mawahib. Its economic base was strengthened by the coffee trade of the coastal entrepot Mocha. Coffee had been introduced from Ethiopia in about 1543, and Yemen held a monopoly on this product for a long time. Merchants from Gujarat frequented Yemen after the withdrawal of the Turks, and European traders established factories after 1618. The first five imams ruled from strict Zaydi precepts, but unlike in the previous practice the Qasimids in fact succeeded each other as in a hereditary dynasty. Their state became institutionalized by the time, since Ottoman-style administration was applied, a standing army was kept, and a chief judge appointed. Most of the provinces were governed by members of the Qasimid family. Provincial rulers performed bay'ah (ritual homage) at their accession, but their fiefs became increasingly autonomous by the time.
The power of the imamate declined in the 18th and 19th century for a number of reasons. Politically it was never entirely stable since clashes between Qasimid branches occurred with some frequency and succession to the imamate was often contested. Adding to this, theological differences surfaced in the 18th century, since the Qasimids practiced ijtihad (legal reinterpretations) and were accused of illicit innovations (bidah). Tribal risings were common and the territory controlled by the imams shrank successively after the late 17th century. The Yafa tribe of South Yemen fell away in 1681 and Aden broke loose in 1731. The lucrative coffee trade declined in the 18th century with new producers in other parts of the world. This deprived the imams of their main external income. The Qasimid state has been characterized as a "quasi-state" with an inherent tension between tribes and government, and between tribal culture and learned Islamic morality. The imams themselves adopted the style of Middle East monarchies, becoming increasingly distant figures. As a result, they eventually lost their charismatic and spiritual position among the tribes of Yemen. The weakening of the imamic state became increasingly acute in the wake of the Wahhabi invasions, after 1800. Tihama was lost for long periods, being contested by lowland Arab chiefs and Egyptian forces. The imamate was further eclipsed by the second coming of the Turks to lowland Yemen in 1849, and to the highlands in 1872.
Second Ottoman period (1872–1918).
Ottoman interest in Yemen was renewed in the mid-19th century. One aim was to increase Ottoman influence in the Red Sea trade, especially since the British occupied Aden since 1839. The opening of the Suez Canal in 1869 increased this incentive. The Tihama was occupied in 1849, but an expedition to San'a miscarried. Meanwhile, the period after 1849 saw a confused series of clashes between various claimants to the imamate in San'a and Sa'dah. The chaos played the Turks in the hands, and in 1872 a new expedition secured San'a with the cooperation of some Zaydi claimants. Nevertheless, claimant-imams continued to resist the Turkish efforts to govern Yemen, and only part of the country was effectively controlled. The modernization attempts of the late Ottoman Empire engendered dissatisfaction among strongly traditional circles, who branded such policies as un-Islamic. An agreement with the rebellious imam Imam Yahya Hamidaddin was finally reached in 1911, whereby the latter was recognized as head of the Zaydis while the Turks collected taxes from their Sunni subjects. Meanwhile, Turkish and British interest clashed in Yemen. It was agreed in 1902 to demarcate the border between the respective spheres of interest, and an agreement was signed in 1914. This was the backdrop to the later division in two Yemeni states (up to 1990). By this time the Ottoman Empire had few years left to go. The dissolution of the empire after World War I led to a complete withdrawal in 1918. 
Mutawakkilite Kingdom (1918–1962).
 See also Federation of Arab Emirates of the South and Federation of South Arabia.
After 1891 the Hamid ad-Din branch of the Qasimids lay claim to the imamate. In the early 20th century Imam Yahya scored significant successes against the Turkish forces, leading to the truce of 1911. During World War I Imam Yahya nominally adhered to the Ottomans, but was able to establish a fully independent state in 1918. It is known as the Mutawakkilite Kingdom after the laqab name of Imam Yahya, al-Mutawakkil. Yahya pacified the tribes of the Tihama with heavy-handed methods. He also tried unsuccessfully to incorporate Asir and Najran in his realm (1934). These regions were, however acquired by Saudi Arabia. South Yemen stayed under British control until 1967 when it became an independent state. Yahya enjoyed legitimacy among the Zaydi tribes of the inland, while the Sunni population of the coast and southern highlands were less inclined to accept his rule. In order to maintain power he acted as a hereditary king and appointed his own sons to govern the various provinces. Dissatisfied subjects, forming the Free Yemeni Movement, murdered Imam Yahya in 1948 with the aim to create a constitutional monarchy. However, his son Ahmad bin Yahya was able to take over power with the help of loyal tribal allies. He henceforth kept his court in Ta'izz rather than San'a.
The conservative rule of the imam was challenged by the rise of Arab nationalism. Yemen adhered to the United Arab Republic proclaimed by Egyptian president Nasser in 1958, joining with Egypt and Syria in a loose coalition called the United Arab States. However, the imam withdrew when Syria left the union in 1961. Pro-Egyptian militaries began to plot against the ruler. When Ahmad bin Yahya died in 1962, his son Muhammad al-Badr was quickly deposed as the plotters took over San'a. The Yemen Arab Republic was proclaimed. Muhammad al-Badr managed to escape to the loyalists in the highlands, and a civil war followed. Saudi Arabia supported the imam while Egypt dispatched troops to prop up the republicans. After Egypt's defeat against Israel in 1967, and the formation of a socialist people's republic in South Yemen in the same year, both intervening powers tried to find a solution in order to have their hands free. An agreement was finally reached in 1970 where the royalists agreed to accept the Yemen Arab Republic in return for influence in the government.
For developments after 1970, see the article "Modern history of Yemen".

</doc>
<doc id="7005732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005732" title="Cultural Heritage News Agency">
Cultural Heritage News Agency



</doc>
<doc id="7005733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005733" title="Pulmonary effusion">
Pulmonary effusion



</doc>
<doc id="7005738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005738" title="Shaun Phillips">
Shaun Phillips

Shaun Jamal Phillips (born May 13, 1981) is an American former professional football player who was an outside linebacker in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Purdue Boilermakers and was selected by the San Diego Chargers in the fourth round of the 2004 NFL draft. Phillips also played for the Denver Broncos, Tennessee Titans, and Indianapolis Colts.
Early life.
Phillips grew up in Willingboro, New Jersey and attended Willingboro High School, lettering in football, basketball, and track. In football, he was an All-South Jersey selection, and an All-State selection.
College career.
Phillips accepted a scholarship offer to attend Purdue University following high school, choosing Purdue in part due to his desire to catch passes from quarterback Drew Brees as a tight end.
After being forced to sit out his freshman season due to low standardized test scores, Phillips was immediately assigned to the defensive side of the ball, and started as a freshman at defensive end. He earned All-Big Ten honorable mention in each of his first three seasons.
As a senior, Phillips totaled 14.5 sacks, pushing his career total to 33.5, a school record, highlighted by a 3.5 sack performance in Purdue's 26–23 win at Wisconsin Badgers. He was named a second-team All-American and first-team All-Big Ten performer. Phillips started 49 consecutive games as a Boilermaker.
Phillips was often used on offense as a tight end in goal line situations, and caught two touchdown passes during his career. He completed his collegiate career at Purdue University as the school's all-time leader with 33.5 career sacks while ranking third in team annals with 60.5 tackles for a loss.
Phillips graduated from Purdue University in May 2003 with a degree in restaurant, hotel and institutional management.
Professional career.
San Diego Chargers.
Phillips was selected by the Chargers 98th overall in the fourth round of the 2004 NFL draft and was the third Purdue player selected after Nick Hardwick and Stuart Schweigert, who both went in the third round.
In his rookie season, Philips was used as a backup pass rush specialist. He earned his first NFL sack in his NFL debut in Week 1 against the Houston Texans. He played in all 16 games and was tied for second on the team with four sacks.
In the 2005 season, in the same role, Philips had seven sacks and three forced fumbles while playing alongside rookie sensation Shawne Merriman. He appeared in 15 games and started three.
On April 14, 2006, Shaun Phillips was arrested after he scuffled with a patrol officer. Phillips, then 24, was booked into San Diego County jail on a charge of obstructing or resisting an officer in the performance of his duty. Phillips was freed after posting $10,000 bail, according to the Sheriff's Department.
Prior to the 2006 season, Phillips had mostly been used as a pass rush specialist rather than an every-down linebacker. With the September 2006 shooting of teammate Steve Foley, Phillips moved into the starting right outside linebacker spot previously occupied by Foley. He made an instant impact and finished his first season as a starter tied for ninth in sacks in the NFL despite missing two games with a mid-season calf injury. He and Shawne Merriman produced 28 sacks as they formed one of the best pass rush in the NFL. Philips finished with 65 tackles, 11.5 sacks, six pass breakups and four forced fumbles despite missing two games with an ankle injury.
Following the 2006 season, the Chargers signed Shaun Phillips to a six-year extension through 2012. The deal guaranteed him $13 million over the first two years. He was originally scheduled for restricted free agency.
In his fourth season, he emerged as a leader on the defense. In Week 15, against the Detroit Lions, he had a 18-yard interception return for a touchdown in the 51–14 victory. He started in 15 games and tacked on 68 tackles, 8.5 sacks, and two interceptions in the 2007 season.
In Week 14 of the 2008 season against the Oakland Raiders, Phillips had 2.5 sacks in the 34–7 victory. In the 2008 season, he appeared in 16 games with 16 starts. He recorded 76 total tackles, 7.5 sacks and four passes defended.
In 2009, Philips led the NFL with a career-best seven forced fumbles in 2009 while leading San Diego to its fourth consecutive AFC West title. Before the season, Phillips was cited for misdemeanor battery for allegedly striking a security guard in the face at a downtown hotel early Sunday morning. It was Phillips' second run-in with the law in three seasons.
In the 2010 season, the pass rusher played in all 16 games and finished with 55 tackles and a team-high 11 sacks. He registered an interception that he returned 31 yards for a touchdown in Week 4 against the Arizona Cardinals. He was named to his first Pro Bowl. He was named AFC Defensive Player of the Week after producing a career-high four sacks and an interception returned for a touchdown vs. Arizona He was ranked 97th by his fellow players on the NFL Top 100 Players of 2011.
Coming off a Pro Bowl year, Phillips was hurt and slowed by a lingering foot injury. He had 3.5 sacks, a career low, and two interceptions in 12 games and starts in the 2011 season.
In the 2012 season, Phillips appeared in and started all 16 games. In Week 9 against the Kansas City Chiefs, he had a defensive fumble recovery for a touchdown in the 31–13 victory. In Week 11, against the Tennessee Titans, he recorded a safety on a sack of Peyton Manning in the 30–23 loss. He had 9.5 sacks, 50 total tackles, three passes defended, and two forced fumbles.
Denver Broncos.
On April 27, 2013, Phillips signed with the Denver Broncos. On June 24, 2013, Phillips says he accepted less money to play for the Broncos. "That's why I came here, to be in this situation, to be with a team that is right there in the mix," Phillips said.
In his debut as a Bronco, Phillips had 2.5 sacks on Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco. In Week 8, Phillips intercepted Washington quarterback Kirk Cousins, to seal the game for the Broncos. On the season, he played in all 16 games, starting 12 (including the final 9 straight), finishing the season with 35 tackles (28 solo), 10 sacks, a pair of forced fumbles, an interception, and five blocked passes.
In the of the playoffs, Phillips recorded two sacks in the 24–17 victory over the San Diego Chargers. Phillips played in Super Bowl XLVIII against the Seattle Seahawks. He had four total tackles in the 43–8 loss.
Tennessee Titans.
Phillips signed with the Tennessee Titans on March 28, 2014. On November 25, 2014, Phillips was released by the Titans.
Indianapolis Colts.
Phillips was signed off waivers by the Indianapolis Colts on November 26, 2014. With both the Titans and the Colts, Phillips played in all 16 games and started one. He finished with two sacks, 24 total tackles, and two passes defended. He was released on February 16, 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="7005751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005751" title="Velpeaulia">
Velpeaulia



</doc>
<doc id="7005753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005753" title="Robert Freeman (The Boondocks)">
Robert Freeman (The Boondocks)



</doc>
<doc id="7005754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005754" title="San Domenico Maggiore">
San Domenico Maggiore

San Domenico Maggiore is a Gothic, Roman Catholic church and monastery, founded by the friars of the Dominican Order, and located in the square of the same name in the historic center of Naples.
History.
The square is bordered by a street/alleyway popularly called "Spaccanapoli" (presently labeled via Benedetto Croce at this particular section of its considerable length) in the historic center of Naples. It was one of the three main east–west streets of the original Greek city of "Neapolis". To the east along Spaccanapoli, one reaches in a few blocks the Piazza of Gesu Nuovo and Santa Chiara.
The Church of San Domenico Maggiore incorporates a smaller, original church built on this site in the 10th century, "San Michele Arcangelo a Morfisa".
Charles II of Naples began the rebuilding that produced the Gotico Angioiano structure that comprises the present church. The work was done between 1283 and 1324, but the church has undergone modifications over the centuries, including one in 1670 that recast some of the decoration in a Baroque style. In the 19th century, however, the church was restored to its original Gothic design.
The monastery annexed to the church has been the home of prominent names in the history of religion and philosophy. It was the original seat of the University of Naples, where Thomas Aquinas, a former member of the Dominican community there, returned to teach theology in 1272. Sacristan Domenic of Caserta claimed to have seen Aquinas levitating in prayer with tears before an icon of the crucified Christ in the Chapel of Saint Nicholas after Matins on December 6, 1273. Domenic reported that Christ said to Thomas, "You have written well of me, Thomas. What reward would you have for your labor?" and Thomas responded, "Nothing but you Lord."
The philosopher friar and heretic, Giordano Bruno, also lived here at some point.
In the center of the square is an obelisk— one of three "plague columns" in Naples— topped by a statue of Saint Dominic, founder of the Dominican Order, erected after the plague of 1656. The original designer of the spire was the Neapolitan architect Cosimo Fanzago. Construction on the spire was started after the plague of 1656 and was finally finished in 1737 under Charles III, the first Bourbon monarch of Naples.
Artistically, the most notable feature are the frescoes by Pietro Cavallini in the Brancaccio Chapel (1309), depicting "Stories of St. John the Evangelist", "Crucifixion", "Stories of Magdalene" and the "Apostles Peter, Paul and Andrew".
The sacristy houses a series of 45 sepulchres of members of the royal Aragonese family, including that of King Ferdinand I. The remains of the Blessed Raymond of Capua, a former Master General of the Dominican Order, also rest there.
Sacred Relics Chamber.
The "Sacred Relics Chamber", best known as "Treasure Chamber", was built in 1690 with the purpose of preserving the hearts of Charles II of Naples, Alfonso V of Aragon (Alfonso I of Naples), and Ferdinand II of Naples, as well as a series of significant objects belonging to Dominicans, all precious historical evidence lost during French occupation in the early 1800s. The chamber remained closed to the public until 2000, when it was re-opened, regaining a role as a cultural attraction in the historic centre of Naples.
It is accessible through the wooden door engraved toward the second part of the 16th century, and attributed to Cosimo Fanzago. It is furnished with monumental 18th century walnut wardrobes showing a collection divided in four parts: "The Arches", "The Processions", "the Treasure" and the" Sacred ornaments", a selection of precious clothes of Aragonese monarchs, reliquary busts, sacred vestments, and relics of Dominicans. The decorations of the wardrobes doors, realized by Francesco Antonio Picchiatti, embrace the same style as the terracotta tiled floor by Donato and Giuseppe Massa, who have also worked for the Santa Chiara cloister in Naples.
Aragonese Arches.
The first part of the collection includes clothing and accessories of kings and noblemen removed by the arches shown in the adjacent sacristy. Toward the end of the 1980s, the clothes, which date back to a period between the 15th and 16th centuries, were taken away from the mummies in the coffins, restored, and exhibited. The culture of the 15th century is recreated by means of the damask dresses, veils and silk pillows, daggers and armor of the Aragonese family and of other members of their court.
The main relics are: the ivory pillow of Ferdinand I of Naples, called Ferrante (15th century), in silk and silver, on which a black gauntlet and the well-wishing family motto "juvat" are embroidered; the goatskin pillow and part of the sheath and dagger of Ferdinand II of Naples, called Ferrandino (15th century), with leather tassels and woolen padding. On this one, still today, the signs of the fire that burnt up the church in 1506 are visible; the ochre damask dress of Isabella Sforza of Aragon, with squared neckline and long silk ribbons to keep together the sleeves with the bodice. The skirt is 103 cm long and 480 cm large, with a grapevine decoration and a pleat that used to be stuffed with wool, so as to have a shapely waistline and match the fifteenth-century ideal of feminine beauty; the ivory satin suit of Peter of Aragon, with velvet ribbons and a gold velvet hat; the brown velvet suit attributed to Francesco Ferdinando D’Avalos (husband of the 16th century poet Vittoria Colonna); the ivory dress in taffeta and grosgrain of Maria of Aragon and the flax turban found on her head; different vestments and shoes of noble children who mainly died from the plague.
The Processions.
The second part, situated on the north-west wall, is characterized by some Dominican saints busts in papier-mâché, wooden and silver lamina, which were carried in triumph during the religious processions in the 18th and 19th centuries. Here we can admire the bust of Saint Vincent Ferrer, patron of the builders, the bust of Saint George, and that of Peter Martyr (Peter of Verona), represented with an axe on his head, recalling the way he was killed, according to the hagiographies, after his conversion to Christianity.
In the central wardrobes there are two refined flax drapes embroidered in silk and gold, part of a collection dedicated to the "history and virtues" of Saint Thomas Aquinas, donated to the Dominicans by his descendant Maria d’Aquino in 1799. The first drape portrays a young girl caressing a unicorn, a mythic creature which, according to the legend, could only be touched by a virgin, thus representing chastity. The other, on the opposite wall, "The Sun Chariot", represents an interesting subject mixing religious and mythological themes. The drapes were realized by Neapolitan embroiderers between 1669 and 1685, and were used, in the past, as wall decorations during some religious holy days connected with St. Thomas. The collection also includes other drapes, such as "Benevolence", "God’s grace", "Humility" and "Peace hugging Justice", all characterized by rich baroque flower compositions. The artists responsible for these works used a refined technique called "PUNTO PITTURA", to get a particular light and shade effect.
On the north-east wall, others papier-mâché busts include: Saint Agnes of Rome, patron of girlfriends and virgins; St. Raymond of Peñyafort, the first doctor in canonical law; Saint Louis Bertrand, represented with a snake coming out from the goblet he holds in his hand, remembering the episode when he almost died from poison.
The Treasure.
The third section conserves the most precious liturgical vestments owned by Dominican friars, an awesome collection of copes and chasubles in multicolour silks, silver and gold linens, '700 century altar frontals, mother-of-pearl ornaments, reliquary, monstrances and candelabra. The most precious pieces of the collection are: the fantastic brocaded lampas cope by French manufacturers from 18th century, embroidered with silver thread and gold finishing; the peach tunic (end of 18th century), coming from the silk factories in San Leucio; a wonderful altar frontal (18th century) in brocade fabric embroidered with silver thread and multicolour silks on ivory satin, representing the Virgin Mary and Saint Dominic and "The Mysteries of the Rosary"; the reliquary finger of St Biagio, thaumaturge (wonderworker) of throat diseases.
According to a secular tradition, St Bonaventura entered Thomas' study while he was writing and saw the dove of the Spirit next to his face. Having completed his treatise on the Eucharist, he placed it on the altar before the crucifix to receive a sign from the Lord. Immediately he was lifted up from the ground and heard the words: "Bene scripsisti, Thoma, de me quam ergo mercedem accipies?" And he answered "Non aliam nisi te, Domine" (which means: You wrote well about me, Thomas. What reward do you desire? Nothing but Thee, Lord). The Treasure Room of San Domenico Maggiore houses a tapestry depicting the "Chariot of the Sun", part of the "Stories and Virtues of St Thomas Aquinas", donated to the Dominicans by Vincenza Maria d'Aquino Pico
Sacred Ornaments.
The fourth and last section shows the objects which adorned the sacred places of the basilica in the past. Pieces of great visual suggestion are the two busts from the 18th century: one of Pope Pius V, promoter of the famous battle of Lepanto in 1571, and one of St. Dominic, founder of the Dominican order, represented according with the typical iconography: a star on his head, a dog running with a torch in his mouth, and a church.
Among the other items exhibited in this section: a rock crystal and golden bronze crucifix, fabulous wooden and silver lamina vases with mother-of-pearl flowers, and precious nineteenth-century candelabra in silver copper.
All these relics prove the European leadership which Naples had gained in craftsmanship and handmade fashion sectors since Middle Ages. During the 16th and 17th centuries, silk was one of the most considerable entries in the kingdom's balance sheet, and the available data demonstrate that the silk production and trade activities were still significant for the economy of the Kingdom of the two Sicilies during the 18th and 19th centuries.
Therefore, even in the "textile art" sector, Naples conserved its status of "Refined City" for a long time, and the Treasure Chamber proves this record beyond doubt.
Piazza di San Domenico Maggiore.
The plaza is ringed by palaces from prominent families, including the Palazzo di Sangro di Casacalenda, Naples.

</doc>
<doc id="7005755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005755" title="Gems and crystals">
Gems and crystals



</doc>
<doc id="7005758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005758" title="Jitter (disambiguation)">
Jitter (disambiguation)

Jitter is the deviation in frequency of a signal.
Jitter may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7005760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005760" title="Walberia">
Walberia



</doc>
<doc id="7005762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005762" title="Eightburst nebula">
Eightburst nebula



</doc>
<doc id="7005765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005765" title="Yagyu Munenori">
Yagyu Munenori



</doc>
<doc id="7005769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005769" title="Appropriate adult">
Appropriate adult

In English law, an appropriate adult is a parent, guardian or social worker; or if no person matching this is available, any responsible person over 18. The term was introduced as part of the policing reforms in the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 and applies in England and Wales.
In England and Wales, an appropriate adult must be called by police whenever they detain or interview a child (under the age of 18) or vulnerable adult. They must be present for a range of police processes, including interviews, intimate searches and identification procedures, as detailed in the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE) Codes of Practice, primarily Code C.
Details.
In relation to children, appropriate adult is defined in primary legislation under section 38(4)(a) of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998, which defines the role as being "to safeguard the interests of children and young persons detained or questioned by police officers." The Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 section 63B(10) states that in relation to a 'juvenile' (Under the age of 18) (On 26 October 2015 amendments made to section 42 changed the age of "arrested juvenile" to "Under 18") an appropriate adult should be:
Local authority Youth Offending Teams (YOTs) have a statutory duty to provide an appropriate adult for all children under the Crime and Disorder Act 1998 s.38(4)(a). This is carried out whenever parents are unavailable, unwilling or inappropriate to act as appropriate adult. Depending on the local authority, this may be carried out by YOT staff, sessional workers, community volunteers or contracted out to a specialist charity or business.
The role includes:
Appropriate adults are also required whenever mentally vulnerable adults are detained in custody. However, there is no statutory provision for vulnerable adults and formal schemes are not available in all parts of England and Wales.
Vulnerable defendants in Northern Ireland may also be able to access the services of a Registered Intermediary to facilitate communication while giving oral testimony at court (DoJ, Northern Ireland).
The role of appropriate adult in Scots law is different from that in England and Wales. Appropriate Adults facilitate communication between the police and adults (people aged 16 or over) who have a mental disorder. This is defined in the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003 as: 'any mental illness, personality disorder, learning disability however caused or manifested'. In practice this includes people with acquired brain injury, autistic spectrum disorder or dementia.
Many areas operate an 'Appropriate Adult Volunteer' scheme, where trained individuals volunteer their spare time to serve in this role. Many schemes operate on a rostered basis across weekends and sometimes week day evenings to expand the service outside of the hours provided by social workers such the controversial role of Janet Leach in the investigations and trial of a serial child murderer.
Prevalence.
A 2020 report by the National Appropriate Adult Network (NAAN) found that police failed to provide an appropriate adult to hundreds of thousands of suspects with mental illness, autism or learning disabilities in 2019. NAAN's chief executive said this failure risked making evidence unreliable and leading to prosecutions being abandoned.
National Appropriate Adult Network (NAAN).
NAAN is the national membership body supporting and representing appropriate adult services in England and Wales. NAAN has produced National Standard for AAs which were approved by the Home Office and Department of Health and Social Care in 2011. NAAN does not provide AA, but does represent them and provide training. NAAN states that AA role is underutilised, they believe around 39% of detainees may need an AA but in 2023 only 7.3% had one.
Notable legal changes.
On 26 October 2015 the British government used a statutory instrument (No. 1778/2015) to commence changes to section 42 (duties of custody officer after charge: arrested juveniles) of the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015.
The UN Convention on the Rights of the Child defines a child as under the age of 18; however, 17-year-olds in police custody in England and Wales fell into a grey area prior to the changes in Section 42.
In 2013, the Home Secretary ordered the amendment of PACE Code C to extend the requirement for an AA to 17-year-olds when detained or questioned by police.
Earlier in the year s.41 of the Criminal Justice and Courts Act made revisions to sections 66ZA and 66B of the Crime and Disorder Act 1998. This extended to 17-year-olds the requirement for an AA to be present for youth cautions and youth conditional cautions.
Section 42 of the Criminal Justice and Courts Act amends section 37(15) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (PACE). This is the section of PACE which defines "arrested juvenile", a term that is used in Part 4 of PACE, the part that relates to detention.
Until October 2015, PACE s.37(15) stated: "arrested juvenile" means a person arrested with or without a warrant who appears to be under the age of 17.
From October 2015, PACE s.37(15) states "arrested juvenile" means a person arrested with or without a warrant who appears to be under the age of 18.
The effect of the change is that 17-year-olds are included in the definition of "arrested juvenile". This means that, as with all other children: -
Although PACE Code C has been amended to require the presence of an AA for 17-year-olds, this is not yet in written in legislation. PACE 1984 s.63B (Testing for presence of Class A drugs) an AA must be present when police make the request, give a warning and information and take a sample "in the case of a person who has not attained the age of 17". The term "appropriate adult" is defined only in relation to a person who has "not attained the age of 17". The PACE Codes still have to be followed even though they are not law.

</doc>
<doc id="7005772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005772" title="HMS Gloucester (62)">
HMS Gloucester (62)

HMS "Gloucester" was one of the second batch of three light cruisers built for the Royal Navy during the late 1930s. Commissioned shortly before the start of World War II in August 1939, the ship was initially assigned to the China Station and was transferred to the Indian Ocean and later to South Africa to search for German commerce raiders. She was transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet in mid-1940 and spent much of her time escorting Malta Convoys. "Gloucester" played minor roles in the Battle of Calabria in 1940 and the Battle of Cape Matapan in 1941. She was sunk by German dive bombers on 22 May 1941 during the Battle of Crete with the loss of 722 men out of a crew of 807. "Gloucester" acquired the nickname "The Fighting G" after earning five battle honours in less than a year.
Design and description.
The Town-class light cruisers were designed as counters to the Japanese s built during the early 1930s and the last batch of three ships was enlarged to accommodate more fire-control equipment and thicker armour. "Gloucester" displaced at standard load and at deep load. The ship had an overall length of , a beam of and a draught of . She was powered by four Parsons geared steam turbine sets, each driving one shaft, using steam provided by four Admiralty 3-drum boilers. The turbines developed a total of and gave a maximum speed of . The ship carried enough fuel oil to give her a range of at . The ship's complement was 800–815 officers and ratings.
The Town-class ships mounted twelve BL six-inch (152 mm) Mk XXIII guns in four triple-gun turrets. The turrets were designated 'A', 'B', 'X' and 'Y' from front to rear. Their secondary armament consisted of eight QF Mk XVI dual-purpose guns in twin mounts. Their light anti-aircraft armament consisted of a pair of quadruple mounts for the two-pounder () AA gun ("pom-pom") and two quadruple mounts for Vickers AA machine guns. The ships carried two above-water, triple mounts for torpedoes.
The Towns lacked a full-length waterline armour belt. The sides of "Gloucester"s boiler and engine rooms and the sides of the magazines were protected by of armour. The top of the magazines and the machinery spaces were protected by of armour. The armour protecting the main gun turrets had a thickness of .
Construction and career.
"Gloucester", the ninth ship of her name to serve in the Royal Navy, was laid down on 22 September 1936. She was launched on 19 October 1937 by Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester. During sea trials off the coast of Talland, Cornwall, in November 1938, the cruiser recorded an average speed at a standard displacement of against the measured mile. This was the slowest trial speed recorded out of nine ships from the class, with achieving the highest average speed at off the Isle of Arran. However, trials at Talland generally resulted in lower speeds than at other locations due to its shallow depth affecting propulsion efficiency.
Following completion on 31 January 1939, the ship was assigned as the flagship of the 4th Cruiser Squadron (CS) on the China Station, where she served until the beginning of World War II in September. In mid-November, "Gloucester" and the were assigned to patrol the Indian Ocean between Madagascar and Seychelles in an unsuccessful search for the German commerce raider . In December, she was transferred to Force I at Simonstown, South Africa, where she fruitlessly patrolled the South Atlantic against other commerce raiders. The ship carried a large contingent of seconded South African personnel.
In the Mediterranean.
The ship was transferred to the 7th Cruiser Squadron of the Mediterranean Fleet at Alexandria, Egypt, in May 1940. A few days after Italy joined the war on 10 June, "Gloucester" and her sister ship, , bombarded Tobruk, Libya, sinking a small auxiliary minesweeper on the 12th. Several weeks later, the 7th CS was covering several convoys to and from Malta when British Short Sunderland flying boats spotted an Italian convoy on the 28th. The squadron was ordered to intercept and sank the destroyer with a prodigious expenditure of ammunition.
On 7 July, the Mediterranean Fleet sortied to cover more Malta convoys, but they were spotted by the Italians that evening. The next day, a bomb dropped by Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 bombers struck the ship's bridge, killing 18 crew members instantly, including the captain. As a result of the attack, the ship could not be steered from the bridge and was uncontrolled for a time before the aft steering position could take over. Despite an inoperable bridge, the ship remained with the fleet and participated in the Battle of Calabria on the 9th, although she was ordered away from the battleline to escort the aircraft carrier . Repairs were completed by the end of August when "Gloucester", now assigned to the 3rd Cruiser Squadron, participated in Operation Hats. At the end of September, the ship ferried 1,200 troops to Malta, together with "Liverpool". "Gloucester" spent most of the rest of the year escorting convoys to and from Greece and Malta, although she escorted the aircraft carrier during the Battle of Taranto on 11 November and ferried troops to Piraeus, Greece, on the 17th.
On 11 January 1941, while supporting Operation Excess (several coordinated convoys), "Gloucester" and sister ship came under attack from Junkers Ju 87 "Stuka" dive bombers from StG 2 while leaving Malta. "Gloucester" was hit by a bomb which failed to explode after penetrating through five decks. "Southampton" was hit by at least two bombs and caught fire; heavily damaged and without power, the ship was scuttled by torpedoes from the light cruiser .
Battle of Cape Matapan.
On 27 March, "Gloucester", now reassigned to the 7th CS, departed Piraeus bound for Souda Bay, Crete as part of Vice-Admiral Andrew Cunningham's plan to trap and destroy a large portion of the Italian Fleet which was at sea in an attempt to intercept British convoys operating between Greece and Egypt. British signals intelligence had revealed the Italian plan and Cunningham attempted to consolidate his ships, but was delayed and missed his rendezvous with the 7th CS scheduled for the following morning. The Italians located the squadron first and the 3rd Cruiser Division with three heavy cruisers, escorted by three destroyers, opened fire at 08:12 at very long range. Only "Gloucester" returned fire as the British attempted to disengage, but the Italians followed, against orders, when Admiral Angelo Iachino recalled them at 08:55. The 7th CS turned around to observe the Italian manoeuvre and Iachino attempted to pincer the British cruisers between his 3rd Cruiser Division and his flagship, the battleship . Although Vice-Admiral Henry Pridham-Wippell knew that the Italians had a battleship at sea, he was still caught by surprise when "Vittorio Veneto" opened fire at 10:55 at "Orion". The 3rd Cruiser Division joined in shortly afterwards, but gunnery problems plagued the Italians and they scored no hits against their primary targets, "Gloucester" and "Orion". The British ships laid smoke screens and turned south towards the main body of the Mediterranean Fleet. An unsuccessful attack by torpedo bombers from the aircraft carrier persuaded Iachino to turn back at 11:40. The 7th CS was able to keep up the pursuit that afternoon after another torpedo bomber attack damaged the "Vittorio Veneto" at 15:20 and reduced her speed. A subsequent attack crippled the heavy cruiser and "Orion"s radar picked up "Pola", and the two other heavy cruisers that had been sent to her assistance, at 20:15. Cunningham's three battleships quickly sank all three heavy cruisers at point-blank range later that night.
Sinking.
"Gloucester" repeatedly bombarded targets in Libya during April. After covering another convoy to Malta, the ship, together with the battleships , , and , and various destroyers, attacked Tripoli harbour on the night of 20/21 April with some success. At the end of the month, the ship was briefly transferred to Force H at Gibraltar before escorting a convoy eastward to Malta and rejoining the Mediterranean Fleet in Operation Tiger in early May.
To counter the German invasion of Crete, Cunningham split his fleet into several forces, which would act independently to intercept German sea transports. After German paratroopers landed on Crete on 20 May, "Gloucester" was assigned as the command ship of Force B and tasked with interdicting any efforts to reinforce the German forces on the island. Force B was ordered on a night patrol between Cape Elephonsi and Cape Matapan but encountered no enemies and joined up with Rear Admiral Rawlings' Force A1 on the morning of 21 May. A German and Italian convoy was sighted by allied reconnaissance later that day and Forces B, C and D were ordered to intercept and engage, with Force D making contact at 23:30.
Force B again encountered no enemy naval vessels but came under attack from fifty "Stuka"s of VIII. Fliegerkorps at 06:30 on 22 May, as they returned westwards to rejoin Rawlings and Force A1. "Gloucester" and the light cruiser took damage from near misses. Force B made the rendezvous with Force A1 and Force D (Rear Admiral Irvine Glennie) at about 08:30 and the combined force was ordered to report on their levels of high-angle anti-aircraft ammunition at 09:30. Of the cruisers, had 40%, 38%, "Fiji" 30%, 25% and "Gloucester" only 18%. "Ajax", "Orion" and "Dido" were ordered to return to Alexandria with Glennie's Force D to rearm but "Gloucester" and "Fiji" remained with Rawlings' Force A1.
At 12:25 Force A1, stationed 20 to 30 miles west of Antikythera, received a request from Rear Admiral Edward Leigh Stuart King to support the damaged and the rest of his Force C. Force A1 headed east into the Kythira Strait, rendezvousing with Force C between 13:30 and 14:00. As the more senior admiral, King took command, with air attacks now inflicting damage on both forces. At 14:02 and 14:07 respectively, "Fiji" and "Gloucester" were detached to provide anti-aircraft support for the destroyers and . The two destroyers having already been ordered to rescue the survivors of the destroyer , which had been sunk at 13:50. Writing in despatches after the battle, Cunningham stated that King was unaware of the shortage of anti-aircraft ammunition in "Fiji" and "Gloucester". At 14:13 King and Rawlings exchanged messages about the shortage of ammunition within both Force C and Force A1, with Rawlings expressing concern about the orders given to "Gloucester" and "Fiji". Following this communication, King issued an order to recall both "Gloucester" and "Fiji" at 14:57.
While in the Kythira Strait, about north of Crete, "Gloucester" and "Fiji" were attacked by "Stuka"s of StG 2. Between 15:30 and 15:50, while attempting to rejoin Force A1, "Gloucester" was hit by several bombs and the decision was taken to leave her behind due to the air attacks. "Fiji", under heavy fire, dropped rafts as she passed "Gloucester" but was unable to stop and was herself sunk within a few hours.
The 5th Destroyer Flotilla, led by "Kelly", was dispatched to search for survivors of both the "Gloucester" and the "Fiji" in the evening but was diverted to bombard the Germans at Maleme airfield before reaching the search area. Eventually the Germans picked up the survivors and brought them to Kythira. Of the 807 men aboard at the time of her sinking, only 85 survived to reach shore; two more subsequently died after being taken into captivity, one in 1941 and another in 1945.
The circumstances of the sinking were featured by a BBC programme. According to this, the despatch of "Gloucester", alone and low on fuel and anti-aircraft ammunition (less than 20% remaining), into danger was a "grievous error". Furthermore, the failure to attempt to rescue survivors after dark was "contrary to usual Navy practice". A survivor commented "The tradition in the Navy is that when a ship has sunk, a vessel is sent back to pick up survivors under cover of darkness. That did not happen and we do not know why. We were picked up by Germans." On 30 May 1941, in a letter to the First Sea Lord, Sir Dudley Pound, Cunningham wrote, "The sending back of "Gloucester" and "Fiji" to the "Greyhound" was another grave error and cost us those two ships. They were practically out of ammunition but even had they been full up I think they would have gone. The Commanding Officer of "Fiji" told me that the air over "Gloucester" was black with planes."
Following the loss of both "Gloucester" and "Fiji" to air attacks after their anti-aircraft ammunition was exhausted, all British cruisers were instructed not to allow their anti-aircraft ammunition reserves to fall below 40%.
The ship's wreck is a controlled site under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986. Amongst the crewmen lost was the former Southampton footballer Norman Catlin.

</doc>
<doc id="7005776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005776" title="WVOD">
WVOD

WVOD (99.1 FM) is a commercial radio station licensed to Manteo, North Carolina serving the Outer Banks of North Carolina which includes Kitty Hawk, Kill Devil Hills, and Nags Head. WVOD broadcasts at 50,000 watts at 99.1 FM and is silent, formerly formatted as an AAA or Adult Album Alternative music station. The station is owned by Jam Media Solutions, LLC.
History.
WVOD-FM began life on 99.3 FM as 99 3D, "Your Voices of Dare". Two Dare County businesswomen established the station under the company name "Orbit Communications", and with the license and engineering permits in place, the station began broadcasting on Easter weekend 1986. At the time the station went on the air, there were only three full-time salaried announcers on the company payroll. The station broadcast with 3 kW, moving to 99.1 in 1989 in order to upgrade to 50,000 watts. The original studio and offices were located in an old hardware store on the Manteo waterfront across the street from the Dare County courthouse.
Around 1996, WVOD became a full-fledged AAA station and the station moniker became 'The Sound 99.1".
In 2006, Convergent Broadcasting LLC, which had bought the station in 2002, sold WVOD, WFMZ, WYND-FM and WZPR to CapSan Media LLC.
Hengooch, LLC bought WVOD, WYND-FM, and WZPR/WFMZ in 2010 for $200,000. Max Radio of the Carolinas operated WVOD, WZPR/WFMZ, WCMS-FM and WCXL as of 2013; WYND-FM was sold.
In 2018, Hengooch, LLC sold all of its North Carolina stations to Jam Media Solutions, LLC.
Davis Media planned to buy WVOD and other stations but the deal is off.
On July 9, 2024, WVOD ceased operations.
99.1 has returned to air and is in the process of being purchased by Lisa Davis Brickhouse who has been on the air there for years.

</doc>
<doc id="7005781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005781" title="Ice Wars">
Ice Wars

Ice Wars was an annual elite figure skating team competition. The first Ice Wars took place in 1994. The competition format was "Team World" vs. "Team USA" or "Team North America". The 2005 competition was one exception, with the format changed to a "Battle of the Sexes" format, Men vs. Ladies. It was an unsanctioned made-for-TV professional event, meaning that skaters who participated would lose their eligibility to compete in the Winter Olympics and other events recognized by the International Skating Union.
Men, ladies, pair skaters, and ice dancers have all taken part in Ice Wars, though in 2005 only single skaters competed.
The event took place in November, changing locations each year.
The 2001 competition was renamed "World Ice Challenge" after the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="7005782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005782" title="Roman eating and drinking">
Roman eating and drinking



</doc>
<doc id="7005785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005785" title="Zwingera">
Zwingera



</doc>
<doc id="7005786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005786" title="Hengzhi chip">
Hengzhi chip

The Hengzhi chip () is a microcontroller that can store secured information, designed by the People's Republic of China government and manufactured in China. Its functionalities should be similar to those offered by a Trusted Platform Module but, unlike the TPM, it does not follow Trusted Computing Group specifications. Lenovo is selling PCs installed with Hengzhi security chips. The chip could be a development of the IBM ESS (Embedded security subsystem) chip, which was a public key smart card placed directly on the motherboard's system management bus. As of September 2006, no public specifications about the chip are available.
The Hengzhi chip has caused issues with the installation of Windows 11 as it doesn't follow the TPM standards and foreign TPMs are banned in China.

</doc>
<doc id="7005796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005796" title="Nygårdsjøen">
Nygårdsjøen

Nygårdsjøen or Nygårdsjyen is a village area in Gildeskål Municipality in Nordland county, Norway. Nygårdsjøen is located in the northern part of the municipality, close to the border with Bodø Municipality. The village lies along Norwegian County Road 17 on the east side of the Nordfjorden, just north of the entrance to the Beiar Fjord. Saura Church is located along the fjord on the west side of the village.
The village area of Nygårdsjøen includes several farm areas: "Innervik", "Skålsvik", "Røsnes", "Saura", "Nygård", and "Ertenvåg". There are about 270 people that live in Nygårdsjøen.

</doc>
<doc id="7005804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005804" title="Food manufacturing">
Food manufacturing



</doc>
<doc id="7005812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005812" title="Las Lenas">
Las Lenas



</doc>
<doc id="7005828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005828" title="US 258 (VA)">
US 258 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="7005829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005829" title="SR 32 (VA)">
SR 32 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="7005843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005843" title="Anderson's University">
Anderson's University



</doc>
<doc id="7005849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005849" title="JN Kellett Elementary">
JN Kellett Elementary



</doc>
<doc id="7005853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005853" title="VA 28">
VA 28



</doc>
<doc id="7005855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005855" title="Pistol m/40">
Pistol m/40



</doc>
<doc id="7005860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005860" title="Cornish politics">
Cornish politics



</doc>
<doc id="7005861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005861" title="The Necros">
The Necros



</doc>
<doc id="7005863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005863" title="US 340 (VA)">
US 340 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="7005864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005864" title="Turco-Armenian relations">
Turco-Armenian relations



</doc>
<doc id="7005865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005865" title="Jūbei Yagyū">
Jūbei Yagyū



</doc>
<doc id="7005866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005866" title="Equal Opportunities (Yes Minister)">
Equal Opportunities (Yes Minister)



</doc>
<doc id="7005867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005867" title="SR 28 (VA)">
SR 28 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="7005868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005868" title="Treaty of Björkö">
Treaty of Björkö

The Treaty of Björkö, also known as the Treaty of Koivisto, was a secret mutual defence agreement signed on 24 July 1905 in Björkö between Wilhelm II of the German Empire and Tsar Nicholas II of Russia. Although Wilhelm was the chief author, he acted without consulting his ministers. The treaty was quickly repudiated and never took effect.
Secret meeting.
The mutual defence treaty was signed in secret at a meeting arranged by Wilhelm II only four days prior. On the evening of Sunday 23 July 1905, the Kaiser arrived at Koivisto Sound from Viipuri Bay in his yacht, the "Hohenzollern". The yacht then dropped anchor near Tsar Nicholas' yacht, the "Polyarnaya Zvezda" "(Polar Star)". Proof of the meeting's occurrence is provided by the telegrams they exchanged, known as the Willy–Nicky correspondence, which was made public in 1917 by the new revolutionary government in Russia.
Treaty.
The defence treaty consisted of four articles and was signed by Wilhelm II and Tsar Nicholas II. It was countersigned by Heinrich von Tschirschky, head of the German Foreign Office, and Naval Minister Aleksei Birilev:
"Their Majesties the Emperors of all the Russias and Germany, in order to ensure the continuance of peace in Europe have decreed the following Articles of a Defensive Alliance Treaty."
Article I.
"In case one of the two Empires is attacked by a European Power, his ally will help it in Europe with all its land and sea forces."
Article II.
"High Contracting Parties undertake not to conclude separate peace with any common adversary."
Article III.
"The present Treaty shall enter into force as soon as peace between Russia and Japan is concluded and shall remain valid as long as it is not denounced a year in advance."
Article IV.
"The Emperor of all the Russias, after the entry into force of this treaty, will take the necessary steps to initiate France to this agreement and engage it to join as an ally."
Signature.
Wilhelm I.R.     Nicolas
"Von Tschirschky und Brogendorff     Birilev."
Reaction.
The treaty needed to be ratified by both the German and Russian governments.
Germany.
The German motive for the treaty was to weaken the Franco-Russian Alliance and enhance Germany's position towards Britain. The treaty was initially designed as a global mutual defence agreement, but Wilhelm's addition of the words "in Europe" in the first article limited its scope to Europe. This amendment caused a disagreement between the Kaiser and the German Reich Chancellor, Bernhard von Bülow, who was not informed of the late change. Bülow believed that Russia's assistance would be necessary regarding the British presence in India. However, Wilhelm argued that such operations would lead Germany into a futile war in that region, jeopardising Germany's position in Europe. Bülow's disagreement even led him to threaten resignation, prompting a melodramatic letter from the Kaiser that ended with the words, "if a letter of resignation arrived from you, the next morning would find the Kaiser no longer alive! Think of my poor wife and children!" Bülow offered to compromise, but the Russian government rejected the agreement before the issue could be resolved on the German side.
Russia.
Although Tsar Nicholas had signed the treaty, his government did not ratify it due to the preexisting Franco-Russian Alliance. Russian Prime Minister Sergey Witte and Foreign Minister Vladimir Lambsdorff were not present at the signing nor consulted beforehand. They insisted that the treaty should not come into effect unless it was approved and signed by France. Lambsdorff informed the Tsar that it was unacceptable to make the same promise to two governments with opposing interests. The Tsar yielded to their pressure, causing consternation for the Kaiser, who rebuked his cousin: "We joined hands and signed "before God", who heard our vows!... What is signed, is signed! and God is our testator!" Wilhelm's chancellor, Count Bernhard von Bülow, also refused to sign the treaty because the Kaiser had added an amendment to the draft. This amendment, which limited the treaty to Europe, was added against the advice of the Foreign Office.

</doc>
<doc id="7005869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005869" title="Muneyoshi Yagyū">
Muneyoshi Yagyū



</doc>
<doc id="7005871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005871" title="Ahmed Resmî Efendi">
Ahmed Resmî Efendi

Ahmed Resmî Efendi (English, "Ahmed Efendi of Resmo"), also called by some Arabic sources as Ahmed bin İbrahim Giridî ("Ahmed the son of İbrahim the Cretan"), was an Ottoman Greek statesman, diplomat and author of the late 18th century. In international relations terms, his most important – and unfortunate – task was to act as the chief of the Ottoman delegation during the negotiations and the signature of the Treaty of Küçük Kaynarca. In the literary domain, he is remembered for various works among which his sefâretnâme recounting his embassies in Berlin and Vienna occupy a prominent place. He was Turkey's first ever ambassador in Berlin.
Early life.
Ahmed Resmi was born into a family of Greek descent in the Cretan town of Rethymno, which was known as Resmo in the Ottoman Empire in the year 1700. According to Muhammed Muradî, the source for the little that is known concerning his early life, Ahmed Resmî arrived in İstanbul towards his forties, in 1734. Most sources credit him with expertise in the calligraphic and epistolary arts. Rising through the Ottoman bureaucracy, he allied himself with a circle of reformers, who transformed diplomatic relations of the Ottomans with Europe in the 18th century and established some of the first privately endowed public libraries of Istanbul.
When his father-in-law and first patron Tavukçubaşı Mustafa, a diplomat and one of the prominent figures in grand vizier Koca Mehmed Ragıp Pasha's entourage, died in 1749, Ahmed Resmî began writing his first work, the bibliographical compilation of Ottoman chief scribes "Sefinet ür-rüesa". It was in this period that he wrote "İstinas fi ahval el-efras", to demonstrate his scribal and literary skills, celebrating the spring ritual of releasing the royal horses for grazing and which served as an encomium to the Sultan Mahmud I. These works also served as a means of introduction to potential patrons, such as grand vizier Köse Bahir Mustafa Pasha.
Ahmed Resmî was appointed in late 1757 to an embassy to Vienna to announce the accession of Mustafa III to the throne. In 1749, he also composed "Hamilet el-kübera", a biographical list of the chief black eunuchs (kızlar ağaları) of the Palace.
The embassy to Vienna was followed by a similar appointment, the first ever Turkish embassy to the court of Frederick the Great in Berlin in 1763/1764. After both embassies, Ahmed Resmî submitted detailed reports on the geography of his passage and the politics of the courts he encountered. In the case of the Berlin embassy, he left behind not just an account of diplomatic niceties but also a portrayal of Frederick and the description of the Seven Years' War. His tentative observations inaugurated a new emphasis for the Ottoman Empire on the need to study European politics.
Upon his return from Berlin, he was appointed chief correspondence officer ("mektupçu") to the grand vizier. In 1765, he became chief sergeant-at-arms ("çavuşbaşı") and began his long connection with Muhsinzade Mehmed Pasha, who was twice appointed grand vizier. Among his other appointments to the highest offices was his brief posting as second-in-command ("sadaret kethüdası") to grand vizier Moldovanlı Ali Pasha in 1769 while the grand vizier was on the Bulgarian battlefront. He served in this capacity again with Muhsinzade Mehmed Pasha from 1771 until the grand vizier’s death at the end of the Russo-Turkish War, 1768-1774. Ahmed Resmî was present at many of the war councils on the battlefield and was noted for his largesse toward wounded soldiers. His quarrels with and observations on the head of the Ottoman delegation during the ten-month truce between the two episodes of the war, Çenebaz Osman Efendi or Yenişehirli Osman Efendi, by the name either of a town near Bursa or now in Greece, was recorded by him in one of the most vivid accounts of the war.
Even though the above-mentioned three posts were considered stepping-stones to the office of grand vizier, he never achieved that status. It is likely that Ahmed Resmî’s regular and scathing criticism of the state of Ottoman military organization played a major role in this turn of events.
Ahmed Resmî acted as first plenipotentiary ("murahhas-ı evvel") to the Küçük Kaynarca peace negotiations in 1774 and became one of the signatories of the resulting treaty. He understandably disappeared from the appointment rolls for some time after 1775. Ahmed Resmî resurfaced one last time as chief of the palace cavalry bureau ("süvari mukabelecisi") under grand vizier Halil Hamid Pasha, probably in recognition of his continuous service behind the scenes in difficult negotiations with Russia over the future of the Crimea and the Tatars. Ahmed Resmî died in August 1783, shortly before the Aynalıkavak Convention ceding the Crimea to Catherine II was signed in early 1784. One son is said to have preceded Ahmed Resmî to the grave; no other information has been discovered to date concerning his family life.
Literary works.
His two works on Vienna and Berlin embassies have been translated into German by Joseph von Hammer in 1809.

</doc>
<doc id="7005877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005877" title="Wizards of OS 4">
Wizards of OS 4



</doc>
<doc id="7005880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005880" title="1939 Belgian Grand Prix">
1939 Belgian Grand Prix

The 1939 Belgian Grand Prix was a Grand Prix motor race held on 25 June 1939 at Spa-Francorchamps.
Richard Seaman crashed into a tree between Clubhouse and La Source hairpin, causing the fuel line to break. Fuel rushed over the car and the car caught fire. Seaman couldn't move because his right hand was broken and he was also trapped by his steering wheel. After a minute of futile rescue attempts, a Belgian soldier walked into the blaze and freed Seaman. However, he had suffered burns on sixty percent of the body and Britain's most successful pre-war driver died before midnight.

</doc>
<doc id="7005884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005884" title="Sefaretname">
Sefaretname



</doc>
<doc id="7005886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005886" title="ITN ON">
ITN ON

ITN ON is a division of British news provider ITN. It creates and distributes news, entertainment and lifestyle content across a wide range of media outlets.
Formerly known as ITN Multimedia, ITN ON came into being in 2003, providing the first video news bulletin for third generation (3G) mobiles for operator 3. It has since expanded its video news service to Vodafone live!, O2, MobiTV, ROK TV, Orange and T-Mobile. ITN ON offers a range of news and entertainment and lifestyle content to online operators including Google, YouTube, Yahoo!, Bebo, Bauer Media, Emirates, MSN, Telegraph Media Group, blinkx, Channel 4 News and the first local newspaper group to sign to the service Midland News Association. 
ITN ON was the first European company to create made-for-mobile video news content; a mobile-specific 24-hour news channel was launched on MobiTV in May 2005. This was quickly followed by a made-for-mobile weather channel. ITN ON launched the first ever video news application for Apple’s iPhone in February 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7005889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005889" title="Frank zappa trivia">
Frank zappa trivia



</doc>
<doc id="7005901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005901" title="Niki Palli">
Niki Palli

Nikita ("Niki") Palli (; born 28 May 1987 in Moldova) is an Israeli athlete competing in the high jump.
Biography.
At the age of 8, Niki Palli moved with his family from Moldova to Israel. In 2005 Palli became an Israeli citizen.
Sports career.
In 2005, Palli improved his personal best from 2.09 to 2.25 meters and became Israeli champion in high jump.
At the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg he finished sixth, after achieving 2.27 meters. At the 2006 World Junior Championships in Beijing he finished 2nd, jumping 2.29 meters. His current personal best is 2.30 meters, achieved on July 12, 2006, in the 2006 Israel athletics championships in Tel Aviv. This is the Israeli junior record and second-best performance for an Israeli high jumper. The record is held by Konstantin Matusevich with 2.36 meters.
At the 2007 European Athletics Indoor Championships he finished eighth and last in the final, only clearing 2.15 metres.
He cleared a season best 2.27 meters twice in July and qualified for 2008 Summer Olympics.
He competed on behalf of Israel at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
He tied for the silver medal in the high jump at the 2017 Maccabiah Games, jumping 2.05 meters.

</doc>
<doc id="7005902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005902" title="Weaam Amasha">
Weaam Amasha

Weeam Amasha (, ; born 8 August 1985) is a Golan Heights-born Druze footballer.
Early life.
Amasha is a Druze from the village Buq'ata, Golan Heights. He holds no official citizenship but rather an Israeli Travel Document. With special permission from FIFA, Amasha played for Israel despite having received interest from the Syrian Football Association. When Amasha goes to a match abroad he is required to get a visa for any country since he doesn't hold a real passport.
Club career.
On 7 June 20, 2011 Amasha signed a four-year contract with Israeli defending champion Maccabi Haifa. Amasha made his debut on 2011–12 UEFA Champions League Second qualifying round, 13 July 2011, against Borac Banja Luka and scored three goals.
International career.
After catching the eye of Israel national team manager, Luis Fernández, Amasha was thought to be on his way to making a full national team appearance. Due to changes in FIFA statutes, Amasha can not represent the full national team without acquiring an Israeli passport. On 30 November 2011, FIFA granted Amasha special permission to play without a passport for the Israel national team.

</doc>
<doc id="7005903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005903" title="Bias crime">
Bias crime



</doc>
<doc id="7005912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005912" title="Lyceum-northwestern university">
Lyceum-northwestern university



</doc>
<doc id="7005914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005914" title="John Dexter">
John Dexter

John Dexter (2 August 1925 – 23 March 1990) was an English theatre, opera and film director.
Theatre.
Born in Derby, Derbyshire, England, Dexter left school at the age of fourteen to serve in the British Army during the Second World War. Following the war, he began working as a stage actor before turning to producing and directing shows for repertory companies. In 1957, he was appointed Associate Director of the English Stage Company based at the Royal Court.
Dexter's first great success was his production of "Roots", in 1959, which brought Joan Plowright to prominence. He went on to direct "Toys in the Attic" (with Wendy Hiller, 1960) and "Saint Joan" (1963). In 1964, he was named Associate Director of the National Theatre of Great Britain, and he produced "The Royal Hunt of the Sun" (1964).
That year, he also directed "Othello", with Sir Laurence Olivier, Maggie Smith and Frank Finlay. It was considered a tremendous success. RCA recorded an audio version, and, the following year, Stuart Burge made a film of the production (now available on DVD) for BHE Films.
Dexter continued with "Hamlet" (with music by Conrad Susa, 1969), "Equus" (one of his triumphs, 1973), Trevor Griffiths's "The Party" (Lord Olivier's final stage appearance, 1973), "Phaedra Britannica" (with his friend, Diana Rigg, 1975), "The Merchant" (aka, "Shylock", 1977), "As You Like It" (with music by Harrison Birtwistle, 1979), "Life of Galileo" (with Sir Michael Gambon, 1980), "The Glass Menagerie" (with Jessica Tandy, 1983) and "Julius Caesar" (1988). His final great success was "M. Butterfly" (1988), on Broadway, and the following year, he staged "Die Dreigroschenoper" there (with Sting as Macheath), which was to be his final production.
Cinema.
Dexter's debut feature-film was "The Virgin Soldiers" (with Lynn Redgrave, 1969). His second film was "The Sidelong Glances of a Pigeon Kicker" (aka, "Pigeons", with Elaine Stritch, 1970); his third was "I Want What I Want" (1972).
For Granada Television, Dexter directed "Twelfth Night", with Sir Alec Guinness and Sir Ralph Richardson in 1969.
Opera.
Dexter made his operatic debut at the Royal Opera, Covent Garden, in 1966, with "Benvenuto Cellini", with Nicolai Gedda, and, in 1983, he staged a double-bill of "Le rossignol" (with Natalia Makarova) and "L'enfant et les sortilèges" for the company. At the Hamburg State Opera, he staged "Les vêpres siciliennes" (1969), "From the House of the Dead" (1972), "Billy Budd" (with Richard Stilwell, 1972), "Boris Godunov" (in the Shostakovich edition, 1972) and "Un ballo in maschera" (with Luciano Pavarotti and Sherrill Milnes, 1973). For Sadler's Wells, he produced "The Devils of Loudun" in 1973.
At the Metropolitan Opera (where he was Director of Production from 1974 to 1981, then Production Advisor from 1981 to 1984), Dexter mounted new productions of "Les vêpres siciliennes" (with Montserrat Caballé, 1974), "Aïda" (with Leontyne Price, 1976), "Le prophète" (with Marilyn Horne, 1977), "Dialogues des Carmélites" (1977), "Lulu" (1977), "Rigoletto" (with Cornell MacNeil and Plácido Domingo, 1977), "Billy Budd" (with Sir Peter Pears, 1978), "The Bartered Bride" (with Teresa Stratas and Jon Vickers, 1978), "Don Pasquale" (with Beverly Sills, 1978), "Don Carlos" (with Renata Scotto, 1979), "Die Entführung aus dem Serail" (with Edda Moser, later Zdzisława Donat, 1979), "Aufstieg und Fall der Stadt Mahagonny" (1979) and the triple-bills (both designed by David Hockney) of "Parade" ("Parade"/"Les mamelles de Tirésias"/"L'enfant et les sortilèges", 1981) and "Stravinsky" ("Le sacre du printemps"/"Le rossignol"/"Œdipus rex", 1981).
For the Paris Opéra, he staged "Les vêpres siciliennes" (1974) and "La forza del destino" (1975).
In Zurich, he produced "Nabucco" in 1986.
Life.
In 1978, the Hamburg-based Alfred Toepfer Foundation awarded Dexter its annual Shakespeare Prize in recognition of his life's work. John Dexter died in London during heart surgery; he had also been afflicted with poliomyelitis and diabetes. His acerbic and witty autobiography, "The Honourable Beast", was published posthumously, in which he wrote of his "Fury for perfection..."

</doc>
<doc id="7005915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005915" title="1800 - Reverse">
1800 - Reverse



</doc>
<doc id="7005921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005921" title="Ahmed Resmi Efendi">
Ahmed Resmi Efendi



</doc>
<doc id="7005923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005923" title="Bias crimes">
Bias crimes



</doc>
<doc id="7005931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005931" title="Kiss action figures">
Kiss action figures

Action figures have been an important and integral staple of the vast merchandising empire created around popular American rock band, Kiss. Kiss merchandising currently includes more than 2,000 product categories, and the limited availability of many products means that is a popular area of interest with collectors.
Mego.
The first run of Kiss action figures were produced by the Mego Corporation in 1978, with two variant editions. The first series was produced with Mego’s stock standard "skinny" bodies, while the second edition was released with muscular, more superhero-like, physiques. Paul Stanley's head was recycled from Mego's doll of the Captain from Captain and Tennille and was repainted along with rooted hair. Each figure was package separately and each came with a cardboard cutout of their respective instrument.
McFarlane.
In 1997, Kiss signed a marketing deal with McFarlane Toys. The deal included the creation of the 31 issue "" comic book series, along with, Kiss action figures based on the characters appearing in the comic series.
Kiss (Series 1, June 1997).
In the first series of action figures, each of the band members’ instruments doubles as weaponry, mirroring the "Kiss: Psycho Circus" comic series. Three different versions were released with variant packagings.
Kiss (Series 2, June 1998): "Psycho Circus".
In 1998, the second series of McFarlane figurines was released based again on the "Psycho Circus" characters, with revised sculpts to add onto the ‘super hero’ persona of each character. Each figurine also came packaged with a circus-themed figure and weapons. There were three variant editions of the “King of Beasts” cape, first a short cape, then a full-length cape and finally a fur styled cape.
Kiss (Series 3, January 1999): "Tour Edition".
In January 1999, series three was released dubbed as the "Tour Edition" figurines. These figurines were modeled from ‘true-to-life’ sculpts of each the current band members at the time, as they had generally appeared on stage during the "Psycho Circus" world tour. each figurine came with their own respective instruments. Two variants were made to the guitars featured with the Ace Frehley and Paul Stanley figurines. The first edition had both Frehley and Stanley with model Gibson Les Paul’s and the second with Flying V shaped guitars.
Kiss Special Edition (January 1999).
The Demon (Gene Simmons)
A six inch Gene Simmons special edition figurine housed in a display case was released separately from the "Psycho Circus" series. Spencer’s Gifts exclusive release.
Kiss (Series 4, September 2000): "Alive!".
Series four was released in September 2000, and each figurine was modeled from the bands "Alive!" era stage costumes circa 1976 and stood at seven inches. The figurines were sold in both separate packaging and in a boxed set. The figurines were each packaged with their respective instruments, guitar amplifiers and additional stage props. In addition, the boxed set featured battery powered stage lights, while the individual sets came with a black guitar pick.
There is an error package of The Demon (Gene Simmons) figure. The Demon figure is inside the packaging, but the cardboard backing is of Peter Criss.
Kiss Special Edition (October 2001).
A twelve inch Gene Simmons figurine was also released separately from the "Alive!" series.
Kiss Collectable Statues (March 2002).
A six-inch mini-bust of each member was released in March 2002.
Kiss (Series 5, July 2002): "Creatures".
Series 5 was released in 2002, called Kiss "Creatures". The figurines were based upon the "Unmasked" tour costumes and for the first time featured Eric Carr as the Fox. The figurines were also poseable, allowing them to be manipulated into a large variety of positions. The figurines were sold separately, or in a deluxe boxed set which featured a drum kit and battery powered stage lights. Two different variants of the Gene Simmons figurine was released, the first with blood dripping from the mouth and the second without. (Note: To date, there is no existing figure of Vinnie Vincent.)
Kiss Special Edition (August 2002).
A twelve-inch Gene Simmons figurine was also released separately from the "Creatures" series, also with the two variants.
Kiss Special Edition (March 2004).
In March 2004, a twelve-inch Gene Simmons figurine based upon the "Destroyer" was released in a special edition display case.
Love Gun Deluxe Boxed Set (August 2004).
In August 2004, a seven-figure set based on Ken Kelly's cover painting of the band's "Love Gun" album was released. It includes figurines of the four band members as appears on the album cover. The set also includes three scantily clad female groupies. The figurines were sold together in a deluxe boxed set.
Music 3-Packs (October 2005).
In October 2005, boxed-set three packs were released, each containing three different previously released versions of either Gene Simmons or Paul Stanley. The figurines displayed the evolution of the founding members costumes, as well as, McFarlane Toys renditions of them.
Figures Toy Company.
In early 2012 it was announced that, Figures Toy Company would be releasing a series of Kiss action figures, with the first series being close replicas of the 1978 Mego "Love Gun" figurines. The figurines have routed hair, cloth clothing, sixteen points of articulation, and will be available as eight inch figures as well as twelve inch. After the first series, "Sonic Boom", "Dressed to Kill" and the debut Kiss album figurines have been planned.
Love Gun Retro Action Figures (2012).
Each eight inch figure comes with a replica "Love Gun" album cover, while each twelve inch figure comes with one of four ‘retro’ miniature Kiss T-shirts.
Toy Figurines.
There have also been over the years, countless Kiss licensed and un-licensed toy figurines. This includes products such as, rubber ducks, toy robots, bobble heads, pose able figurines, lego styled children's play-sets, Be@rBricks and KuBricks, Mr. Potato Head, plush toys, and statuettes.

</doc>
<doc id="7005934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005934" title="Goce Delchev (disambiguation)">
Goce Delchev (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7005938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005938" title="Paradox Addendum (EP)">
Paradox Addendum (EP)



</doc>
<doc id="7005939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005939" title="Battle of Mang Yang Pass">
Battle of Mang Yang Pass

The Battle of Mang Yang Pass (also known as the Battle of An Khê or the Battle of Đắk Pơ) was one of the last battles of the First Indochina War between the French Union and Việt Minh which took place from 24 to 29 June 1954. The battle was one of the bloodiest defeats of the French Union forces, along with the battle of Dien Bien Phu shortly beforehand.
Background.
"Groupement Mobile No. 100" ("Group Mobile 100" or G.M. 100) was a regimental task force unit of the French Far East Expeditionary Corps which was assembled as a convoy. It included the elite veteran UN "Bataillon de Corée" who fought in the Korean War at Chipyong-ni, Wonju and Heartbreak Ridge. It had already suffered a defeat at the Siege of Đắk Đoa in February 1954. In addition, anxious to avoid a second disaster like the siege at Dien Bien Phu, the French Chief of Staff ordered G.M. 100 to abandon their isolated position in the Central Highlands. This was code named "opération Églantine".
Ambush.
On 24 June 1954, G.M. 100 received orders to abandon its defensive positions at An Khê and fall back to Pleiku, some away over Route Coloniale 19. At the road marker 'Kilometer 15' the column was ambushed by Việt Minh troops belonging to the 803rd Regiment and suffered heavy losses. The remains of G.M. 100 managed to break through the ambush. The remnants of G.M. 100, now with G.M. 42 and the 1st Airborne Group, had to drive through of Viet Minh controlled road. The column was ambushed again on 28 June and 29 at Dak Ya-Ayun by the Việt Minh 108th Regiment, suffering heavy losses. The survivors finally reached Pleiku the following day.
In five days of fighting, G.M. 100 lost 85 percent of its vehicles, all of its artillery, 68 percent of its signal equipment and half of its crew-served weapons. The Headquarters Company had only 84 men left out of an original 222. The 43rd Colonial and the 1st and the 2nd Korea Battalions, which numbered about 834 men each, were now mustered at roll call with 452, 497, and 345 men respectively. The 2nd Group of the 10th Colonial Artillery, reduced to fighting as infantry after the loss of all of their guns, had shrunk from 475 men to 215 men during the fighting. Colonel Barrou and several men were taken as prisoners of war. The Việt Minh 96th Regiment suffered more than 100 killed in comparison.
Aftermath.
On 29 June the remains of 1st Korea Battalion was ordered to take part in Operation Myosotis to open Route Coloniale 14 between Pleiku and Ban Mê Thuột which was over 96 kilometers away. On 17 July the column was ambushed at Chu Dreh Pass by local units of the Việt Minh 96th Regiment. When the survivors finally arrived at Ban Mê Thuột the following day, there were only 107 men remaining out of 452, of those 53 were wounded, in addition a further 47 vehicles were lost.
Three days after the ambush at Chu-Dreh the Geneva agreements were signed. On 1 August an armistice went into effect.
Order of battle.
French Union forces.
The G.M.s (Groupement Mobile) were designed as self-sustaining motorized regimental task force unit modelled on the U.S. Army's World War II regimental combat teams. The G.M.s typically consisted of three infantry battalions with one artillery battalion, along with elements of light armor or tanks, engineer, signal and medical assets, totaling 3,000–3,500 soldiers.
Units in the G.M.100 included:
Việt Minh forces.
The Việt Minh 96th Regiment included:
In popular culture.
The opening scene of the movie "We Were Soldiers" – about the Ia Drang valley battle in Nov. 1965 – alludes to the destruction of "Groupement Mobile 100". The US troops started out of An Khê as well, where they had established Camp Radcliff.
The battle is referred to in the novel "Incident at Muc Wa" and depicted, but not identified, in its movie adaptation "Go Tell the Spartans".

</doc>
<doc id="7005944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005944" title="Gemelli hospital">
Gemelli hospital



</doc>
<doc id="7005954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005954" title="Mr. Goodwrench">
Mr. Goodwrench



</doc>
<doc id="7005957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005957" title="Yagyū Shinkage Ryū">
Yagyū Shinkage Ryū



</doc>
<doc id="7005965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005965" title="Domestic analogy">
Domestic analogy

Domestic analogy is an international affairs term coined by Professor Hedley Bull. Domestic analogy is the idea that states are like a "society of individuals". The analogy makes the presumption that relations between individuals and relations between states are the same. The domestic analogy is used when aggression is explained as the international equivalent of armed robbery or murder. A person can look at international affairs like a society of people, except there is no police, and every conflict threatens the structure as a whole with collapse.
In his famous book "Just and Unjust Wars", Michael Walzer uses the term to explain what is a just and unjust war.

</doc>
<doc id="7005970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005970" title="Hudson Foods Company">
Hudson Foods Company

Hudson Foods, Inc. was a meat processing company founded in Rogers, Arkansas in 1972.
History.
Hudson Foods was founded on February 2, 1972 by James T. "Red" Hudson, who previously worked as a feed-store clerk for Ralston Purina before becoming vice president of the company's West Central division and had purchased part of the company's broiler operations.
In 1997, the company was the subject of the largest food recall in the United States at the time, with over 25 million pounds of ground beef produced at the company's plant in Columbus, Nebraska recalled due to contamination. The affected plant was closed indefinitely following the recall and the discovery that the company would carry beef produced from one day over to the next.
Following the recall, Tyson Foods acquired Hudson Foods, which then merged into the company on September 4, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="7005971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005971" title="World cup 2008">
World cup 2008



</doc>
<doc id="7005990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005990" title="E-mail bombing">
E-mail bombing



</doc>
<doc id="7005992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005992" title="NBBC">
NBBC

NBBC (the National Broadband Company) was a marketplace for digital video syndication. It connected owners of digital video content (content licensors) with owners of websites that wanted video content (distributors). The marketplace generated revenue by selling advertising against content and sharing the income amongst content licensors and distributors.
A joint venture of NBC Universal and NBC's broadcast affiliates, NBBC's charter launch partners included NBC owned-and-operated stations and affiliates, other NBC Universal properties such as USA Network and Bravo, and external partners such as A&amp;E Networks, HowStuffWorks.com, "The Washington Post" and the Post's "Newsweek" magazine.
On July 3, 2007, NBC shut down NBBC in order to concentrate its web activities on Hulu, its joint venture with News Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="7005997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005997" title="Central Salt and Marine Chemicals Research Institute">
Central Salt and Marine Chemicals Research Institute

Central Salt and Marine Chemicals Research Institute (formerly Central Salt Research Institute) is a constituent laboratory of the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), India. The institute was inaugurated by Jawahar Lal Nehru on 10 April 1954 at Bhavnagar, in Gujarat.
External links.
1. About CSMCRI

</doc>
<doc id="7005998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7005998" title="Wyalusing Trail">
Wyalusing Trail



</doc>
<doc id="7006001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006001" title="Na Klang, Nakhon Ratchasima">
Na Klang, Nakhon Ratchasima

Na Klang (, ) is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Sung Noen District, in Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. In 2017 it had a total population of 6,880 people.
Administration.
Central administration.
The "tambon" is subdivided into 9 administrative villages ("muban").
Local administration.
The area of the subdistrict is shared by 2 local governments.

</doc>
<doc id="7006003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006003" title="Deer Creek Public Schools">
Deer Creek Public Schools

Deer Creek School District serves students in northwestern Oklahoma County and southwestern Logan County in Oklahoma. As of April 2025, the district enrolls 7,921 students.
There are eight schools in the district: Deer Creek High School, Deer Creek Middle School, Deer Creek Intermediate School, Deer Creek Elementary School, Prairie Vale Elementary School, Rose Union Elementary School, Grove Valley Elementary School, and Spring Creek Elementary School.
History.
The Deer Creek School District was established in 1926. "Deer Creek" is a growing community sprawling over the border between Oklahoma County and Logan County. It is named for the nearby Deer Creek, which snakes through much of the district and occasionally causes the schools to close by flooding during times of heavy rains.
This region of Oklahoma was part of the Unassigned Lands and was settled during the Oklahoma Land Run of 1889. Before the land run began, the area was surveyed into sections by the federal Public Land Survey System, with each section measuring by one mile, and divided evenly into homesteads, called quarter-sections. Sections were organized into larger entities, called townships, that consisted of 36 numbered sections. Following a pattern set during the settling of the Northwest Territories in 1787, the Organic Act dedicated section No. 16 for the support of public schools. In the Deer Creek Public School District, both northern quarters and the southwestern quarter were sold to raise funds to build the school. The first school was built on the southeast quarter-section, at what is now called N. MacArthur Boulevard and W. 206th Street in the unincorporated part of Oklahoma County.
During the Great Depression, the federal Works Project Administration built a one-story, red-brick school at the far southeastern corner of this quarter-section. This building included a half-court basketball gymnasium, about a dozen classrooms, and a small library. A gymnasium and separate cafeteria were added later. The buildings have since been demolished, but the trees that surrounded the building are still present, and part of the building's brick façade is used on the entrance to the high school's auditorium.
Boundary.
Within Oklahoma County, the district includes parts of Edmond and Oklahoma City. The district extends into Logan County, in which Guthrie extends into it. Additionally, it extends into Canadian County.
Schools.
Since the early 1980s, the district has expanded considerably due to exurban sprawl. It now has five elementary schools, none of which are at the original location. Prairie Vale Elementary School was the first school built away from the original site. It is near the western border of the City of Edmond and on the border of northwest Oklahoma City. Deer Creek Elementary moved several miles south and serves primarily students living in the Memorial and MacArthur area of Oklahoma City. Rose Union is northeast of the original site and draws students from the largest section of the school district. Grove Valley covers the NW 192nd and Portland (Highway 74) area. In the 2008–2009 school year, the four elementary schools enrolled a total of 1,850 students in grades pre-K through 5. A fifth elementary, Spring Creek Elementary, opened in August 2013 and is located off of Rockwell and 150th.
High School.
Deer Creek High School (DCHS) is located in northern Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, north of Oklahoma City and west of Edmond on the northwest corner of NW 206th Street and MacArthur Boulevard. The high school has dramatically expanded over the past half-decade. The high school facilities include a two-story annex, a freshman academy, Alumni Hall, the old gym, a PAAC (Performing Arts &amp; Athletic Center), a multi-sport complex, and a new football stadium.
Awards.
Deer Creek High School, Deer Creek Middle School, Deer Creek Elementary School, Grove Valley Elementary School, and Prairie Vale Elementary School are Blue Ribbon Schools.
Sports.
All schools in this district have the same mascot, the "Deer Creek Antlers".
Construction.
The current high school building began in the early 1980s as the two short arms (originally intended to form an X shape) that point northeast and southeast on the east face of the classroom building. Since then, it has been expanded several times, more than tripling its original size to accommodate the rapidly growing student body.
On February 8, 2022, two new bonds were approved that gave the district a total of $138,110,000. These bonds have been used to build the under construction Knight Ridge Elementary School and the new under construction Middle School. The bonds have also been used to expand the cafeterias and kitchens at Deer Creek and Prairie Vale Elementary School.

</doc>
<doc id="7006004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006004" title="Jaime Ortega">
Jaime Ortega



</doc>
<doc id="7006005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006005" title="Tabor (Morocco)">
Tabor (Morocco)

Tabor was the designation given to an irregular unit of indigenous infantry and cavalry recruited in Morocco during the period of French and Spanish intervention and occupation (1908–56).
A tabor was a formation of three or four "goums". A "goum" in this case was the Moroccan equivalent to a company, and a tabor would thereby be equivalent to a battalion. Larger "groups of tabors", equivalent to regiments or brigades, were also employed.
French Morocco.
While the use of "goum"s as tribal irregulars goes back to the beginning of the 20th century, additional tabors were created by the French during World War II as a display of power because the Germans, after having overrun France, limited the size of their military forces. One way of getting around these restrictions was the creation of auxiliary colonial forces (i.e. "tabors") nominally for internal security duties. These Moroccan units would later go on to fight in North Africa once Operation Torch began and in the fight for Sicily (Operation Husky) and Mainland Italy, notably at the Fourth Battle of Monte Cassino. The 4th Tabor of Goums were used in the Fight for Troina in central Sicily.
Spanish Morocco.
The "Regulares" of the Spanish Army were organized into infantry tabors (battalions) and cavalry tabors (squadrons).
The Tiradores de Ifni was also organized in tabors but the also mobilized a "bandera".

</doc>
<doc id="7006008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006008" title="Žirje, Croatia">
Žirje, Croatia

Žirje () is an island and a settlement in the Croatian part of the Adriatic Sea. It is situated in the Šibenik archipelago, about southwest of Šibenik, which makes it the most remote permanently inhabited island in the Šibenik archipelago. Its area is 15.08 km2, and it has a population of 103 (2011 census). Its population is steadily decreasing (720 residents in 1953, 207 residents in 1981, and 124 residents in 2001).
The island is composed of two limestone ridges. Nestled between them is a fertile valley. The vegetation of the island is mainly composed of maquis shrubland, with some farm land in the central parts of the island. Main industries are agriculture (grapes, olives, plums, figs and sour cherries) and fishing. Fish are abundant in the waters around Žirje. Tourism on Žirje has remained largely undeveloped in comparison to the other islands in the Croatian Adriatic.
In the 12th and 13th centuries the island was defended by fortresses and walls constructed on the foundations of an earlier Byzantine fortress from the 6th century. Due to its use by the Yugoslav People's Army, the southern and south-western parts of the island were off limits to the islanders and visitors for nearly half a century.
The ferry port on the island provides a link to the county seat Šibenik via the D128 route.
Demographics.
In 2021, its population was 147.

</doc>
<doc id="7006011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006011" title="Romeo Challenger">
Romeo Challenger

Romeo Alexander Challenger (born 19 May 1950) is an Antiguan-born English musician. He has been the drummer for the rock band Showaddywaddy since 1973 and seminal progressive rock band Black Widow.
Biography.
Challenger was born 19 May 1950 in St. John's, Antigua, British Leeward Islands. In 1955, he moved with his family to England. He began playing the drums as a teenager in the mid-1960s.
He played in several groups, including progressive rock/hard rock band Black Widow in the early 1970s. In 1973, he became one of two drummers (The other being Malcolm Allured) for the rock and roll band Showaddywaddy. Showaddywaddy had ten singles reach the top ten of the UK Singles Chart, including the 1976 number-one "Under the Moon of Love".
Challenger played in the Leicester Boys' football team with Peter Shilton and Jeff Blockley, who both went on to enjoy professional careers.
Challenger is the father of high jumper Ben Challenger, who won a silver medal in the 1998 Commonwealth Games, and a bronze medal four years later; and Tamzin Challenger, a musician best known for her material with bassline producer T2.

</doc>
<doc id="7006017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006017" title="Neoceratopia">
Neoceratopia



</doc>
<doc id="7006023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006023" title="Žirje">
Žirje

Žirje can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006027" title="Hill Prince">
Hill Prince

Hill Prince (1947–1970) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was one of the leading American two-year-olds of 1949, alongside Oil Capitol and Middleground. In 1950, he ran fifteen times, winning races including the Preakness Stakes, Wood Memorial Stakes, Withers Stakes, American Derby, Jockey Club Gold Cup, Jerome Handicap and Sunset Handicap and being named American Horse of the Year. Hill Prince raced for two further seasons and had some success despite a number of injuries and training problems. He later became a moderately successful breeding stallion.
Background.
Hill Prince was a bay horse sired by Princequillo, a leading racehorse who became a highly successful breeding stallion. Hill Prince was one of his first crop of foals. His dam Hildene went on to produce First Landing, the American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt of 1958. The colt was bred in at his owner Christopher Chenery's Meadow Farm stud near Doswell, Virginia. Hill Prince was trained for Chenery by J. H. "Casey" Hayes.
Racing career.
1949: two-year-old season.
At age two Hill Prince won six of the first seven races he entered, his only defeat coming when he failed to recover from a poor start in the Sapling Stakes. At Aqueduct Race Track in September he won the Cowdin Stakes to establish himself as one of the season's leading juveniles, coming from last place on a muddy track to win by two and a half lengths from Selector in a track record time of 1:16.6. At the end of the year he was voted American Champion Two-Year-Old Colt, in the "Daily Racing Form" poll. In the rival "Turf and Sport Digest" poll he was narrowly defeated by Oil Capitol, while Middleground was top-rated in the Experimental Free Handicap.
1950: three-year-old season.
From the start of the 1950 season, Hill Prince was regarded as one of the main contenders for the Triple Crown races, along with Oil Capitol, Middleground, and the Californian colt Your Host. On his seasonal debut he won the Experimental Handicap No. 1 at Jamaica, leading to him being promoted to challenge Oil Capitol as Derby favorite. Two weeks later, however, he finished ninth behind lightly weighted Lotowhite in the Experimental Handicap No. 2 at the same track. Less than a week after this effort, Hill Prince re-established his position at the head of the Derby contenders with a two-length win over a strong field, including Middleground, in the Wood Memorial.
Ridden by Eddie Arcaro in the Kentucky Derby, Hill Prince finished second to Middleground. A week after his defeat in the Derby, Hill Prince reversed the form with Middleground when beating the Derby winner by one and a half lengths in the Withers Stakes at Belmont. Following this victory, Hill Prince started favorite for the Preakness Stakes and recorded a decisive win over Middleground, drawing away in the straight to win by five lengths from the "Texas Terror" in front of a crowd of 30,000. Shortly after his win in the Preakness, Hill Prince was matched against older horses in the Suburban Handicap and finished third to Loser Weeper, having reportedly bled from his nostrils at the finish. In the Belmont Stakes Hill Prince fought Eddie Arcaro's attempts to restrain him and took the lead in the early stages but tired badly towards the finish and finished seventh to Middleground.
Later in June, Hill Prince started favorite for the Dwyer Stakes and led by three lengths entering the straight, but was overtaken in the closing stages and beaten one and a half lengths by Greek Song. In August, Hill Prince faced a field including Your Host in the American Derby and displayed "blistering speed" in the last six furlongs to win by one and a half lengths from All Blue. In September, he won the Jerome Handicap. As usual, he was towards the back of the field in the early stages before producing a "sensational" run to take the lead in the straight and win easily. In the Jockey Club Gold Cup over two miles at Belmont in October, Hill Prince established his position as the best horse in America as he "cakewalked" to a four length victory over the Irish-bred Noor. In November, Hill Prince was sent to California to take on Your Host on the latter's home ground in the Thanksgiving Day Handicap and was beaten in a photo finish in front of "40,000 howling fans". Hill Prince stayed in California for his last two starts of the year: he finished third to Noor in the Hollywood Gold Cup and then won the Sunset Handicap, coming from the back of the field to overtake the champion filly Next Move in the closing stages. At the end of the season, Hill Prince was selected as Horse of the Year in all three major polls ("Daily Racing Form", Thoroughbred Racing Association, "Turf and Sport Digest").
1951-1952: later career.
In January 1951, Hill Prince sustained a broken bone in his right hind leg when being prepared for the Santa Anita Maturity and was forced to miss the first eight months of the season. In September, he returned to run third in an allowance race at Aqueduct Race Track and then carried top weight to a five length victory in the New York Handicap at Belmont. In the following month Hill Prince failed to repeat his win in the Jockey Club Gold Cup when he was caught close to the finish and narrowly beaten by Counterpoint. A week later, Hill Prince again finished fourth to Call Over in the Trenton Handicap. Hill Prince's performances were still good enough to be voted 1951's Handicap Horse of the Year in the "Daily Racing Form" and Thoroughbred Racing Association polls. The "Turf and Sport Digest" award was won by Citation.
As a five-year-old, Hill Prince won the San Marcos Handicap at Santa Anita in February, but finished fifth when favorite for the Santa Anita Handicap. Subsequent examinations revealed "filling" in the horse's right foreleg and Hill Prince was retired to stud.
Stud record.
Hill Prince stood at the Claiborne Farm where he sired twenty-three stakes race winners including the 1957 American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly Bayou as well as Coaching Club American Oaks winner Levee and the Gardenia Stakes winner Pepperwood. He was more important as a sire of broodmares and was the damsire of Hall of Fame horses, Shuvee and Dark Mirage. Hill Prince died in 1970 and was interred at the Meadow Stud, next to Sun Beau.
In 1991 Hill Prince was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="7006029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006029" title="AlT">
AlT



</doc>
<doc id="7006035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006035" title="White-spotted Izak">
White-spotted Izak

The white-spotted Izak or African spotted catshark (Holohalaelurus punctatus) is a species of shark belonging to the family Pentanchidae, the deepwater catsharks. It is found in the western Indian Ocean off the coasts of Natal, South Africa, southern Mozambique, Madagascar, Kenya, and Tanzania between latitudes 4° S and 37° S, at depths of between 220 and 440 m. It can grow up to 35 cm in length.
Taxonomy.
The white-spotted Izak or African spotted Catshark is classified under the genus Holohalaelurus, and belongs to the species H.punctatus. They have two scientific names that are considered synonyms and they are Holohalaelurus polystigma (Regan, 1921), and Scylliorhinus punctatus Gilchrist, 1914.
Most commonly referred to as the African Spotted Catshark, resides along the upper continental slope at depths of 220–420 m off South Africa, southern Mozambique, and Madagascar in the Western Indian Ocean. They are small sharks only getting to 34 cm in length. Adult males in this species tend to grow larger than females which is a rare occurrence in shark species.
Physical appearance.
Male sharks range between 24 and 33 cm long and female sharks range between 22 and 24 cm long. The longest ever recorded ever was 34 cm long. Their shorter bodies hold dermal denticles in the middle of the back, and consist of a broad head with a short snout. They have a large mouth with different variations of the amount of teeth based on male or female. They also hold a long and slender tail.
Habitat and ecology.
The H.punctatus is native to the upper continental slope ranging from Madagascar, Mozambique, and South Africa in the Western Indian Ocean. They can be found at depths of 220m to 420m. They reach adult hood around 9 years old and have a life expectancy of 21 years. Their diet consist of small bony fish, crustaceans, and cephalopods. The female reproduction is oviparous with eggs being laid in pairs. Other than that their reproductive status is much unknown including their reproductive periodicity.
Conservation.
Currently there are no conservation organizations that are actively protecting the sharks. There is a small number of Marine Protected Area (MPAs) in the region in which the species lives. Even though this does not directly involve the African spotted catshark, it can provide it some protection. Until more information about population, life expectancy, and catch rates is discovered there is not likely to be conservation efforts.
Threats.
The main threat to the African Spotted Catshark is deep-water demersal trawl fisheries. These operations occur at depths of 100–600 meters well within the range depth of the sharks. As of record there have been 2 to 3 vessels that carry out these operations at one time which occur around 1,000 times a year. There is information on these operations but there are no reliable information on what fish have been caught. Another issue is that the fishing pressure in Madagascar is increasing and getting more intense. pollution in the area is also impacting the environment in a negative context and damaging their habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="7006036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006036" title="Standard Temperature">
Standard Temperature



</doc>
<doc id="7006043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006043" title="Sucha Beskidzka County">
Sucha Beskidzka County



</doc>
<doc id="7006046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006046" title="Holohalaelurus punctatus">
Holohalaelurus punctatus



</doc>
<doc id="7006048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006048" title="0800REVERSE">
0800REVERSE



</doc>
<doc id="7006050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006050" title="Joppa, Cornwall">
Joppa, Cornwall

Joppa (from , meaning "workshop") is a farmstead settlement in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated approximately one mile (1.6 km) southeast of Hayle and is in Hayle civil parish.

</doc>
<doc id="7006052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006052" title="Gregory Chioniades">
Gregory Chioniades

Gregory Chioniades (; c. 1240 – c. 1320) was a Byzantine Greek astronomer. He traveled to Persia, where he learned Persian mathematical and astronomical science, which he introduced into Byzantium upon his return from Persia and founded an astronomical academy at Trebizond. Chioniades also served as Orthodox bishop in Tabriz.
Biography.
Information about Chioniades survives from some contemporary sources. In 1347, George Chrysokokkes wrote that 
He was born in Constantinople, probably around 1240, and was originally named George. Sixteen of Chioniades' letters have survived, which confirm that he received assistance from Alexios II and traveled to Persia. Chioniades translated a number of Arabic and Persian works on mathematics and astronomy, including the astronomical tables of his teacher Shams al-Din al-Bukhari, who had worked at the famous Maragheh observatory under the polymath Nasir al-Din al-Tusi. Chioniades played an important role in transmitting several innovations from the Islamic world to Europe. These include the introduction of the universal latitude-independent astrolabe to Europe and a Greek description of the Tusi couple, which would later have an influence on Copernican heliocentrism. Chioniades also translated several "Zij" treatises into Greek, including the Persian "Zij-i Ilkhani" by al-Tusi and the Maragheh observatory as well as the Seljuk "Sanjaric Tables" by al-Khazini, an Islamic astronomer of Byzantine Greek descent.
Chioniades resided in Tabriz, at the time the Mongol capital, from 1295 to 1296, serving as the Orthodox bishop to the Orthodox community in that city, and later returned to Constantinople. In 1302 he returned to Tabriz as bishop. According to David Pingree, this may have been in connection with Andronikos II Palaiologos's attempt to form an alliance with Ghazan Khan in the summer of 1302.
He stayed at Tabriz at least until 1310, before returning to Trebizond, where he is attested as a hieromonk around 1315. Chioniades also wrote religious works, including a commentary on John of Damascus, a liturgy on St. Eugenios of Trebizond, and a profession of faith.

</doc>
<doc id="7006056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006056" title="Jim Tucker (journalist)">
Jim Tucker (journalist)

James P. Tucker, Jr. (December 31, 1934 – April 26, 2013), also known as Big Jim Tucker, was an American journalist and author of "Jim Tucker's Bilderberg Diary" who began to focus on the Bilderberg Group in 1975.
Tucker has been described as a "veteran Bilderberg observer", "the doyen of Bilderberg hunters", as "an oddball Washington journalist", and as a "right-wing conspiracy investigator". Tucker died from complications due to a fall, according to his obituary.
Career.
Journalism.
Tucker was a sports journalist with a newspaper in Washington from 1975 until his death.
Tucker started writing for the populist newspaper "The Spotlight" in 1975, and continued as a contributor until its closure in 2001. Shortly after the paper's closure, Tucker and many former "Spotlight" employees founded the similarly toned American Free Press.
Bilderberg Group.
1990s.
Tucker said he was able to write the "advance story" on the downfall of Margaret Thatcher and, later, about the rise of Bill Clinton when he attended the Bilderberg meeting at Baden-Baden in Germany in 1991. He said Thatcher was removed from office because she "didn't like it [the one meeting of the Bilderbergs she attended]" and that as a result they "replaced her" with a trapeze artist from the same party". According to Tucker's "close paraphrasing" of a conversation some years later, Thatcher told him it was "a tribute to be denounced by them" at a function in Washington. Thatcher actually attended at least three Bilderberg meetings.
Tucker's efforts to infiltrate the 1999 Bilderberg meeting at the Hotel Caesar Park in Sintra, Portugal were chronicled by British reporter Jon Ronson in his book, ' and broadcast as part of Channel 4's "The Secret Rulers of the World" series. Tucker told Ronson "They exist and they're not playing pinochle in there".
2000s.
In 2005, Tucker wrote "Jim Tucker's Bilderberg Diary" published by the American Free Press where he was an editor, a book chronicling his thirty-plus years of exposing the Bilderberg Group.
After the 2006 Bilderberg meeting in Ottawa Tucker claimed that he "was able to report that in the year ahead many hundreds of thousands of American home owners would lose their homes". Tucker said another person present remarked "the stupid jerks deserve it" while another responded to the comment by saying "That's awful cruel".
Tucker is featured prominently in a film made by radio host Alex Jones, "Endgame: Blueprint for Global Enslavement" (2007), which partially deals with the 2006 Bilderberg conference at the Brookstreet Hotel in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. Both Tucker and Jones are featured in the documentary film, "New World Order" (2009). Charlie Skelton encountered him in 2009 while researching that year's Bilderberg.

</doc>
<doc id="7006058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006058" title="Joppa, England">
Joppa, England



</doc>
<doc id="7006059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006059" title="Iesous">
Iesous



</doc>
<doc id="7006074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006074" title="Francisco Javier García Fernández">
Francisco Javier García Fernández



</doc>
<doc id="7006079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006079" title="RMB Chivenor">
RMB Chivenor



</doc>
<doc id="7006088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006088" title="Womens Royal Air Force">
Womens Royal Air Force



</doc>
<doc id="7006089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006089" title="Masbia">
Masbia

Masbia (, lit., "satiate") is a network of kosher soup kitchens in New York City. Its three locations in the Brooklyn neighborhoods of Borough Park and Midwood, as well as the Queens neighborhood of Rego Park, serve over 500 free, hot kosher meals nightly. Masbia is the only free soup kitchen serving kosher meals in New York City. The organization receives 10% of its budget from government aid, relying heavily on private donations of money and food to meet its $2 million annual operating budget.
Name.
The Hebrew name "Masbia" comes from a verse in the Book of Psalms: ""Poteach es yadecha u'masbia l'chol chai ratzon" – You open Your hand and satisfy the desires of every living thing" ().
History.
Mordechai Mandelbaum, a Hasidic Jewish resident of Brooklyn, donated the seed money for the first restaurant in Borough Park in 2005. He and co-founder Alexander Rapaport, another member of the Brooklyn Hasidic community, were aware of many families who had fallen on hard times and were struggling with the high costs of rent and tuition. Back in 2003, a report by the Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty had shown that 30% of Brooklyn Jews were living at or below the poverty line. Mandelbaum proposed the idea of feeding Jewish families in a more "formal, systematic way" through a free kosher restaurant which would be supported by others in the community who were still well-off. Masbia was set up as a restaurant in order not to humiliate singles and families who were unused to eating in a soup kitchen. Many Masbia patrons are men from the Hasidic community, for whom poverty is a cultural sign of shame.
The Borough Park restaurant opened in April 2005 in a converted railroad apartment. On opening night, the staff prepared 25 meals and only eight people showed up. Six months later, 120 patrons were frequenting the restaurant nightly. The restaurant's logo, a tent with openings on all four sides, recalls the tent of Abraham, the Jewish paragon of hospitality whose tent was open to all comers.
Beginning in 2009, the worsening recession prompted the Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty to ally with Masbia, resulting in the opening of additional free restaurants in Williamsburg (opened November 2009), Midwood (opened November 2009), and Rego Park, Queens (opened March 2010). The new locations increased Masbia's overall patronage by 300%. In fiscal year 2010–2011, Masbia served 82,292 meals, a 50% increase over the previous year. In fiscal year 2012–2013, nearly 450,000 meals were served. In 2013 the Williamsburg location closed due to funding shortfalls and lack of customers.
Operations.
Masbia serves over 500 meals nightly in Brooklyn and Queens. Rain or snow usually decreases the nightly patronage to about 400 diners, while Thursday nights can see up to 600 diners.
The dining rooms, open Sunday through Thursday from 4:00 to 9:00 p.m., have an upscale look, with polished wood floors, cloth-covered tables, and wall paintings. Food is served on trays by waiters. Artificial plants, screens or curtains, depending on the location, shield tables for privacy. The three-course meals include chicken, a starch, vegetables, fruit, bread and a hot drink. For example, the menu in Queens one night was vegetable soup, roasted chicken, mashed potatoes, corn on the cob, watermelon, apples, rolls, and hot tea. One night a year, on the "yahrtzeit" of the Kerestir Rebbe, Rabbi Yeshayah Steiner (d. 1925), who was known for feeding the hungry, steak is served. Meals are always meat-based except during The Nine Days, when Masbia serves fish dishes. Masbia also schedules a Seder on the first two nights of Passover which draw around 40 participants each.
Food for all the restaurants is prepared fresh daily at the Midwood location on Coney Island Boulevard, a former restaurant with a large commercial kitchen. The paid kitchen staff consists of a chef and helper; up to 25 volunteers assist them. The menu is largely dependent on the produce and foodstuffs that are donated that day; during periods when the same vegetable, such as carrots, is all that is available, the cook will vary the menu by preparing it sweet one day, salty the next. Day-old produce and leftovers from outside catered events, such as weddings, are not accepted, so as to uphold the dignity of patrons. Leftovers from the meals themselves are frozen in containers and handed out on Thursdays for patrons to take home for their Shabbat meals. This food package program, begun in the 2010–2011 fiscal year, has seen the distribution of 68,522 take-home meals.
Fundraising.
The organization's $2 million budget is partially covered by city and state aid and mostly acquired through donations. In addition to soliciting monetary donations, Masbia has a corps of volunteers who collect donated food throughout the city. Beginning in summer 2010, Masbia began collecting weekly donations of fresh produce from the Food Bank For New York City and New York City Harvest, and unsold produce from farmers markets in Boro Park and Windsor Terrace. During the Nine Days, 2,500 portions of fish are donated to Masbia by the Dagim company.
Recalling a tradition in the European shtetl for families to sponsor a meal for the poor on the day of their child's wedding, Masbia encourages couples and their parents to sponsor meals – at $6 a plate – at Masbia on the night before or the night of their wedding. Several Rebbes from Boro Park and Williamsburg have sponsored and also hosted the meal for the poor at Masbia on the night before their child's wedding, including the Kosover Rebbe, the Satmar Rebbe, the Bobover Rebbe, the Spinker Rebbe, and the Faltishaner Rebbe; the latter was joined by his son, the groom.
Masbia solicits endorsements from well-known Orthodox Jewish personalities to aid in its fundraising. These include bestselling kosher cookbook author Susie Fishbein, who in 2010 launched a "Book Dinner at Masbia" campaign offering a free cookbook for every $120 donation and in 2013 donated new tables and chairs for the restaurants; Hasidic celebrity Lipa Schmeltzer, who volunteered to help serve on steak night; and artist Jodi Reznik, who donated her paintings to decorate the walls of the restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="7006091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006091" title="Lachenalia">
Lachenalia

Lachenalia is a genus of bulbous perennial plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae, which are usually found in Namibia and South Africa. Most of them have a dormancy period, but new roots will always grow every year.
"Lachenalia" is named after the Swiss botanist Werner de Lachenal (1736-1800). Species are sometimes known as Cape cowslip, though they are not even somewhat related to the true cowslip "Primula veris".
Species.
, the "Plants of the World Online" accepted 136 species:
In addition, "Lachenalia nordenstamii" was listed as "threatened" in the 2006 IUCN Red List, but the name was not accepted by the "World Checklist of Selected Plant Families".
Cultivation.
Several species are cultivated as garden plants. The following have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.

</doc>
<doc id="7006092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006092" title="Joppa, South Ayrshire">
Joppa, South Ayrshire

Joppa is a former hamlet in South Ayrshire, Scotland, about which now forms the eastern portion of the built-up part of Coylton, situated about east of Belston, on the A70 road.
Its houses stood in isolation – with the separate hamlets then known as 'Coylton' (nowadays Low Coylton, with little more than a farm, the Coylton Arms pub and the old church cemetery) situated to the south-east, and 'New Coylton' (now referred to as Hillhead, including the replacement parish church) further to the east along the main road – until the mid 20th century, when housebuilding immediately to the north-west in the Arthurston area of the parish led to Joppa becoming part of an expanding Coylton locality from then on.
Footballer Archie Hunter was born in Joppa in 1859.
Lochend Loch lies above Joppa near to Lochend Farm and Gallowhill.

</doc>
<doc id="7006093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006093" title="Judique North, Nova Scotia">
Judique North, Nova Scotia



</doc>
<doc id="7006096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006096" title="Harrisburg Expressway">
Harrisburg Expressway



</doc>
<doc id="7006098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006098" title="Antonio Adán Garrido">
Antonio Adán Garrido



</doc>
<doc id="7006101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006101" title="Leftover hash lemma">
Leftover hash lemma

The leftover hash lemma is a lemma in cryptography first stated by Russell Impagliazzo, Leonid Levin, and Michael Luby.
Given a secret key that has uniform random bits, of which an adversary was able to learn the values of some bits of that key, the leftover hash lemma states that it is possible to produce a key of about bits, over which the adversary has almost no knowledge, without knowing which are known to the adversary. Since the adversary knows all but bits, this is almost optimal.
More precisely, the leftover hash lemma states that it is possible to extract a length asymptotic to formula_1 (the min-entropy of ) bits from a random variable ) that are almost uniformly distributed. In other words, an adversary who has some partial knowledge about , will have almost no knowledge about the extracted value. This is also known as privacy amplification (see privacy amplification section in the article Quantum key distribution).
Randomness extractors achieve the same result, but use (normally) less randomness.
Let be a random variable over formula_2 and let formula_3. Let formula_4 be a 2-universal hash function. If 
then for uniform over formula_6 and independent of , we have: 
where is uniform over formula_8 and independent of .
formula_9 is the min-entropy of , which measures the amount of randomness has. The min-entropy is always less than or equal to the Shannon entropy. Note that formula_10 is the probability of correctly guessing . (The best guess is to guess the most probable value.) Therefore, the min-entropy measures how difficult it is to guess .
formula_11 is a statistical distance between and .

</doc>
<doc id="7006104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006104" title="Michael Blakemore">
Michael Blakemore

Michael Howell Blakemore AO OBE (18 June 1928 – 10 December 2023) was an Australian actor, writer and theatre director who also made some films. A former Associate Director of the National Theatre, in 2000 he became the only individual to win Tony Awards for Best Director of a Play and Musical in the same year for "Copenhagen" and "Kiss Me, Kate".
Biography.
Early life and career.
Michael Howell Blakemore was born in Sydney, the son of Conrad Howell Blakemore, an eye surgeon, and his wife, Una Mary Litchfield. He married English actress Shirley Bush. Blakemore was educated at The King's School, Sydney, and went on to study medicine at the University of Sydney but failed his examinations.
Blakemore's first job in the theatre was as a press agent for Robert Morley during the Australian tour of "Edward, My Son", who advised him to try drama school. In 1950 he came to London, enrolled at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and trained as an actor until 1952. He made his first professional stage appearance in 1952 at the Theatre Royal, Huddersfield, as the doctor in "The Barretts of Wimpole Street".
Blakemore then worked for several years in repertory including Birmingham Repertory Company, Bristol and Coventry, and made his first London appearance at the Princes Theatre in March 1958 as Jack Poyntz in the musical play "School". He also played small parts at Stratford in the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre's 1959 season. It was at the latter that he met and worked with Laurence Olivier and Peter Hall.
Turns to directing.
Blakemore appeared in two seasons at the Open Air Theatre, Regent's Park, playing Sir Toby Belch in "Twelfth Night" and Holofernes in "Love's Labour's Lost" in 1962; Dogberry in "Much Ado About Nothing" and Theseus in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" in 1963. At the Comedy Theatre in December 1963 he played Badger in "Toad of Toad Hall", then toured Australia as Palmer Anderson in "A Severed Head". He joined the Glasgow Citizens 1966–67, where his parts included George in "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" and Maitland in "Inadmissible Evidence". During this period and after acting for some 15 years, Blakemore decided that his true calling was in directing. For the Citizens' Theatre in Glasgow he directed "The Investigation", "Little Malcolm", "Stephen D" and "Nightmare Abbey" in 1966; and "The Strange Case of Martin Richter", "The Visions of Simone Machard", "A Choice of Wars" and "Rosmersholm" in 1967. He became its Co-Artistic Director in 1968 and had great success with Peter Nichols "A Day in the Death of Joe Egg" in 1967, accompanying the play on its moves to London that year and to Broadway in 1968, earning his first Tony nomination for directing.
Blakemore was dialogue director on the 1965 film "Catch Us If You Can".
National Theatre.
In 1969 Blakemore joined the National Theatre at the Old Vic to direct "The National Health" by Peter Nichols. He later directed Laurence Olivier in Eugene O'Neill's "Long Day's Journey into Night" (1971). In 1970, as the National Theatre began a slow, and much delayed, transition from the Old Vic premises to the multi-stage South Bank site, Blakemore was invited by Laurence Olivier to become one of two Associate Directors. Since Olivier had already suffered from medical crises that were a feature of the last quarter of his life, the question of eventual succession as Artistic Director was obviously in the background. Blakemore felt he was a probable candidate, and indeed, according to Olivier's biographer Philip Ziegler, he was highly favoured.
But in 1973 the Board of the National Theatre appointed Peter Hall without consulting Olivier. Blakemore wrote:
Blakemore and Hall had been rivals during the 1959 season at the Royal Shakespeare Company when Hall had directed Blakemore as an actor and both had had a great romantic interest in Vanessa Redgrave. Blakemore became one of ten associate directors forming what was called a planning committee. Blakemore and Hall's rivalry was dramatised when Blakemore presented a formal manifesto to the committee recommending reform. The committee refused to discuss the manifesto and Blakemore was eventually forced to resign when his salary was stopped without warning or explanation. His other productions included "Tyger" by Adrian Mitchell, co-directed with John Dexter (1971), "The Front Page" by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur (1972), "Macbeth" (1972), "The Cherry Orchard" (translated by Ronald Hingley, 1973), "Grand Manoeuvres" (1974), "Engaged" by W. S. Gilbert (1975), and "Plunder" by Ben Travers (1976).
Later career.
In 1977 he joined the Royal Shakespeare Company to direct Peter Nichols' "Privates on Parade". He became resident director of the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith in 1980, where he directed Michael Frayn's "Make and Break", opening on 12 March, starring Leonard Rossiter and Prunella Scales, and which in a revised version transferred on 24 April to the Theatre Royal Haymarket. This was followed in October 1980 by Ibsen's "The Wild Duck" in a new translation by Ronald Hingley; and in February 1982 by the world premiere of Frayn's "Noises Off" before its transfer to the Savoy Theatre.
His association with playwright Michael Frayn, which began at the Lyric Hammersmith with "Make and Break" (1980) and "Noises Off" (1982), continued with Frayn's "Benefactors" (Vaudeville, 1984), Frayn's translation of "Uncle Vanya" (Vaudeville, 1988), and his original plays, "Here" (Donmar Warehouse, 1993) and "Now You Know" (Hampstead, 1995). In 1980, Blakemore was invited to direct a series of four plays at the newly reconstructed Lyric Theatre (Hammersmith) by Artistic Director Bill Thomley. The Board made it known that they were looking for a new Artistic Director, and Blakemore decided to put his name forward. However, the job went to Peter James.
After an absence of many years, Blakemore returned to the National to direct Frayn's play "Copenhagen" in May 1998, before its transfer to the Duchess Theatre in February 1999. This was followed by "Alarms and Excursions" (Gielgud, September 1998), "Democracy" (National, Cottesloe, September 2003; Wyndham's, April 2004), and "Afterlife" (National, Lyttelton, June 2008).
In addition to his work in the subsidised theatre, Blakemore has directed many productions in the West End and on Broadway, including Noël Coward's "Design for Living" with Vanessa Redgrave (1973), David Hare's first play, "Knuckle" (1974), Peter Shaffer's "Lettice and Lovage" with Maggie Smith and Margaret Tyzack (1987), the musical "City of Angels" by Larry Gelbart, Cy Coleman and David Zippel (1989) and Arthur Miller's "The Ride Down Mt. Morgan" (1991).
In 1995 he directed the off-Broadway production of "Death Defying Acts", composed of three one-act plays ("Central Park West" by Woody Allen, "The Interview" by David Mamet and "Hotline" by Elaine May). Also Coleman's "The Life" (1997), the revival of "Kiss Me, Kate" (1999), "Embers" by Christopher Hampton, with Jeremy Irons at the Duke of York's Theatre in London (March 2006) and, on Broadway, "Deuce" by Terrence McNally (April 2007) starring Angela Lansbury and Marian Seldes . Blakemore's production of "Is He Dead?", a comic play by Mark Twain, never previously produced, opened on Broadway in November 2007 with a run of 105 performances . In 2014 Blakemore directed Angela Lansbury once more, in the critically acclaimed West End production of "Blithe Spirit". His most recent production was the London premiere of 'The Life', staged at the Southwark Playhouse in 2017, starring Sharon D Clarke.
Film.
Blakemore directed and scripted the documentary, "A Personal History of the Australian Surf: The Confessions of a Straight Poofter" (1981), in which he appeared as himself. Tom Milne, reviewing it for the "Time Out Film Guide", described the film as, "basically a home movie in which theatre director Blakemore traces his graduation from Bondi Beach to National Theatre." He followed with the film version of "Privates on Parade" (1982) featuring Denis Quilley and John Cleese. In 1994, Blakemore wrote and directed "Country Life". In this adaptation of Chekhov's "Uncle Vanya", transferred to an Australian setting, he also played the role of Alexander who has left the London literary scene to return to his roots. The film received five nominations from the Australian Film Institute and was entered into the 19th Moscow International Film Festival.
Death.
Michael Blakemore died on 10 December 2023 at the age of 95 following a short illness.

</doc>
<doc id="7006108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006108" title="Koryu">
Koryu



</doc>
<doc id="7006111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006111" title="Hal R. Varian">
Hal R. Varian



</doc>
<doc id="7006113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006113" title="My Way (Akufen album)">
My Way (Akufen album)

My Way is the debut studio album by Akufen, an alias of electronic musician Marc Leclair. The album was released by Force Inc. Records on May 14, 2002. The album has over 2000 samples of radio feed on it.
Critical reception.
Andy Kellman of AllMusic described the album as "a terrifically delightful, upbeat record, tipsy with buoyant basslines, swooning textures, and unorthodox hooks." Olli Siebelt of BBC said, ""My Way" manages to walk a fine line between full-on commercial sensibility and left-field experimentation and yet somehow pulls off both simultaneously with no compromise on either side."
The album was listed on "The Wire"s "2002 Rewind" list. It was named the 12th best album of the decade by "Resident Advisor". In 2015, it was named the 81st greatest dance album of all time by "Thump".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the original edition's liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="7006115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006115" title="Jarrell Plantation">
Jarrell Plantation

The Jarrell Plantation State Historic Site is a former cotton plantation and state historic site in Juliette, Georgia, United States. Founded as a forced-labor farm worked by John Jarrell and the African American people he enslaved, the site stands today as one of the best-preserved examples of a "middle class" Southern plantation. The Jarrell Plantation's buildings and artifacts all came from the Jarrell family, who farmed the land for over 140 years. Located in the red clay hills of the Georgia piedmont, It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is a Georgia state park in Jones County.
History.
Before the Civil War, John Jarrell's farm was one of the half-million cotton farms in the South that collectively produced two-thirds of the world's cotton. Like many small planters, John Jarrell benefited from the development of the cotton gin in 1793 by Eli Whitney, which made it practical to cultivate heavily seeded, short-staple cotton even in hilly, inland areas of Georgia.
John Fitz Jarrell built the first permanent structure on the site in 1847. Typical of antebellum cotton plantations, John Jarrell ran the farm with his family and the forced labor of enslaved Africans. By 1860, Jarrell was enslaving 39 people to work his farm. Although primarily a cotton plantation, the farm also provided food crops and grazing for livestock. During the turbulent decade of the 1860s, the farm survived a typhoid fever outbreak, Sherman's March to the Sea, emancipation, and Reconstruction. After the Civil War, John Jarrell continued to farm with the help of formerly enslaved people and he increased the farm to nearly . The formerly enslaved people began leaving the farm in John Jarrell's final years.
After John's death in 1884 one of John's sons, Benjamin Richard "Dick" Jarrell, gave up a teaching career to return home and build his family home in 1895. Although the farm had been processing sugarcane since 1864, Dick Jarrell expanded the industrialization of the farm by adding a mill complex that eventually included a steam-driven sawmill, cotton gin, gristmill, shingle mill, and planer. In 1920, with the labor of his five sons and two nephews, Dick Jarrell completed a second home, fit for his large family. This house is a , 1850s-style home built of heart pine.
In 1974, Dick Jarrell's nine surviving adult children donated the plantation site to the State of Georgia for the preservation of the farm and the education of future generations about their heritage. The State of Georgia's Department of Natural Resources operates the now historic site and opens it to the public Thursday through Sunday. The site's buildings and structures include the farmhouse, a sawmill, cotton gin, gristmill, shingle mill, planer, sugar cane press, syrup evaporator, workshop, barn and outbuildings.

</doc>
<doc id="7006120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006120" title="Joppa, Scotland">
Joppa, Scotland

Joppa, Scotland may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006124" title="1800REVERSE">
1800REVERSE



</doc>
<doc id="7006131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006131" title="Balthazar Armas">
Balthazar Armas

Balthazar Armas (Caracas, Venezuela, 1941 – 2015) is considered one of the pioneers of the contemporary figurative art movement in Latin America, where the industrial and urban influences in his paintings make them both approachable and distinctive. His most recent work exhibits a postmodern influence, reflected in the presence of social narratives, indigenism, and social criticism. His most recent series, "Andé Andé" (2003), "Botánica" (2007), and "Sobre el Vuelo" (2007), convey the energy and mysticism of the people and environments of Latin American cultures.
Born in Caracas, Venezuela, he began as a self-taught artist in the 1950s and participated in the experimental theater movement at the Academy of Dramatic Art Carmen Antillano in Caracas. He later studied at the Neumann Institute of Graphic Arts and the Center for Graphic Studies (CEGRA) with a focus on engraving. Balthazar's first solo exhibitions date back to 1966, and he has since participated in numerous design, engraving, and art exhibitions across Latin America, Europe, and the United States, including at MOKA Gallery in Chicago, Illinois.
His awards and recognitions includes the Pratt Institute, Havana biennial, IE in Norway, Library of Congress, Art Museum of the Americas in Washington D.C, IE Gracovia, Poland, Premio "Braulio Salazar" Salón de Artes Arturo Michelena, Venezuela, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="7006134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006134" title="Razoff">
Razoff



</doc>
<doc id="7006137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006137" title="Joppa, Ayr">
Joppa, Ayr



</doc>
<doc id="7006138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006138" title="Prostitute (Toyah Willcox album)">
Prostitute (Toyah Willcox album)

Prostitute is the third solo album by British singer Toyah Willcox, released in 1988 by E.G. Records.
Background.
It is a concept album, highly experimental in nature, marking a considerable divergence from Toyah's previous works. It was inspired particularly by the scrutiny her recent marriage to Robert Fripp was under in the press, which made her feel that she "had gone from all-powerful artist to invisible woman". The material was written and recorded only by Toyah and Steve Sidelnyc in a space of a few weeks. It is presented as a continuous piece of music, although a time-code programme has been provided to enable the listener to access a particular title. To accommodate the two-sided format of the LP and cassette releases, side one – subtitled "Lie Down" – contains the first seven titles, and side two – subtitled "Think of England" – contains the rest of the album. The cover photo comes from Stuart Brisley's performance "The Game" (1969). The album reportedly cost £10,000 to make.
No singles were drawn from the album. Toyah performed the album live on the 1988 tour with the band Fripp Fripp (which would later change the name to Sunday All Over the World). In 1991, "Prostitute" was nominated to a NAIRD Indie Award in the Women's Music category.
In May 2003, the album was reissued on Toyah's own record label, Vertical Species, together with its follow-up, "Ophelia's Shadow". This edition came with a new cover art and extensive liner notes. In 2020, it was re-released with the original cover as part of the "Toyah Solo" box set, and subsequently also on yellow vinyl.

</doc>
<doc id="7006139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006139" title="Arthur Goodhart">
Arthur Goodhart

Arthur Goodhart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006151" title="Tambour (lute)">
Tambour (lute)



</doc>
<doc id="7006153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006153" title="Daredevil (Album)">
Daredevil (Album)



</doc>
<doc id="7006156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006156" title="Matrox Graphics eXpansion Modules">
Matrox Graphics eXpansion Modules

Matrox Graphics eXpansion Module (GXM) supports the use of multiple monitors over a single video source by splitting the output of a video source, providing an enlarged workspace or gaming environment. GXM is not a graphics card itself, and in fact requires a fairly powerful graphics card for playing games on multiple monitors.
While most modern graphics cards have support for dual monitors and can expand a desktop across three screens, 3D games were generally limited to a single monitor. The GXM uses the standard Extended Display Identification Data (EDID) structure to communicate its capabilities to the graphics card just as a monitor does. However, the GXM's resolution includes all pixels in the three monitors. If the TripleHead2Go were hooked up to three monitors with 800×600 resolution, the TripleHead2Go would report itself as a single monitor with 2400×600 resolution. The graphics card then sends out a 2400×600 signal which the TripleHead2Go divides and distributes to the appropriate monitors.
TripleHead2Go.
The TripleHead2Go supports 3 displays at the output, and has maximum resolution of 3840×1024@60 Hz (1280×1024 each). The low 60 Hz refresh rate is used in all except 3072x768 resolution which makes it unsuitable for CRT monitors (however, the severity of flickering perceived by viewers depend on other factors).
TripleHead2Go Digital Edition.
The TripleHead2Go Digital Edition supports DVI-I output. The maximum resolution was originally 3840×1024@60 Hz (1280×1024 each), but on August 5, 2008 Matrox announced the support for new widescreen resolution, with a maximum resolution of 5040×1050@57 Hz (1680×1050 each).
DualHead2Go.
It is similar to TripleHead2Go, except it supports only 2 displays. When setting output to 1024x768 per display, the refresh rate can be set up to 85 Hz. It has maximum resolution of 2560×1024@60 Hz (1280×1024 each). It was later renamed to "DualHead2Go Analog Edition".
DualHead2Go Digital Edition.
Compared to original DualHead2Go, this one supports DVI-I output by converting input signal to digital, but it still supports analog output. It has maximum resolution of 3840×1200@60 Hz (1920×1200 each).
Gaming.
As of 2006, the Matrox TripleHead2Go was the only consumer level device which allows 3D gaming across three monitors with an expanded field of view (FOV). Very few games directly supported playing at these large resolutions, although many can be tweaked to run on the TripleHead2Go. Matrox maintains a compatibility list of games and provides a Surround Gaming Utility to automatically adjust the game settings to run on three monitors. Some problems remain with distortions to the user interface and geometric distortions at the edges of the display since the games weren't written with such a wide FOV in mind.
In 2009, AMD/ATI released its Radeon HD 5000 series which included an AMD Eyefinity-branded display controllers. These display controllers allow users to use 3 or more monitors on a single video card, using at least one display port on the back of the card.

</doc>
<doc id="7006157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006157" title="Charlie Colombo">
Charlie Colombo

Charles Martin Colombo (July 20, 1920 – May 7, 1986) was an American soccer player who earned 11 caps as center-half for the United States men's national soccer team. He is a member of the National Soccer Hall of Fame. He also played for the United States at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Born and raised in The Hill area of St. Louis, Missouri, Colombo played professionally for St. Louis Simpkins-Ford, winning National Challenge Cup medals with them in 1948 and 1950. He was known as "Gloves" because he always wore gloves when he played, regardless of the weather.
Colombo played for the U.S. team from 1948 to 1952, including the 1–0 upset victory over England in the 1950 FIFA World Cup, in which his foul against Blackpool forward Stanley Mortensen in the second half gave England the chance to tie the game. The header from the resulting free kick came very close to scoring a goal, but was saved by goalkeeper Frank Borghi at the last second.
The day after U.S. victory, Colombo was offered an opportunity to play professional soccer in Brazil, but he turned it down and returned to his St. Louis club team. He later became the coach of the St. Louis Ambrose team.
He is buried in Old Saints Peter and Paul Catholic Cemetery, in St Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="7006159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006159" title="Sami Swoi">
Sami Swoi

Sami swoi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006160" title="Willy–Nicky correspondence">
Willy–Nicky correspondence

The Willy–Nicky correspondence was a series of letters and telegrams relayed between Wilhelm II, German Emperor, and Nicholas II, Emperor of Russia during the first months of the First World War.
Context and background.
Wilhelm II and Nicholas II were third cousins (both were great-great-grandsons of Paul I of Russia) as well as being second cousins once removed (both were descended from Frederick William III of Prussia). Wilhelm was also a first cousin of Nicholas's wife, Alix of Hesse, and the eldest grandson of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom. Nicholas was a grandson of King Christian IX of Denmark and a nephew of Queen Alexandra, consort of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom, as his mother, the Empress Maria Feodorovna, was Queen Alexandra's sister.
The two emperors corresponded in English and were accustomed to calling each other "Willy" and "Nicky" but would use their counterparts' formal names in formal communications.
Letters.
The Willy-Nicky letters consist of 75 messages Wilhelm sent to Nicholas between 8 November 1894 (Letter I) and 26 March 1914 (Letter LXXV). The majority were sent from Berlin or the "Neues Palais" in Potsdam, and others from places as diverse as Rominten, Coburg, Letzlingen, Wilhelmshöhe, Kiel, Posen, Pillau, Gaeta, Corfu (where Wilhelm had a summer retreat), Stamboul, and Damascus. Discovered in the Russian archives in Petrograd, they were transcribed by Russian-American journalist Isaac Don Levine and published in 1920 as "Letters from the Kaiser to the Tsar: Copied from government archives in Petrograd unpublished before 1920" (New York: Frederick A. Stokes, 1920).
Telegrams.
The Willy-Nicky telegrams consist of a series of ten messages wired between Wilhelm and Nicholas on 29, 30 and 31 July and 1 August 1914. Their source is "The German White Book", a pamphlet of official documents published to justify the German government's position after the outbreak of war. The term "Willy-Nicky Telegrams" is derived from "The Willy-Nicky Correspondence", the title of a book by Herman Bernstein published in 1918 which revealed the personal telegraphic correspondence between the two emperors during the period of June 1904 to August 1907.
The telegrams start with a plea from Nicholas to Wilhelm to try to stop the serious developments that led up to World War I. An excerpt (29 July 1914, 1 a.m.):
Ultimately, the correspondence changes tone and the two leaders warn each other of impending mobilisation due to factors out of their control, while retaining the notion that mobilisation does not mean war. An excerpt of the last telegram (1 August 1914):
Representatives of belligerent nations discussed the telegrams during the war, during the Paris Peace Conference, and on into the interwar years, and beyond. In recent years academic historians have reassessed the exchange. They paid special attention to the telegram of Nicholas dated July 29, 1914, 8:20 p.m.:
In this telegram, on 29 July 1914, Nicholas suggested submitting the Austro-Serbian problem to the Hague Conference (in the Hague tribunal) – Wilhelm did not address this in his subsequent telegram. According to James M. Beck, the German Foreign Office omitted this telegram in publishing the correspondence between Wilhelm and Nicholas. After the publication of this telegram by the Russian government on 31 January 1915 in the Official Gazette "Governmental Herald", the German Foreign Office explained that they regarded this telegram as too "unimportant". In contrast, the Russian Foreign Ministry (Sergey Sazonov), as well as the French Ambassador in Russia (Maurice Paléologue) believed the telegram was very important. Paléologue, Beck, and some other authors accused Wilhelm in that he had not supported the proposal of Nicholas to submit the Austro-Serbian problem to the Hague Tribunal for adjustment, and thus abandoned the chance for a peaceful resolution to this problem.
A "flurry of telegrams" between Wilhelm and Nicholas led to the cancellation of Russian general mobilisation by the latter on 29 July, but under pressure from Sazonov this was resumed two days later, and on 1 August 1914, both Germany and Russia found themselves at war.

</doc>
<doc id="7006161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006161" title="Gongki">
Gongki



</doc>
<doc id="7006163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006163" title="Tambour (disambiguation)">
Tambour (disambiguation)

Tambour (French language: "drum", from Arabic "tunbur" "lute, drum", Persian "tabir" "drum") can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006165" title="Chickering">
Chickering

Chickering may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006166" title="Green–Tao theorem">
Green–Tao theorem

In number theory, the Green–Tao theorem, proven by Ben Green and Terence Tao in 2004, states that the sequence of prime numbers contains arbitrarily long arithmetic progressions. In other words, for every natural number formula_1, there exist arithmetic progressions of primes with formula_1 terms. The proof is an extension of Szemerédi's theorem. The problem can be traced back to investigations of Lagrange and Waring from around 1770.
Statement.
Let formula_3 denote the number of primes less than or equal to formula_4. If formula_5 is a subset of the prime numbers such that
then for all positive integers formula_1, the set formula_5 contains infinitely many arithmetic progressions of length formula_1. In particular, the entire set of prime numbers contains arbitrarily long arithmetic progressions.
In their later work on the generalized Hardy–Littlewood conjecture, Green and Tao stated and conditionally proved the asymptotic formula
for the number of "k" tuples of primes formula_11 in arithmetic progression. Here, formula_12 is the constant
The result was made unconditional by Green–Tao and Green–Tao–Ziegler.
Overview of the proof.
Green and Tao's proof has three main components:
Numerous simplifications to the argument in the original paper have been found. provide a modern exposition of the proof.
Numerical work.
The proof of the Green–Tao theorem does not show how to find the arithmetic progressions of primes; it merely proves they exist. There has been separate computational work to find large arithmetic progressions in the primes.
The Green–Tao paper states 'At the time of writing the longest known arithmetic progression of primes is of length 23, and was found in 2004 by Markus Frind, Paul Underwood, and Paul Jobling: 56211383760397 + 44546738095860 · "k"; "k" = 0, 1, . . ., 22.'.
On January 18, 2007, Jarosław Wróblewski found the first known case of 24 primes in arithmetic progression:
The constant 223,092,870 here is the product of the prime numbers up to 23, more compactly written 23# in primorial notation.
On May 17, 2008, Wróblewski and Raanan Chermoni found the first known case of 25 primes:
On April 12, 2010, Benoît Perichon with software by Wróblewski and Geoff Reynolds in a distributed PrimeGrid project found the first known case of 26 primes :
In September 2019 Rob Gahan and PrimeGrid found the first known case of 27 primes :
Extensions and generalizations.
Many of the extensions of Szemerédi's theorem hold for the primes as well.
Independently, Tao and Ziegler and Cook, Magyar, and Titichetrakun derived a multidimensional generalization of the Green–Tao theorem. The Tao–Ziegler proof was also simplified by Fox and Zhao.
In 2006, Tao and Ziegler extended the Green–Tao theorem to cover polynomial progressions. More precisely, given any integer-valued polynomials formula_14 in one unknown formula_15 all with constant term 0, there are infinitely many integers formula_16 such that formula_17 are simultaneously prime. The special case when the polynomials are formula_18 implies the previous result that there arithmetic progressions of primes of length formula_1.
Tao proved an analogue of the Green–Tao theorem for the Gaussian primes.

</doc>
<doc id="7006169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006169" title="Jolly's Bottom">
Jolly's Bottom

Jolly's Bottom is in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is situated approximately a half mile (1 km) north of Chacewater and straddles the main line railway.
The settlement is in Chacewater civil parish and the births and burials from Jolly's Bottom residents are recorded in the Parish Registers. The name Jolly's Bottom may have originated from a landholding by the Jolly family.

</doc>
<doc id="7006170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006170" title="No One Rides for Free (Album)">
No One Rides for Free (Album)



</doc>
<doc id="7006178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006178" title="Jordonhill">
Jordonhill



</doc>
<doc id="7006180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006180" title="Bukit Bintang Girls' School">
Bukit Bintang Girls' School

Bukit Bintang Girls' School (abbreviated BBGS) established in 1893 with Miss Betty Langlands teaching girls to read in Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Formerly known as the Chinese Girls' School, BBGS gained its name after moving to its premises on Bukit Bintang Road in 1930. BBGS was the oldest school in Kuala Lumpur, surpassing Victoria Institution and Methodist Girls' School Kuala Lumpur (1896), Methodist Boys' School Kuala Lumpur (1897), Convent Bukit Nanas (1899) and as well St. John's Institution, Kuala Lumpur.
In 2000, the school changed its name to Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Seri Bintang Utara (SBU). It was moved to a new location at Taman Shamelin Perkasa, Cheras and was established as one of the first Smart Schools in Malaysia. The BBGS landmark on Bukit Bintang Road was demolished to build Pavilion KL, a commercial site in Kuala Lumpur.
School song.
The school song is adapted from a hymn (Presbyterian Hymnal) entitled "Land of Our Birth" after the Second World War. In 1989, Miss Yeo Kim Eng, a former student and teacher of Bukit Bintang Girl School, translated the lyrics into the country's national language, Bahasa Melayu.
Sport houses.
The school consists of five sports houses. The sports houses compete against each other on sports day. The houses are named after the headmistresses of BBGS.

</doc>
<doc id="7006193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006193" title="Bob Perry">
Bob Perry



</doc>
<doc id="7006197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006197" title="Politics of the Dundee City council area">
Politics of the Dundee City council area



</doc>
<doc id="7006199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006199" title="Yagyū Jūbei">
Yagyū Jūbei



</doc>
<doc id="7006213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006213" title="1800 Mum Dad">
1800 Mum Dad



</doc>
<doc id="7006218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006218" title="Integrated Anti-Swimmer System">
Integrated Anti-Swimmer System



</doc>
<doc id="7006220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006220" title="Privacy amplification">
Privacy amplification



</doc>
<doc id="7006223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006223" title="Richard Madaleno">
Richard Madaleno

Richard Stuart Madaleno Jr., commonly known as Rich Madaleno (born June 16, 1965), is an American politician from Maryland. A Democrat, he was a member of the Maryland State Senate, representing the state's 18th district in Montgomery County, which includes Wheaton and Kensington, as well as parts of Silver Spring, Bethesda and Chevy Chase. Madaleno served as chair of the Montgomery County Senate Delegation from 2008 to 2011. He previously served four years in the House of Delegates.
On July 17, 2017, Madaleno ran for the Democratic nomination for the 2018 Maryland gubernatorial election.
Background.
Growing up in Silver Spring, Madaleno was educated at Montgomery County public schools and Georgetown Preparatory School. He then went to Syracuse University where he earned a Bachelor of Arts in 1987 and a Master of Public Administration in 1989.
On leaving university, Madaleno began his career in Maryland government, working first for the Maryland General Assembly's Department of Fiscal Services, which provides staff support to Senators and Delegates. During this time, he was appointed Senior Analyst for the House Appropriations Committee. In 1995, he was hired by then-Montgomery County Executive Doug Duncan to work for Montgomery County's Office of Intergovernmental Relations. He served in that capacity until his election to the House of Delegates in 2002. He is considered an expert in the state budget process and serves on the Senate Budget and Taxation Committee.
Elective office.
In 2002, he won one of three seats representing Maryland's 18th district in the House of Delegates. He placed second, out of seven candidates, in the Democratic primary election in September 2002 and, along with his two fellow Democratic nominees, faced no Republican opponents in the general election.
In April 2006, incumbent district 18 senator Sharon Grosfeld announced that she would not be running for re-election. Madaleno decided to seek the Senate seat and quickly established himself as the leading candidate. Indeed, he attracted no primary opponents whatsoever and faced only nominal Republican opposition in November. His was the only open Senate seat in the whole of Maryland that did not see a primary contest. In the general election, he defeated his Republican opponent by more than three-to-one.
Legislative notes.
In the Maryland Senate, Madaleno led efforts to advance legislation important to LGBT Marylanders. In 2009, he was the lead sponsor of the Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Protection Act, which would have legalized same-sex marriage. Although that version of the bill was never voted on, Maryland legalized same-sex marriage three years later. Also in 2009, he successfully sponsored legislation with his colleague, Senator James N. Robey, to eliminate the inheritance tax paid by domestic partners on jointly owned primary residences. The legislation became law in July 2009. In 2014 he successfully sponsored a bill to make discrimination against transgender people illegal in housing, employment, and public accommodations. In 2018, he introduced legislation to protect young people from the dangers of conversion therapy.
In 2007, Madaleno sponsored legislation to increase the value of the Maryland Refundable Earned Income Tax Credit, an anti-poverty tool. During a special session later that year, the measure was incorporated into a larger tax bill and became law. In addition, he helped close a tax loophole that was costing Maryland roughly $10 million a year by passing legislation that stops a common business practice of artificially lowering taxable profits by paying rent, a deductible business expense, to shell companies controlled by the same parent company.
Madaleno co-sponsored the law requiring equal pay for equal work. In 2017, when federal funding for Planned Parenthood was under threat, he sponsored the law ensuring that funding for Planned Parenthood clinics in Maryland would continue. Madaleno co-sponsored a bill to allow counties to enact public financing for county elections. Madaleno co-sponsored a bill to increase the number of early-voting centers, and he fought attempts by Republicans to close early voting centers in populous areas of Montgomery County.
Madaleno has led efforts to improve public education and worked for equitable distribution of funding to public schools throughout Maryland. Madaleno authored the Hunger-Free Schools Act of 2017; as a result, qualified students across Maryland now receive free breakfast and lunch. Madaleno co-sponsored legislation expanding eligibility for tax credits for college savings and for those saddled with student loan debt, as well as a "tuition freeze" for Maryland college students from 2007 to 2010. "The Washington Post" credits Madaleno with helping to keep college affordable in Maryland.
Madaleno co-sponsored the law implementing the Affordable Care Act in Maryland; a 2017 law against price gouging by generic drug manufacturers; the Firearms Safety Act of 2013, which bans assault weapons and high-capacity magazines; a number of environmental regulations, including a ban on fracking; and legislation to improve public transit. In 2017, Madaleno worked with Maryland's congressional delegation to restore federal funding for programs that protect the Chesapeake Bay.
Candidacy for governor.
In May 2017, Madaleno declared his candidacy to be Governor of Maryland. In February 2018, Madaleno announced that his running mate was business executive and former O'Malley appointee Luwanda Jenkins. Madaleno would have been the first Italian-American and the first openly gay governor of Maryland. Madaleno made history by publishing the first ever US political TV ad featuring a candidate kissing their same-sex spouse.
In the June 2018 primary, Madaleno finished in fifth place for the Democratic nomination, which was won by Ben Jealous.
Montgomery County government.
In November 2018, it was announced that Madaleno would be nominated to serve as budget director for Montgomery County Executive Marc Elrich.
Personal.
Madaleno was the first person to be elected to the General Assembly as an openly gay candidate. He is also the first openly gay Maryland state senator. Along with Delegates Maggie McIntosh, Anne Kaiser, Heather Mizeur, Peter Murphy, Mary Washington, Bonnie Cullison, Luke Clippinger and Meagan Simonaire he formed part of the nine-strong gay grouping in the Maryland General Assembly. His election campaigns have won the support of the Gay &amp; Lesbian Victory Fund.
Madaleno is a member of Cedar Lane Unitarian Universalist Church, where he has chaired the Social Justice Council and taught Sunday School.
He and his husband, Mark, have two children. They are Kensington homeowners.

</doc>
<doc id="7006226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006226" title="Neven Sesardić">
Neven Sesardić

Neven Sesardić (born 30 July 1949) is a Croatian philosopher known for his writings on heritability who worked most of his career as a professor at Lingnan University in Hong Kong.
Life and career.
He grew up in communist Yugoslavia. From 1977 to 1983 he worked as a lecturer at the University of Zagreb, and, from then, until 1989 he was assistant professor at the same university. In the 1980s he was listed as an "internal enemy" of the Yugoslav regime.
From 1989 to 1991 he was fellow of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation at the University of Giessen. From 1991 to 1992 he worked as a Fellow of the Center for Interdisciplinary Research at the University of Bielefeld. The following two years (1992–94) he spent as an associate professor of philosophy at the University of Zagreb. The following academic year, 1994–1995, he worked as a visiting professor at the University of Notre Dame, while the following year (1995–96) he became an NSF Research Fellow at the University of Minnesota. Following that, in 1996 he became professor of philosophy at the Miyazaki International College, Japan, where he worked until 1999 when he was appointed research fellow at King's College London. From 2000 until 2006, he worked as an associate professor of philosophy at the Lingnan University, Hong Kong. From 2006 to 2015, he worked as a professor of philosophy at the Lingnan University. In 2015, he retired from Lingnan University.
He is a member of the American Philosophical Association (APA), the Croatian Philosophical Association, and the Philosophy of Science Association.
Publishing under a pseudonym.
In 2008, Sesardić published a paper "Guilt by Statistical Association: Revisiting the Prosecutor's Fallacy and the Interrogator's Fallacy" in "The Journal of Philosophy" under the pseudonym "Carmen de Macedo". He revealed his authorship in 2011, writing that he submitted the article under a pseudonym because the journal did not have a practice of double-blind peer review. The journal had changed its policy in 2010. After philosopher M. V. Dougherty wrote to the "Journal", they published a corrigendum in 2017 acknowledging that de Macedo's name was a pseudonym, and that Sesardić was the actual author.

</doc>
<doc id="7006235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006235" title="Auto Racing Club of America">
Auto Racing Club of America



</doc>
<doc id="7006239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006239" title="Strip Club (Let It Ride)">
Strip Club (Let It Ride)



</doc>
<doc id="7006246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006246" title="Mozingo Lake Golf Course">
Mozingo Lake Golf Course

The Mozingo Lake Golf Course is a 7,137 yard long, 18-hole municipal golf course on the banks of Mozingo Lake in Nodaway County, Missouri.
The course was designed by Donald Sechrest and opened in 1995 with PGA Golf Professional Rick Schultz. It is a par 72 course and has a rating of 73.5 and a slope rating of 134 on Rye grass. It is owned by the city of Maryville, Missouri. According to the city website, Golf Digest and USA Today call it the "best course to play in the state of Missouri for under $50."
The signature hole is #8, a 170-yard, par 3, requiring a tee shot over a pond to the green.
In 2016 a Junior 9 golf course designed by Tom Watson opened.

</doc>
<doc id="7006249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006249" title="Harper Road, PEI">
Harper Road, PEI



</doc>
<doc id="7006253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006253" title="Carol Jantsch">
Carol Jantsch

Carolyn Mae "Carol" Jantsch (born on March 8, 1985) is an American tuba player. She is the daughter of a medical doctor and a Kenyon College vocal-music teacher, Nancy Jantsch. She began to study piano at age 6, and the euphonium at age 9. She took up the tuba in seventh grade.
Life and career.
Jantsch graduated from Interlochen Arts Academy boarding high school in 2002, and is a 2006 graduate of the University of Michigan. While attending university, Jantsch auditioned for the New York Philharmonic and The Philadelphia Orchestra. She was a semi-finalist for the New York tuba position. She won the Philadelphia position of Principal Tuba in February 2006, appointed by music director Christoph Eschenbach. She assumed the chair, full-time, with the 2006–2007 concert season. Jantsch is the youngest member of the Orchestra and is, according to National Public Radio, the first woman to hold a Principal Tuba chair among major orchestras in the United States.
In addition to the Orchestra, Ms. Jantsch also teaches at Yale School of Music.
Jantsch is also a noted Ultimate frisbee player, and won a tuba throwing competition.
Awards and solo competitions.
She has won:

</doc>
<doc id="7006254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006254" title="Rich Madaleno">
Rich Madaleno



</doc>
<doc id="7006255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006255" title="Kawasaki Z1000">
Kawasaki Z1000

The Kawasaki Z1000 is a four-cylinder motorcycle introduced in 2003 with streetfighter or standard styling. The Z1000 was first introduced in 1977 superseding the previous 903 cc capacity Z1/Z900.
History.
Kawasaki introduced the Z1 (900) motorcycle in 1972 as the first of the Kawasaki Z series, with four cylinders, dual overhead camshafts and , followed by a 1015 cc version designated Z1000. 
In 2003 Kawasaki introduced a completely revamped 30-year anniversary edition of the Z1000. It used a modified engine from the Kawasaki ZX-9R, and was bored out by 2.2 mm resulting in bigger displacement, more low-RPM torque, and only a slight power loss of 4 bhp from the original ZX9. In 2004, Kawasaki released the Z1000's smaller brother, the Z750. In 2007, Kawasaki released a new Z1000.
In October 2009, Kawasaki unveiled the 2010 Z1000. It had a new aluminum frame, digital instrument panel, bodywork, and engine. Bore and stroke are 77 x 56 mm, 1 mm more than the ZX-10R's 76 x 55 mm displacing 1,043 cc. That is up from the previous model's 953 cc. Compression ratio is 11.8:1, and fuel injection is handled by a bank of 38-mm Keihin throttle bodies.
2003–2006 models.
Stylistically, the 2003 Z1000 was a departure from other naked sportbikes of the time. The Z1000 used the same tail section that was being used on the 2003 ZX6R 636 cc sport bike. 
It has a 4-2-4 exhaust system. The Z1000 uses a backbone frame that supports the engine as a stressed member. Engine mounts can be removed to ease access for maintenance. Compression damping is done on one fork leg, rebound damping on the other. This technology is from dirt bikes, and is rare on street motorcycles. The Nissin brakes have four piston calipers.
2007–2009 models.
In 2007 Kawasaki released an updated version of the Z1000. The bike features a detuned version of the ZX-9R engine. This detuning, in addition to the design of the exhaust, provides less top end compared to the super-sport ZX-9R engine, but more low to mid rpm range.
2010–2013 models.
The Z1000 was redesigned for 2010. Along with the customary styling update came a slightly larger capacity engine. The motorcycle was officially marketed as the "Z1000 ABS", as ABS came fitted as standard.
In 2013 Kawasaki broke with the 3-year update cycle and choose to release a "special edition" – alongside the standard edition – to mark the 40th anniversary of the Z brand. The differences between the models were purely aesthetic.
2014–2016 models.
The Z1000 was restyled and updated for 2014, making slightly more power; and front brake caliper are 4-piston monoblock. Also a big piston Showa separate function fork along with lighter wheels and a slightly larger gas tank.

</doc>
<doc id="7006257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006257" title="Alberto Bueno">
Alberto Bueno

Alberto Bueno Calvo (; born 20 March 1988) is a Spanish former professional footballer. He operated mainly as a forward, but could also appear as a left winger.
After starting out at Real Madrid, he went on to represent mainly Valladolid and Rayo Vallecano, amassing La Liga totals of 164 matches and 36 goals over seven seasons. He also played in England, Portugal and Greece.
Bueno earned 28 caps for Spain at youth level all categories comprised, scoring 19 goals.
Club career.
Real Madrid.
Born in Madrid, Bueno was a product of Real Madrid's youth system, and he started playing for the "Juvenil" team, scoring 37 goals in 37 matches. The following season he progressed to Real Madrid Castilla, appearing in 31 games in the Segunda División.
In August 2007, Real Madrid signed Bueno on a professional contract with the first team. He was called up to pre-season training under coach Bernd Schuster, teaming up in a friendly with FC Lokomotiv Moscow where he was replaced at half-time by another "cantera" player, Javier Balboa.
On 11 November 2008, due to many injuries to the main squad, Bueno was given his official debut, in a Copa del Rey tie against Real Unión (Segunda División B): within minutes of his entry, 15 minutes into the second half, he scored in a 4–3 final win, but Real Madrid suffered a shock exit from the competition (6–6 aggregate). Eleven days later he made his La Liga debut, replacing Raúl late into a 1–0 home victory over Recreativo de Huelva.
Valladolid.
On 15 July 2009, Real Valladolid purchased Bueno on a five-year deal, with Real Madrid having an option to repurchase during the first two. He was used intermittently during his first season, as the Castile and León side also suffered top-flight relegation.
On 30 August 2010, English club Derby County announced that Bueno was a guest at the Rams' 2–2 draw against Queens Park Rangers, and that a loan deal was very close to being completed in time for the close of the transfer window. It was revealed the following day that the player signed on a season-long loan.
After making his debut as a substitute in a 0–1 home loss against Sheffield United, and his first start in a 2–0 defeat at Hull City, Bueno helped spark a run of six unbeaten matches as Derby earned 14 points from a possible 18 – after just one win in the first four games – earning praise from first-team coach Gary Crosby, who said: "Alberto is a natural footballer – his awareness, his touch and his ability are outstanding at times."
Playing as one of three support strikers in Derby's 4–2–3–1 formation, Bueno grabbed his first goals for the club with a brace against Crystal Palace, and followed it up with the second in a 3–0 win over Preston North End, earning the player of the match award in both games. His form was such he was linked with a move to Premier League side Wigan Athletic, but Derby dismissed the link, stating "There is no clause in the loan agreement which allows (Bueno) to leave during the January transfer window."
After a promising start, Bueno, and the team as a whole, faded throughout the rest of the campaign, winning just four of 26 league games and dropping from fourth in the table to 19th. He contributed with only two goals in the final seven months, in defeats against Ipswich Town and Norwich City, and at the end of the season Clough stated himself "unsure" over the player's future, saying his signature was "not a priority".
Bueno subsequently returned to Valladolid, scoring seven times from 32 appearances to help it return to the top flight after two years. He added five in the following season, in an eventual escape from relegation.
Rayo Vallecano.
Bueno signed with Rayo Vallecano in the summer of 2013, for two years. On 28 February 2015, he scored four goals in only 14 minutes in a 4–2 league home win over Levante UD, being the second fastest to accomplish this feat after Bebeto in 1995.
Porto.
On 25 May 2015, free agent Bueno signed with FC Porto for five years, joining a host of compatriots at the Portuguese club including manager Julen Lopetegui. He spent most of his first season on the sidelines, due to a meniscus injury.
On 31 August 2016, Bueno returned to Spain and its first division after agreeing to a one-year loan deal at Granada CF. He scored his only goal for the team on 16 September, in a 2–2 draw at neighbouring Real Betis.
Bueno went back to his hometown on 31 January 2017, as he joined CD Leganés halfway through their debut top-flight campaign. Mostly used as a substitute, he only scored in a 4–0 home win over Deportivo de La Coruña on 25 February, as relegation was avoided.
In early January 2018, still owned by Porto, Bueno signed with Málaga CF until 30 June. Deemed surplus to requirements by Porto manager Sérgio Conceição, he was assigned to the reserves in the Segunda Liga until his situation was resolved.
Boavista.
On 26 January 2019, Bueno was loaned across the city to Boavista F.C. until the end of the season, and scored a free kick in a 3–1 home win over C.D. Feirense on his debut on 2 February. In an interview with Radio Marca in his homeland the following month, he accused his parent club of workplace bullying.
Though a clause in his contract gave him the freedom to leave if he received a satisfactory offer from a Spanish top-flight team, Bueno committed himself to the side from the Estádio do Bessa for the 2019–20 campaign.
Later career.
Bueno signed with Volos FC of Super League Greece in January 2021. In the ensuing off-season, he joined newly promoted Ionikos FC.
On 27 February 2022, Bueno moved to Primera Federación side Algeciras CF. After retiring, he continued playing football in Gerard Piqué's Kings League, with 1K FC, Porcinos FC and Ultimate Móstoles.
International career.
Bueno was part of the Spain under-19 team which won the 2006 UEFA European Championship. He was the top scorer of the competition with five goals, with another Real Madrid product, Juan Mata, adding four.
Subsequently, Bueno represented the nation at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Canada. He scored in extra time as the team defeated Brazil 4–2 in a last-16 match in Burnaby.
Honours.
Spain U19

</doc>
<doc id="7006259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006259" title="Richard S. Madaleno">
Richard S. Madaleno



</doc>
<doc id="7006263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006263" title="Fergie (musician)">
Fergie (musician)



</doc>
<doc id="7006265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006265" title="Fergie (entertainer)">
Fergie (entertainer)



</doc>
<doc id="7006268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006268" title="SR 6 (VA)">
SR 6 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="7006269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006269" title="Treaty of Bjorko">
Treaty of Bjorko



</doc>
<doc id="7006270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006270" title="SR 3 (VA)">
SR 3 (VA)



</doc>
<doc id="7006271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006271" title="Alberto Bueno Calvo">
Alberto Bueno Calvo



</doc>
<doc id="7006276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006276" title="All Friends Here">
All Friends Here

All Friends Here (Polish: "Sami swoi", literally "only our own"), also known as Our Folks, is a 1967 film, and a first part of a Polish comedic trilogy of movies by Sylwester Chęciński. Its follow-ups are "Nie ma mocnych" (a Polish idiom meaning "no one can do") (1974), "Kochaj albo rzuć" ("Love or Leave") (1977), and "" ("All Friends Here. The Beginning") (2024).
The film.
The film was black and white but was colorized in 2000 by Dynacs Digital Studios for Polish television station Polsat. The score was composed by Wojciech Kilar.
The movie was filmed mostly in Dobrzykowice near Wrocław, with some scenes at Lubomierz and surrounding areas.
It was one of the most popular Polish comedies of its times and still remains an old favorite. Lubomierz has a museum dedicated to the movies, and Toruń has a statue of the two main heroes, Kargul and Pawlak.
The story.
The movie is the story of the two quarreling families, who after the end of the Second World War were resettled from Kresy to the Regained Territories, after Poland's borders were shifted westwards. The bad blood between them runs to a time when one of Karguls plowed a few inches ('three finger-widths') into the Pawlak's territory, for which one of the Pawlaks hit him with a scythe and then, fearing retribution, emigrated to the United States. Years later, he comes back, and finds that both families live peacefully. His brother, Kazimierz, tells him the story of how the families came to terms, in a form of Romeo and Juliet-like marriage between Pawlak's son, Witia, and Kargul's daughter, Jadźka.

</doc>
<doc id="7006289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006289" title="State Route 373 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 373 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7006291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006291" title="Virginia State Route 20">
Virginia State Route 20

State Route 20 (SR 20) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from U.S. Route 15 (US 15) in Dillwyn north to SR 3 in Wilderness. SR 20 is a C-shaped route that connects Charlottesville with Farmville (via US 15) in Southside Virginia. The state highway also links Charlottesville to Fredericksburg (via SR 3) by way of Orange County, within which SR 20 is the main east–west highway and intersects US 15 again in the county seat of Orange.
SR 20 is a Virginia Byway from Scottsville to Orange.
Route description.
SR 20 begins at an intersection with US 15 (James Madison Highway) just west of the town of Dillwyn. The state highway heads north as the two-lane undivided Constitution Route, which passes through the hamlet of Allenslevel, the site of Buckingham Correctional Center. SR 20 crosses the Slate River and passes through the community of Centenary on its way through northwestern Buckingham County to its crossing of the James River. On the north side of the bridge, the state highway enters the town of Scottsville, through which the highway passes as Valley Street. SR 20 meets SR 6 (Main Street) in the center of town. The two highways run together to the north end of town where SR 6 splits west as Irish Road.
SR 20 continues through southern Albemarle County as Scottsville Road. The state highway heads through Glendower, where the highway passes close to the historical presidential retreat Pine Knot and Christ Church Glendower. North of Keene, SR 20 crosses the Hardware River as the watercourse and the highway passes through a gap between Green Mountain and Carters Mountain, which are part of the Southwest Mountains. The state highway follows the west side of the latter mountain to the community of Mill Creek, where the highway expands to a four-lane divided highway at its intersection with SR 53 (Thomas Jefferson Parkway). SR 53 provides access to Thomas Jefferson and James Monroe's respective estates of Monticello and Ash Lawn–Highland. SR 20 passes the entrance to Piedmont Virginia Community College just south of its partial cloverleaf interchange with Interstate 64.
SR 20 becomes Monticello Avenue on crossing Moores Creek into the city of Charlottesville. The street reduces to a two-lane undivided road and curves west to Avon Street, onto which the state highway turns north. At Garrett Street, SR 20 continues onto four-lane divided 9th Street, which crosses over CSX's Piedmont Subdivision into downtown Charlottesville. The state highway passes to the east of the Downtown Mall and meets US 250 Business, which heads eastbound along Market Street and westbound along High Street, which are both two-way streets. The business route joins SR 20 in a concurrency on High Street, which passes by the former Martha Jefferson Hospital. US 250 Business reaches its eastern terminus at US 250 (Long Street). SR 20 turns east onto US 250 to cross the Free Bridge over the Rivanna River to leave the city limits.
SR 20 heads north from the Charlottesville vicinity along Stony Point Road, which parallels the west flank of the Southwest Mountains. The state highway passes the communities of Key West, Eastham, Stony Point, and Rosena. SR 20 enters Orange County and its name changes to Constitution Highway south of Barboursville, which contains the ruins of the namesake estate. The state highway has a short concurrency with US 33 (Spotswood Trail) in which the highways pass under Norfolk Southern Railway's Washington District. SR 20 heads northeast and intersects SR 231 (Blue Ridge Turnpike) north of Somerset. The state highway continues east and closely parallels the railroad through Montpelier Station, which is named for James Madison's estate Montpelier on the south side of the tracks.
SR 20 continues east to the town of Orange, where the highway enters town as Main Street. At the Holladay House, the state highway turns south onto Caroline Street while Main Street continues east SR 20 Business. SR 20 passes the James Madison Museum before US 15 (Madison Street) joins the highway in a concurrency to pass under the Washington District rail line after the counties sole remaining tractor crossing. The state highway turns east onto Berry Hill Road and passes under another Norfolk Southern rail line before receiving the other end of SR 20 Business (Byrd Street). SR 20 becomes Constitution Highway again on leaving the town of Orange. The state highway passes Orange County Airport and intersects US 522 (Zachary Taylor Highway) between Unionville and Rhoadesville. SR 20 briefly passes through part of Fredericksburg and Spotsylvania National Military Park near the site of the Battle of the Wilderness before reaching its northern terminus at SR 3 (Germanna Highway) in the community of Locust Grove just west of the Spotsylvania County line.
History.
SR 20 was first created in 1933 with the renumbering of SR 316 between US 15 in Dillwyn and SR 6 in Scottsville and a separate section to the north that replaced SR 702 between SR 231 in Somerset and SR 3 in Wilderness. In 1941, the southern section was extended north from SR 6 to US 250 in Charlottesville, and the northern section was extended south from SR 231 to US 33 in Barboursville. In 1950, the two sections of SR 20 were finally connected via a replacement of SR 613 between Charlottesville and Barboursville.
In May 2019, the intersection of SR 20 and I-64 was changed. Travelers exiting I-64 west and turning left onto SR 20 south now have a dedicated lane to turn into. As a result, travelers only have to cross SR 20 north and then merge with SR 20 south.
Future.
Two new roundabouts have been approved to be implemented along SR 20. The first would be at the intersection of SR 20 and SR 231 in Somerset. Construction is expected to begin in 2020. The second roundabout would be at the intersection of SR 20 and US 33 just south of Barboursville. This project might also include reconstruction of the intersection of SR 738 and US 33, just south of the SR 20/US 33 intersection. Funding has been approved, but no dates for construction completion have been announced.
Orange business route.
SR 20 Business is a business route of SR 20 in the town of Orange. The business route runs between intersections with SR 20 on either side of town. SR 20 Business begins as Main Street where SR 20 turns south onto Caroline Street next to the Holladay House. The business route intersects US 15 (Madison Street) and meets Norfolk Southern Railway's Washington District at grade. SR 20 Business turns southeast onto Byrd Street to rejoin SR 20 on a tangent.

</doc>
<doc id="7006292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006292" title="Fort Boonesborough State Park">
Fort Boonesborough State Park

Fort Boonesborough was a frontier fort in Kentucky, founded by Daniel Boone and his men following their crossing of the Kentucky River on April 1, 1775. The settlement they founded, known as Boonesborough, Kentucky, is Kentucky's second oldest European-American settlement. It served as a major frontier outpost during the American Revolutionary War, and survived into the early 19th century before its eventual abandonment. A National Historic Landmark now administered as part of Fort Boonesborough State Park, the site is one of the best-preserved archaeological sites of early westward expansion by British colonists in that period. It is located in Madison County, Kentucky off Kentucky Route 627. 
Description.
Fort Boonesborough State Park is located southeast of Lexington, Kentucky, on the west bank of the Kentucky River in rural Madison County. It has a reproduction of Fort Boonesborough, rebuilt as a working fort, containing cabins, bunkhouses and furnishings. The park offers history programs in conjunction with the Fort Boonesborough Foundation, During the in-season, the fort houses resident artisans such as blacksmiths and potters who do open demonstrations to give visitors a taste of what pioneer life in Kentucky was like.
The Kentucky River Museum is located in the park, at the former lock operator's home. The museum focuses on the impact of the river on area families and commerce and tells about the locks and dams in the 1900s.
History.
The Fort Boonesborough area was occupied by Native Americans prior to the arrival of European explorers and colonial settlers, with a small village of Fort Ancient residents known to have lived there c. 1400 AD. The area that is now Kentucky had been scouted by Daniel Boone as early as 1769, and became the subject of an illegal colonial settlement attempt orchestrated by Richard Henderson and his Transylvania Company. Boone was hired by Henderson to cut a road into the territory, which he did, arriving with his expedition near this site at the beginning of April 1775. Henderson followed later in the month, and oversaw the establishment of Boonesborough and construction of its fortifications.
The first form of representative government in Kentucky was held here in May 1775. By that summer, Boonesborough consisted of 26 one-story log cabins and four blockhouses.
The fort was the scene of much action during the western theater of the American Revolutionary War. In September 1778, the fort withstood an attack by American Indians in what would later be called "The Great Siege."
After the war, the settlement became a travel stop for westward-bound settlers, and also became involved as a transit point for the flourishing tobacco trade. By 1820, it had ceased to be of significant importance, and it was eventually abandoned. The area did not undergo intensive archaeological investigation until the 1980s, when major elements of the site were identified, including Daniel Boone's initial station, the Fort Boonesborough fortification, several water springs, the foundational remains of tobacco warehouses, and the Fort Ancient village site.
Most of the park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as a historic district of archaeological importance in 1994. The site of Fort Boonesborough was designated a National Historic Landmark in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="7006297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006297" title="Lauritzen Corporation">
Lauritzen Corporation

Lauritzen Corporation is a financial and interstate bank holding company headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska, US. Lauritzen Corporation currently has bank branches in Nebraska and Iowa, and has total assets of approximately $1.36 billion. In addition to banks, Lauritzen Corporation has five holding companies and 15 insurance or financial companies. Lauritzen Corporation has an approximately 28% voting share in First National of Nebraska, Inc. It is one of the 50 largest banks in the United States ranked by total deposits, and is ranked among the top 200 United States banks by "The Banker" financial journal.
History.
In 1947, John Lauritzen decided to go into business for himself. While he was assistant cashier at the First National Bank of Omaha, and months before he became an assistant vice president at the bank, he sold his house for $14,000, and the site of his future home for $3,000. He used this $17,000 and another $17,000 in borrowed money to purchase a bank in Emerson, Iowa. At the age of 28, he became the youngest bank president in the country.
Five years later, he purchased the First State Bank of Loomis, Nebraska. At the time, he could afford to purchase only 51 percent of the shares. The current owners of the bank told Lauritzen that he would need to buy 100 percent or nothing at all. He then purchased the bank and then quickly re-sold the remaining 49 percent.
After the death of T.L. Davis' in 1955, Lauritzen acquired control of the Washington County Bank, in 1956, the Farmers and Merchants Bank in Bloomfield (1958) and the Burt County State Bank in Tekamah (1961). In 1958, he formed what could be called the forerunner of today's Lauritzen Corporation to oversee his rapidly expanding holdings. Lauritzen then abruptly resigned from the First National to devote all of his energies to his growing chain of small banks.
Lauritzen had been appointed to the board of directors in 1953 and promoted to senior vice president three years after that. Members of First National's management team refused to accept his resignation. Both sides agreed that Lauritzen would work for First National half time, at half pay, and half time for his own string of banks.
Ownership.
Lauritzen Corporation is privately held primarily by the Lauritzen family, with Bruce R. Lauritzen exercising sole investment and voting power which he shares with his mother, Elizabeth D. Lauritzen. Many members of the Lauritzen family are associated with the individual companies within the Lauritzen Corporation.
Bruce R. Lauritzen was the chief executive officer of Lauritzen Corporation, as well as Chairman of First National of Nebraska, Inc., First National Bank of Omaha, and more than a dozen other banks and bank holding companies operating in Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois, South Dakota, Kansas, Colorado and Texas until his death in February 2024. His combined organizations held more than $20 billion in assets and 7,500 employees in 31 states. His son Clark Lauritzen took over as Chairman and President of Lauritzen Corporation, First National of Nebraska, Inc., and First National Bank of Omaha.
Banking subsidiaries.
Crawford County Bank.
Crawford County Bank started operations in 1927, and has maintained the same name since.
Farmers &amp; Merchants State Bank.
Farmers and Merchants State Bank was chartered in 1890. As it has grown over the years, it has taken pride in being a family owned and orientated bank.
First State Bank.
First State Bank opened for business in 1886. Its first office was located in a hardware store office. In 1938, First State Bank's assets were the largest of any town in Nebraska with a population of 1,000 or less. The Lauritzen family purchased First State Bank in 1952. First State Bank added a branch in Alma by purchasing the Harlan County Bank in 2006.
Landmands Bank.
Landmands Bank has a mission "to be the premier financial institution in its trade area, committed to long-term growth and profitability, while taking the lead in the area's economic vitality."
Shelby County State Bank.
Shelby County State Bank was first organized as a state bank in 1880 under the name of the Shelby County Bank. BL Harding was the first bank President and the bank began with $50,000 in assets. The Shelby County Bank was officially incorporated in 1894.
In 1906, the Shelby County Bank and First National Bank were consolidated under the name of the Shelby County State Bank. In May 1911, H.P. Dowling presided as bank President and by 1913 the deposits of the bank had reached a total of $780,000.
In 1933, The Farmers and Merchants Savings Bank of Harlan merged with The Shelby County State Bank. For the convenience of its customers, a branch bank was established in Elk Horn, Iowa that same year.
By the time H. Rand Petersen became SCSB President in 1957, SCSB had $5 million in assets. In 1972, Rand helped SCSB construct the first drive-in bank in Harlan located on the corner of 5th and Court St. In 1975, the SCSB main office changed locations from 1012 6th St. and built a new bank which joined the established Drive-in Bank at 508 Court St.
Within nine years SCSB merged with four other banks including Panama and Portsmouth in 1986, Irwin in 1992 and Shelby in 1995. In 1993 the bank converted the former ‘Lil Duffer restaurant into what's now the Harlan West Branch on Highway 59.
Soon after the bank's merger with the State Bank of Portsmouth, Jerry Lapke became President of SCSB. Current SCSB President Roger Claypool has assumed those same duties since 1996. Today, SCSB has total assets of over $210 million.
Washington County Bank.
Washington County Bank first opened for business on April 5, 1904, in the town of Washington, Nebraska, as Washington State Bank. The bank merged with the Kennard State Bank of Kennard in May 1930. On July 1, 1933, Kennard State Bank moved to Blair and opened as Washington County Bank. John R. Lauritzen acquired control of Washington County Bank in 1955, three years before forming the Lauritzen Corporation. In 2004, the bank completed a merger with its sister bank, Burt County State Bank, in Tekamah. In 2007, Washington County Bank opened their third branch in Omaha.
York State Bank.
Dean Sack obtained a charter for a new bank in 1943, and opened on July 13. Just after the opening of York State Bank, Sack charted the Henderson State Bank in October 1944, and another bank in Benedict, Nebraska, the same year. York State Bank was sold to the Lauritzen Corporation in 1995, and continues to support the education, industrial and agricultural aspects of York County today.

</doc>
<doc id="7006298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006298" title="Breasclete Primary School">
Breasclete Primary School



</doc>
<doc id="7006303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006303" title="State Route 316 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 316 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7006304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006304" title="State Route 702 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 702 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7006305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006305" title="State Route 374 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 374 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7006314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006314" title="State Route 374 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 374 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7006315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006315" title="State Route 316 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 316 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7006316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006316" title="State Route 702 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 702 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7006319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006319" title="Richard S. Madaleno, Jr.">
Richard S. Madaleno, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="7006323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006323" title="Them!!">
Them!!



</doc>
<doc id="7006325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006325" title="State Route 20 (Virginia)">
State Route 20 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7006326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006326" title="Route 20 (Virginia)">
Route 20 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="7006328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006328" title="Virginia State Highway 20">
Virginia State Highway 20



</doc>
<doc id="7006336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006336" title="Digital Universe Encyclopedia">
Digital Universe Encyclopedia



</doc>
<doc id="7006344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006344" title="John Erskine (theologian)">
John Erskine (theologian)

John Erskine (1721–1803), the Scottish theologian, was born near Dunfermline at Carnock on 2 June 1721. His father was the great Scottish jurist John Erskine of Carnock and his grandfather was Colonel John Erskine of Cardross who had been in William of Orange's army when it invaded England in the Glorious Revolution of 1688.
Life.
He was born on 2 June 1721 in Carnock in Fife (near Dunfermline).
He attended school in Cupar then the High School of Edinburgh followed by an M.A. at Edinburgh University. He then studied law for a time but quickly changed course for a religious career and was eventually licensed by the Presbytery of Dunblane 16 August 1743. He was ordained parish minister of Kirkintilloch, north of Glasgow, on 31 May 1744 and subsequently translated to Culross, in Fife on 21 February 1753.
On 15 June 1758 he took up position in New Greyfriars Church, Edinburgh. Then, on 9 July 1767 he was called to Old Greyfriars Church taking up position in 1768, where he became the colleague of Principal Robertson, the historian. Here he remained until his death, which took place on 19 January 1803. Erskine's writings consist chiefly of controversial pamphlets on theological subjects. His sermons were clear, vigorous expositions of a moderate Calvinism, in which metaphysical argument and practical morality are happily blended. He was very supportive of foreign missions, which he supported in the General Assembly - famously beginning a response to an opponent of such missions "Moderator, rax me (that is, hand me) that bible". His books, etc., show him to have been very prolific and to have been keenly interested in the politics of the day. He was against Roman Catholic Emancipation and on the side of the American Colonies in their dispute with King George III. (Scottish merchants had several days' advantage in crossing the Atlantic, and colonial harbours were often crowded with Glasgow ships). He received the honorary doctorate of Doctor of Divinity from Glasgow University in 1766.
He was well connected to the great religious events of the time - for example the religious revivals in Scotland, (see The 'Cambuslang Wark'), England (Methodism)and America (The Great Awakening). He obviously thought he was living in eventful times. In church politics he was the leader of the evangelical party, often seen as opponents of the Moderate Party, though his friendship with that Party's great leader, Principal Robertson belies this simple opposition.
He was well loved and respected and was asked to preach throughout the country. Sir Walter Scott praised Erskine in his novel "Guy Mannering".
He died suddenly on 18 January 1803 and is buried in Greyfriars Kirkyard. The grave lies midway along the eastern side in front of the large Kerr memorial. A memorial window was also added in Greyfriars Kirk in his name.
Family.
He married on 15 June 1746, the Hon. "Christian Mackay" (who died 20 May 1810), the fourth daughter of George Mackay, 3rd Lord Reay. They had a large family, eight sons and four daughters, many of whom died young - at least one in Bengal. His surviving heir was "David Erskine of Carnock", born 18 April 1770, died 16 March 1838
His daughter, Mary Erskine, married Rev Charles Stuart of Dunearn.
Recognition.
A memorial window to John Erskine was erected in Greyfriars Kirk in the late 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="7006345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006345" title="Temple Lodges Abney Park">
Temple Lodges Abney Park

The Abney Park Temple Lodges are gatehouses to Abney Park Cemetery designed by William Hosking, to Abney Park in the London Borough of Hackney. The lodges are composed mainly of stone building materials and designed in an Egyptian Revival style, which was unusual for the time period of which the lodges were conceptualized. Augustus W N Pugin was famously against the design of the lodges due to them being non-European despite public fascination of Egyptology at the time.
History.
The Abney Park Temple Lodges (1838–40) were designed by William Hosking as entrance lodges to the historic 18th century parkland associated with Isaac Watts and Lady Mary Abney. The buildings were added to the parkland estate on its becoming laid out as the Congregationalists' novel non-denominational garden cemetery, arboretum and educational institution.
Rather than the usual forbidding high walls of contemporary cemetery design, William Hosking was briefed to work up a visually prominent design that would occupy a considerable frontage expanse. This provided open, inviting, views into the park, for appreciation of its botanical richness and landscape beauty since the Abney Park Cemetery project was, more so than any other of the ring of cemeteries at the time, designed as an early semi-public London park as well as a London burial ground.
Architecture.
For buildings forming part of an English garden cemetery of the period, an unusual choice of architectural style was made at Abney Park: Egyptian Revival style. It had not previously been used on a large scale for a park or cemetery frontage; and for a prominent entrance onto one of the main roads into London, it was clearly designed to catch the eye and be symbolic of the novelty of a wholly non-denominational approach to cemetery layout and design, and the remarkable intention of also establishing a semi-public park.
William Hosking was already familiar with Egyptian temple architecture, as evidenced by his contributions to the "Encyclopædia Britannica", but he took expert advice from fellow antiquarian scholar Joseph Bonomi junior to achieve higher standards of detailing for the hieroglyphics and other Egyptian facets of the final design.
Hosking's carefully scaled "Egyptian-Revival" entrance ensemble comprised a carefully studied Temple Lodge or Lodges (with twin North and South components), with dramatic pylons, gates and railings in between. It is the earliest example in European architecture of a cemetery building (as opposed to monuments or gates) being designed and built in "Egyptian Revival" style.
The presence of George Loddiges, nurseryman and scientist, on the garden cemetery's design team, may account for Hosking's final choice of the Sacred Lotus flower for the decorative motifs at the tops of the Abney Park entrance pylons; a plant closely associated with the River Nile and Egyptian religious symbolism. Botanical iconography was evidently preferred to "sphinxes" and other populist or polychromatic Egyptian revival designs; and from Bonomi's accurate studies and drawings in Egypt, both the "flower heads" / "seed heads" and petals/sepals of the Sacred Lotus could be perfectly carved as pylon decorations that survive to this day (see photo).
Public fascination with Egyptology was then in vogue, and with Bonomi's help, and the Cemetery Company's close control over the brief, Hosking is said to have produced "Egyptial Revival" entrance features more perfectly, and on a more complete scale, than at Mount Auburn Cemetery where the concept had originated. Importantly, Mount Auburn Cemetery, from which Abney Park's client representative, George Collison took much of his inspiration, still at that time had only a temporary Egyptial Revival structure (made of dusted wood and sand). Its permanent "Egyptian Revival" structure was not built until two years after the Temple Lodges at Abney Park were completed, more optimistically, in stone. In England only a small-scale "Egyptian Revival" gateway had yet been built at a cemetery for Nonconformists near Sheffield in 1836, William Hosking becoming the first to employ the style for English park or cemetery buildings.
Pugin's caricature of the gates includes a "Shillibeer's Funeral Omnibus". George Shillibeer's invention was arousing some debate in 1843, as had the Newington Academy for Girls in its day (for which he had designed the world's first school bus), and now the new nondenominational park cemetery. All were seen by parts of London society as iconoclastic.
The appropriate architectural style for a place of burial was then a hotly debated issue. Not long before Hosking's commission at Abney Park, the neoclassical style (favoured in Georgian times) had been commissioned at Kensal Green Cemetery. Its use implied a greater preponderance towards Whig sympathies amongst its board of directors, rather than the emerging fashion amongst high church or Tory designers - the Gothic revival style. The latter had been favoured by board members such as Augustus Charles Pugin (1769–1832) and George Carden, and at Kensal Green Cemetery the board's decision to reject a Gothic revivalist approach was a key reason behind George Carden's departure. Soon afterwards, in 1836, the South Metropolitan Cemetery was founded in Norwood, South London; on its board of directors was Sir William Tite, an architect who chose the Gothic style for all the cemetery buildings, and thus Norwood became the first Gothic cemetery to wide public acclaim.
In this heady climate, introducing a non-European style of design from Africa was a bold step. Advocates of Gothic revival architecture, notably the polemicist and Gothic architect Augustus W N Pugin (1812–52), proved particularly critical of Abney Park's Cemetery's novel approach which was implicitly sympathetic to a "New World" outlook.
By contrast, Abney Park's approach resonated perfectly with those who had close ties with America, principally Congregationalists and other nonconformist groups whose relatives had left for the New World to pursue political and religious freedom. For them, the proposed Egyptian Revival design symbolised the adoption of an architectural tradition from part of the African continent with an association with Great Pyramids and reflected the pioneering spirit embodied in Massachusetts' Mount Auburn Cemetery.
Though use of the style proved controversial in some quarters, others were impressed with the bold design at Abney Park and began to conclude that the "Egyptian Revival" should be taken further, mostly for purely stylistic reasons. In 1839 it had been used more discreetly at the entrance to the catacombs at Highgate Cemetery, but by 1842, two years after Abney Park opened, it was possible for the architect Thomas Wilson, a member of the General Cemetery Company board, to publish the most futuristic cemetery design ever in the Egyptian style. He envisaged the building of a brick and granite pyramid taller than St. Paul's Cathedral containing nearly a quarter of a million catacombs, on nearly a hundred levels, surmounting Primrose Hill, complete with a public observatory at the top.

</doc>
<doc id="7006352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006352" title="UPFA">
UPFA



</doc>
<doc id="7006366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006366" title="Royal Bombay Yacht Club">
Royal Bombay Yacht Club

The Royal Bombay Yacht Club (RBYC) is one of the premier gentlemen's clubs which was founded in 1846 in Colaba (formerly Wellington Pier), an area of Mumbai in India. The building was designed by John Adams, who also designed the nearby Royal Alfred Sailors' Homes (now the Maharashtra Police Headquarters), and was completed in 1896.
The club offers chambers for residence overlooking the Gateway of India, a bar, a lounge, a restaurant, ballrooms, a club shop, a men's salon, a library, a gymnasium with steam and sauna facilities, a cue sports room and members cards room, in addition to sailing facilities in the Arabian Sea. 
The club regularly conducts sailing events and championships for members and yachtsmen across the Mumbai region. Admission to the club is reserved by exclusive membership.
History.
The Bombay Yacht Club was founded in 1846 with Henry Morland as club commodore and 30 years later, on the recommendation of Sir Philip Wodehouse, Queen Victoria permitted it to add the word "Royal" to its name.
The seafront clubhouse, also called "Old Yacht Club" (OYC) later, was built in 1881 and received a number of prominent visitors within its first ten years, including Prince Arthur, Duke of Connaught and Strathearn, and his wife, Princess Louise Margaret of Prussia, and the railroad tycoon and yachting enthusiast William Kissam Vanderbilt – part owner of the 1895 America's Cup winner, the 37.5-m sloop "Defender".
In 1894, the Commissioners of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom bestowed upon the club a Blue Ensign with a Star of India surmounted by the Imperial Crown of India.
Another clubhouse was built in 1896 (to the west, just across "Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Road"), a blending of Venetian Gothic architecture with Indian Saracenic, to provide accommodations for members and visiting associates.
Yachting received a major stimulus in 1911, when King George V and Queen Mary sailed to Bombay abroad the on her maiden voyage.
In 1958, the Club was temporarily closed for not accepting new Indian members. The club started then granting honorary memberships to all Bombay Club members and provided a new home for their furniture and other effects.
The 1960s saw a new race introduced after the late Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, visited the club and presented the Challenge Cup for a Combined Class race not less than 21 miles. The RBYC at that time owned a fleet of four 21-foot Seabird Half Raters, whilst its members’ owned boats including the "Chindwin" (Bermudian cutter), the "Iona" (a Gunter sloop), the "Silver Oak" (a Yachting World keel boat), the "Tir" (a yawl), the "Merope" (Stor-Draken class) and the "Griffon" and the "Wynvern" (two International Dragons). The club was selected to host the 6th National Regatta for the Yachting Association of India.
Member Philip Bragg, who built the "Suhaili", the first yacht to sail solo non-stop around the world, died in 1984. Yachtsman Sir Robin Knox-Johnson attended a reception in his honour at the club in 2004.
In 2006, the club was visited by the First Sea Lord, Admiral Sir Jonathon Band, and his wife, Lady Sarah Band, as well as other senior officers of the Royal Fleet. This was shortly followed by a visit from Sir Jock Stirrup, the Air Chief Marshal of the Royal Air Force and Chief of the Defence Staff. In 2010, General Sir Michael Rose visited the club.
In 2013 the Royal Bombay Yacht Club Residential Chambers received an award of merit in the 2013 UNESCO Asia-Pacific Heritage Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="7006372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006372" title="Fort boonesboro">
Fort boonesboro



</doc>
<doc id="7006373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006373" title="Count the Days">
Count the Days

Count the Days may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006375" title="Register machine models">
Register machine models



</doc>
<doc id="7006376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006376" title="Overlord (Xbox game)">
Overlord (Xbox game)



</doc>
<doc id="7006378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006378" title="UNP">
UNP

UNP may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006384" title="CALDIC">
CALDIC

CALDIC (the California Digital Computer) is an electronic digital computer built with the assistance of the Office of Naval Research at the University of California, Berkeley between 1951 and 1955 to assist and enhance research being conducted at the university with a platform for high-speed computing.
CALDIC was designed to be constructed at a low cost and simple to operate, by standards of the time, note that in a pre-1965 context there is no interactive user IO or human readable output in printed characters in most computers. There is no human readable user interface. It was a serial decimal machine with an , 10,000-word magnetic drum memory. (As CALDIC's decimal words were 10 digits each, the magnetic memory could store about 400,000 bits.) It contained 1,300 vacuum tubes, 1,000 crystal diodes, 100 magnetic elements (for the recording heads), and 12 relays (in the power supply). It weighed about . It was capable of speeds of 50 iterations per second. CALDIC was a stored program computer with a six-digit instruction format (two digits for the opcode and four digits for the memory address).
The computer was initially planned by Paul Morton, Leland Cunningham, and Dick Lehmer; the latter two had been involved with the ENIAC at the University of Pennsylvania, and Lehmer had given one of the Moore School Lectures. Morton oversaw the design and construction with a team comprising electrical engineering graduate and undergraduate students at the university, more than 35 in total, including Doug Engelbart (who later invented the computer mouse) and Al Hoagland (a pioneer of the computer disk industry).
The machine was first ready for use in the summer of 1953 and mostly operational in 1954. Development cost through July 1955 was approximately $150,000.

</doc>
<doc id="7006386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006386" title="Godfrey DeCourcelles Chevalier">
Godfrey DeCourcelles Chevalier



</doc>
<doc id="7006387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006387" title="Lunar Maria">
Lunar Maria



</doc>
<doc id="7006388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006388" title="Godfrey DeC. Chevalier">
Godfrey DeC. Chevalier



</doc>
<doc id="7006391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006391" title="Doctor Dolittle (TV series)">
Doctor Dolittle (TV series)

Doctor Dolittle (also known as "The Further Adventures of Dr. Dolittle") is a 1970–1971 Saturday morning animated series produced by DePatie–Freleng Enterprises in association with 20th Century Fox Television. The series is loosely based on the books by Hugh Lofting, as well as the 1967 film of the same title which center around Doctor Dolittle, an animal doctor who has the ability to talk to animals.
The show was created for television by David H. DePatie and Friz Freleng in association with Paul Harrison and Lennie Weinrib. The series was broadcast on the NBC network. An altered version of the song "Talk to the Animals" was heard during the opening credits.
The series only has a DVD release in Germany from Pidax.
Synopsis.
Doctor Dolittle travels around the world on his ship called the Flounder to help out any sick animal in need. He is aided in his missions by his first mate, young sailor Tommy Stubbins. They share the ship with its animal crew.
Wherever Doctor Dolittle's ship was, Sub-Mar Island was never far behind. A disguised submarine, Sub-Mar Island is actually the stronghold of Sam Scurvy and his pirate crew. The pirates dress in an unusual mixture of old-fashioned pirate and gangster gear. The pirate crew were also a branch of the Democratic Order of Pirates International (or "DOPI" for short). Sam Scurvy has one goal in life: world domination. He believes that if he can get the secret to talking to animals from Doctor Dolittle, he will be able to raise an army of "creepy creatures" to help him take over the world. By using his eavesdropping device the Sneaky Snorkel, Scurvy gets wind of Doctor Dolittle's latest missions and then plots to hinder, disrupt, or even kidnap the Doctor, Tommy, or any one of his animals, in order to force him to reveal how he is capable of talking to animals. However, due to Doctor Dolittle's skills as well as the pirates' ineptitude, they never succeed.
Syndication problems.
The series has never been shown in syndication in recent years, possibly due to the politically incorrect stereotypes of the pirate crew, as well as the strong drug implications present during George and the Grasshoppers' rock and pop numbers.
It first appeared on British TV on BBC1 on Thursday, 25 November 1971. It was dubbed in Sinhala in Sri Lanka as "Dosthara Hoda hitha".

</doc>
<doc id="7006393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006393" title="Bombay Yacht Club">
Bombay Yacht Club



</doc>
<doc id="7006404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006404" title="Powiat of Rypin">
Powiat of Rypin



</doc>
<doc id="7006406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006406" title="Corn cob">
Corn cob



</doc>
<doc id="7006413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006413" title="Rypin County">
Rypin County

Rypin County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Rypin, which lies east of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 43,618, out of which the population of Rypin is 16,227 and the rural population is 27,391.
Neighbouring counties.
Rypin County is bordered by Brodnica County to the north, Żuromin County to the east, Sierpc County to the south-east, Lipno County to the south-west and Golub-Dobrzyń County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="7006415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006415" title="River Terrace">
River Terrace



</doc>
<doc id="7006416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006416" title="St. Laurence High School">
St. Laurence High School

St. Laurence High School is a co-educational, STEM-based high school founded in 1961. Located in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chicago, the school is conducted by the Congregation of Christian Brothers and is named for the Irish Saint Laurence O'Toole.
The school is located in the southwest Chicago suburb of Burbank, Illinois, adjacent to the property of the former Queen of Peace High School, a private, all-female Catholic high school that closed in 2017. St. Laurence became co-ed beginning with the 2017–2018 school year after Queen of Peace closed.
History.
St. Laurence High School was founded by the Congregation of Christian Brothers as a boys' school. With the closure of its neighboring sister school Queen of Peace High School, a girls' school run by the Dominican Sisters, it was announced that St. Laurence would become co-educational from the 2017–2018 academic year onwards and accommodate transferring female students.
Due to construction delays on the Queen of Peace High School building, Queen of Peace High School classes were held in the D and E wings of the St. Laurence building for one school year while construction on Queen of Peace High School was completed.
Currently, AERO Special Education Cooperative occupies the former Queen of Peace campus, with new accessible construction completed in 2023.
Classes.
At the start of the 2013 school year, St. Laurence High School became a STEM school. The school incorporates spirituality and leadership in its STEM program. St. Laurence High School also pioneers "Career Explorer" courses.
All classrooms are located on the first floor of the school. Classrooms are divided among four of the five academic wings, labeled A, B, C, D, and E.
In 2021, St. Laurence High School began an IB Diploma Programme, making it one of only three Catholic high schools in Illinois to offer the program, along with DePaul College Prep and Trinity High School.
Athletics.
St. Laurence High School is a member of both the Chicago Catholic League (CCL) for boys' sports and the Girls Catholic Athletic Conference (GCAC) for girls' sports. It is also a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). St. Laurence sponsors interscholastic teams in baseball, basketball, bowling, cheer, cross country, dance, eSports, flag football, football, golf, lacrosse, soccer, softball, tennis, track and field, volleyball, and wrestling, which compete in IHSA sponsored state championship tournaments. The school also sponsors an ice hockey team.
The following teams have finished in the top four at the IHSA state tournament in their respective class:

</doc>
<doc id="7006426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006426" title="A Divine Double Feature">
A Divine Double Feature



</doc>
<doc id="7006427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006427" title="Bible Riots">
Bible Riots



</doc>
<doc id="7006429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006429" title="Lipno County">
Lipno County

Lipno County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It was formed on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Lipno, which lies south-east of Toruń and east of Bydgoszcz. The county also contains the towns of Skępe, lying east of Lipno, and Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, south-east of Lipno.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 65,869, out of which the population of Lipno is 14,339, that of Skępe is 3,620, that of Dobrzyń nad Wisłą is 2,129, and the rural population is 45,723.
Neighbouring counties.
Lipno County is bordered by Golub-Dobrzyń County to the north, Rypin County to the north-east, Sierpc County to the east, Płock County to the south-east, the city of Włocławek and Włocławek County to the south, and Aleksandrów County and Toruń County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into nine gminas (one urban, two urban-rural and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7006430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006430" title="Powiat of Lipno">
Powiat of Lipno



</doc>
<doc id="7006432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006432" title="William A.H. Loveland">
William A.H. Loveland



</doc>
<doc id="7006436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006436" title="L. G. Havanur">
L. G. Havanur

L. G. Havanur (March, 1927–15 September 2006) was the former Law Minister in the Devaraj Urs government of Karnataka, India during 1982-80. Havanur headed the Backward Classes Commission set up by the Devaraj Urs government in the mid-1970s and authored Karnataka's Backward Classes Report. It is believed that his report was extensively referred to for the drafting of the Mandal Commission Report.
Early life.
Laxman Havanur was born to Gulappa and Durga Devi Havanur in Ranebennur district Haveri on 25 March 1927. While in school he demonstrated a talent for painting and was sent to the J.J. School of Arts in Mumbai by the principal. He then went on to do a degree in law.
Career.
Havanur began his career as an advocate in the then Mysore State High Court and the Supreme Court of India. He practiced law as a senior advocate until his death in 2006.
Havanur Report.
The Backward Classes Report, also called the Havanur Report, was submitted to the Karnataka Government on 19 November 1975. Soon after, Havanur was inducted into the Devaraj Urs Ministry and played a major role in the implementation of the report.
The report profiles, classifies and favours reservation for backward classes. It also lays down guidelines for the apportionment of the reservation for the various backward classes in India. The Havanur Report was instrumental in constituting a reservation policy to be implemented in government organisations, educational and other institutions.
Devaraj Urs, the then Chief Minister of Karnataka was so impressed by Havanur's report that he called it the "Bible of Backward Classes". The Supreme Court of India also praised the report as a comprehensive scientific study of the Backward Classes.
Havanur's work provided impetus for politicians from the backward classes to achieve greater success in the political arena for prominent politicians from Backward classes like Bangarappa (Ediga community) and Veerappa Moily ( community: (Kshaurika, volaga oodavaru-Barber community).
Havanur was not inclined to politics but was compelled to join politics because of the popularity that ensued after the submission of his report on backward classes. He was a legal luminary and a social reformer who used his legal prowess for the upliftment of backward classes in other ways with a great sense of commitment.
Havanur founded the Socio-Legal Services and Research Foundation in 1979 to provide legal assistance to socially backward communities. The Havanur College of Law is also managed by the foundation.
In 1991, Havanur was invited as an advisor to the Constitutional Advisory Committee of South Africa to draft the country's constitution.
Death.
Havanur died in Bangalore on 15 September 2006. He is survived by his wife, four daughters and three sons.

</doc>
<doc id="7006438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006438" title="Philadelphia prayer riots of 1844">
Philadelphia prayer riots of 1844



</doc>
<doc id="7006441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006441" title="Bonnal">
Bonnal

Bonnal can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006446" title="Wrexham Transmitter">
Wrexham Transmitter



</doc>
<doc id="7006447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006447" title="Tuchola County">
Tuchola County

Tuchola County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Tuchola, which lies north of Bydgoszcz and north-west of Toruń.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 48,329 out of which the population of Tuchola is 13,621 and the rural population is 34,708.
The county contains most of the protected area called Tuchola Landscape Park.
Neighbouring counties.
Tuchola County is bordered by Starogard County to the north-east, Świecie County to the east, Bydgoszcz County to the south, Sępólno County to the south-west and Chojnice County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into six gminas (one urban-rural and five rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7006449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006449" title="Powiat of Tuchola">
Powiat of Tuchola



</doc>
<doc id="7006451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006451" title="Philadelphia prayer riot">
Philadelphia prayer riot



</doc>
<doc id="7006453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006453" title="Markus Weissenberger">
Markus Weissenberger

Markus Weissenberger (born 8 March 1975) is an Austrian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
He is a younger brother of former Austria international player Thomas Weissenberger.
Club career.
Weissenberger played for Eintracht Frankfurt, TSV 1860 Munich, Arminia Bielefeld, LASK.
In the Eintracht squad he was, in the attacking midfield, often only a backup for Alexander Meier and predominantly gets few short time appearances.
He returned to LASK in summer 2008 on a free transfer.
International career.
Weissenberger made his debut for the Austria national team in an August 1999 friendly match against Sweden, coming on as a substitute for Mario Haas. He missed out on Euro 2008, after coming back late from a knee injury.
He earned 29 caps, scoring one goal, until August 2008.
Honours.
Eintracht Frankfurt

</doc>
<doc id="7006459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006459" title="List of characters appearing in Marvel Comics">
List of characters appearing in Marvel Comics



</doc>
<doc id="7006460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006460" title="Lost Eden">
Lost Eden

Lost Eden is an adventure game developed by Cryo and published by Virgin Interactive in March 1995 for MS-DOS, Macintosh, 3DO, and CD-i. It is set in a world where humans and dinosaurs coexist.
Plot.
Adam, prince of Mo, has grown up in an isolated world of humans. His mother and sister were killed less than a day's march from the Citadel of Mo by the forces of the Tyrann, led by Moorkus Rex. The king of Mo has lost all hope for the world since this tragedy.
Adam's great-grandfather is remembered as the Architect, who built gigantic fortresses across the land. The secret of their construction died with him. His grandfather is known as the Enslaver. He tore down all the citadels except the one at Mo. He drove the humans and dinosaurs apart, creating mutual distrust and, in places, sheer hatred.
Moorkus Rex, a strange, armor-plated reptile, leads the "Tyrannosaurus" armies, known as the Tyrann. One of the only remaining places of safety from the Tyrann is the Citadel of Mo.
Reception.
Computer versions.
"Next Generation" reviewed the PC version of the game, rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "Although it won't provide much of a challenge for experienced players, "Lost Eden" is a great title for anyone who loves a good story."
"Next Generation" reviewed the PC version of the game, rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "All in all, it's a solid adventure game with some very nice trimmings."
3DO version.
The 3DO version received mostly positive reviews. Critics were unanimously pleased with the advanced pre-rendered graphics, full voice acting, sharp full motion video cutscenes, and most especially the unique and imaginative world these visuals and audio gave life to.
However, the other elements of the game divided critics. The four reviewers of "Electronic Gaming Monthly" and Scary Larry of "GamePro" were highly pleased with the simple, easy-to-learn interface, but a reviewer for "Next Generation" found that it loses appeal over time due to the obtrusively large cursor. While "EGM"s reviewers deemed the story compelling, "Next Generation" remarked that despite the unique milieu the plot falls into obvious cliches, and Scary Larry found the dialogues were overlong and often did nothing to enhance the story. And while Mark LeFebvre of "EGM" called Picq's soundtrack "truly impossible to deal with", most reviewers enjoyed it, variously calling it "relaxing", "strange and rather ethereal", and "a great earthy composition". Scary Larry gave the game a tentative recommendation, saying that the long dialogues somewhat tarnished the enjoyable puzzling, while "Next Generation" was more enthusiastic, concluding, "Overall, "Lost Eden" is well-constructed and different enough ... to warrant more than a look."

</doc>
<doc id="7006461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006461" title="Vittal Mallya">
Vittal Mallya

Vittal Mallya (8 February 1924 – 13 October 1983) was an Indian industrialist, best known as the former chair of the India-based United Breweries Group. Mallya is the father of Vijay Mallya.
Early life and education.
Vittal Mallya was born in 1924. He was the youngest of the three children of Lt. Col. Bantwal Ganapathi Mallya and his wife Devi Mallya. The family belongs to the Gaud Saraswat Brahmin community of Madhva tradition based in Mangalore and hails from the town of Bantwal.
The young Vittal Mallya gained exposure to the many cultures of India as he grew up in many cantonment towns across India. When he was around 12 years of age, his father's wealth and position as an army officer made it possible for Vittal to be enrolled into The Doon School. Vittal was a bright student at school, and received several double promotions during his academic career for outstanding performance. After finishing school, he was accepted into Presidency College, Kolkata. He chose this college because his father was posted at that time in Kolkata. After his graduation, he traveled abroad for over two years in a sort of grand tour which was undertaken for two reasons: firstly, his father, who had studied in England and was something of an Anglophile, wanted him to have some exposure to Europe and the wider world outside India; secondly, Vittal wanted to see Europe and gain first-hand practical knowledge that he believed to be a lot more valuable than formal education. He also learned Spanish in the process.
Career.
In 1946–47 he started acquiring the shares of United Breweries Limited. In 1947, Mallya was elected as United Breweries' first Indian director. After a year, he replaced R. G. N. Price as the chairman of the company. In 1951, he acquired McDowell &amp; Company Limited.
Moving to Bangalore in 1952, Mallya started a steady acquisition of small breweries and distilleries. New breweries were established in Kerala (Cherthala, 1959), Andhra Pradesh (Hyderabad, 1969), Goa (Ponda, 1971) and Bihar (Hatidah, 1973).
By the early 1960s, Mallya, back in Calcutta, gained further control of the liquor market by acquiring Carew &amp; Company Limited and Phipson &amp; Company Limited (the latter a major liquor distribution company), followed in the early 1970s by another distribution firm, Herbertsons Limited.
It also began its association, about this time, with Hoechst AG of Germany while co-promoting Hoechst Pharmaceuticals Limited, now known as Aventis Pharma India.
The simultaneous move into food products started with the acquisition of Kissan Products in 1950. When Herbertsons was pocketed two decades later, Mallya also bagged its Dipy's division, giving him a virtual stranglehold on a series of processed food products.
In 1977, when an official prohibition drive sent the breweries and distilleries into a tailspin, Mallya showed his foresight by buying up or gaining control through management contracts of yet more breweries (Premier, Jupiter, Punjab and Indo-Lowenbrau) and distilleries in Udaipur, Alwar, Mirganj, Serampore and also set up a plant in Pondicherry, as others sold out in the face of a market slump. In the process, he finally pipped Mohan Meakin to the title of beer and liquor king.
Mallya got the Jammu &amp; Kashmir Government to give him two acres on lease to start a nursery, and then distributed hops seedlings to Kashmir farmers and bought up all their produce—giving him effective control of the beer industry's most vital ingredient.
He also became chairman of British Paints with the help of Hoechst AG, which had earlier acquired British Paints' parent company abroad, the Berger group. Then through Cadbury Schweppes, international associates of Kissan Products, he moved on to the board of Cadbury India, to become its chairman a few years later. Taking advantage of disinvestment's by multinationals, he became chairman of the Indian Sewing Machine Company and Malayalam Plantations (large tea and rubber company) and also a director of Bush Boake Allen.
Two other important acquisitions include Hindustan Polymers (taken from the Shriram Group) and Mysore Electro-Chemical Works (makers of MEC batteries).
In 1981, Mallya controlled 10 breweries and 14 distilleries, seven processed food companies, six investment companies, two small packaging units, three drug firms, soft drinks bottling plants, a battery unit and one of the company's two styrene companies, while heading a handful of other companies even though he did not have controlling interest.
Controversies.
Business rivals charged him with reveling in the unethical practices of the liquor industry, and maximizing profits by making whisky from molasses instead of malted barley the former process allegedly costing only 5 per cent of the latter, but with the resultant spirit being far more harmful to health.
Mallya's name was also linked in 1980 to the then Maharashtra chief minister A. R. Antulay's controversial decisions on alcohol supply.
Personal life.
He was married three times. His first marriage was with Lalitha Ramaiah; they had a son, Vijay Mallya. He then either married or had a relationship with a divorced/widowed woman who was the mother of two daughters already, but they had no children together. His third marriage was to Kailash Advani (known as Ritu Mallya after the marriage), a Mumbai-based Sindhi woman who was a lawyer by education, but who ran a garment business. They also had no children together.
Vittal Mallya was a man of frugal habits who believed in thrift and understatement, values which he tried to inculcate in the young Vijay. One way of doing this was by limiting Vijay's allowance to the bare minimum, and not allowing him luxuries like a car of his own.

</doc>
<doc id="7006463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006463" title="Markus Weißenberger">
Markus Weißenberger



</doc>
<doc id="7006470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006470" title="South Tyrolese People's Party">
South Tyrolese People's Party



</doc>
<doc id="7006477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006477" title="Halomon">
Halomon

Halomon is a polyhalogenated monoterpene first isolated from the marine red algae "Portieria hornemannii". Halomon has attracted research interest because of its promising profile of selective cytotoxicity that suggests its potential use as an antitumor agent.
Halomon is in a class of chemical compounds known as halocarbons, which are often potent alkylating agents which may be toxic to individual cells or to living organisms. The red algae that naturally produce halomon and other related compounds probably do so as a poisonous defense against fish or other marine life that may see it as a potential source of food. Halomon, however, is a selective toxin; studies at the National Cancer Institute have indicated that it is more toxic to certain types of tumor cells than to other cells.
The algae that produces halomon is difficult to locate, identify, and collect and the concentration of halomon in the organism is extremely low. Therefore, obtaining a sufficient amount of halomon to conduct preclinical research has been difficult. Consequently, there has been active interest in developing synthetic methods in the laboratory for the preparation of halomon and related compounds.
Recent research has shown that halomon and a related halogenated monoterpene may act as demethylating agents, suggesting a possible mechanism of action for the pharmacological effects of halomon.

</doc>
<doc id="7006484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006484" title="RBYC">
RBYC

RBYC or R.B.Y.C. may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006486" title="1978 in the United Kingdom">
1978 in the United Kingdom

 
Events from the year 1978 in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="7006495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006495" title="Naval Warfare in World War I">
Naval Warfare in World War I



</doc>
<doc id="7006496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006496" title="London Brent">
London Brent



</doc>
<doc id="7006502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006502" title="Nakło County">
Nakło County

Nakło County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Nakło nad Notecią, which lies west of Bydgoszcz and west of Toruń. The county contains three other towns: Szubin, lying south-east of Nakło nad Notecią, Kcynia, lying south-west of Nakło nad Notecią, and Mrocza, north of Nakło nad Notecią.
The county covers an area of . As of 2006 its total population is 84,786, out of which the population of Nakło nad Notecią is 18,281, that of Szubin is 9,556, that of Kcynia is 4,657, that of Mrocza is 4,350, and the rural population is 49,605.
Neighbouring counties.
Nakło County is bordered by Sępólno County to the north, Bydgoszcz County to the east, Żnin County to the south, Wągrowiec County to the southwest and Piła County to the west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into five gminas (four urban-rural and one rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.
References.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7006504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006504" title="Powiat of Nakło">
Powiat of Nakło



</doc>
<doc id="7006509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006509" title="Naklo County">
Naklo County



</doc>
<doc id="7006514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006514" title="The Barkleys">
The Barkleys

The Barkleys is an American animated television series produced by DePatie–Freleng Enterprises, which aired on NBC from September 9 to December 2, 1972.
Premise.
Taking inspiration from the CBS sitcom "All in the Family", the cartoon features an anthropomorphic family of dogs consisting of Arnie, a bus driver (voiced by Henry Corden) and his wife Agnes (voiced by Joan Gerber). They had two teenagers, Terry and Roger (voiced by Julie McWhirter and Steve Lewis respectively) and one younger child, Chester (voiced by Gene Andrusco).
The theme song's lyrics ended with the advice "Just remember Arnie Barkley's bark is worse than his bite". Doug Goodwin's theme song used part of "(Be It Ever So Humble) There's No Place Like Home".
Airings.
The series was broadcast by NBC from September 9 to December 2, 1972. NBC continued to air reruns until September 1, 1973. Only 13 episodes were produced.
Home Media Releases.
There wouldn't be any home media releases until October 2015, when Film Chest Media Group released an unauthorised DVD, "The Barkleys and The Houndcats – 2 DVD Classic Animation Set" on DVD in Region 1, seemingly under the false assumption that the cartoon was public domain. This collection features all 13 episodes of the series on DVD.

</doc>
<doc id="7006520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006520" title="KLOTZ DIGITAL">
KLOTZ DIGITAL



</doc>
<doc id="7006522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006522" title="Tertiary Sisters of St. Francis">
Tertiary Sisters of St. Francis

The Tertiary Sisters of St. Francis is a congregation of Roman Catholic religious sisters of the Third Order of St. Francis which was founded by Venerable Maria Hueber in 1700 in Brixen, Italy, in the South Tyrol. Their international motherhouse is in Rome.
History.
Maria Hueber was born May 22, 1653, in Brixen. The youngest of five children, she worked for a time as a nanny and as a housekeeper in neighboring towns to help support her widowed mother. Hueber returned to Brixen to care for her ill and elderly mother; there she joined the Third Order of St. Francis. Her mother died in 1696.
Her spiritual director, Isidor Kirnigl OFM told Hueber of a community of sisters he had met while in Rome, who were dedicated to teaching poor girls. With Kirnigl encouragement, in September 1700 she started the first free girls' school in Tyrol in Brixen. She and a companion, Regina Pfurner, began to live a religious life according to the Rule of the Franciscan Third Order Regular. Gradually, they were joined by other young women.
A second foundation was made in 1712 in Bolzano; another in Kaltern an der Weinstraße in 1723, and eventually throughout the Tyrol. In 1924 the first sisters traveled from Kaltern to a mission in Bolivia. Initially the separate foundations were independent sister communities. In 1929 they merged to form "Congregation of the Tertiary Sisters of St. Francis". In 1956 , the congregation was made an Institute of Pontifical Right. 
Present day.
As of 2021, there are over 480 sisters in four provinces: Italy, Austria, Bolivia, and Cameroon. The Generalate is in Rome.
Italy.
Besides ministries in teaching, nursing, elder care, and embroidery, the Brixen Provincial Motherhouse has a Christkindl workshop that has been making and repairing, according to the traditional methods, wax Christkindl figures for over 160 years. 
Cameroon.
The Cameroon Province was established when five Sisters were sent from Italy in response to a request for help by the Mill Hill Fathers working in that country. The Sisters ranged in age from 18 to 70. They arrived in Douala on October 16, 1935, where they were met by Fr. Franz Figl, M.H.M. After resting, the missionary band set out for Shisong, traveling first by train as far as Nkongsamba, and the rest of the trip by car.
Finding that a major bridge had been washed away by torrential rains, the Sisters were given hospitality by the Catholic populace of Babessi. They continued to Shisong, finally arriving at their destination and formally establishing their mission on April 8, 1936. The Sisters were later to return to Babessi and establish a number of services for the people of that region.
Today the Province numbers over 200 Sisters, who work in many fields of service, from medical care to nursing homes to social services. The Sisters formed a relationship in A.D. 2000 with three congregations of Franciscan Sisters in the United States, who had developed from one community and were looking for ways to mark their common sesquicentennial of foundation. They created what they call the "Common Venture" in which the American Sisters mentor the Africans on ways to better their spiritual and professional development.
In 2008, the Province established its own mission to assist the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafia in Nigeria.
Apostolates.
Teaching, Pastoral and Social Services, Orphanages, Office Management, and Catering

</doc>
<doc id="7006524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006524" title="The Goblin Wood">
The Goblin Wood

The Goblin Wood is a 2003 teen fantasy novel by Hilari Bell. The American Library Association named it a best book for young adults and a "popular paperback" for young adults in 2004.
Plot.
Makenna is a hedgewitch. Her mother is killed when a new priest is sent to town. Makenna flees for her life, and tries to flood the town in revenge. She flees to the woods and is teased by a group of goblins. Soon, she catches one goblin named Cogswhallop. She spares his life, and in return he convinces the other goblins to stop taunting her. Makenna later meets a friendly trader in the woods who tells her that the priesthood is working to eliminate all sources of magic they consider to not come from divine sources, including goblins and hedgewitches. Cogswhallop and his friends ask for Makenna's help to rescue a small goblin family from being burned to death by a priest. Makenna helps the goblins, and they form an alliance to help goblins and find a safe place to live.
One night, Tobin, a young knight, finds his brother fleeing from the guards to help the rebels. Tobin assists his brother but is caught and branded as a traitor. To save his name and family, Tobin accepts a mission to rid the northern lands of goblins to make space for settlers who have lost their land to the barbarians in the south. Tobin sets off for the far village to the north to take on the goblins and their leader, a "sorceress." In a northern town, Tobin meets a priest of the Bright Ones, who informs him of his mission, to seek out the goblin lair and plant the Otherworld stone near the sorceress's headquarters, allowing them to spy on her. Tobin sets out to find the lair but is caught by the goblins and taken to their village. While trying to escape, he drops the stone.
In the Goblin village, Tobin is chained to a post in a small jail. He watches and learns the customs of the goblins and sees they are not so different from human children. Makenna (the "sorceress") sits with him one day and performs a spell to learn what information he has. Makenna tells Tobin that she's only a hedgewitch. Tobin is released from prison to walk around the village with the children. He meets many goblins and becomes a familiar face in the village. That night, the village is raided by knights from the human town where Tobin met the priest. They had found the village using the Otherworld stone Tobin dropped. The town is soon overtaken, but Tobin helps many of the goblins escape.
Makenna sneaks into the human village to live as a servant with a family, who accept her after she saves a seven-year-old from choking to death. She flees that night and reunites with the goblins, and they plan their attack. The next night, Tobin and the goblins try to sneak into the village, but he is caught while trying to steal the priest's spell books from his tent. Makenna saves him and they flee with the books, hoping to lead the goblins to a new world.
Makenna, Tobin, and the goblins shelter together as Makenna, using a magical wall, performs a spell that opens a portal into a new world. As the army comes over the hill, the goblins, Makenna, and Tobin disappear into the portal, never to be heard from again. Cogswhallop and some other goblins stay behind to keep fighting the humans.

</doc>
<doc id="7006527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006527" title="NASCRAG">
NASCRAG

NASCRAG is the National Society of Crazed Gamers, a group of gamemasters, writers, and artists who have been presenting a series of multi-round role-playing tournaments at the Gen Con game convention since 1980. From 1980 through 2010 the tournaments were "Dungeons &amp; Dragons", since 2011 they have been for the Pathfinder Roleplaying Game (PFRPG).
The NASCRAG tournament is one of the largest and the oldest independent role-playing competitions at Gen Con. It is a multi-round, single-elimination, team advancement tournament in which teams of six (this number has varied over the years) compete with other teams in a role-playing adventure. Teams are scored on role-playing and achieving personal and team goals.
Organization.
NASCRAG is an independent gaming organization that consists of a core of 60 to 80 members.
GenCon provides Nascrag with 20-30 complimentary GM badges every year and some judges simply pay their own way.
Event organization duties for NASCRAG are handled by Ross Davidson and David Mitchard. NASCRAG was previously run by "Squirrel Queen" Carole Bland, who took over the post from her husband, NASCRAG Chief Lackey Emeritus, Len Bland, in 1993.
The job of marshaling the roughly 100 players per timeslot (4 or 5 timeslots per year) into manageable teams of six is handled by NASCRAG's Master of Ceremonies. In 2017 Doug Moore took over the Master of Ceremonies duties. From 2004 to 2016 the position was held by Tom Lommel and his assistant Buster Pishkur. Through many years in the 1980s and 1990s, Buster also assisted NASCRAG's longtime Head Marshall "Big" Al Baker.
NASCRAG's elaborate scorekeeping system is currently handled by Ross Davidson.
NASCRAG keeps a steady influx of fresh blood through the efforts of "pressgangs," led by Brian Chase and Doug Moore. Pressgangs wander the halls of Gen Con, attempting to persuade new players to join.
History.
In 1979 a group of friends attending Gen Con wanted to play in the D&amp;D Open. But the Open was very popular and had to turn away many players that year. These friends, headed up by Len Bland and James Robert, decided to run their own tournament starting in 1980.
Bill "Indy" Cavalier joined the group in 1982 (Fez III) and has been contributing an increasing number of illustrations to NASCRAG events ever since. Indy's lighthearted style complements NASCRAG's humorous adventures.
After more than three decades of existence, NASCRAG and its players have formed a growing community at Gen Con. Hundreds of players return every year to play and try to win. Some teams have been participating for decades. 
The judges are all highly experienced GMs and players, usually recruited from winning teams from past tournaments.
NASCRAG has been around long enough that several children of the original members now judge for the group.
Style.
Early NASCRAG adventures featured intricate story lines with epic heroic adventure and puzzle solving. This has evolved into an emphasis on role-playing, humor, and puzzles that differs greatly from the combat, strategy, and dice-rolling of traditional D&amp;D tournaments. The NASCRAG focus is on the characters, their interactions, and their relationship to the unfolding story. The characters are individually illustrated and often given distinctive mannerisms or vocal accents to encourage role-playing.
Adventures.
Primary Tournament.
Every year, NASCRAG runs a multi-round adventure as its primary tournament.
Secondary Events.
In some years (when they are feeling ambitious) NASCRAG will run a second event.

</doc>
<doc id="7006537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006537" title="Samanar">
Samanar



</doc>
<doc id="7006540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006540" title="Forging the Sword">
Forging the Sword



</doc>
<doc id="7006544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006544" title="Nascrag">
Nascrag



</doc>
<doc id="7006552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006552" title="Navohar">
Navohar



</doc>
<doc id="7006562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006562" title="Semovente da 75/34">
Semovente da 75/34

The Semovente da 75/34 was an Italian self-propelled gun developed and used during World War II. It was a 75 mm L/34 gun mounted on a M15/42 tank chassis. It saw action during the defence of Rome in 1943 and later served with the Germans in Northern Italy and the Balkans. 170 were produced during the war (60 M42 variants before the Armistice of Cassibile in September 1943, 110 M42/M43 variants later under German control). 
Development.
After the success of the Semovente da 75/18, it was decided to build a vehicle with a better gun, to improve its anti-tank capability (which on the former was given by the use of HEAT shells); some prototypes were built which replaced the Obice da 75/18 with a 75 mm L/32 field gun on the M14/41 tank chassis. Production began in spring 1943, with the 75 mm L/34 gun (the same as on the Carro Armato P 40) on the chassis of the M15/42 tank. Some sixty were built before the Italian armistice in September 1943.
Design.
While derived from the earlier Semovente, it differed somewhat from it; instead of two conjoined plates each thick, the frontal armour was made of a single thick plate and the casemate was modified to fit the longer gun. It had the same 192 HP petrol engine of the M15/42 which allowed for a reasonable top speed of .
Service.
The only operational use by the Regio Esercito was in the unsuccessful defence of Rome from 8–10 September 1943. After the Armistice of Cassibile, Italy switched sides in the war and their former ally, Germany, became their enemy. Some twelve Semoventi da 75/34 were assigned to the "CXXXV Gruppo " of the 135a Divisione Corazzata Ariete II. Only a few were destroyed in the fighting and the rest were seized by the Germans, which employed them in Italy and the Balkans; under German direction, some eighty more were built until 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="7006567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006567" title="Bailey's Comets">
Bailey's Comets

Bailey's Comets is an animated cartoon series that aired on CBS. The second season consisted entirely of reruns. The series was produced by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises and was created by David H. DePatie and Friz Freleng in association with Joe Ruby and Ken Spears. Like some Depatie-Freleng Enterprises shows like The Houndcats, Pink Panther, and The Barkleys, This show contained an adult laugh track.
Plot.
Different roller skating teams compete in a worldwide race to different locations searching for clues that will lead them to a million-dollar prize at the end of the race. Besides the teams interfering with each other, there were also outside forces and subplots that would step in to hinder the teams' progress.
Characters.
Bailey's Comets.
The protagonists and the team presented as most likely to win the million-dollar prize were a group of teenagers called Bailey's Comets. This team consisted of:
Other teams.
Bailey's Comets were constantly being hindered by the other skating teams who also interfere with one another. The following are the teams that compete against Bailey's Comets:
Commentators.
There were also two commentators named Gabby (voiced by Frank Welker impersonating Howard Cosell) and Dooter Roo (voiced by Daws Butler) keeping constant track of the proceedings from a helicopter. Very rarely, however, did they ever get involved in the actual goings-on of the race.

</doc>
<doc id="7006578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006578" title="Gus Schmelz">
Gus Schmelz

Gustavus Heinrich Schmelz (September 26, 1850 – October 14, 1925) was an American manager in Major League Baseball for the Columbus Buckeyes (1884), Cincinnati Red Stockings (1887–89), and Columbus Solons (1890–91) of the American Association. He was also the manager for the St. Louis Maroons (1886), Cleveland Spiders (1890), and Washington Senators (1894–97) of the National League. 
According to baseball historian Peter Morris, Schmelz was the first to capitalize on bunting, earning him the nickname "the Father of the Bunt". In 1891, "Sporting Life" referred to a player's habit of bunting as the "Schmelz system".
He was regarded as a player's manager, but his camaraderie with his players did not translate to pennants, as he never finished higher than second place. His lifetime managerial record was 624–703 (.470).
Schmelz died in his birthplace of Columbus, Ohio at age 75 and is buried at Green Lawn Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="7006587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006587" title="Internet sex addiction">
Internet sex addiction

Internet sex addiction, also known as cybersex addiction, has been proposed as a sexual addiction characterized by virtual Internet sexual activity that causes serious negative consequences to one's physical, mental, social, and/or financial well-being. It may also be considered a subset of the theorized Internet addiction disorder. Internet sex addiction manifests various behaviours: reading erotic stories; viewing, downloading or trading online pornography; online activity in adult fantasy chat rooms; cybersex relationships; masturbation while engaged in online activity that contributes to one's sexual arousal; the search for offline sexual partners and information about sexual activity.
Internet sex addiction can have several causes according to the American Association for Sex Addiction Therapy. The first cause is the neural physiological attachment that occurs during orgasms - reinforcing and attaching the images or scenarios to the addictive behavior concurrently. Secondly, psychological defects like abandonment, unimportance or lack of genuine attachment are sometimes medicated by the instances of sex addiction behavior. Thirdly, the internet sex addict may be using the addiction to balance a legitimate chemical imbalance due to major depression, a bipolar disorder or a manic depressive disorder. The cybersex addict may also struggle with intimacy anorexia since the cyber world feels safer than real relationships.
General.
Cybersex addiction is a form of sexual addiction and Internet addiction disorder. As a form of a compulsive behavior, it can be identified by three criteria: the failure of making a decision about engagement in the behavior, obsession with the behavior, and the inability to stop the behavior despite negative consequences.
Adults with this type of addiction engage in at least one of the relevant behaviors. The majority of reasons why individuals experiment with such forms of sexual expression are diverse, and can be associated with an individual's psychological disorders or issues. Individuals who suffer from low self-esteem, severely distorted body image, untreated sexual dysfunction, social isolation, depression, or are in recovery from a prior sexual addiction are more vulnerable to cybersexual addictions. Other psychological issues that may arise with this addiction include struggles for intimacy, self-worth, self-identity, self-understanding.
The impact of cybersex addiction may also impact the spouse, partner or others in relationships with the addict. The resulting effects on others may include depression, weight gain and lower self-esteem. If cyber sex addicts have children, their actions may also impact those children (whether they are grown adult children or younger dependents).
DSM classification.
There is an ongoing debate in the medical community concerning the insufficient studies, and of those, their quality, or lack thereof, and the resulting analysis and conclusions drawn from them, such as they are. So far, without repeatable, meaningful, measurable, and quantifiable analysis, no medical community wide acceptably reasonable standards, a definition, have been drawn yet.
Hence, internet sex addiction, just like its umbrella sexual addiction, is still not listed in the DSM-5, which is commonly used by psychiatrists in the United States for diagnosing patients problems in a standard uniform way.

</doc>
<doc id="7006592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006592" title="Namie Amuro discography">
Namie Amuro discography

The discography of Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro contains 12 studio albums, 7 compilation albums, 47 singles, 10 live albums, 14 video albums and 102 music videos. Amuro has also collaborated with Verbal of M-Flo and Ryōsuke Imai for her Suite Chic project. 
Namie Amuro made her musical debut as the lead vocalist of Super Monkey's in 1992 under the label Toshiba EMI. In 1995, she released her first single as a solo artist, "Taiyou no Season", under the same label. That same year, she released her first studio album "Dance Tracks Vol.1", which topped the Oricon weekly chart and charted for forty-four weeks and has sold over 2,000,000 copies. Only nine days after its release, Amuro released "Body Feels Exit", her first single under her new label Avex Trax. 
In 1996, Amuro released her first album under Avex Trax titled "Sweet 19 Blues", which reached number one on the Oricon Album Chart with 1,921,850 copies sold in its opening week, selling over 3 million units in Japan during its original chart run. Her 1997 single "Can You Celebrate?" sold over 2.2 million, making it Japan's best selling single by a solo female artist and the best selling single of that year. The single was followed by the highly successful album "Concentration 20". Her first greatest hits album "181920" was released prior to her hiatus in 1998. 
After a leave of absence, Amuro returned to the music scene with the 2000 album "Genius 2000". In 2005, she released her sixth studio album, "Queen of Hip-Pop", went on the 2nd place the Oricon weekly charta, and almost doubled the sale of her previous albums. It also topped the charts in Taiwan. 
Her seventh studio album, "Play" (2007), debuted at the top of the charts, outselling her previous album. It and was followed by "60s 70s 80s" (2008), which reached number one on the Oricon weekly and the monthly chart. On July 30, 2008, Amuro released her third greatest hits album, "Best Fiction". It spent six consecutive weeks at the number one position on the Oricon weekly charts. Selling over 1,840,088 copies, it won Best Album of the Year at the 50th Japan Record Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="7006594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006594" title="KFW">
KFW

KFW may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="7006597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006597" title="Bert Murray">
Bert Murray

Albert George Murray (born 22 September 1942) is an English former footballer who played as a winger. He played more than 100 games in the Football League for each of his four clubs, namely Chelsea, Birmingham City, Brighton &amp; Hove Albion and Peterborough United. He won six caps for England at under-23 level.
Murray started his career with Chelsea, and was an important figure in manager Tommy Docherty's "Diamonds" side of the mid-1960s, which won the League Cup in 1965 and narrowly missed out on FA Cup and League success. He made 183 appearances for Chelsea, scoring 44 goals.
Murray, along with several teammates, fell out with Docherty and was transferred to Birmingham City in 1966, where he linked up with ex-Chelsea teammate, Barry Bridges. He later played for Brighton &amp; Hove Albion and Peterborough United.
He went on to run a pub in Market Deeping, south Lincolnshire.

</doc>
<doc id="7006599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006599" title="VGS">
VGS

VGS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006600" title="Mekedatu">
Mekedatu

Mekedatu is a location along Kaveri in the border of Chamarajanagar and Ramanagara Districts. From this point, about 3.5 kilometers downstream, the river Kaveri flows through a deep and narrow gorge. Mekedatu means 'goat's leap' in Kannada. The name comes from an event which is believed to have been witnessed by herdsmen in that area a long time ago. It is said that a goat being chased by a tiger made a desperate attempt to save its life by leaping from one side of the gorge and managed to cross over the raging river below, whereas the tiger did not attempt to replicate this feat, and abandoned the chase. The point where the goat leapt has widened since then from erosion caused by the river Cauvery. It is about 110 km from Bengaluru via Kanakapura. There is also some mythological significance to this place (both Sangama and Mekedatu). In one version, the goat (meke) that is believed to have leapt across the Kaveri was Shiva in disguise. On both rocky precipices of the gorge, one can find strange holes, whose shapes resemble goats' hooves, though several times larger. It is believed that only divine goats could have marked their 'footprints' in such hard rocks.
At Mekedaatu, the Kaveri runs through a deep, narrow ravine of hard granite rock. The river, which is more than 150 meters wide at the confluence (at Sangama) flows through the hardly 10-meter-wide gorge at Mekedatu. It is said that a goat could leap over it, giving the falls the name Goat's Leap. Upstream on the Kaveri is the well known Shivanasamudra Falls with its hydro-electric power station, which was set up in 1902.
Gorge.
The water flows very fast through the gorge, gouging pits in the rocky riverbed. The rocks are slippery making it difficult to climb down the gorge. It is dangerous to swim in the river due to the hard and slippery rocks. Despite warning signs indicating that it is dangerous to swim in the gorge many people attempt it. There have been numerous incidents of people drowning at this place. 
Directions.
From Bangalore there are many tour operators who provide transport to Sangama.
From Kanakapura it is exactly 26 km. The drive to mekedatu takes one through the rustic interior villages of Karnataka making the drive a memorable one. On the way there are boards showing directions to Mekedaatu and Sangama. One will have to first drive to Sangama and then proceed to Mekedatu from there.
On the way to Mekedaatu there is fishing camp called Galibore Fishing Camp.
Nearby.
This place is en route to Mekedatu. Only a few people visit this place as most of them go by bus. In case people go on foot from Sangama, this place wouldn't be that hard to spot. Here water is not that powerful when compared to the actual place, thus making it much safer.
Chunchi Falls which is on Arkavati river is another nearby attraction in Kanakapura. 

</doc>
<doc id="7006607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006607" title="Acanthothoracid">
Acanthothoracid



</doc>
<doc id="7006617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006617" title="The Comedy of Plautus">
The Comedy of Plautus



</doc>
<doc id="7006622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006622" title="John Templeton Jr.">
John Templeton Jr.

John Marks Templeton Jr. (February 19, 1940 – May 16, 2015), also known as Jack Templeton, was an American physician. The elder son of Judith (née Folk) Templeton and investor, businessman and philanthropist Sir John Templeton, Jack Templeton served as the Chairman and President of the John Templeton Foundation.
Early life, education, and career.
Templeton was born in New York City and graduated from Yale University, where he was a member of Elihu senior society, as was his father. He later earned a medical degree at Harvard Medical School, and then served as a physician in the U.S. Navy. In 1977, he went to work at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia as a pediatric surgeon and trauma program director. His wife Josephine was a pediatric anesthesiologist at the same hospital.
He retired in 1995, as chief of pediatric surgery at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia to join the John Templeton Foundation and took over the leadership when his father died in 2008.
Also in the 1990s Templeton was featured on an episode of Rescue 911
Templeton was an evangelical Christian and an elder in the Presbyterian Church in America. The Templeton Honors College at Eastern University is named in his honor. He was a substantial contributor to conservative causes. In 2008, he donated $450,000 to the National Organization for Marriage, and his wife, Josephine, contributed $100,000. In 2009, he donated $300,000, again to the National Organization For Marriage. In a "Philadelphia Inquirer" article it was asserted that the Templetons had, between John and his wife, Josephine, donated $1 million to parties opposing same-sex marriage.
In 2010, "Politics Magazine" had named Templeton as one of the most influential Republicans in Pennsylvania.
Templeton died on May 16, 2015, from brain cancer in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. Survivors include his wife, Josephine (Pina) Gargiulo Templeton, whom he married in 1970; two daughters, Heather Dill and Jennifer Simpson; a brother; and six grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="7006623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006623" title="Aergia">
Aergia

In Greek mythology, Aergia (; , 'inactivity') is the personification of sloth, idleness, indolence and laziness. She is the translation of the Latin Socordia, or Ignavia: the name was translated into Greek because Hyginus mentioned her being based on a Greek source, and thus she can be considered as both a Greek and Roman goddess. Aergia's opposite character is Horme, a goddess of effort.
Family.
Aergia was the daughter of the primordial deities Aether and Gaia.
Mythology.
According to Statius, Aergia was said to be the 'torpid' guard in the court of Hypnos (Sleep) in the Underworld.

</doc>
<doc id="7006625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006625" title="John M. Templeton, Jr.">
John M. Templeton, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="7006628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006628" title="Kavanagh">
Kavanagh

Kavanagh or Kavanaugh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7006630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006630" title="Brehmstrasse">
Brehmstrasse



</doc>
<doc id="7006653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006653" title="The Pink Blueprint">
The Pink Blueprint

The Pink Blueprint is the 18th cartoon produced in the "Pink Panther" series. A total of 124 6-minute cartoons were produced between 1964 and 1980.
Plot.
A building contractor (the "Little Man") arrives on the site of a house being built. The Pink Panther emerges from inside a barrel on the site and sees the house's blueprints. The design has blue overtones and a more traditional "milk carton" shape; disgusted by the design on the blueprint, the Panther swaps it out for a "pinkprint", which, conversely, depicts a house that is futuristically rounded, sleek, and all pink, before sinking back into the barrel. Upon coming across the pink version of the blueprint, the contractor simply crumples it up and tosses it aside before continuing onward with his job. In response, the Pink Panther decides that if anyone will build his dream home, it will have to be himself.
The Pink Panther, continually eluding the sight of the contractor, begins working on the site himself, causing mishap after mishap to befall the contractor all the while in a series of gags. Ultimately, the Panther's deeds are finally exposed to the contractor, who furiously gives chase. Pink takes refuge in a paint shed, and the contractor boards up the door to ensure no further interference.
Inside the shed, the Pink Panther finds a bucket of blue stain, giving him an idea; he dips his "pinkprint" into the bucket to dye it blue. Reaching out through a hole in the shed door, the Panther swaps out the original blueprint in the contractor's pocket for his own. Upon returning to the site and seeing the blueprint he now has, the contractor immediately gets to work, and, when all is said and done, the house is finally finished, and he drives away contently. As the Pink Panther tunnels out from the ground through the shed, he is delighted to see what appears to be the outlandish house he wanted, but as he runs inside, it is revealed to really be the boringly-designed house the contractor was going to build, with a fancy-looking pink "facade" (false-front wall) loosely tacked onto the front for disguise.

</doc>
<doc id="7006654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006654" title="White Horse (album)">
White Horse (album)

White Horse is the title of the first solo album by Michael Omartian, released originally in 1974, on Dunhill Records and subsequently re-released on Myrrh Records as both a single album and as a compilation of "White Horse" and "Adam Again". (Both are now out-of-print.) Integrating elements of funk, gospel, and progressive rock (and utilizing the talents of some of the finest studio musicians and back-up singers of the time), "White Horse" is considered by some critics of contemporary Christian rock music, including Marty Phillips of Jesus Rock Legends (jrocklegends.wordpress.com), to be one of the most influential and revered albums of the genre.
In his Allmusic review, Mark Allender wrote, "... this record cooks from beginning to end. Christian Contemporary Music has never been so hip. CCM in general has a reputation for being watered down and unemotional, but this record squeaked through without any dilution at all... this record is his masterpiece."
Track listing.
All songs written by Michael &amp; Stormie Omartian.

</doc>
<doc id="7006657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006657" title="Aladdin Theater">
Aladdin Theater

The Aladdin Theater (also known as The Historic Cocoa Village Playhouse) is an historic theater in Cocoa, Florida, United States. It is located at 300 Brevard Avenue and originally opened its doors on August 18, 1924. On October 17, 1991, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Brevard Community College owned the theater from 1985 to 2010. In the mid-eighties, the college had rescued the theater from a dilapidated state. In 2010 the college offered ownership to the city of Cocoa. The theater has its own board of directors.
The annual budget for 2009 was about $263,000.
History.
In 1924 the Aladdin Theater first started showing silent movies and live acts. It was built for $80,000. The Sparks Theater chain purchased the Aladdin in 1939 and changed its name to the "State Theater."
The Kent Theater Chain purchased the building in 1960 and renamed it the Fine Arts Theater.
Subsequently, the city of Cocoa bought the building and renamed it the Cocoa Village Playhouse. The city sold it to Brevard Community College for $1 in 1984. Through donations, and grants, the building was restored from 1985 through 1989. In 1990, the playhouse began staging community based musicals.
The theater was heavily featured in the 1993 film Matinee, where it portrayed the fictional Key West Strand Theater. The film, set during the Cuban Missile Crisis, starred John Goodman.
In 2007, a $2.8 million annex was started.
In 2011, the building was returned to the city of Cocoa.
In 2012, there were 50,000 paying customers annually.

</doc>
<doc id="7006664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006664" title="Taranos">
Taranos



</doc>
<doc id="7006667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006667" title="Chicago town">
Chicago town



</doc>
<doc id="7006675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006675" title="Wasa Line">
Wasa Line

Wasaline, previously Oy Vaasa-Umeå Ab (1948–1965), Vaasa-Umeå AB (1965–1979), Oy Vaasanlaivat – Vasabåtarna Ab (1979–1991) and Wasa Line (1991–1993) are different names for the Finnish shipping company that ceased trading in 1993 when it merged into Silja Line. Since 2013 the name is being used by a new company that operates between Vaasa (homebase) and Umeå.
History.
In 1948, "Rederi Ab Vasa-Umeå" was founded to start passenger traffic across Kvarken, the narrowest part of the Gulf of Bothnia. On 28 May, the company's first ship MS "Turisten" made its first journey from Vaasa in Finland to Umeå in Sweden. People living on both sides of Kvarken are predominantly Swedish-speaking, as were the company founders, hence the company originally only had a name in Swedish and ships were named in Swedish.
The company's first ships were used steamers, only capable of summer traffic. In 1958, Merivienti Oy, subsidiary of the Finnish forest industry giant Enso-Gutzeit, became the largest owner of Rederi Ab Vasa-Umeå. With funds from the new owner, the company could purchase their first ship capable of carrying cars, SS "Korsholm III". In 1962, the company was delivered its only newbuild, MS "Vaasa", a freighter that spent most of its career in the company chartered elsewhere, until it was sold in 1964.
Oy Vaasa-Umeå Ab.
In 1964, , the company's first genuine car and passenger ferry was purchased from Sessan Linjen. Wasa Express started a trend of buying ships from Sessan Linjen, as well as the trend of giving ships names ending with Express. In 1965, the company name was changed into the bilingual form "Oy Vaasa – Umeå Ab". Two years later, with the purchase of the , operation between Vaasa and Sundsvall was launched. In 1970, a line from Vaasa to Örnsköldsvik was opened. The following year the company expanded further, opening a line between Pori and Sundsvall, however it proved unprofitable and was cancelled the following year.
In 1976, Vaasa-Umeå purchased MS "Viking 3" from Rederi Ab Sally, and reused the name "Wasa Express" for her. During the following decade three of her sister ships would also find their way into Vaasa-Umeå's fleet. In fact the company had considered ordering a newbuild of the same class in the early 70's, but had decided it would be too expensive.
Vaasanlaivat – Vasabåtarna.
Enso-Gutzeit became the sole owner of Vaasa-Umeå in 1979, and changed the company's name to "Vaasanlaivat – Vasabåtarna" (The Vaasa Boats). The same year Wasa Express' sister ship MS "Botnia Express" was added to the company's fleet. In 1981, the company chartered MS "Wasa Star" from Rederi AB Gotland, bringing the first large ferry to the Gulf of Bothnia. Unfortunately there were not enough passengers to support such a large ship and she was laid up in autumn 1982, later subchartered to Karageorgios Line in Greece. In 1982 Enso-Gutzeit decided to bow out of the shipping business, and Vaasanlaivat was sold to Rederi Ab Sally (most of their other operations passed to Effoa).
1986 saw the purchase of one of the longest operating ships on the Gulf of Botnia, when MS "Fennia" was purchased from Jakob Lines. A part of the payment was made in the form of MS "Fenno Express", a small ship better suited for Jakob Lines' traffic. By this time, "Sally" was doing rather badly financially, and in 1987 the company was purchased by Effoa and Johnson Line, the owners of Silja Line. The purchase had no immediate effect, although it did eventually prove decisive to the future of Vaasanlaivat.
Wasa Line.
In 1989, Vaasanlaivat acquired Jakob Lines, hence starting to traffic between Jakobstad and Kokkola in Finland and Skellefteå in Sweden. Officially Jakob Lines survived until 1991, but by that time all their ships had the funnel markings of Vaasanlaivat. In 1990, Vaasanlaivat's owners merged into EffJohn. 1991 saw the company's name changed into a more international form, "Wasa Line", and the purchase of the new MS "Wasa King" from their sister company Silja Line. The following year "Wasa King" was joined by another former Silja ferry, MS "Wasa Queen". Wasa Line proved to be short-lived however, as by 1993 EffJohn were forced to reorganise their operations in order to save money, and Wasa Line was merged into Silja Line.
Silja continued to operate on Kvarken, but the line to Sundsvall was cancelled in 1996, and after the termination of tax-free sales on intra-European Union travel, Silja bowed out of traffic in the area altogether in the year 2000.
Kvarken traffic after Silja Line.
For a while there was no traffic across Kvarken, until spring 2001 when the newly found RG Line purchased the "Fennia" from Silja Line and started up traffic from Vaasa to Umeå. RG Line filed for bankruptcy in November 2011.
The Swedish company Botnia Link operated routes between Vaasa-Umeå and Vaasa-Härnosand. Operations stopped in February 2002.
Current Wasaline.
In January 2012, the city of Vaasa and the municipality of Umeå founded a joint shipping company, NLC Ferry Ab Oy, to ensure the continuation of ferry traffic between the two cities. The company acquired the rights to the Wasaline brand from RG Line and started operations with the ferry "Wasa Express". Over the next years, Wasaline established itself as a reliable and valuable cargo carrier between Finland and Sweden and passenger numbers began rising once again. 
Plans to replace the ageing Wasa Express were first introduced in 2016. Construction agreement between Kvarken Link (the company founded to run the newbuild project) with Rauma Marine Constructions shipyard was signed in January 2021. The new ferry was named "Aurora Botnia" after a naming contest. Construction began in Rauma, Finland in September 2019. The ferry was launched in September 2020 and sea trials began in May 2021. Aurora Botnia made its maiden voyage between Vaasa and Umeå on August 28, 2021.
Ships.
Ships operated by current Wasaline:
Ships on this route operated by previous companies. Not a complete list.

</doc>
<doc id="7006676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006676" title="Bone fibres">
Bone fibres



</doc>
<doc id="7006680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006680" title="Manuel de Oms">
Manuel de Oms

Don Manuel de Oms y Santa Pau, 1st Marquess of Castelldosrius, Grandee of Spain (sometimes "marqués de Castell dos Rius") (1651 – 24 April 1710) was a Spanish diplomat, man of letters, and colonial official. From July 7, 1707 to April 22, 1710, he was viceroy of Peru.
Before becoming viceroy.
Manuel de Oms y de Santa Pau was born in Barcelona and belonged to a noble family of Catalonia. He was governor of Tarragona from 1677 and ambassador to Portugal from 1681. In 1698, Charles II, the last Habsburg king of Spain, named him ambassador to the court of Louis XIV in Paris. Oms was a francophile who favored the Bourbons in the War of the Spanish Succession. During the war, he took the part of the Duke of Anjou, the future Philip V of Spain. He it was who informed the French king that Charles had named the Duke of Anjou as his heir, with the words "Señor, desde este momento no hay Pirineos" ("Lord, from this moment there are no more Pyrenees.").
Charles II granted him the title of Marquess of Castelldosrius in 1696, and a Grandeeship, which was later attached to the title.
As a reward for his support, the Philip V named him viceroy of Peru in 1704, although he did not occupy the post until 1707.
As viceroy of Peru.
He took up his position as viceroy on July 7, 1707. He was able to send back an enormous sum of money (1,600,000 pesos) to the king to cover some of the costs of the war. This was possible in part because of the discovery of the mines in Caraboya. The collection of the money caused many protests, especially among the merchants, who brought suit against the viceroy many times in the "Tribunal del Consulado". The merchants also opposed his opening of the port of Callao to French shipping.
To this problem were added others: the increase in French contraband and the English attacks on the coast, especially those of Charles Wager and Thomas Colb in 1708 and those of Woodes Rogers between 1709 and 1711. To deal with the attacks, the viceroy tried to form a navy, recruiting men by means of a levy.
In 1709 he was accused of embezzlement and dealing in contraband. French merchandise had saturated the market, but most of it was landed at Pisco without duty being paid. (Pisco was a small port about 200 km south of Lima.) Members of the viceroy's family were apparently involved in the contraband. He was nearly stripped of his office, but the favor of the king and the large amounts of money he was remitting to Spain worked in his favor. His property in Catalonia was, however, confiscated, but was returned to his heirs in 1714.
He did reach an agreement with the merchants, whereby in return for their financial help he would expel the French from the viceroyalty. This was not a success, because the treasure ships he sent back from Panama to Spain thereby lost the protection of the French and were vulnerable to the English established in Jamaica.
Culture.
He was an educated and cultured man, and a man of letters. He translated the hymns of Saint Thomas Aquinas and wrote the dramas "El Mejor Escudo de Perseo" and "Triunfos del Amor y del Poder" and the comic sketch "A cantar un villancico". He founded a literary academy on September 23, 1709 and promoted weekly literary discussions in the palace that attracted some of Lima's best writers. These included the famous Criollo scholar Pedro Peralta y Barnuevo. He was the patron of several Indigenous poets. He introduced French and Italian fashions in the viceroyalty and composed some musical work.
The Italian musician Rocco Cerruti (1688–1760) had arrived in Peru with the viceroy.
Death.
Manuel de Oms y de Santa Pau died of illness in Lima on April 24, 1710. His heart was returned to Spain, and his body was entombed in San Francisco (Lima). Miguel Núñez de Sanabria, president of the "Audiencia" of Lima took over governmental functions on an interim basis.

</doc>
<doc id="7006681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006681" title="Combat Diver Company">
Combat Diver Company



</doc>
<doc id="7006687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006687" title="Perforating fibres">
Perforating fibres



</doc>
<doc id="7006689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006689" title="Stephen Alter">
Stephen Alter

Stephen Alter is an American author of more than 20 books of fiction and non-fiction. He was born in Mussoorie, India and much of his writing focuses on the Indian Himalayas and the broader Himalayan region. His novel, "Birdwatching" (Aleph 2022), received the 2023 Green Book of the Year Award at the Green Literature Festival, Bengaluru. "Wild Himalaya: A Natural History of the Greatest Mountain Range on Earth" (Aleph 2019) received the 2020 Banff Mountain Book Award in the Mountain Environment and Natural History category and the 2021 Kekoo Naoroji Award for Himalayan Literature. It was also shortlisted for the Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay NIF Prize. "Becoming a Mountain: Himalayan Journeys in Search of the Sacred and the Sublime" (Aleph 2014) received the 2015 Kekoo Naoroji Award. "In The Jungles of the Night: A Novel about Jim Corbett" (Aleph 2016) was shortlisted for the DSC South Asian Literature Award.
He has written extensively on natural history, folklore and mountain culture, particularly in his travel memoir "Sacred Waters: A Pilgrimage to the Many Sources of the Ganga". Educated at Woodstock School and Wesleyan University, Alter has taught at the American University in Cairo, Egypt, where he was director of the writing program for seven years. Following this, he was a writer-in-residence at MIT for ten years. 
Among the honours he has received are fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation, the Fulbright Program, the East West Centre in Hawaii, and the Banff Centre for Mountain Culture. 
His most recent novel is "Death in Shambles: A Hill Station Mystery" (Aleph 2023) and his latest non-fiction book, is "The Cobra's Gaze: Exploring India's Wild Heritage" (Aleph 2024). Alter also carries an Overseas Citizenship of India.

</doc>
<doc id="7006690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006690" title="The Twelve Powers of Man">
The Twelve Powers of Man



</doc>
<doc id="7006692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006692" title="Vignan Engineering College">
Vignan Engineering College

Vignan's Foundation for Science, Technology and Research University is a deemed university in Andhra Pradesh, India, offering graduate (Masters) under-graduate (Bachelors) and PhD courses in Engineering and Technology. It is located at Vadlamudi, Guntur, Andhra Pradesh.
History.
The college's first campus was established in 1997 at Vadlamudi. Later, another campus of the Engineering College started at Deshmukhi near in 2024Hyderabad.
It has been awarded Deemed University status, is approved by AICTE and NBA, and is an ISO 9001:2000 certified institution. The college founder is Dr. Lavu Rathaiah.
Hyderabad campus.
It is also called Off campus of Vignan's Foundation for Science, Technology &amp; Research. It was inaugurated in 2024 by Dr. Lavu Rathaiah. It is situated near Ramoji Film City along with vignan institute of technology and science.
Electronics and Communication Engineering.
The department began in 1997, catering to the needs of four year B.Tech. ECE students. Up to 1999 the annual intake of ECE department was 40; in 1999 the intake was enhanced to 60; since 2000, the intake has been 120. The department initiated a PG program in M.Tech. in 2006. Consequent to the establishment of JNT University in Kakinada, the affiliations of both programmes were shifted to the new university from 2008 onwards. The undergraduate programme Electronics and Communication was accredited by NBA in 2006. In 2008, the college was accredited by NAAC and awarded an ‘A’ grade. The institution has been conferred with Deemed-to-be University status by UGC from January 2009
Computer Science and Engineering.
The department of CSE was started in 1997. The department began with an annual intake of 40, and reached 120 students in 2001. The department provides computing resources for research and education. This includes more than 200 computers with Linux and Windows platforms. The School of Computing has around 50 faculty who are specialists in the areas of Databases, Data Mining, Computer Architecture, Operating Systems, Image Processing, Wireless Networks, Artificial Neural Networks, Information Security and Programming Languages. The department also conducts co-curricular activities on the name of VCODE
Information technology.
The department started in 1999 with an intake of 30. The intake of the department has since been increased by 150 over a span of 6 years. In Visakhapatnam branch, the head of the department of information technology branch Sri Bode Prasad is one of the most noticeable person, for his efforts in NSS services, and many inevitable effort of student rights and well-being.
Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
The undergraduate program in Electrical and Electronics Engineering was started in 1999 with an annual intake of 40 students. By 2001, the intake was 60. The department started a postgraduate program, M.Tech. (Power Electronics and Drives) with an annual intake of 80 students in 2006.
Chemical Engineering.
The department of Chemical Engineering began in 1997. Starting with a student intake of 40, the intake was 60 in 2002. The M.Tech. program was introduced in 2004. Chemical Engineering has faculty who are specialists in the areas of Fluid Mechanics, Heat Transfer, Mass Transfer Operations, Chemical Reaction Engineering, Mechanical Unit Operations, Process Dynamics and Control, Chemical Technology, Chemical Engineering Thermodynamics, Chemical Process Calculations, Chemical Process Equipment Design and Chemical Process Modeling, Simulation and Optimization.
Mechanical Engineering.
The department began in 1997 with a student intake of 60. The postgraduate program, offering specialization in machine design, was started in 2005. The faculty have specializations in the areas of Design, Thermal, Production and Industrial engineering. The faculty strength is 17 comprising two professors, six Associate Professors and nine Assistant Professors...
Bio–technology.
The college started a Bio–Technology branch in 2006 with an intake of 60.
Civil Engineering.
The Department of Civil Engineering is committed to research and development in civil engineering. started in the year 2008
Library facility.
The library subscribes to online IEEE and ASME journals. The digital library with high speed Internet connection and access to online journals helps students prepare for competitive exams like GATE, GRE, CAT, TOFEL besides collating and compiling material for paper presentation, seminar etc.
Open-air theatres.
Two open-air theatres have a seating capacity of 15,000 to 20,000 students. A regular event in the theatre is Vignan Mahostav - a National Level Youth Festival.
Seminar halls.
There are two (250 sq.m. and 250 seating capacity each) centrally air-conditioned seminar halls. Each hall is fitted with a projector and public address system. These seminar halls are also used for cultural programs like dance, drama and music.
Recreation and sports facilities.
The campus is equipped with facilities for outdoor games like cricket, football, volleyball, tennis, basketball and 400 meter track athletics.

</doc>
<doc id="7006693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006693" title="Stuart Markowitz">
Stuart Markowitz



</doc>
<doc id="7006695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006695" title="Peace be upon him in Judaism">
Peace be upon him in Judaism



</doc>
<doc id="7006699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006699" title="Peace be upon him in Islam">
Peace be upon him in Islam



</doc>
<doc id="7006701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006701" title="Liger (disambiguation)">
Liger (disambiguation)

A liger is a crossbreed between a lion and a tiger.
Liger may also refer:

</doc>
<doc id="7006703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006703" title="Tampa Theater and Office Building">
Tampa Theater and Office Building



</doc>
<doc id="7006706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006706" title="Ann Kelsey">
Ann Kelsey



</doc>
<doc id="7006717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006717" title="Waziristan Accord">
Waziristan Accord

The Waziristan Accord (or North Waziristan Accord) was an agreement between the government of Pakistan and tribals resident in the Waziristan area to mutually cease hostilities in North Waziristan (a district in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan). The agreement was signed on 5 September 2006 in the North Waziristan town of Miranshah. The agreement effectively ended the Waziristan War, fought between the Pakistani military and rebels in the border region with ties to the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. However, recent attacks by the pro-Taliban militants suggest that the truce has been broken by the militants who attacked and killed 50 Pakistanis including soldiers and police. The attacks are also believed to have been as a retaliation for the Lal Masjid attacks by Pakistan Army.
Initial reports characterized the accord as an agreement with the Taliban. However, the Government of Pakistan has strenuously denied that the Taliban were party to the accord, nor that the accord is a deal with the Taliban. News sources continue to report that the Taliban fighters exert significant and perhaps dominant control over the area, and were the main force behind the peace agreement (see Islamic Emirate of Waziristan). Voice of America reports, for instance, that the pact received the blessing of Mullah Omar, the former leader of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
Details of the accord.
The accord consists of 16 clauses and 4 sub-clauses. The major points include:
Perspectives on the accord.
Mood in Pakistan.
Some Islamabad-based observers view the truce accord as a prelude to hot pursuit chases of mujahideen into Pakistan by NATO forces operating in Afghanistan. They view it as a defeat for the principle of territorial integrity of Pakistan.
Pervez Musharraf has said,"This treaty is not to deal with the Taliban. It is actually to fight the Taliban." Former Pakistan cricket captain and leader of a political party, Imran Khan stated "Waziristan has been a disaster; there's been a disgraceful withdrawal from there. The Pakistan Army has been defeated"
Comments by Afghanistan's Foreign Minister.
Afghan Foreign Minister Rangeen Dadfar Spanta said the peace accord in North Waziristan is insufficient. He commented to the BBC:
I believe this is a cardinal mistake to believe that Waziristan is the only centre of terrorist activity. I think it is [in] a lot of other places in our region and a lot of organisations and also madrassas [religious schools], that they are the centre of terrorist activity.
From the White House.
White House spokesman Tony Snow, commenting on 7 September 2006, said that Islamabad had given the US assurances that the ceasefire accord would not undermine the hunt for Osama bin Laden and the agreement was aimed at combating extremism.
From the Taliban.
Commenting immediately after the accord, Abdullah Farhad, a local Taliban spokesman, said there were no foreign fighters in the area, and if there were, the Government should have provided evidence of their existence.
Views from third parties.
The deal has been severely criticized in the western press with one editorial describing it as "the terms of surrender by Pakistan to the Taliban and al Qaeda". Another column termed it as an "unconditional surrender of Waziristan" by Pakistan, adding that the deal is "a boon to the terrorists and a humiliation for the Pakistani government." Some other newspapers have commented that the deal is a "short-term defeat" that risked the wrath of its US allies to secure "long-term strategic gains"; and quoted a retired Pakistan general as saying it was a "tactical retreat". Additionally, it was argued that "since initiated, all of the deals have failed, precipitating a resurgence of Taliban hostilities."
An "Islamic Emirate of Waziristan" and the Accord.
Some commentators have seen the Waziristan accord as giving de facto sovereignty to rebel factions in the region, or at least some form of autonomy or quasi-independence. This perspective, as well as actions taken by these organizations that are usually performed by autonomous countries, has led to the use of names such as the "Islamic Emirate of Waziristan" or the "Islamic State of Waziristan" to describe the rebel organizations that wield power in Waziristan.
In 2007, the main supporter of the truce Chairman joint chiefs, Gen. Ehsan ul Haq, the main author of the accord and supporter, openly testified the failure to end the violence and expulsion of Central Asian and Afghan Arabs in the country noting that, "the al-Qaeda and the Taliban militants used the peace agreement to regroup and carry out terrorist attacks in both Pakistan and Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="7006719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006719" title="Michael Hawkins (American actor)">
Michael Hawkins (American actor)

Thomas Knight Slater (December 26, 1938 – November 14, 2022), known professionally as Michael Hawkins and credited sometimes as Michael D. Gainsborough, was an American actor. He is known for playing Frank Ryan on the soap opera "Ryan's Hope" (1975–1976). He was the father of actor Christian Slater.
Life and career.
Thomas Knight Slater was born in Queens, New York on December 26, 1938, the son of Helen Margaret (née Knight; 1913–1999) and Thomas G. Slater (1907–1961). He would later also use the stage name Michael Gainsborough. His uncle was radio personality Bill Slater.
Hawkins spent the early part of his childhood in Forest Hills section of Queens, as well as in Texas and Tennessee. Later in the 1940s, he lived in the Strathmore section of Manhasset, Long Island. He was athletic and was one of the faster boys at his grade school, Munsey Park School, and started his acting and singing career in a fourth-grade production of the Gilbert Sullivan operetta, HMS Pinafore, as Captain Corcoran. His family left Manhasset in 1950. It is not clear where he was raised after that point.
After a small role on the CBS soap opera "Search for Tomorrow", he played Dr. Paul Stewart #4 on another CBS soap opera, "As the World Turns". He later replaced David Birney as Mark Elliott on another CBS show, "Love is a Many Splendored Thing". He later played Larry Kirby #2 on the NBC soap opera "How to Survive a Marriage".
Hawkins later created the role of Frank Ryan on the ABC soap opera "Ryan's Hope" but was fired from the role at the end of the show's first year reportedly due to his alcoholism and inability to memorize lines correctly. He was asked back, but replaced with actor Andrew Robinson later that year. At the time she was cast in "Ryan's Hope", Helen Gallagher, who played matriarch Maeve Ryan, taught singing in her home three times a week. Hawkins was one of her students.
Hawkins was married to casting director Mary Jo Slater until their divorce in 1976; their only child is actor Christian Slater.
Hawkins died in Los Angeles on November 14, 2022, at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="7006722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006722" title="Michael Hawkins (British actor)">
Michael Hawkins (British actor)

Stanley Michael Hawkins (26 November 1928 – 26 October 2014) was a British actor. Though rarely the star in any series or film in which he appeared, Hawkins appeared in supporting roles in dozens of productions over three decades.
His credits included parts in "The Avengers", "I, Claudius", "George and Mildred", "Doomwatch", "The Brothers (1972 TV series)" and the "Doctor Who" story "Frontier in Space".
Hawkins retired in 1979, and died on 26 October 2014, at the age of 85.

</doc>
<doc id="7006726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006726" title="Nathanael Bartholomew">
Nathanael Bartholomew



</doc>
<doc id="7006730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7006730" title="Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph von Schelling">
Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph von Schelling



</doc>
