<doc id="6927366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927366" title="Friday Night, Saturday Morning">
Friday Night, Saturday Morning

Friday Night, Saturday Morning was a UK television chat show with a revolving guest host. It ran on BBC2 from 28 September 1979 to 2 April 1982, broadcast live from the Greenwood Theatre, a part of Guy's Hospital. It was notable for being the only television show to be hosted by a former British Prime Minister (Harold Wilson), and for an argument about the blasphemy claims surrounding the film "Monty Python's Life of Brian" (1979).
The programme was the idea of Iain Johnstone and Will Wyatt, who insisted on a changing presenter every fortnight. Another innovation was that the presenters chose the guests they were to interview.
Harold Wilson.
The editions of 12 and 19 October 1979 were the first television shows ever hosted by a former or sitting British prime minister. Harold Wilson had resigned as PM three years earlier. A media-savvy personality, he seemed a promising host for a talk show, an experiment now seen as a failure. Wilson was at a loss, often leaving gaps while he tried to think of a question to ask his guests, notably Harry Secombe. When asked what Shakespearean roles she would have wished to have played, Pat Phoenix listed some, then said wistfully, "... but I'm a bit past it now." Failing to pick up on this, Wilson attempted to ask another question, at which point Phoenix exclaimed, "Say 'No'!" In 2000, "Friday Night, Saturday Morning" was voted in the "100 TV Moments from Hell" by Channel 4. One critic described Wilson's reading the autocue as if it were the Rosetta Stone.
Producer Iain Johnstone later attributed Wilson's poor performance to memory loss. It may have been an early sign of the Alzheimer's disease which caused Wilson's later dementia.
"Monty Python's Life of Brian".
On the edition of 9 November 1979, hosted by Tim Rice, a discussion was held about the then newly released film "Monty Python's Life of Brian", which had been banned by many local councils and caused protests throughout the world with accusations that it was blasphemous. To argue in favour of this accusation were veteran broadcaster and noted Christian Malcolm Muggeridge, and The Rt Rev. Mervyn Stockwood, the then Bishop of Southwark. In defence of the film were two members of the Monty Python team, John Cleese and Michael Palin.
According to "Monty Python - The Case Against", by Robert Hewison, the show "began affably enough, with Cleese and Palin talking on their own to their host, Tim Rice – himself the lyricist of "Jesus Christ Superstar," which had also faced accusations of blasphemy a decade earlier". Hewison continues, "but while a second clip from the film was being shown, Stockwood and Muggeridge were brought on to the set. The full effect of the entry of the Bishop in his sweeping purple cassock and chunky cross was missed by the television audience, who found him already seated beside a bronzed and gleaming Malcolm Muggeridge when the film excerpt ended. Rice explained that Stockwood and Muggeridge had seen the film earlier in the day and invited their comments. With that, the gloves were off."
The debate quickly became heated and included the following exchange:
The Pythons initially seemed shocked by the aggression of the attack, especially because all four had met before the show, when there had been no hint as to what was to come.
The Bishop made the point that without Jesus this film would not exist, and ignored the Pythons' protestations that the film was about the abuse of faith, not faith itself.
In his diaries, published in 2006, Michael Palin wrote of the Bishop:
Muggeridge complained about the ease with which the Pythons "were able to extract humour from the most solemn of mysteries". He said he was upset that this film was, to him, denigrating the one man who inspired every great artist, writer, composer, etc. Cleese was keen to point out that there were other religions, and that civilisation existed before Christ. Michael Palin says of this incident in the book "The Pythons", edited by Bob McCabe, that when Muggeridge said "that Christianity had been responsible for more good in the world than any other force in history", Cleese said "what about the Spanish Inquisition?"
The studio audience appeared to be on the side of the Pythons throughout, especially when Cleese said, "four hundred years ago, we would have been burnt for this film. Now, I'm suggesting that we've made an advance."
At some points, the Pythons tried to control the audience, who, they felt, were showing inappropriate partisanship in their favour.
Cleese, defending the film, went on to say that it was about "closed systems of thought, whether they are political or theological or religious or whatever: systems by which, whatever evidence is given to a person, he merely adapts it, fits it into his ideology".
As the debate went on, the Pythons found it harder to be polite. According to Palin, the Bishop was "outrageously dismissing any points we made as 'rubbish' or 'unworthy of an educated man'".
Bishop Stockwood was particularly upset at the use of the crucifixion, forgetting the distinction between it as Christian symbol and its use as a traditional Roman punishment. The debate ended with the Bishop pointing at the Pythons and saying "you'll get your thirty pieces of silver".
Cleese has frequently said that he enjoyed the debate, because, he believed, the film was "completely intellectually defensible". However, after viewing the debate again in 2013 for BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme, Cleese said that it left him bored and he realised that there was no attempt at a proper discussion, or to find any common ground.
Palin told McCabe: "It turned out, after the show, that they'd missed the first fifteen minutes of the film, because they'd been having a nice lunch. John was brilliant in that show. I remember it used to be Douglas Adams's favourite bit of television ... He thought it was such a rivetting piece of TV, and it really is". Palin also claimed that, after the discussion, both his foes said "How pathetic, hopeless and meaningless and juvenile it was. Instead of there being any sort of division between us afterwards, they came up as though we'd all been 'showbiz' together, out doing an entertainment, with the Bishop saying 'That all seemed to go very well'. I hadn't realised they weren't being vindictive, they were just performing to the crowd."
Also backstage, according to Palin, he had met Raymond Johnston from the "Nationwide Festival of Light", a prominent Christian group who had been campaigning to have "Life of Brian" banned. Instead of aggression, though, Johnston was most complimentary to Palin, saying he had been embarrassed by the performance of the Bishop. Palin says "[Johnston] had found it quite clear that Brian and Jesus were separate people", and that the film was making some "very valid points about organised religions".
Looking back, Michael Palin recalled in "The Guardian": "[w]e had done our homework, thinking we were going to get into quite a tough theological argument, but it turned out to be virtually a slanging match. We were very surprised by that. I don't get angry very often, but I got incandescent with rage at their attitude and the smugness of it". Cleese preferred to sum it all up by saying "I always felt we won that one by behaving better than the Christians".
The programme and the events surrounding it were told in a Pythonesque fashion in the television film "Holy Flying Circus", broadcast on BBC Four in October 2011.
After this debate, a parody of the discussion appeared on the satirical comedy show "Not The Nine O'Clock News". Chaired by a host played by Pamela Stephenson (who herself would later appear as a guest on "Friday Night, Saturday Morning"), the parody discussion involved a bishop (played by Rowan Atkinson) defending his new film, "General Synod's Life of Christ", which was accused of being "a thinly disguised and blasphemous attack on the members of Monty Python, men who are, today, still revered throughout the western world."
Episode guide.
There were 64 editions broadcast over six series.

</doc>
<doc id="6927369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927369" title="Joe Cox">
Joe Cox



</doc>
<doc id="6927370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927370" title="SK Rye">
SK Rye

Sportsklubben Rye is a sports club based in Oslo, Norway. It has sections for cycling, triathlon, swimming, and athletics.
SK Rye is responsible for arranging "Nordmarka Rundt", "Øyeren Rundt", "Oslo Triathon", "Ryeløpet" and one stage of the "Scott Cup" every season.
Riders from SK Rye have dominated the 540 km Styrkeprøven race in recent years, and also hold the record for the fastest time.

</doc>
<doc id="6927376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927376" title="Plasma gasification">
Plasma gasification

Plasma gasification is a thermal process that converts organic matter into a syngas (synthesis gas) which is primarily made up of hydrogen and carbon monoxide. A plasma torch powered by an electric arc ionizes gas and transforms organic matter into syngas, producing slag as a byproduct. It is used commercially as a form of waste treatment. It has been tested for the gasification of refuse-derived fuel, biomass, industrial waste, hazardous waste, and solid hydrocarbons, such as coal, oil sands, petcoke, and oil shale.
Process.
A plasma torch passes strong electric current under high voltage between two electrodes as an electric arc. Pressurized gas is ionized passing through the plasma created by the arc. The torch's temperature ranges from . The temperature determines the structure of the plasma and forming gas.
The waste is heated, melted and finally vaporized. At these conditions molecular dissociation occurs by breaking apart molecular bonds. Complex molecules are separated into individual atoms. The resulting elemental components are in a gaseous phase (syngas). Molecular dissociation using plasma is referred to as "plasma pyrolysis."
Materials.
Smaller torches typically use an inert gas such as argon, while larger sizes require nitrogen. Electrodes vary from copper or tungsten to hafnium or zirconium, along with other alloys.
Feedstocks.
Feedstocks are most often refuse-derived fuel, biomass waste, both or biomedical waste and hazardous materials. The content and consistency of the waste directly impacts performance. Extracting treatable material improves consistency. Too much inorganic material such as metal and construction waste increases slag production, while decreasing syngas production. However, the slag is chemically inert and safe to handle. Shredding waste to create uniform particles is generally required. This creates an efficient transfer of energy which breaks down the material.
Added steam supports steam reforming.
Yields.
Pure synthesis gas consists predominantly of carbon monoxide (CO) and hydrogen (H2). Inorganic compounds in the waste stream melt, including glass, ceramics, and metals.
The temperature and lack of oxygen prevents the formation of many toxic compounds such as furans, dioxins, nitrogen oxides, or sulfur dioxide in the flame. However, dioxins form during cooling.
Metals can be recovered from the slag and sold. Inert slag produced from some processes is granulated and can be used in construction. A portion of the syngas feeds on-site turbines, which powers the plasma torches and thus supports the feed system.
Equipment.
Some plasma gasification reactors operate at negative pressure, although most attempt to recover gaseous and/or solid resources.
Advantages.
The main advantages of plasma torch technologies for waste treatment are:
Disadvantages.
Main disadvantages of plasma torch technologies for waste treatment are:
Commercialization.
Plasma torch gasification is used commercially for waste disposal at five sites worldwide with a combined design capacity of 200 tonnes of waste per day, half of which is biomass waste.
Energy recovery from waste streams using plasma gasification is used in one or two installations treating 25–30 tonnes per day.
Military use.
The US Navy employs the Plasma Arc Waste Destruction System (PAWDS) on its latest generation Gerald R. Ford-class aircraft carrier. The compact system treats all combustible solid waste.

</doc>
<doc id="6927384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927384" title="FC Fakel-Voronezh">
FC Fakel-Voronezh



</doc>
<doc id="6927387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927387" title="Jason Kearton">
Jason Kearton

Jason Brett Kearton (born 9 July 1969) is an Australian soccer coach and former professional player.
He was a goalkeeper from 1987 until 2004. After starting his career with Brisbane Roar, he moved to England to play in the Premier League for Everton. He also played in England with Stoke City, Blackpool, Notts County, Preston North End and Crewe Alexandra. He finished his career with Brisbane Strikers and now owns his own goalkeeping coaching school.
Playing career.
Kearton was born in Ipswich, Queensland, and began his career in his native land, firstly with Coalstars and then with the Brisbane Lions. In 1988, at the age of 19, he made the biggest move of his career when then-Everton manager Colin Harvey signed him as cover for first-choice Neville Southall. He was never able to dislodge Southall from the number one spot at Goodison Park making eight appearances for the club in eight years. He spent time out on loan at Stoke City in 1991–92 where Kearton kept six clean sheets in sixteen appearances for the Potters. He also spent time on loan at Blackpool (14 appearances) and Notts County (12 appearances).
In 1995, Kearton signed for Dario Gradi's Crewe Alexandra, where he spent four years and made close to 200 league appearances helping the side gain promotion in 1996–97 by beating Brentford in the play-off final. In August 2001, he returned to his homeland and went on to play for Brisbane Strikers and Queensland Lions.
In 2014, Kearton was an unused substitute for the Roar in an FFA Cup match against Adelaide United.
Coaching career.
Kearton is the owner, founder and head coach of Jason Kearton Goalkeeping, an Australian-based goalkeeping soccer academy. He was appointed goalkeeping coach of A-League club Brisbane Roar in 2012.
Personal life.
He has two UK-born children, Jake and Chloe.

</doc>
<doc id="6927389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927389" title="Shalim (god)">
Shalim (god)



</doc>
<doc id="6927395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927395" title="Heinrich von Eckardt">
Heinrich von Eckardt

Heinrich von Eckardt (20 July 1861, in Riga, Russian Empire – 3 March 1944, in Jena, Germany) was a Baltic German diplomat in the service of the German Empire.
Life and work.
After studying jurisprudence at the University of Jena from 1881 to 1885, Eckardt went to Istanbul in 1886, as a member of the German diplomatic service. From 1899 he was posted to Tehran, Belgrade, Athens, Havana (1908 – 1910) and Cetinje (1911 – 1914).
During the First World War, Eckardt was Resident Minister for the German Empire in Mexico, taking up the appointment in 1914 and holding it until 1918. After the departure of the German supported President Victoriano Huerta in 1914, German sentiment towards the new President, Venustiano Carranza, was significantly negative; Eckardt believed Carranza's government ministries were "prototypes of vulgarity and depravity". His attitude towards the president remained bitter, despite attempts by Carranza to suppress anti-German publications, which he described as "pedant mediocrity".
Zimmermann Telegram.
Eckardt is known for being the recipient of the Zimmermann Telegram, a telegram sent by German Foreign Secretary Arthur Zimmermann on January 16, 1917. The message was first sent to the German ambassador to the United States, Johann von Bernstorff, to deter interception, and he relayed it to Eckardt on January 19. However, the telegram was intercepted by the British on its way from Bernstorff to Eckardt and was decoded by Room 40. In the telegram, Zimmermann instructed Eckardt to approach President Venustiano Carranza with a proposition in two parts: firstly, to form an alliance with Germany, and secondly, should Germany drop its neutrality against the United States, to join Germany in attacking the U.S. and to help persuade Japan into aiding them with the attack. The telegram was left vague and Eckardt was told to work out the details himself as he presented them to Carranza. He was also asked to call Carranza's attention to the Battle of the Atlantic and the possibility that it may further attempts to compel the British into peace.
Despite the discovery of the telegram by the United States and Britain, Eckardt approached Foreign Secretary Cándido Aguilar and gave him the proposal a month after the message was sent. Aguilar was sympathetic, but both he and Carranza eventually turned Germany down, mainly due to the premature release. Mexico feared American influence, though, and Eckardt was somewhat able to sway Carranza, who ordered pro-Allied newspapers to reverse their stance. These German-centric reports initially led Eckardt to believe the armistice was a propagandic myth. Further confusion resulted in a Guadalajaran newspaper overlapping pro-German sentiment with Eckardt's instructions for pro-Carranza reports when Carranza's anticlericalism caused the newspaper to criticise the Catholic Church, leading to the church's boycott and Eckardt's unsuccessful attempts to coax them out of it.
Eckardt was previously the German ambassador to the Kingdom of Montenegro during the Balkan Wars. He was present on April 27, 1913 when Austria demanded to King Nicholas that Montenegro return Scutari to Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="6927396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927396" title="Elfrida Vipont">
Elfrida Vipont

Elfrida Vipont Brown (3 July 1902 – 14 March 1992) was an English writer of children's literature. She was born in Manchester into a family of Quakers. As a children's writer, she initially published under a man's name, Charles Vipont, which was a common marketing device by publishers at the time. She later wrote as Elfrida Vipont, and after her marriage sometimes as E. V. Foulds. She was also a schoolteacher and a prominent Quaker.
Early life.
Born in Manchester on 3 July 1902, Elfrida Brown was the youngest of the three children of Edward Vipont Brown (1863–1955), a general practitioner and Dorothy Brown (née Crowley) (1874–1968).
She was educated at Manchester High School for Girls and The Mount School, York, which were not unlike the "Chesterham High School" and "Heryot School" she portrayed in "The Lark in the Morn". After a time of reading history at Manchester University, she realized that what she really wanted to sing, and went on to study it with teachers in London, Paris and Leipzig and to work as a freelance writer and lecturer.
In 1926, Vipont married R. Percy Foulds, a research technologist. They had four daughters. She started her writing career during their early years.
During World War II she was headmistress of an Evacuation School set up by Quakers in Manchester at Liverpool and Yealand Conyers, a small village in Lancashire, where children from those cities and from further afield were sent for safety, away from the wartime bombing. Three of her own daughters were pupils at the school.
Elfrida Foulds had already published three books for children before the war. After it was over she became a writer in many fields, with interests in history, Quakerism and music. She wrote nearly two dozen novels, stories and anthologies for children and young adults, including "The Lark on the Wing", which won the Carnegie Medal in 1951.
Service to Quakers.
Elfrida Fouldes was a lifelong member of the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers). She served on the Meeting for Sufferings of London Yearly Meeting (an executive committee) from 1939 to 1985; from 1969 to 1974 she was its Clerk. She also served on the Friends Service Council, the Friends Education Council, the Library Committee and the Friends Historical Society Executive Committee. She was also a long-serving member of the Ackworth School Committee. She also served on the committee that arranged for British Quakers' Yearly Meeting, and participated in the revision of the Quaker Book of Discipline. Elfrida Foulds lived for many years at Yealand Conyers, while travelling worldwide for Quaker committees and lecturing in schools and libraries.
Writing career.
Elfrida Fouldes wrote "serious books" about Quakerism, some under her married name E. V. Foulds. One was her first published book, "Quakerism: An International Way of Life" (1930).
She used a man's pen name, Charles Vipont, to write adventure stories for boys (first in 1939); that was a common marketing device by Oxford University Press and other publishers of female authors. "The Heir of Craigs" (Oxford, 1955) is a historical novel set in Britain and North America late in the 17th century. Nigel Craig, the son of an aristocratic family, "escapes" on adventure with a cousin. Along with "a band of steadfast and resourceful Quakers", they are shipwrecked in the New World and they meet hostile natives.
As "Elfrida Vipont", she wrote about two dozen books for children (and other works), including short biographies of the authors Charlotte Brontë, George Eliot, and Jane Austen, published by Hamish Hamilton between 1965 and 1977. A number of her books were published by Gazelle Books and Reindeer Books, Hamish Hamilton's imprints for younger children.
Her best-known books are "The Lark in the Morn" (1948) and "The Lark on the Wing" (1950), published by Oxford University Press. For the latter she won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association, recognising the year's best children's book by a British subject. The Lark books were five family stories following the musical career of Kit Haverard. The three other novels continuing this Lark /Haverard series are "The Spring of the Year" (1957), "Flowering Spring" (1960), and "The Pavilion" (1969).
Fouldes and the illustrator Raymond Briggs collaborated on a picture book for young children, "The Elephant and the Bad Baby", published by Hamish Hamilton in 1969. Probably it is her most famous work; by a wide margin, as it is the one most widely held in WorldCat participating libraries. It features a baby who refuses to say please and goes romping through town on the back of an elephant while being chased by various townspeople. "The Elephant and the Bad Baby" is a "cumulative story" with a "poetic feel", a common effect drawn from the picture-book format of the text.
Later life.
Elfrida Foulds lived for many years at Yealand Conyers, Lancashire, where she was an active participant in community affairs, while travelling worldwide for Quaker committees and lecturing in schools and libraries. She died in 1992.
Legacy.
Elfrida Foulds' personal papers are at the John Rylands University Library of Manchester.

</doc>
<doc id="6927397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927397" title="Thriprayar">
Thriprayar



</doc>
<doc id="6927409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927409" title="James S. Lynch">
James S. Lynch

James Spencer Lynch (1841 – July 22, 1894) was a Manitoba physician and political figure. He represented Marquette in the 1st Canadian Parliament from March 2, 1871 to July 8, 1872 as a Liberal member.
He was born near London in Canada West in 1841, studied at the University of Toronto and came to Manitoba in 1868. He was arrested by Louis Riel after he tried to organize a company of Canadian volunteers in Winnipeg. He practised medicine in Portage la Prairie for a time. Both Lynch and Angus McKay represented Marquette in the House of Commons, due to a tie vote in the by-election held after Manitoba joined Confederation. Lynch was defeated in the general election that followed in 1872. In 1876, he led the group dealing with a smallpox epidemic in Gimli. Lynch became a member of the Medical Board of Manitoba in 1877; he was reelected in 1882 and served as president of the Board. Lynch was one of the first attending physicians at the Winnipeg General Hospital. In 1886, the Board was replaced by Council of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Manitoba and Lynch again served as president. He died in Winnipeg in 1894.

</doc>
<doc id="6927412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927412" title="Wanborough, Surrey">
Wanborough, Surrey

Wanborough () is a rural village and civil parish in Surrey approximately 4 miles (6 km) west of Guildford on the northern slopes of the Hog's Back. Wanborough lies between Puttenham and Normandy. Wanborough village grew around and to service Wanborough Manor which is on the site of ancient springs.
History.
Prehistory.
According to a local publication "Wanborough and its Church", humans in prehistory travelled along the Hog's Back, attracted by the spring in the locality. The earliest settlement dates to 8000 BC.
The "Wanborough Coins" are part of a votive offering deposited at a Romano-Celtic temple (i.e., late 1st century BC to 4th century AD); this site was looted between 1983 and 1985, but over one thousand silver coins, a small part of the original assemblage, were eventually added to the collection of the British Museum. The British Museum calls the destruction of the Romano-Celtic temple at Wanborough in Surrey 'one of the saddest stories in British archaeology'.
A headdress and sceptre handles were also recovered. These were probably used by a priest during rituals. Subsequent excavations have shown that there were in fact two temples on the site. A circular temple had been built during the late first century BC, replaced in the second century AD by a square temple.
The Saxon name of "Wenberge" means "bump-barrow"; this barrow was on the southern border of Wanborough on the top of the Hog's Back.
Pre-dissolution.
Wanborough appears in Domesday Book of 1086 as "Weneberge" held by Goisfrid (Geoffrey) de Mandville. Its assets were: 3 hides; 1 church, 9 ploughs, of meadow, woodland worth 30 hogs (per year). Its people rendered £7 per year to their overlords. It also states that it had been held before the Norman Conquest by two thegns, Sweign and Leofwin, who may have been brothers of King Harold. 
In 1130 the Manor was sold to Waverley Abbey for £80 and put to use in great part to farm sheep to feed, clothe and endow the Cistercian community. The present Great Barn was built in 1388 and was used for storing and processing crops (threshing and winnowing). Having been built for the Cistercian Abbey, the barn was not a tithe barn as it would have stored the entire manor crop. The barn is made from massive oak timbers and is an aisled barn with large doors on either long side to permit entry by carts. It was extended in 1705. The dates have been obtained using tree-ring dating techniques.
In 1511 the Abbey obtained the right to hold an annual fair at Wanborough for 3 days from 23 August. By 1536 the fair was making £35 for the abbey and had a pie poudre court to try trading offences.
Post-dissolution.
In 1536, Waverley Abbey was dissolved and the manor passed into secular ownership. St Bartholomew's Church was in regular use until at least 1675. By 1794, as leaseholder, the Quaker, Morris Birkbeck was farming an estate of at Wanborough, where he joined others in England and France who were experimenting with crossbreeding Merino sheep and innovating with modern techniques. He used the church as a wood store and barn.
In 1613, a court case recorded that someone was assaulted with a "cricket staffe" (an early term for the cricket bat) at Wanborough.
The present manor house was built, starting in about 1670, by Thomas Dalmahoy, who was MP for Guildford for most of the reign of the restored monarch, Charles II.
From 1880, Sir Algernon West lived at Wanborough Manor. He was Principal Private Secretary to Prime Minister W. E. Gladstone. West entertained many political figures at the manor, including Gladstone, Queen Victoria and Bismarck. He was also a director of the South Eastern Railway and was responsible for the opening of Wanborough Station (in nearby Normandy) in 1891. In 1900, the manor passed to Asquith who lived there until he became prime minister. In 1908 West returned and stayed until his death in 1921. The Manor passed to the Perkins family who introduced one of the first combine harvesters in the country.
World War II.
During World War II the Manor was used as a training centre for Special Operations Executive agents. The manor was designated Special Training School 5, and handled the first three phases of agent training. It operated from spring 1941 to March 1943 under the command of Major Roger de Wesselow, who had been a Coldstream Guards officer in World War I. Many agents in 'Section F' (France) passed through STS5 and courses lasted 3 weeks. Each course was specific to one country and all conversation during the course was in the target language. Trainees were taught theoretical and practical subjects including physical training, shooting, explosives, sabotage, map-reading, Morse code, and observation skills. Among the 130 agents trained at Wanborough were Peter Churchill and Noor Inayat Khan.
One of the tests in the course was to invite beautiful women to seduce the agents through alcohol and flirtation and try to get them to divulge secrets. But the test was dropped, as almost all the agents appear to have failed to keep sensitive information to themselves.
Post-war.
In the 1950s the Manor became a country club and restaurant. It acquired a reputation amongst the taxi drivers of Guildford who would be called to collect girls from Guildford station at weekends and then drive them back for an early train up to London on Monday morning.
The Manor House is now split into three private dwellings.
Since the 1960s development has been constrained by its rural isolation and protected status of much of its land, Wanborough has gradually become a mixture of a commuter and retirement settlement. Principal employment areas are the Aldershot Urban Area, Guildford and London.
St Bartholomew's Church.
The village church is small, only by internally. It was originally built around 1060 replacing an earlier wooden Saxon church. It was rebuilt in the 13th century. In Victorian times, whilst nearby Puttenham church was closed for repairs, the rector of Puttenham, the Rev. W A Duckworth, decided to hold services in Wanborough's church. He arranged and paid for the restoration of St Bartholomew's by architect Henry Woodyer. It was rededicated in 1861. Thus the various walls and windows have significantly different heritage. The Victorian west brick wall now supports an external bell. The church's architectural importance is reflected in its Grade I listing.
Demography and housing.
The average level of accommodation in the region composed of detached houses was 28%, the average that was apartments was 22.6%.
The proportion of households in the civil parish who owned their home outright compares to the regional average of 35.1%. The proportion who owned their home with a loan compares to the regional average of 32.5%. The remaining % is made up of rented dwellings (plus a negligible % of households living rent-free).
Transport links.
The nearest railway station is in the large, generally 20th century, neighbourhood of Flexford, to the north, served by South Western Railway, who manage the station, and by Great Western Railway. It is on the Ascot to Guildford section of the North Downs Line.
The through road in the village leads south towards the edge of the village where there is an intersection with the A31 dual carriageway that runs along the top of the Hog's Back.
The only bus service is a once a day school bus, operated by Carlone, connecting the village to the Broadwater School in Farncombe.

</doc>
<doc id="6927413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927413" title="Elfrida Vipont Foulds">
Elfrida Vipont Foulds



</doc>
<doc id="6927415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927415" title="Virginia State Route 613 (Russell and Scott Counties)">
Virginia State Route 613 (Russell and Scott Counties)



</doc>
<doc id="6927417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927417" title="State Route 134 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 134 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927418" title="Xanthomata">
Xanthomata



</doc>
<doc id="6927420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927420" title="Route 134 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 134 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927422" title="State Route 74 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 74 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6927423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927423" title="State Route 74 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 74 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927424" title="HMAS Warrego (U73)">
HMAS Warrego (U73)

HMAS "Warrego" (L73/U73), named for the Warrego River, was a sloop of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).
Construction.
She was laid down by the Cockatoo Island Dockyard at Sydney on 10 May 1939, launched on 10 February 1940, and commissioned into the RAN on 21 August 1940.
Operational history.
"Warrego" served during World War II as an escort and patrol vessel escorting convoys, including the Pensacola Convoy, in Australian waters and the South-West Pacific. In late January 1942 the ship was assigned to the short lived American-British-Dutch-Australian Command.
The ship was part of the escort, led by with the destroyer and , for a convoy composed of , , , and leaving Darwin before two in the morning of 15 February for Koepang carrying troops to reinforce forces already defending Timor. By 11:00, the convoy was being shadowed by a Japanese flying boat that dropped some bombs without causing damage before departing. The next morning another shadowing aircraft had taken position and before noon the convoy was attacked by bombers and flying boats in two waves. After the attacks the convoy continued toward Timor for a few hours with "Houston" launching a scout plane seeking the enemy position. ABDA suspected the presence of Japanese carriers, an imminent invasion of Timor and a support fleet lying in wait and thus ordered the convoy back to Darwin which it reached before noon on 18 February.
"Warrego" was in Darwin the next day when the Japanese attacked the port and, though with a working party over the side, was one of the ships that got underway to contribute antiaircraft fire to the defense. The day after the attack, "Warrego" escorted the damaged "Swan" through Clarence Strait and then resumed antisubmarine patrol off the port.
"Warrego" was escorting the Dutch ship to Townsville when both ships were recalled to Port Moresby in order to form a convoy to bring forces to Milne Bay. With , "Warrego" escorted "Karsik" and Dutch ship in the first convoy into Milne Bay on 25 June 1942 with Australian troops, American engineers and supplies for the buildup of that base in preparation for port operations and airfield construction. "Warrego", disguised with greenery, stood by as "Karsik" unloaded supplies at an improvised wharf until both sailed for Australia on 28 June. By 11 July, the sloop was back, escorting the Dutch ship with Brigadier John Field and the 7th Brigade Group embarked as Milne Force to protect airfields under construction. By late October "Warrego", , and were assisting the survey vessel in surveying a safe passage for large ships from Milne Bay to Cape Nelson in order to provide large ship support to the Buna campaign that led to "Karsik" delivering tanks to Buna and the supply convoys of Operation Lilliput.
The ship earned five battle honours for her wartime service: "Darwin 1942", "Pacific 1941–45", "New Guinea 1942", "Lingayen Gulf 1945", and "Borneo 1945".
Decommissioning and fate.
"Warrego" was sold for scrapping in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="6927425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927425" title="State Route 74 (Virginia 1933-1942)">
State Route 74 (Virginia 1933-1942)



</doc>
<doc id="6927426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927426" title="Sion Castle">
Sion Castle

Sion is a castle ruin in Chlístovice in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It lies near Kutná Hora. It was established in the 15th century by Jan Roháč of Dubá. Sion Castle was used for a short time before it was besieged and subsequently destroyed. The site was investigated by archaeologists in the 20th century. Today, only scattered parts of the basement stone walls with some arches and stairs remain of the original castle.
History.
Sion Castle was founded at some point between 1424 and 1436 by Hussite Jan Roháč of Dubá. Most documentary sources detailing the castle focus on its demise in 1437. By 1437, Sion was one of the last footholds of opposition to the rule of Sigismund, Holy Roman Emperor. In April that year, Hynce Ptáček of Pirkštejn led an army to the castle and . The garrison resisted for several months until reinforcements for Ptáček arrived under Michal Országh's command. The castle was captured on 6 September and demolished (slighted) soon after. There are traces of siege works near the castle.
Amateur investigations were carried out at Sion Castle in 1937, uncovering human remains thought to be of the castle's defenders and some artefacts which have since been lost. In the view of archaeologist Eva Jánská, the digging contributed little to the understanding of the site while damaging the remains. The castle was designated a cultural monument in 1958. The began excavating the castle in 1961, marking the beginning of a planned seven-year project.
Location and layout.
Sion Castle was built in a bend of the River Vrchlice, using it to surround three sides of the site with access from the east.

</doc>
<doc id="6927431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927431" title="Elizabeth Smith, Baroness Smith of Gilmorehill">
Elizabeth Smith, Baroness Smith of Gilmorehill

Elizabeth Margaret Smith, Baroness Smith of Gilmorehill, (; born 4 June 1940), is a British peer and patron of the arts. She is the widow of John Smith, who led the Labour Party from 1992 to 1994.
Born Elizabeth Margaret Bennett, Smith was educated at Hutchesons' Girls Grammar School and the University of Glasgow.
Baroness Smith is the president of Scottish Opera and served as the chairman of the Edinburgh Festival Fringe from 1995 to 2012. She is also a governor of the English-Speaking Union and a board member of the Centre for European Reform. Within a year of her husband's death, she was created a life peer as Baroness Smith of Gilmorehill, of Gilmorehill in the District of the City of Glasgow on 17 February 1995. From 1998 to 2001, she served as president of Birkbeck College, University of London. In 2002, she was elected a fellow of Birkbeck, one of the college's highest honours.
Smith retired from the House of Lords in February 2025, having not spoken in the Lords chamber since 1999.
Smith received an Honorary Doctorate from Heriot-Watt University in 1998.
She has three daughters, including Sarah Smith, who is the BBC News North America Editor, and Catherine Smith, who is Advocate General for Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="6927432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927432" title="Heteroazeotrope">
Heteroazeotrope

A heteroazeotrope is an azeotrope where the vapour phase coexists with two liquid phases.
Sketch of a T-x/y equilibrium curve of a typical heteroazeotropic mixture
Continuous heteroazeotropic distillation.
Heterogeneous distillation means that during the distillation the liquid phase of the mixture is immiscible.
In this case on the plates can be two liquid phases and the top vapour condensate splits in two liquid phases, which can be separated in a decanter.
The simplest case of continuous heteroazeotropic distillation is the separation of a binary heterogeneous azeotropic mixture. In this case the system contains two columns and a decanter. The fresh feed (A-B) is added into the first column. (The feed may also be added into the decanter directly or into the second column depending on the composition of the mixture). From the decanter the A-rich phase is withdrawn as reflux into the first column while the B-rich phase is withdrawn as reflux into the second column. This mean the first column produces "A" and the second column produces "B" as a bottoms product. In industry the butanol-water mixture is separated with this technique.
At the previous case the binary system forms already a heterogeneous azeotrope. The other application of the heteroazeotropic distillation is the separation of a binary system (A-B) forming a homogeneous azeotrope. In this case an entrainer or solvent is added to the mixture in order to form an heteroazeotrope with one or both of the components in order to help the separation of the original A-B mixture.
Batch heteroazeotropic distillation.
Batch heteroazeotropic distillation is an efficient method for the separation of azeotropic and
low relative volatility (low α) mixtures. A third component (entrainer, E) is added to the
binary A-B mixture, which makes the separation of A and B possible. The entrainer forms a
heteroazeotrope with at least one (and preferably with only one (selective entrainer)) of the
original components.
The main parts of the conventional batch distillation columns are the following:
- pot (include reboiler)
- column
- condenser to condense the top vapour
- product receivers
- (entrainer fed)
In case of the heteroazeotropic distillation the equipment is completed with a decanter, where the two liquid phases are split.
Three different cases are possible for the addition of the entrainer:
1, Batch Addition of the Entrainer: The total quantity of the entrainer is added to the charge before the start of the procedure.
2, Continuous Entrainer Feeding: The total quantity of the entrainer is introduced continuously to the column.
3, Mixed Addition of the Entrainer: The combination of the batch addition and continuous feeding of the entrainer. We added one part of the entrainer to the charge before the start of the distillation and the other part continuously during distillation.
In the last years the batch heteroazeotropic distillation has come into prominence so several studies have been published. The heteroazeotropic batch distillation was investigated by feasibility studies, rigorous simulation calculations and laboratory experiments. Feasibility analysis is conducted in Modla et al. and Rodriguez-Donis et al. for the separation of low-relative-volatility and azeotropic mixtures by heterogeneous batch distillation in a batch rectifier. Rodriguez-Donis et al. were the first to provide the entrainer selection rules. The feasibility methods was extended and modified by Rodriguez-Donis et al., Rodriguez-Donis et al., (2005), Skouras et al., and Lang and Modla. Varga applied these feasibility studies in her thesis. Experimental result was published by Rodriguez-Donis et al., Xu and Wand, Van Kaam and others.

</doc>
<doc id="6927436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927436" title="Peter &quot;Black Prince&quot; Jackson">
Peter &quot;Black Prince&quot; Jackson



</doc>
<doc id="6927437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927437" title="Ytterøy Municipality">
Ytterøy Municipality

Ytterøy is a former municipality in the old Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway. The municipality existed from 1838 until its dissolution in 1964. Originally, it was a large municipality that encompassed the island of Ytterøya and parts of the mainland to the northwest of the island on the west side of the Trondheimsfjord. By 1964 when it was dissolved, Ytterøy only included the island of Ytterøya. Since 1964, the island has been part of what is now Levanger Municipality in Trøndelag county. The island is connected to the rest of the municipality by the Levanger–Hokstad Ferry that crosses the Trondheimsfjord. The main church for the municipality was Ytterøy Church.
Prior to its dissolution in 1964, the municipality was the 617th largest by area out of the 689 municipalities in Norway. Ytterøy Municipality was the 646th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of about 803. The municipality's population density was and its population had increased by 7.9% over the previous 10-year period.
General information.
The prestegjeld of Ytterøy was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt law). On 1 January 1867, the mainland part of the municipality was separated from Ytterøy to form the new Mosvik og Verran Municipality (population: 2,949). This left a much smaller Ytterøy Municipality with 1,499 residents living on the island of Ytterøya. During the 1960s, there were many municipal mergers across Norway due to the work of the Schei Committee. On 1 January 1964, Ytterøy Municipality was merged with the neighboring Levanger Municipality on the mainland. Prior to the merger, Ytterøy Municipality had 772 residents.
Name.
The municipality (originally the parish) is named after the island of Ytterøya (, or more recently ) since the first Ytterøy Church was built there. The first element of the original name is the definite singular form of which means "island". The last element is which means "outer". Thus the meaning of the name is "the outer island" (as opposed to the nearby Inderøya which means "the inner island"). Historically, the name of the municipality was spelled "Ytterøen". On 3 November 1917, a royal resolution changed the spelling of the name of the municipality to "Ytterøy".
Churches.
The Church of Norway had one parish () within Ytterøy Municipality. At the time of the municipal dissolution, it was part of the Ytterøy prestegjeld and the Sør-Innherad prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Nidaros.
Geography.
The highest point in the municipality was the tall mountain Sandstadheia on the western end of the island of Ytterøya.
Government.
While it existed, Ytterøy Municipality was responsible for primary education (through 10th grade), outpatient health services, senior citizen services, welfare and other social services, zoning, economic development, and municipal roads and utilities. The municipality was governed by a municipal council of directly elected representatives. The mayor was indirectly elected by a vote of the municipal council. The municipality was under the jurisdiction of the Frostating Court of Appeal. 
Municipal council.
The municipal council of Ytterøy was made up of 13 representatives that were elected to four year terms. The tables below show the historical composition of the council by political party. 
Mayors.
The mayor () of Ytterøy was the political leader of the municipality and the chairperson of the municipal council. Here is a list of people who held this position:

</doc>
<doc id="6927438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927438" title="Brisk (movement)">
Brisk (movement)



</doc>
<doc id="6927440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927440" title="Lenz (fragment)">
Lenz (fragment)

Lenz is a novella fragment written by Georg Büchner in Strasbourg in 1836. It is based on the documentary evidence of Jean Frédéric Oberlin's diary. An incident in the life of German-language writer Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz is the subject of the story. In March 1776, Lenz had met Goethe in Weimar. In the fall, Lenz was sent away from the Weimar court and he traveled to Oberlin's vicarage in the Steintal, apparently undergoing a mental health crisis. The story is concerned with the mental health crisis that Lenz experienced, during which he seemingly attempted suicide several times. Although left unfinished at the time of Büchner's death in 1837, it has been seen as a precursor to literary modernism. Its influence on later writers has been immense.
The story has been adapted for the stage as "Jakob Lenz", a 1978 chamber opera by Wolfgang Rihm.
Film Adaptation.
Alexandre Rockwell wrote, directed, produced and edited a feature-length adaptation of "Lenz" in 1982. It was his debut film.

</doc>
<doc id="6927446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927446" title="AMAX">
AMAX

AMAX is a certification program for AM radio broadcasting standards, created in the United States beginning in 1991 by the Electronic Industries Association (EIA) and the National Association of Broadcasters (NAB). It was developed with the intention of helping AM stations, especially ones with musical formats, become more competitive with FM broadcasters. The standards cover both consumer radio receivers and broadcasting station transmission chains. 
Although the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) endorsed the AMAX proposal, the agency never made it into a formal requirement, leaving its adoption as voluntary. Ultimately few receiver manufacturers and radio stations adhered to the standard, thus it has done little to stem the continued decline in AM station listenership.
Standards.
Receiver.
AMAX radio receivers are divided into three categories: home, automotive and portable. Receiver certification requirements include:
Transmission.
For AM broadcasting stations, the AMAX qualifications specified "a unified standard for pre–emphasis and distortion" for broadcasting station transmission chains.
Implementation.
From a technical standpoint, the AMAX standards met with approval, with one reviewer noting that "The AMAX standard is a last-ditch effort by broadcasters and radio makers to save AM by reviving a long-forgotten tactic: quality" and "With a good station (often hard to find), their AM sections sound so good you could easily be fooled into thinking they were FM." A review of an AMAX-certified mono portable receiver, the GE Superadio III, reported that the radio "reproduces sound with the clarity and dynamics of FM. Its audio response is more than two octaves greater than a standard AM radio." 
However, absent a mandate by the FCC, few receiver manufacturers were interested in incurring the cost of improving the AM sections of their receivers. A 1992 review of a high-end consumer audio catalog found that of 80 listings only three were AM stereo capable, and there were no references to the AMAX standard. A 1996 report stated that "At a recent Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, consumer audio companies also demonstrated apathy toward improved super set AM radios, few of which could be found on the exhibit floor. The prevailing attitude among manufacturer reps was, 'Who cares?'" Also, stations with low-fidelity spoken-word formats saw little need to upgrade their transmissions for better audio quality.
A 2015 review concluded that "Initially the consumer manufacturers made a concerted attempt to specify performance of AM receivers through the 1993 AMAX standard, a joint effort of the EIA and the NAB, with FCC backing... The FCC rapidly followed up on this with codification of the CQUAM AM stereo standard, also in 1993. At this point, the stage appeared to be set for rejuvenation of the AM band. Nevertheless, with the legacy of confusion and disappointment in the rollout of the multiple incompatible AM stereo systems, and failure of the manufacturers (including the auto makers) to effectively promote AMAX radios, coupled with the ever-increasing background of noise in the band, the general public soon lost interest and moved on to other media."

</doc>
<doc id="6927453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927453" title="Tata Chemicals">
Tata Chemicals

Tata Chemicals Limited is an Indian multinational corporation with interests in chemicals, crop protection and specialty chemistry products. The company is headquartered in Mumbai and has operations across India, Europe, North America and Africa. Tata Chemicals is a part of the Tata Group and its shares are traded on the NSE and BSE. Tata Chemicals has a publicly listed subsidiary called Rallis India.
History and operations.
Tata Chemicals has the third largest soda ash production capacity plant in India. This was the second soda ash plant built in India by Kapilram Vakil (grandson of late Indian justice Nanabhai Haridas) that started operating in the year 1944. The township Mithapur, derives its name from "Mitha" which means salt in Gujarati language.
Since 2006, Tata Chemicals has owned Brunner Mond, a United Kingdom-based chemical company with operations in Magadi (Kenya). On 27 March 2008, Tata Chemicals Ltd acquired General Chemical of US. 
In April 2010, Tata Chemicals acquired 25% stake in ammonia-urea fertilizer complex in Gabon for 290 million. The first phase of the plant will have a full operational capacity of 2.2 billion tons of ammonia and 3.85 billion tons of urea per day.
In 2016, Tata Chemicals sold its urea business to Pune-based Yara India, part of the Norwegian chemical company, Yara International.
In 2019, Tata Group transferred Tata Chemicals' branded food business to Tata Global Beverages (now Tata Consumer Products), in an all-share deal.
In 2022, Tata Chemicals, through its subsidiary Tata Chemicals Europe, set up the UK's first industrial-scale carbon capture and usage plant. The plant can capture 40,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide per annum.
Research and Development Center.
The Research and Development Center Tata Chemicals Innovation Center located at Pune, Maharashtra started operations in 2004. The team of scientists is working in the following areas: Food Science &amp; Technology, Advanced Materials, Green Chemistry. 
Rallis India.
Rallis India is a subsidiary of Tata Chemicals, and is listed on both the National Stock Exchange and the Bombay Stock Exchange. Rallis India operates in the agriculture sector and has an India focused business, an international focused business, and a seeds business. Both the India and international businesses focus on crop nutrition and crop protection products. The international business also offers active ingredients, formulations and contract manufacturing services.

</doc>
<doc id="6927462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927462" title="John Buckley (bishop)">
John Buckley (bishop)

John Buckley (born 2 November 1939) is an Irish former Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Cork and Ross between 1998 and 2019.
Early life and education.
Buckley was born in Gruaige, Inchigeela, County Cork on 2 November 1939.
He is an accomplished road bowler, a sport which was described as being "like a virus for which there is no cure".
Buckley studied for the priesthood at St Patrick's College, Maynooth, and was subsequently ordained a priest for the Diocese of Cork and Ross on 20 June 1965.
Presbyteral ministry.
Buckley taught at St Finbarr's College, Farranferris, until he was subsequently appointed president of the college in 1975. He also served for one year as parish priest of Turners Cross parish, Cork.
Episcopal ministry.
Auxiliary Bishop of Cork and Ross.
Buckley was appointed auxiliary bishop of Cork and Ross and titular bishop of Leptis Magna by Pope John Paul II on 16 March 1984. He was consecrated by the Bishop of Cork and Ross, Michael Murphy, on 29 April at the Cathedral of St Mary and St Anne, Cork.
Following the death of Murphy on 7 October 1996, Buckley was appointed diocesan administrator on 10 October.
Bishop of Cork and Ross.
Buckley was appointed Bishop of Cork and Ross by Pope John Paul II on 19 December 1997.
He was installed on 8 February 1998 at the Cathedral of St Mary and St Anne, Cork.
Following his installation, Buckley did not move into the episcopal palace, continuing to live at a house in Turners Cross instead. He is also noted for promising in 2006 to personally invite Pope Benedict XVI to Cork, were the county senior hurling team to win a third All-Ireland championship in succession, a feat which ultimately was not achieved.
Buckley also supported calls by campaigners to make a mass grave for Magdalene women at Sunday's Well more accessible to the public, which followed his call for the remains of Little Nellie, considered the "unofficial patron saint of Cork", to be exhumed.
During his episcopate, Buckley also served as a member of the commission for pastoral care of the Irish Catholic Bishops' Conference, and chaired its council on healthcare.
Retirement.
In accordance with canon law, Buckley submitted his episcopal resignation to the Congregation for Bishops on his 75th birthday on 2 November 2014, but was expected to remain in the see until a successor was appointed.
He remained in the see until the appointment of his successor, Fintan Gavin, on 8 April 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6927467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927467" title="Elizabeth Margaret Smith">
Elizabeth Margaret Smith



</doc>
<doc id="6927469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927469" title="Carabus nemoralis">
Carabus nemoralis

Carabus nemoralis (commonly called the "Bronze carabid") is a ground beetle common in central and northern Europe, as well as Iceland and Canada. While native to Europe, it has been introduced to and is expanding its range throughout North America.
Ecology.
Feeding habits.
"Carabus nemoralis" is a beneficial predator as it eats the agricultural pest "Deroceras reticulatum" slug in its young stage and also its eggs. Use of "Carabus nemoralis" as a biocontrol agent for multiple pests in large scale farming operations have been tested in recent years.
Defensive adaptations.
It is known that some "Carabus nemoralis" populations will regurgitate foul-smelling brownish-red liquid as a defense mechanism.
Reproduction.
"Carabus nemoralis" typically has one breeding period in the spring with eggs hatching in autumn of the same year. )

</doc>
<doc id="6927473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927473" title="Pathognomic">
Pathognomic



</doc>
<doc id="6927476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927476" title="Real Muthafuckin' G's">
Real Muthafuckin' G's



</doc>
<doc id="6927480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927480" title="CommSec">
CommSec

Commonwealth Securities Limited, or CommSec, is Australia's largest online stockbroking firm. It is a subsidiary of the Commonwealth Bank.
Though its Internet trading platform constitutes the vast majority of its business, it also offers a telephone based brokerage service, and investment advisory services. In addition, CommSec also offers other peripherally related investment services, such as margin loan and cash accounts.
History.
The brokerage arm started operations in 1995 and launched its share trading website in 1997.
CommSec initially offered only Australian equities trades, but has since expanded into derivative products, international equities, managed funds, self-managed super fund (SMSF) administration, contracts-for-difference (CFDs), margin lending and short-term deposits. The firm's large retail customer base has also allowed it to successfully market a number of initial public offering (IPO) fund raisings.
In 2008 CommSec became the first Australian brokerage firm to offer a brokerage website specifically designed for a portable-device. It created CommSec iPhone Edition for the Apple iPhone, the first home-grown iPhone application in Australia. In 2008 the broker disbanded its "Share Shops" (face-to-face operations) closing the front in the Commonwealth Bank branch in Pitt Street, Sydney, following the earlier closure of the Melbourne Share Shop in Collins Street.
Mergers and acquisitions.
CommSec has retained and increased its already significant market share in retail broking through both CBA's acquisition of other banks and its own acquisition of other broking firms. CommSec now performs broking operations for Colonial First State, TD Waterhouse, AOT, Neville Ward Direct, Auckland Savings Bank (ASB), and IWL (Westpac Broking, Sanford and Avcol). The acquisition of IWL in 2007 gave CommSec significant market share in wholesale broking to complement its existing retail presence.
Cash management.
In 2008 CommSec diversified into the short term deposit sector with the introduction of its Cash Management product. The product consists of two distinct accounts the CommSec Cash Account (CCA) and the CommSec Investment Account (CIA). The CCA is the source of funds for stock trading and also an everyday transaction account, with a linked debit Mastercard. The CIA earns interest and cash can only be transferred to and from the CCA.
In December 2012, CommSec announced plans to replace CCA and CIA accounts with a Commonwealth Direct Investment Account (CDIA), which is a settlement account that earns interest.

</doc>
<doc id="6927488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927488" title="Reginald Craddock">
Reginald Craddock

Sir Reginald Henry Craddock, (11 March 1864 – 10 February 1937) was a British colonial official and politician, who served in the Indian Civil Service and as Lieutenant-governor of Burma. He later became a Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) and sat on the Joint Committee on Indian Constitutional Reform as a strong opponent of Indian nationalism.
Life.
Craddock's father Surgeon Major William Craddock had been attached to the 1st Gurkha Rifles; he was therefore born into a family with strong links to the British Raj. He studied at the prestigious Wellington College before going on to Keble College, Oxford. He qualified for the Indian Civil Service in 1882, and two years later was sent on his first posting to the Central Provinces.
Craddock spent many years in the Central Provinces, moving steadily up the civil service ladder. He was an industrious worker and his diligence was duly recognized by the authorities. From 1893 onwards, he held the following positions in succession: Commissioner of Excise; head of the Nagpur District; Chief Secretary to the head of the Province; Commissioner of the Nagpur Division; and finally Chief Commissioner (or governor of the province) in 1907.
He was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Star of India (CSI) in the 1903 Durbar Honours, and in 1911 promoted to a Knight Commander in the order (KCSI). In 1923 he was appointed a Knight Grand Commander in the Order of the Indian Empire (GCIE).
At the 1931 general election, he was elected as Member of Parliament for the Combined English Universities, and held the seat until his death in 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="6927490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927490" title="Steve Erwin">
Steve Erwin

Stephen Erwin (January 16, 1960 – October 25, 2023) was an American comics artist best known as the co-creator of "Checkmate" and "Gunfire" for DC Comics.
Biography.
Steve Erwin was born on January 16, 1960. He studied commercial art at Oklahoma State University-Okmulgee. He credited Neal Adams' Batman stories and Gene Colan's and Tom Palmer's work on "Daredevil" as having "won my heart in junior high to aspiring (dreaming) to be a comic book artist." Erwin's first published comic book work appeared in "Grimjack" #18 (January 1986), published by First Comics. During the 1980s and 1990s, he worked primarily for DC Comics, his first story for that publisher appearing in "The Vigilante" #48 (December 1987). After that title's cancellation, Erwin co-created the title "Checkmate!" with writer Paul Kupperberg. In August 1991, Erwin and Marv Wolfman launched the "Deathstroke the Terminator" title, a series that Erwin would draw from 1991 to 1994. The Gunfire character was created by Len Wein and Erwin in "Deathstroke the Terminator Annual" #3 (October 1993). Erwin drew the comics adaptation of "Batman Returns" as well as "", the graphic novel adaptation of "The Ashes of Eden", and the "Mike Danger" series published by Tekno Comix.
In 2007, Erwin was inducted into the Oklahoma Cartoonists Hall of Fame in Pauls Valley, Oklahoma, located in the Toy and Action Figure Museum.
Erwin died on October 25, 2023, at the age of 63.

</doc>
<doc id="6927492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927492" title="R. H. Craddock">
R. H. Craddock



</doc>
<doc id="6927495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927495" title="Louis-Nazaire Bégin">
Louis-Nazaire Bégin

Louis-Nazaire Bégin (January 10, 1840 – July 18, 1925) was a Canadian cardinal of the Catholic Church. Begin held a doctorate in Sacred Theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome and was later appointed Archbishop of Quebec by Pope Leo XIII (1898) and created cardinal by Pope Pius X (1914).
Biography.
Louis-Nazaire Bégin was born in Saint-Joseph-de-la-Pointe-Lévis (now part of Lévis), Quebec, to a family of farmers whose ancestors came from Normandy, France, to Canada in 1655. He completed his primary studies at "École modèle" in Lévis and later went to "collège commercial" in Bellechasse. From 1862 to 1863, Bégin studied classics and theology at the seminary in Quebec. He attended Université Laval and then went to Rome, where he studied at the Pontifical French Seminary (September 1863 – 1867). He was ordained to the priesthood by Costantino Cardinal Patrizi Naro on June 10, 1865, in the Lateran Basilica.
Bégin then furthered his studies at the Pontifical Gregorian University from where he obtained his doctorate in theology in 1866. He also studied the Hebrew, Chaldean, Syrian, and Arabic languages. From 1867 to 1868, he studied in the Theological Faculty of the University of Innsbruck, completing his previous studies and learning German. During that time, Bégin also traveled to Palestine and spent five months in the Holy Land.
Upon his return to Canada, he was named professor of dogmatic theology and of ecclesiastical history at the Seminary of Quebec in July 1868, remaining in those posts until 1884. He obtained the "agrégation", a competitive examination for positions on the teaching staff of lyceums and universities, in 1869. From October 1870 to 1875, Bégin was Professor of Religious Culture at his "alma mater" of the Université Laval. He held an array of administrative posts from 1876 to 1883, such as director of the boarding school, of students, of seminarians, and prefect of studies. Bégin took several months for rest and recuperation from the end of 1883 to the beginning of 1884, and acted as the private secretary to Cardinal Elzéar-Alexandre Taschereau on his tour in Europe from April to December 1884. He served as Principal of the Normal School of Laval from January 1885 to October 1888 as well.
On October 1, 1888, Bégin was appointed Bishop of Chicoutimi by Pope Leo XIII. He received his episcopal consecration on the following October 28 from Cardinal Taschereau, with Bishops Louis-François Richer dit Laflèche and Jean-François Laforce-Langevin serving as co-consecrators, in the metropolitan cathedral-basilica of Quebec.
He was promoted to Titular Archbishop of Cyrene on December 18, 1891, and named Coadjutor Archbishop of Quebec on December 22. Illness forced Cardinal Taschereau to delegate his workload to Bégin, who was made Apostolic Administrator of Quebec on September 3, 1894. He eventually succeeded the late Cardinal as Archbishop of Quebec on April 12, 1898. Archbishop Bégin was appointed an Assistant at the Pontifical Throne on April 22, and participated in the First Plenary Council of Canada in June 1909.
Pope Pius X created him cardinal priest l of Ss. Vitale, Valeria, Gervasio e Protasio in the consistory of May 25, 1914. Bégin arrived too late to participate in the papal conclaves of both 1914 and of 1922. As archbishop, he made vehement condemnations of modernism, jazz music, dancing, and cinemas (which he described as offering "serious dangers, if not approximate occasions, of mortal sin"), the clandestine sale of liquours and the frivolous fashions of women.
Stricken by uremia followed by paralysis on June 12, 1925. He died five weeks later, on July 18, at the age of 85. His body lay in state in the chapel of his residence, guarded by a detachment of the Papal Zouaves. He was buried in the crypt of the Cathedral-Basilica of Quebec on July 25.

</doc>
<doc id="6927498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927498" title="Reginald Henry Craddock">
Reginald Henry Craddock



</doc>
<doc id="6927500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927500" title="Carabus cancellatus">
Carabus cancellatus

Carabus cancellatus, the latticed worm and slug hunter, is a ground beetle common in Central- and Northern Europe and Siberia. It has also been introduced into North America. It inhabits open country areas.
Its length is .Adults are mostly nocturnal, but also diurnal during the reproductive period.
Subspecies.
It has several subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="6927502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927502" title="Cyril Neville">
Cyril Neville

Cyril Garrett Neville (born October 10, 1948) is an American percussionist and vocalist who first came to prominence as a member of his brother Art Neville's funky New Orleans–based band, The Meters. He joined Art in the Neville Brothers band upon the dissolution of the Meters.
Career.
He has appeared on recordings by Bob Dylan, Robbie Robertson, Edie Brickell, Willie Nelson, Dr. John and The New Orleans Social Club among others.
Neville is interviewed on screen and appears in performance footage with The Neville Brothers in the 2005 documentary film "Make It Funky!", which presents a history of New Orleans music and its influence on rhythm and blues, rock and roll, funk and jazz. In the film, the band performs "Fire on the Bayou" with guests Ivan and Ian Neville. Neville was also featured in the 2006 documentary film "New Orleans Music in Exile".
In 2005, Neville joined up with Tab Benoit for the Voice of the Wetlands Allstars to bring awareness to Louisiana's rapid loss of wetlands along the Gulf Coast. The band also features Waylon Thibodeaux, Johnny Sansone, Anders Osborne, Monk Boudreaux, George Porter Jr., Johnny Vidacovich, and Dr. John. The band has become a main feature at the annual New Orleans Jazz &amp; Heritage Festival.
After Hurricane Katrina he moved to Austin, Texas, but as of 2012 lives in Slidell, Louisiana. Soul Rebels Brass Band featured Neville as a special guest on their Rounder Records debut record, "Unlock Your Mind", released on January 31, 2012. The Soul Rebels' name was conceived by Neville at the New Orleans venue Tipitina's, where the band was opening.
In 2010, Neville joined popular New Orleans funk band Galactic. He put aside his solo career to tour internationally with the band.
In 2012, Cyril Neville joined forces with Devon Allman (son of Gregg Allman of The Allman Brothers Band), award-winning blues-rock guitarist Mike Zito, bassist Charlie Wooton, and Grammy-winning drummer Yonrico Scott to form Royal Southern Brotherhood, a blues-rock supergroup.
Awards and honors.
As a member of the Neville Brothers, Cyril won the 1989 Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance for the song "Healing Chant".
In 1996, he and his brothers were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for the song "Fire on the Mountain".
They were also nominated for the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&amp;B Vocal Performance for the album "Valence Street".
In 2014, Neville (as a solo) was nominated for a Blues Music Award in the 'Contemporary Blues Album of the Year' category for his album "Magic Honey".

</doc>
<doc id="6927503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927503" title="Heino murders">
Heino murders

The Heino murders were a double murder case in Finland on 24 August 2001 when 16-year-old Saku Salo, 17-year-olds Sampsa Mäntylä and Jani Pesola, and 18-year-old-Markus Aarre Walter Österman murdered businessman Martti Heino and his wife Elise Heino in Loppi.
Murder.
The Heino couple were enticed to come to a summer cabin in Loppi to discuss business issues, including the sale of 100 mobile phones. When the two arrived they were met by Pesola, who guided them to a location that was within range of Salo, waiting in ambush behind a rock. Martti Heino was killed by the first bullet, which hit him in the neck. Elise Heino made a call to emergency services on her mobile phone, but it was cut off by the second bullet. Salo, Pesola and Mäntylä packed the bodies into large sports bags, placed them in Martti Heino's car, drove the car back to Espoo, and dumped the bags into the sea off the Espoo coast. On the following day the boys broke into the Heino household and stole a number of mobile phones. The bodies were discovered by the police on 4 September 2001 after an extensive search.
The motive for the murder was that Österman had felt Martti Heino had cheated him in a mobile telephone buying and selling scheme. Österman had paid one thousand Finnish marks (the equivalent of some 150 euros or US dollars) to the younger boys to get them involved in the murder.
Trial.
All four were arrested on 28 August 2001. The trial started on 21 November 2001 in the Riihimäki district court. Each of the four boys was charged on two counts of murder and two counts of aggravated robbery. State Prosecutor Matti Nissinen demanded a life imprisonment for Österman. For Salo, Pesola and Mäntylä, the state prosecutor demanded sentences of 13-14 years' imprisonment for homicides committed whilst still a minor. The courtroom was packed with a large group of journalists, but the parents of the boys were not present.
The trial began with Matti Nissinen's lengthy description of the events. Nissinen charged that each of the defendants had a specific task and that they had followed this consistently. Nissinen asserted that the idea had come from Österman, who had persuaded the others to take part. Österman himself denied all involvements in the murders.
All four were subjected to a mental health examination. It was found that they were aware of the significance of what they were doing.
Sentences.
The court found that Österman had planned the murders and was the only one who could have stopped them from happening, sentencing him to life in prison. Salo was sentenced to 13 years in prison, whereas Pesola and Mäntylä received 12 years each.
The case was appealed to the Appeals Court of the city of Kouvola, which later upheld the sentences. Österman then tried to appeal his sentence to the Supreme Court, but his appeal was declined.
In November 2012, after serving approximately 11 years in prison, the Appeals Court of the city of Helsinki granted Österman a parole. He was released from prison in August 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6927505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927505" title="Conan (Dark Horse Comic Series)">
Conan (Dark Horse Comic Series)



</doc>
<doc id="6927509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927509" title="1956 revolution">
1956 revolution



</doc>
<doc id="6927512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927512" title="Handel House">
Handel House

Handel House (German: "Händel-Haus") is a cultural site in Halle in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. The composer George Frideric Handel was born here in 1685; it is now a museum, and houses a collection relating to the composer and to the musical history of Halle.
History.
The house, which may date back to the 15th century, has its earliest documented mention in 1558. It was purchased in 1666 by Georg Händel, ducal valet and surgeon. His son George Frideric Handel was born here on 23 February 1685, and lived here until 1703, when he moved to Hamburg.
The house remained in the family until 1783, after which time, until 1937, it was owned by a succession of merchants. In 1922 "Hallische Händel-Verein" (Handel Society of Halle), and also Newman Flower, an English writer about Handel, endeavoured to purchase it, but were not successful.
In 1937 it was purchased by the City of Halle, and was opened as a music museum in 1948. In 1985, the 300th anniversary of the composer's birth, the museum was extended by including neighbouring historical buildings. In 2003 the Handel House was included in the list of cultural heritage sites in the "Blaubuch" (Blue Book) of the federal government. A private foundation, "Stiftung Händel-Haus", was established in 2008.
Collections.
There is a collection of about 700 musical instruments, not only of the Baroque period. There is also a collection of documents (about 1000 items); pictures, relating to Handel and his time, and to the musical history of Halle; books, including first editions of works by Handel and by other composers of Halle; and other musical items.

</doc>
<doc id="6927513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927513" title="John II, Elector of Brandenburg">
John II, Elector of Brandenburg



</doc>
<doc id="6927515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927515" title="Sir Reginald Henry Craddock">
Sir Reginald Henry Craddock



</doc>
<doc id="6927518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927518" title="Sir R. H. Craddock">
Sir R. H. Craddock



</doc>
<doc id="6927519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927519" title="Ytteroy">
Ytteroy



</doc>
<doc id="6927522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927522" title="Lagos Airport">
Lagos Airport



</doc>
<doc id="6927525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927525" title="Musketeers of the Guard">
Musketeers of the Guard

The Musketeers of the military household of the King of France ( or "compagnie des mousquetaires du roi"), also known as the Musketeers of the Guard () or King's Musketeers (), were an elite fighting company of the military branch of the Maison du Roi, the royal household of the French monarchy.
History.
They were founded in 1622 when Louis XIII furnished a company of light cavalry (the "carabins", created by Louis' father Henry IV) with muskets. The Musketeers fought in battles both on foot (infantry) and on horseback (cavalry). They formed the royal guard for the king while he was outside of the royal residences (within the royal residences, the king's guard was the "Garde du corps" and the "Gardes suisses"). The Musketeers of the Guard wore an early type of military uniform with a tabard (known as "soubreveste"), indicating that they "belonged" to the King, and an embroidered white cross denoting the fact that they were formed during the Huguenot rebellions in support of the Catholic cause.
Shortly after the Musketeers were established, a second company was founded to report to Cardinal Richelieu. At the cardinal's death in 1642, the company passed to his successor Cardinal Mazarin, who disbanded his Musketeers in 1646. He revived the Musketeers in 1657 with a company of 150 men. Upon Mazarin's death in 1661, the cardinal's Musketeers passed to Louis XIV.
In 1664, the two companies were reorganized: one company took the name "Grey Musketeers" ("mousquetaires gris") from the color of their matched horses, while the second were called "Black Musketeers" ("mousquetaires noirs"), mounted on black horses. At roughly the same time, the size of the Musketeer companies was doubled.
The Musketeers were among the most prestigious of the military companies of the Ancien Régime, and in principle membership in the companies was reserved for nobles. With the reforms of Michel le Tellier – which mandated a certain number of years of military service before nobles could attain the rank of officer – many nobles sought to do this service in the privileged Musketeer companies.
In 1776, the Musketeers were disbanded by Louis XVI for budgetary reasons. Reformed in 1789, they were disbanded again shortly after the French Revolution. They were reformed on 6 July 1814 and definitively disbanded on 1 January 1816.
Notable Musketeers of the Guard.
The following are some of the notable Musketeers:

</doc>
<doc id="6927529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927529" title="Rousse Blood Wedding">
Rousse Blood Wedding



</doc>
<doc id="6927530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927530" title="DNMM">
DNMM



</doc>
<doc id="6927537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927537" title="Virginia State Route 762 (Smyth and Washington Counties)">
Virginia State Route 762 (Smyth and Washington Counties)



</doc>
<doc id="6927538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927538" title="State Route 762 (Smyth County, Virginia)">
State Route 762 (Smyth County, Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6927542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927542" title="State Route 762 (Washington County, Virginia)">
State Route 762 (Washington County, Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6927545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927545" title="Amara aenea">
Amara aenea

Amara aenea is a ground beetle common in almost the whole of Europe and Northern Asia. Its range covers also parts of Northern Africa. It is known as the common sun beetle.
"A. aenea" adults are predators that eat other insects, such as the apple maggot and soybean aphid, which are considered pests by the agriculture industry. As such, this beetle is under study for use in integrated pest management. Larvae are omnivorous.
The adults feed on the developing seed of "Poa trivialis" and smooth meadow grass "Poa pratensis".

</doc>
<doc id="6927548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927548" title="State Route 135 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 135 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927550" title="State Route 79 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 79 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927551" title="State Route 79 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 79 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6927552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927552" title="Route 135 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 135 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927565" title="Veľký Biel">
Veľký Biel

Veľký Biel () is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava Region.
Etymology.
The name comes from Slavic "beľ" ("bělь"): whiteness, "glistening place" - mud, swam (compare i.e. with Old Polish "biel" or Russian "biľ" /dialect/). 1294 "Beel", 1335 "Magyarbel" (hu: "Hungarian Bel"), now "Veľký Biel". 1323 "Minor Beel", 1335 "Nemethbel" (hu: "German Bel"), now Malý Biel - a part of Veľký Bieľ.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1209.
Geography.
The municipality lies at an altitude of 131 metres and covers an area of 10.161 km². It has a population of 2303 people. 

</doc>
<doc id="6927566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927566" title="Velky Biel">
Velky Biel



</doc>
<doc id="6927567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927567" title="Fairest and best">
Fairest and best



</doc>
<doc id="6927568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927568" title="Judy Martin Jersey">
Judy Martin Jersey



</doc>
<doc id="6927570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927570" title="Jean-Marie-Rodrigue Villeneuve">
Jean-Marie-Rodrigue Villeneuve

Jean-Marie-Rodrigue Villeneuve (November 2, 1883 – January 17, 1947) was a Canadian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Quebec from 1931 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1933.
Biography.
Early life and ordination.
Jean-Marie-Rodrigue Villeneuve was born in Montreal, one of the three children of Rodrigue Villeneuve (a shoemaker) and Louise Lalonde. He completed his secondary studies at Mont-Saint-Louis, from where he obtained a diploma in science and commerce, in 1900. After teaching at a school in Dorval, Villeneuve entered the Oblates of Mary Immaculate on August 14, 1901, in Lachine. He professed his final vows on September 8, 1903, and was ordained to the priesthood by Archbishop Joseph-Thomas Duhamel on May 25, 1907. While pursuing doctoral studies at the University of Ottawa, Villeneuve taught philosophy (1907–1913) and moral theology (1913–1920) at the Oblate Scholasticate in Ottawa. He also served as a professor of canon law, liturgy, spirituality, and ecclesiastical history, and the Dean of Theology at the Scholasticate.
Professor.
From the University of Ottawa, he earned a doctorate in philosophy (1919), doctorate in theology (1922), and doctorate in canon law (1930). Villeneuve founded the School of Superior Ecclesiastical Studies, where he was made titular professor of canon law, in 1928. In 1929, he returned to the University of Ottawa, this time to head the Canon Law Faculty. He was active in labor unions, civil rights, and contributed to "Le Droit".
Bishop and Archbishop.
On July 3, 1930, Villeneuve was appointed the first Bishop of Gravelbourg by Pope Pius XI. He received his episcopal consecration on the following September 11 from Archbishop Joseph-Guillaume-Laurent Forbes, with Bishops Louis Rhéaume, OMI, and Joseph Guy, OMI, serving as co-consecrators, in the Cathedral of Ottawa. Villeneuve was later named Archbishop of Quebec on December 11, 1931.
Cardinal.
Pius XI created him Cardinal-Priest of "S. Maria degli Angeli" in the consistory of March 13, 1933. Commenting on his elevation, Villeneuve said, "I do not feel at all worthy, but the Sovereign Pontiff calls me and I go." The Canadian primate was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 1939 papal conclave, at which he himself was considered "papabile", that selected Pope Pius XII.
Later life and death.
Villeneuve was stricken by a heart attack on July 7, 1946, while returning from Île-à-la-Crosse, where he had taken part in the celebrations for the centennial of his order. After being hospitalized at Hôtel-Dieu de Québec, he left Quebec for the United States, specifically for Misericordia Hospital in Manhattan, on the following October 4 for medical treatment, having yet another crisis on October 14.
Seeking a milder climate, he arrived at a convent in Alhambra, California, on January 14, 1947. Three days later, the Cardinal stopped his private secretary during the beginning of the latter's Mass, sensing his death was imminent. He died within the hour, at 7:50 a.m., aged 63.
Upon his body's return to Canada, flags were set at half-mast. On January 24, Cardinal James Charles McGuigan celebrated his funeral Mass, at which, according to Villeneuve's will, there was no eulogy but only Gregorian music. He is buried in the Cathedral-Basilica of Quebec.
Views.
Modern freedoms.
He was opposed to freedom of the press, of thought, and of religion, and opposed women's suffrage, which passed in Quebec in 1940, as causing ruinous effects on family unity and the authority of the father.
Wearing shorts.
He viewed wearing shorts as an offence to Christian decency. He became known in Quebec as its "Good Father."
Conscription.
Initially for neutrality, he encouraged French Canadians to register for the draft and to enlist upon the outbreak of the Second World War: "You cannot fight this war by condensing the horizon to this continent." Most Quebec nationalists opposed the war, and some even viewed Hitler as an ally against communism.
During the autumn of 1944, he visited the Canadian military that were stationed in Great Britain, Italy, Belgium, and the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="6927571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927571" title="Orlando Urbano">
Orlando Urbano

Orlando Urbano (born 9 June 1984) is an Italian former football player who played as a defender.
Club career.
Juventus.
Urbano started his career with Italian powerhouse Juventus FC, where he played for the club's youth sector. In 2004, he graduated from the Juventus youth system along with several other future prospects. For the first half of the 2004–2005 season, Juventus loaned the 19-year-old Urbano out to A.C. Reggiana, in the Italian third division, in order for him to gain experience at a professional level. With Reggiana, he managed 7 appearances as a center defender, his natural position. For the next six-months of the 2004–05 season, Juventus loaned him out to A.C. Pavia, where he would account for nine total appearances. He would then join Sassari Torres, where he did not manage a single start, and thus was re-called to Juve and loaned back out to Catanzaro. He would make 13 total appearances for the Catanzaro based club.
Potenza S.C..
The following season, he returned to Juventus, but in an entire season, made not a single appearance and due to poor performances and lack of experience, Juventus terminated the 23-year-old's contract. He was signed on a free transfer for the 2007–08 season by Serie C1 side Potenza S.C. With Potenza, Urbano became a first choice defender for the club in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione, and he went on to make 29 league appearances during the season, also netting a single goal. Despite the positive experience with the southern club, Urbano was sold in the summer of 2008 to third division club, Pro Patria.
Pro Patria.
Following his official transfer to Pro Patria for the 2008–09 season, Urbano again earned a starting position within the club's back line, and would go on to help them to a promotion playoff position in the former Serie C1 by finishing second in the league table. Unfortunately for the club, they would end up remaining in the third tier due to their loss in the promotion playoff final. Urbano scored 2 goals in 31 league appearances that season.
Vicenza Calcio.
In the summer of 2009, he transferred from Pro Patria to Serie B side Vicenza Calcio, after an impressive 2008–09 Lega Pro Prima Divisione season. Urbano, however, had very limited chances in Vicenza and left on loan for Perugia Calcio in January 2010, along with team-mates Giampietro Perrulli and Filippo Forò. With Perugia, Urbano made just 7 appearances during the course of his 5-month tenure.
Return to Lega Pro.
Following his return to Vicenza in the summer of 2010, Urbano's contract expired and therefore, he became a free agent. He failed to find a club until January 2011, when he joined Paganese in the Lega Pro Seconda Divisione. In his short 6-month spell with the Campania-based club, the defender made 15 league appearances and netted 1 goal. His performances attracted interest from Calcio Como, who eventually signed the player on 24 July 2011 for an undisclosed transfer fee. In his first season with the club, Urbano earned regular playing time once more, and made 31 league appearances and scored 2 goals for his new club. Como went on to place 13th in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione.

</doc>
<doc id="6927572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927572" title="State Route 135 (Virginia 1930-1933)">
State Route 135 (Virginia 1930-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927574" title="State Route 134 (Virginia 1930-1933)">
State Route 134 (Virginia 1930-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927580" title="State Route 79 (Virginia 1933-1953)">
State Route 79 (Virginia 1933-1953)



</doc>
<doc id="6927582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927582" title="HMAS Parramatta (U44)">
HMAS Parramatta (U44)

HMAS "Parramatta" (U44) was a sloop of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Built during the late 1930s, "Parramatta" operated in the Red Sea and Mediterranean during World War II. The sloop was torpedoed by the on 27 November 1941, and sank off Tobruk with 138 of the 162 personnel aboard.
Construction.
"Parramatta" was laid down on 9 November 1938 at the Cockatoo Island Dockyard at Sydney, New South Wales. She was launched on 10 June 1939 and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) on 8 April 1940.
Operational history.
"Parramatta" was assigned to the Red Sea Force in July 1940, and arrived in Aden at the month's end. The majority of the ship's duties were escorting convoys. The sloop was later transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet.
While in the Mediterranean, "Parramatta" was one of several warships, nicknamed the Tobruk Ferry Service, used to supply and support the Allied forces besieged at Tobruk. While operating off Tobruk on 24 June 1941, "Parramatta", the British sloop , and the petrol carrier "Pass of Balmaha" were attacked by over 70 dive bombers. The Australian warship shot down three aircraft during the engagement without receiving major damage, but "Auckland" was sunk. "Parramatta" later helped recover the 164 survivors.
Loss.
Early in the morning of 27 November 1941, "Parramatta" was escorting transports resupplying the Allied garrison at Tobruk, when she was hit by a single torpedo from under the command of Hans Heidtmann. The damage was so significant that the sloop's captain only had time to order 'abandon ship' before "Parramatta" rolled to starboard and sank at . Only 24 aboard survived, with 138 killed.
The sloop's wartime service was later recognised by the battle honour "Libya 1941".

</doc>
<doc id="6927587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927587" title="Hrubý Šúr">
Hrubý Šúr

Hrubý Šúr or Hegysúr (in , in ) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava Region.
Geography.
The municipality lies at an altitude of 128 metres and covers an area of 6.207 km2. It has a population of 647 people.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1245.
After the Austro-Hungarian army disintegrated in November 1918, Czechoslovak troops occupied the area, later acknowledged internationally by the Treaty of Trianon. Between 1938 and 1945 Hrubý Šúr once more became part of Miklós Horthy's Hungary through the First Vienna Award. From 1945 until the Velvet Divorce, it was part of Czechoslovakia. Since then it has been part of Slovakia.
Demography.
Population by nationality: 
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Bratislava, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6927588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927588" title="Kokkala">
Kokkala

Kokkala may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6927593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927593" title="Sophia Mirza">
Sophia Mirza

Sophia Mirza (1973–25 November 2005) was a woman in the United Kingdom who died from complications of myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome. The inquest recorded the cause of death as "renal failure as a result of chronic fatigue syndrome”.
Background.
Mirza was born in the United Kingdom in 1973, one of four children to Irish/Asian parents. She visited Africa at the age of 19, traveling and working throughout the continent and was infected with malaria twice while there. At the age of 26 Mirza fell ill with what appeared to be the flu and shortly afterward became convalescent.
In July 2003 Mirza was forceably removed from her home and sectioned for two weeks by her doctors, who had come to believe her condition was psychosomatic, an action which her mother and sister said severely worsened her condition. Her mother and sister stated that Mirza's physical symptoms were treated as a mental condition rather than a physical illness, and her caregiver mother was accused of 'enabling' her.
Death.
For two years following her sectioning, Mirza's health deteriorated. By September 2005 she took a significant turn for the worse, developing intolerance to most of the food she consumed, ear infection and severe pain, and was only able to consume a small amount of water. At the time of her death she was only able to tolerate 4floz of water a day, as her glands would swell up and it felt like the circulation in her legs was being cut off. Mirza died on 25 November 2005. Initial autopsy results were inconclusive for her cause of death, but a second autopsy and the results of an inquest released on 13 June 2006 determined the cause of death to be "acute anueric kidney failure due to dehydration caused by CFS". Though initially reported by "New Scientist" as the first death worldwide ascribed to CFS, the magazine later acknowledged that other deaths had been directly attributed to CFS in the United States and Australia. Fatalities have been attributed to CFS or ME since at least 1956.
Inquest.
An official inquest was held to determine Mirza's cause of death, including an autopsy. The coroner concluded Mirza died as a result of CFS. Other possible causes that were eliminated after consideration were sleep apnea, drug use, and others that could have been consistent with the autopsy results. A neuropathologist testified at the inquest that four out of five of Mirza's dorsal root ganglia − structures in the spinal cord involved in perceptions of touch, temperature, body position and pain − showed abnormalities and evidence of inflammation. A neurologist who consulted on the inquest stated the changes in the spinal cord may have been the cause of the symptoms Mirza experienced as part of her ME/CFS.
According to the BBC, advocacy groups such as the ME Association saw the inquest's verdict as proof that Mirza's condition was neurological.

</doc>
<doc id="6927594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927594" title="Tech-Speed Motorsport">
Tech-Speed Motorsport

Tech-Speed Motorsport is a British auto racing team who compete in the British Touring Car Championship (BTCC) and various historic race categories which was founded in 1984.
The team races under the name of M247 Racing.
MGF Cup - Tech-Speed Motorsport ran two cars for 3 years in the MGF Cup from 1998 to the end of 2000 when run and supported by the manufacturer, this was a very competitive one make series and Tech-Speed ran with drivers Nick Carr and Paul O'Neil with many podium finishes.
British Touring Car Championship.
During the early 1990s, Tech-Speed built and prepared various BMW M3 racing cars for teams in the championship, before withdrawing to compete in club-level racing due to the manufacturer dominance during the Super Touring era.
The team returned to the championship in 2001 to run two Peugeot 306 GTi in the BTC-Production class for Paul O'Neill and Annie Templeton.
The team did not return to the championship until 2005, where they had been in charge of preparing the bio-ethanol Vauxhall Astra Coupé. The car was used by female racer Fiona Leggate. Leggate raced the Astra for two seasons. Paul O'Neill also drove the car once at the 2006 season finale.
In 2007, the team ran a Vauxhall Astra Sport Hatch for Turkish racer Erkut Kızılırmak under the Arkas Racing banner. The following season, Kızılırmak was joined by Martyn Bell in a two-car assault on the championship.
In 2009 the team switched to two former Team Eurotech Honda Integras for Martyn Bell and Paul O'Neill under the Team Sunshine.co.uk banner.
Due to problems relating to an injury sustained in 2008, Bell was replaced by John George for the 2010 season.
In 2011, the team switched their Honda Integras for a pair of Super 2000 Chevrolet Cruzes, run under the GoMobileUK.com with tech-speed banner.
Due to budgetary issues, tech-speed missed the start of the 2012 season. However, the team announced their intention to return to the series with a turbocharged Chevrolet Cruze for former Dunlop Production Touring Car Championship driver Joe Girling. The team failed to make an appearance.
During the 2013 season the team ran under the name of their sponsor M247 Racing.

</doc>
<doc id="6927600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927600" title="Tureň">
Tureň

Tureň () is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava Region.
Geography.
The municipality lies at an altitude of and covers an area of .
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1252.
After the Austro-Hungarian army disintegrated in November 1918, Czechoslovak troops occupied the area, later acknowledged internationally by the Treaty of Trianon. Between 1938 and 1945 Tureň once more became part of Miklós Horthy's Hungary through the First Vienna Award. From 1945 until the Velvet Divorce, it was part of Czechoslovakia. Since then it has been part of Slovakia.
Population.
It has a population of about 878 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6927603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927603" title="Douglas E. Winter">
Douglas E. Winter

Douglas E. Winter (born October 30, 1950, in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American writer, critic and lawyer.
Winter grew up in Granite City, Illinois. He graduated from Harvard Law School in 1975 and became a lawyer in Washington, DC, currently working as Of Counsel/Director of Analytics Review Technology at internationally based law firm Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLP, concentrating on complex litigation, information management, electronic discovery, and entertainment law. Winter has also taught legal writing at the University of Iowa.
A lifelong interest in horror has led him to develop a parallel career as horror writer and horror critic. Winter edited horror anthologies "Prime Evil" (1988) and "Revelations" (1997) as well as the Hugo Award-nominated and World Fantasy Award-winning interviews collection "Faces of Fear" (1985, revised 1990). He has also written the authorized critical biographies of Stephen King and Clive Barker. His novel "Run" (2000) was selected as the Best Suspense Novel of the Year by the Book of the Month Club and was nominated for the World Mystery Award. His experimental novella "Splatter: A Cautionary Tale" (1987) was nominated for the World Fantasy Award. His short story "Black Sun," illustrated by Stephen R. Bissette, won the International Horror Award. Other short fiction has been nominated for the Bram Stoker Award, the World Fantasy Award, and the International Horror Award. 
Winter has appeared in several documentary films and has provided commentary for blu ray and DVD releases of a variety of motion pictures, including "Candyman", "The Dead Zone", "Pet Sematary", and "Salem's Lot". He was book review columnist for "Fantasy Review, Weird Tales, Cemetery Dance," and "The Magazine of Fantasy &amp; Science Fiction." He wrote more than 150 soundtrack review columns for "Video Watchdog." His reviews have appeared in such major metropolitan newspapers as the "Washington Post, the Washington Times, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution," and the "Cleveland Plain Dealer," and in magazines as diverse as "Saturday Review, Harper's Bazaar, Fangoria, Gallery," and "Twilight Zone." He is a member of the National Book Critics Circle.
Awards.
Douglas Winter was also nominated for the 1983 World Fantasy Special Award—Professional award for writing &amp; reviewing, won the 1986 World Fantasy Special Award—Non-professional award for reviewing &amp; won the 2003 HWA Silver Hammer Award (Horror Writers Association).

</doc>
<doc id="6927605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927605" title="Turen">
Turen



</doc>
<doc id="6927611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927611" title="BYO Split Series Volume V">
BYO Split Series Volume V

BYO Split Series Volume V is a split album released in 2004 as the fifth entry in BYO Records "BYO Split Series". The album features 12 songs from the two punk bands, Alkaline Trio and One Man Army. Unlike the earlier entries in the "BYO Split Series", there is only one cover song ("Wait for the Blackout") originally performed by The Damned. The other eleven tracks are brand new.
This album features the first version of Alkaline Trio's "Sadie" which was written about the Manson Family member Susan Atkins.

</doc>
<doc id="6927618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927618" title="NADA">
NADA



</doc>
<doc id="6927620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927620" title="Čataj">
Čataj

Čataj () is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Senec District in the Bratislava region. This typical agricultural village has fewer than 1000 inhabitants and is located aside from major roads, roughly between Senec and Trnava.
Etymology.
"Čata": the archaic name for residents responsible for guarding the assigned area (in the modern Slovak "čata": a squad). Chatey "1244", Czataj "1773". See also Čata in the Levice District.
History.
Early archaeological digs show that people settled the area around Čataj as early as 5000 BC. The town was mentioned for the first time in 1244, under the name "posesio Chatey". In the next few centuries the town and surrounding lands were given as gifts to several different families loyal to the Hungarian crown.
In the 14th century, German colonists settled in Čataj, and until the 18th century the town was almost exclusively German. During this period, the town built a Catholic rectory (1397) and a church in 1721. Later, in 1845 the current church was built in Neoclassical style. The church was repaired twice in the second half of the twentieth century, and along with a much newer Catholic Evangelical church serve the local community.
Culture and entertainment.
Čataj is famous primarily for its ornamental embroidery of blouses and tablecloths. These artworks have been sold all over the world, and one of them is said to have served as Pope John Paul II's tablecloth. Folk art also survives in the form of two music bands, the brass band "Čatajanka" and the gypsy folk band "Farkašovci", which have toured beyond the borders of Slovakia. In addition, the village has a local folk dance group, "Tulipán".
Due to its quiet and slow life and its agricultural character, Čataj has been often used as backdrops for movies and other art by movie directors Martin Slivka and Martin Ťapák, the cinematographer, photographer and folk art collector Karol Plicka and others.
In addition to folk art, the village organizes annual hunts and has a soccer team, which is regularly on the last place of Slovakia's lowest, sixth division of its soccer league. The village also organizes numerous dances in its cultural center.
Demographics.
In 2004 the town had 972 inhabitants: 471 men and 501 women. 99.1% were of Slovak ethnicity; the only two declared minorities were Hungarian and Czech. 64.3% of inhabitants were Roman Catholic, 24.8% Evangelical Catholic and 7.3% atheist.
Of the 314 houses in the village 261 were permanently inhabited
Genealogical resources.
The records for genealogical research are available at the state archive "Statny Archiv in Bratislava, Slovakia"

</doc>
<doc id="6927622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927622" title="Cataj">
Cataj



</doc>
<doc id="6927624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927624" title="Scottish Marches">
Scottish Marches

Scottish Marches was the term used for the Anglo-Scottish border during the Late Middle Ages and the Early Modern era, characterised by violence and cross-border raids. The Scottish Marches era came to an end during the first decade of the 17th century following the Union of the Crowns of England and Scotland.
History.
Origins.
The Marches were first conceived in a treaty between Henry III of England and Alexander III of Scotland in 1249 as an attempt to control the Anglo-Scottish border by providing a buffer zone. On each side of the Anglo-Scottish border there was the West March, the Middle March and the East March. These regions nearly mirrored each other but there was some overlap between the Scottish and English regions. In the late 13th century Edward I of England appointed the first Lord Warden of the Marches, who was tasked with overseeing these regions and keeping their monarch's domain secure; when it was in their interests, they would encourage cross-border raiding, or even full-scale war.
Especially in the Tudor period, some inhabitants of the Marches on either side of the border exhibited mixed national allegiances, and parts of the region were home to Riding Surnames or clans. Before the two kingdoms were united in March 1603, under the personal union of Scotland and England under James VI of Scotland (James I of England), the border clans would switch allegiance between the Scottish and English thrones depending on what was most favourable for the members of the clan. For a time, powerful local clans dominated a region on the border between England and Scotland, known as the Debatable Lands, where neither monarch's writ was heeded.
During this era, the Border Reivers were raiders that attacked local residents. There were both English and Scottish clans in these groups, and they would attack regardless of nationality. Local farmers would often need to make payments to the various clans as a form of protection money to ensure they were not attacked. These agreements were called , from an Old Norse word meaning 'agreement'. The word "blackmail" entered the English language in 1530 as a result.
The fluid nature of the border, and the frequent wars between Scotland and England, made the Marches fertile ground for many bandits and reivers who exploited the situation. The wardens of the Marches on either side of the border were entrusted with the difficult task of keeping the peace and punishing wrongdoers; the Scottish and English wardens would meet to co-ordinate their efforts against free-lance reivers at "days of march" (or "days of truce"), when they implemented March law, a kind of customary law agreed upon by the two realms during times of peace.
The reiver period produced one unique architectural feature in the old reiver country—the peel tower, a defensive structure found on many great houses (and indeed on Carlisle Cathedral). It has also produced a great deal of romantic literature, most famously the works of Sir Walter Scott.
Berwick-upon-Tweed, a strategic town on the north bank of the River Tweed (the traditional border in the East March), is slightly closer to Edinburgh than to Newcastle. It was fought over many times: between 1147 and 1482, the town changed hands between the two nations more than 13 times. As late as the reign of Elizabeth I of England, the English considered it worth spending a fortune on the latest style of fortifications (trace italienne) to secure the town against Scottish attack.
17th century.
The Scottish Marches era came to an end during the first decade of the 17th century with the creation of the Middle Shires, promulgated after the personal union of Scotland and England under James VI of Scotland (James I of England).

</doc>
<doc id="6927625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927625" title="Ichikawa Danjūrō XII">
Ichikawa Danjūrō XII

 was a Japanese actor. He was the twelfth kabuki actor to hold the illustrious name Ichikawa Danjūrō.
Career.
He was the eldest son of Ichikawa Danjūrō XI. He first appeared on stage in 1953 under his birth name Natsuo Horikoshi, and in 1958 took the name Ichikawa Shinnosuke. In 1969, he graduated from Nihon University, and took the name Ichikawa Ebizō X, acting in major roles such as the title character in "Sukeroku" and Togashi in "Kanjinchō". He assumed his present name in 1985, appearing as Benkei (again in "Kanjinchō"). Though he underwent the formal "shūmei" naming ceremony at the Kabuki-za in Tokyo, the celebrations continued for several months, as is traditional; his performances that year in New York, Washington DC and Los Angeles would mark the first (and as of 2006, only) time that a "shūmei" was celebrated abroad.
Active outside Japan, Danjūrō appeared in New York, Washington, Los Angeles, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth, Brussels, East Berlin, Dresden, Vienna, and Paris.
In addition, he acted in television roles, and has portrayed Ōoka Tadasuke in "Honō no Bugyō Ōoka Echizen no Kami", as well as Tokugawa Mitsukuni and Ashikaga Yoshimasa.
Danjūrō was diagnosed with acute promyelocytic leukemia in late spring 2004, after falling ill and becoming unable to perform alongside his son (Ichikawa Ebizō XI), who was celebrating his "shūmei" at the time, having become the latest to take the name Ichikawa Ebizō. Though illness, and subsequent hospitalization, forced Danjūrō to leave the stage for long stretches in 2004–05, he later returned.
He died of pneumonia in a Tokyo hospital on February 3, 2013, at the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="6927626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927626" title="Juozas Glinskis">
Juozas Glinskis

Juozas Glinskis (born October 15, 1933, Sindriūnai, Pasvalys district) is a Lithuanian playwright.
Works.
Juozas Glinskis marked a new stage in the development of Lithuanian theatre in the second half of the 20th century. He broke the traditional Lithuanian (usually a poetic drama) model, and is known as the pioneer of Lithuanian “theatre of cruelty”. 
The writer himself, however, calls his works “cognitive dramas”. They cross the protective boundaries of “common sense”; the play’s dramaturgic dynamics are based on shadings and manifestations of evil. In terms of style, that is a sarcastic grotesque, an anti-psychological caricature, a subconscious hysteria, and a combination of folkloric “native” motives and overshot of lyricism and romantic emotion.
“Grasos namai” and “Kingas” (directed by Jonas Jurašas in 1970 and Jonas Vaitkus in 1980) marked a turning point in the hierarchy of aesthetic values in Lithuanian theatre. These and other J. Glinskis’ plays demanded new means of expression from the Lithuanian theatre: naked passions, harsh validation of matter, superiority of metaphors, and avant-garde challenges.
J.Glinskis newest drama „Vieno Tėvo Vaikai“ (Children of One Father) received the highest Lithuanian award from the directors of the expert commission - 1000 years Lithuania
Political activism.
Glinskis and his family were engaged the Lithuanian pro-independence political movement Sąjūdis, acting against the suppression of the Soviet dictatorship and has been a delegate of Sąjūdis. His 1968 soviet critical play "Pasivaikščiojimas mėnesienoje“ (A walk in the moonlight), that presented the members and leaders of the communist party as mental house inmates, was under conspiracy circumstances brought to the USA, with help by Andrei Sakharov. It premiered at a theater in New York City. 
As a political companion and friend of Vytautas Landsbergis, the first head of state of Lithuania after its declaration of independence from the Soviet Union, he wrote the biography of Landsbergis in 1990-1991, including the history of independence of Lithuania in the book „Laisvės Byla“ (File of Freedom).

</doc>
<doc id="6927629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927629" title="Docklands Light Railway rolling stock">
Docklands Light Railway rolling stock

The Docklands Light Railway rolling stock is the passenger trains and service vehicles (collectively known as 'rolling stock') used on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR), which serves the London Docklands area in the east of London.
The passenger trains consist of high-floor, bi-directional, single-articulated EMUs. The trains are formed of sets of two or three semi-permanently connected cars, the increase to three-car trains introduced on the busiest routes since 2010, following substantial platform extension works. The automation system is a GoA3 driverless system, which requires a Passenger Service Agent (PSA) to manually open and close the doors and, when necessary, manually drive the train.
There have been three different main types of DLR rolling stock, but only two of them (the B90/B92/B2K fleet and the B07 fleet) are in operation; the original P86/P89 stock having been withdrawn and sold to Essen, Germany.
From 2025, a new fleet of 54 trains built by CAF will replace older rolling stock on the DLR and provide additional capacity.
Passenger stock overview.
The first three generations of passenger trains consist of 149 high-floor, bi-directional, single-articulated cars, each long. The cars have four doors on each side (2 per section). When the system was first built, trains sometimes consisted only of a single unit, but now each train is normally composed of two cars coupled together. A third car has been added on the busiest routes since 2010. Each car has 70 seats and has a total capacity of 284 passengers. The future B23 rolling stock will be a single 5-coach unit equivalent to the length of a 3-car train, with 13 doors per side.
The cars do not have a driver's cab, although there is a small driving console hidden behind a locked panel at each outer car end from which the Passenger Service Agent (PSA) can manually drive the train if necessary. Other consoles at each door vestibule allow the PSA to control door closure and make announcements whilst patrolling the train. Because of the absence of a driver's position, the fully glazed car ends provide a panoramic forward (or rear) view for passengers. At least one PSA is required on each train to close the doors upon departing and for emergency situations, such as taking the controls or evacuating the train, especially in tunnelled sections.
Despite being highly automated, the cars are derived from a German Stadtbahnwagen B design, which was intended for use in light rail systems with sections of street running lines (as is currently the case with the cars now used in Essen). Unlike the Stadtbahn trains which use overhead lines for power, the DLR trains are powered by a bottom-contact third rail.
The first three generations that have operated on the system looked similar, but there have been four main generations, subdivided into multiple orders, three of which are still in operation on the Docklands Light Railway, the most recent entering service in 2008. None of the rolling stock has air conditioning, except for the upcoming B23 stock.
The DLR trains have a maximum speed of , but the fastest possible speed reached is through the tunnel under the River Thames between Woolwich Arsenal station and King George V.
P86 and P89 rolling stock.
The fleet for the 1987 opening consisted of 11 light rail vehicles (LRVs) built in 1986 by Linke-Hofmann-Busch in Germany and numbered 01 to 11. These were referred to as P86 stock, the 'P' referring to Poplar depot, where they were maintained. These cars originally had inward folding doors, similar to many trams and Chicago "L" rolling stock produced from the 1940s to the 1960s, but which proved to be problematic; later cars had single leaf sliding pocket doors.
Vehicle 11 made history several times. It was part of a light rail demonstration at Debdale Park, Manchester for which it had a pantograph fitted by Balfour Beatty. The demonstration took place on 9 February 1987 as evaluation trials for a potential tram system in Manchester. P11 was the last unit to be delivered to the DLR at Poplar on 30 March 1987, without the pantograph. It carried Queen Elizabeth II and the Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh during the opening of the DLR on 30 July 1987 from Island Gardens (when originally above ground) to Poplar and then to Tower Gateway. It also operated the first revenue-earning DLR service and was the first to move to Essen in 1991.
There were 84 seats in each car with most arranged in transverse bays of four to take advantage of the large windows. There were two wheelchair bays, and twelve longitudinal seats to provide a larger circulation area. An emergency operator's console for the Train Captain was provided, albeit locked when not in use. These cars were built for the initial above-ground system and, because of failing to comply with safety and fire regulations (for example, not having any front and rear evacuation doors), were not allowed to operate on the tunnelled extension to . Because of this, and because adaptation to a new signalling system was too costly, these cars were sold in 1991 to of Essen, Germany. Despite the sale, several cars remained in service on the DLR until July 1995, when they were finally withdrawn along with the P89 stock. In Germany, they were extensively rebuilt and put into service on the Essen Stadtbahn between 1994 and 1998. Originally, they retained DLR colours and were limited to route U11, but after a further modification programme started in 2005 trains are appearing in a yellow livery and are used on all routes.
In 1989–1990, British Rail Engineering Limited's Holgate Road carriage works, produced another ten cars, numbered 12 to 21, having the characteristics of the original P86 stock. They were, however, equipped with sufficient fireproofing to operate through the tunnels of the Bank extension, possibly because they were designed and built by a different manufacturer. These were designated P89 stock and remained in operation on the DLR until 1995. The two initial car types were effectively identical in appearance; apart from the car numbers, one difference was the red colour underneath the end window was noticeably more orange and reflective on the P89 cars than on the original P86 ones. By 1994, all P89s had been modified with single-leaf sliding pocket doors. They were also subsequently sold to Essen, where they entered service between 1999 and 2004 after major modifications had been carried out. In 2005 the last cars were repainted in Essen colours. Because the Essen Stadtbahn does not currently use fully automated driving and uses overhead line rather than third rail power collection, the modifications to both sets of cars involved fitting driver's cabs and pantographs. Today, the former London trains operate all (U11, U17 and U18) lines.
B90/B92/B2K rolling stock.
Additional vehicles were required as the network expanded, and as the original P86 and P89 cars had to be replaced due to their unsuitability for the changed system conditions. Bombardier built 23 vehicles of B90 stock in 1991, 47 vehicles of B92 stock from 1993 to 1995, and 24 vehicles of B2K stock from 2001 to 2002 at its Bruges, Belgium plant. When newly introduced, the B2K stock differed from the earlier vehicles in appearance as the doors and handrails were painted in colours that contrasted with their surroundings. These differences were all mandated by the Rail Vehicle Accessibility Regulations of the Disability Discrimination Act, which were not in force when the older cars were built.
The 'B' in the type codes refers to Beckton DLR depot, where they are primarily maintained. They are of a common design and can be operated interchangeably in trains of up to three sets.
The DLR fleet at the end of 2004 consisted of:
The numbering of the last B2K cars restarted from 01, reusing the numbers of the replaced, original P86/89 stock cars. The main reason for this was that the DLR computer-based signalling system was only originally designed to handle 2-digit car numbers, and a system upgrade to allow 3-digit car numbers did not take place until a few years after these cars were introduced, but before the B07 rolling stock was delivered.
DLR cars had a common livery of blue, white and red upon delivery. Over the years, several vehicles were painted in an all-over advertising livery. A new livery of turquoise and blue was tested on B90 car 40 in the late 1990s, but it was not adopted and the car was repainted in standard livery a few years later. The B90/B92/B2K stocks were refurbished between 2004 and 2007 with the completed trains re-entering service with a redesigned interior and in a new livery of red and blue with grey doors to comply with the Disability Discrimination Act 1995. The refurbished units feature an Audio and Visual Information System which gives audio announcements when approaching a station: "This train is for "destination", the next stop is "next stop"", for example:
"This train is for Bank, the next stop is Canary Wharf". It also announces the name of the station once the doors have opened, for example: "This is Canary Wharf". The fronts of the trains were refreshed from 2013, with the red front being repainted into a black front similar to the style of the B07 stock, after an online vote found it to be the most popular.
Two B90 vehicles numbered 38 and 39 have been scrapped following withdrawal in March 2022 and May 2016 respectively, as well as a single B2K unit, numbered 98, withdrawn from service in July 2019 following accident damage.
B92 vehicle 88 was initially withdrawn from service in April 2020 due to an electrical fault, but was reactivated in early 2023 after conversion to a dedicated shunting vehicle being utilised for the unloading and movement of the new build stock within the depot at Beckton. By March 2024, the unit had been scrapped.
B07 rolling stock.
In May 2005, a further 24 vehicles of a new design were ordered from Bombardier for network extensions and three-car service on the Bank–Lewisham route. They were to be delivered between May 2007 and September 2008, but were delayed. These vehicles are known as B07 stock, and are numbered 101 to 124. The first was delivered on 22 December 2007, and three units of B07 stock, 104, 105, and 106, were displayed at West India Quay on 13 March 2008. The first train of B07 stock, made up of units 105 and 106, entered service in September 2008. Even by March 2009 few of the new trains had appeared in service, but all units of this first batch had entered service by July 2009.
In June 2006, another 31 vehicles were added to this order. Sometimes called B09, these trains are the second batch of B07 cars and were built at Bombardier's plant at Bautzen, Germany. This batch was partly funded by the Olympic Delivery Authority and was planned for delivery by 2009. The first six units had been delivered by June 2009 with all in service by the end of June 2010.
The B07 stock units feature a totally redesigned exterior and interior. They have larger windows and doors and more leg room. In addition, several technical improvements were made for better acceleration, altered door functions to enable faster boarding and alighting, and improved braking for a smoother ride.
The B07 units were the first to operate as three-car trains in early 2010; the B92 trains followed operating in this way later in 2010. The initial three-car route was the mainstream Bank to Lewisham route, but the lengthened trains were subsequently also used on other routes.
Problems with wheel geometry.
All DLR trains have wheels that have a more angular profile than that on National Rail mainline trains, which is effective in manoeuvring around the tight curves encountered on DLR routes. However, a disadvantage of this technology is that they are partly responsible for violent shaking as the trains run at faster speeds on straight sections of the route, a phenomenon known as hunting oscillation. The new B23 rolling stock will have improved bogies and suspension to reduce this shaking effect.
Another problem with the DLR's wheel geometry and tight rail curvature is that this setup makes noise, which is amplified by the use of steel box torsion girders (e.g. Marsh Wall elevated road crossing adjacent to South Quay DLR station).
B23 rolling stock.
In 2017, Transport for London (TfL) published a notice in the "Official Journal of the European Union" seeking expressions of interest from manufacturers to build a new fleet of 43 trains each long. Procurement is planned through a manufacture and supply agreement, with the DLR franchise responsible for maintenance and a separate fleet support agreement seeing the manufacturer offer technical support and supply spares. The trains will be financed by a lease, whereby each train would be paid for by the lessor and purchased by TfL at a later date when it can make funds available. Alstom, Bombardier, Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles (CAF) and a Siemens / Stadler Rail consortium were shortlisted.
On 12 June 2019, CAF was announced as the winner to construct 43units, later increased to 54units. Thirty-three will replace the existing trains, and the rest will be used to provide additional capacity. The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities will provide £280million as part of the Housing Infrastructure Fund for the purchase of 14 additional trains and related work.
Unlike the current fleet (which operate two or three trains coupled together), the new fleet will be fixed formation units with 5 walk-through carriages equivalent to the length of three-car trains. On-board facilities planned include real-time information screens, air conditioning and mobile device charging points. TfL is also seeking improved reliability, and is aiming for a mean distance of between service-affecting failures. The depot at Beckton is to be expanded to accommodate the new fleet, and the depot at Poplar is to be modified to allow potential development of its air rights.
Production of the trains began in December 2020,
and the first train arrived at the Beckton depot in January 2023. In February 2023, the name of the trains was revealed to be B23 stock.
Live testing commenced in March 2023, with trains running during normal operating hours but without passengers. In June 2024, TfL announced that the introduction of the new trains was delayed until autumn 2024, after experiencing "challenges" during testing. , the majority of the new trains are currently being stored in Spain – as there is no space at the Beckton depot for them to be stored, after expansion works were delayed when the Buckingham Group collapsed into administration in 2023.
Non-passenger stock.
In addition to the passenger trains, the DLR also has a small fleet of specialist vehicles used for maintenance work.

</doc>
<doc id="6927635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927635" title="Norman Rossington">
Norman Rossington

Norman Rossington (24 December 1928 – 21 May 1999) was an English actor best remembered for his roles in "The Army Game", the "Carry On" films and the Beatles' film "A Hard Day's Night".
Early life.
Born in Liverpool, Lancashire, the son of a publican, Rossington was educated at Sefton Park Elementary School and Liverpool Technical College. He left education at the age of 14. After that he lived a rather aimless adolescent life as messenger, office boy at Liverpool Docks and apprentice joiner.
He did his national service in the RAF. Later, he went to night school and studied industrial design at technical college to become a draughtsman. His interest in acting led him to the David Lewis Theatre, a local theatre group where he began his acting career. Here he played Shakespeare and in "The Critic" under the direction of Thomas G Reed. Rossington went on to train at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School, by the mid-1950s appearing on the stage in plays such as a London Old Vic tour of the US in "A Midsummer Night's Dream" and "Salad Days", being one of the original cast. However, his big breakthrough came in 1957, when he starred as Private 'Cupcake' Cook in the popular sitcom "The Army Game". He left after three series in 1959, and in the meantime had appeared in its big screen spin-off "I Only Arsked!", again as 'Cupcake'.
Film roles.
His first film role was in the 1956 film "Three Men in a Boat". Rossington went on to appear in "Carry On Sergeant", the first Carry On film, as well as "Carry On Nurse" (1959) and "Carry On Regardless" (1961). Rossington also played notable serious roles in "Saint Joan" (1957) and the classic 1960 British "New Wave" film "Saturday Night and Sunday Morning", playing alongside Albert Finney in the latter's first starring role. In 1958 he acted in the first of two Titanic films, "A Night to Remember", as a steward unable to communicate with non-English speaking passengers. Rossington would return in his second Titanic film playing the Sergeant-at-Arms in "S.O.S. Titanic" in 1979.
In 1962 Rossington played the uncredited role of Corporal Jenkins in "Lawrence of Arabia", and later appeared in "The Longest Day" (1962), "Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines" (1965), "Tobruk" playing Alfie (1967) and "The Charge of the Light Brigade" (1968). In 1972, he appeared in "Young Winston" and the cult horror film "Death Line" with Donald Pleasence.
Rossington is the only performer to work in both a Beatles film, in "A Hard Day's Night", and an Elvis Presley film, "Double Trouble". He remembered Presley during filming as a 'quiet man who sat by himself in a corner and who would often borrow my newspaper.'
Television career.
From the 1970s onwards, Rossington mainly appeared on television, including roles in "His and Hers", "The Wednesday Play", "Casanova", "Carry On Christmas", "Crown Court", "I, Claudius", "Z-Cars, Budgie', "Big Jim and the Figaro Club" (1981, in the title role of "Big Jim"), "The Bill" and "Last of the Summer Wine". He also told the stories from "The Adventures of Portland Bill". His final appearances before his death were "Heartbeat" in 1996, "Sharpe's Regiment" as Sergeant Horatio Havercamp, also in 1996, and "What's a Carry On?" in 1998.
Theatre.
His stage career included time spent with the Royal Shakespeare Company and at the Metropolitan Opera in New York. Rossington also made many appearances in the West End, with roles in "Peter Pan", "My Fair Lady" (as Alfred Doolittle), "Annie Get Your Gun" (as Charlie Davenport), Tony Weller in "Pickwick: The Musical", "Guys and Dolls" (as Nathan Detroit), and in "Beauty and the Beast" (as Maurice). 
Radio.
Rossington did some radio, returning to the part of Big Jim in the BBC Radio 4 version of "Big Jim and the Figaro Club". He made six half-hour episodes in 1987.
Personal life and death.
Rossington gave his hobbies as woodwork, skiing, golf and languages. Early in his life, Rossington was married to an actress for three years and then divorced. His second marriage, on 19 January 1999 to Cindy Barnes, lasted until his death from cancer aged 70 a few months later.

</doc>
<doc id="6927637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927637" title="Duane Glinton">
Duane Glinton



</doc>
<doc id="6927639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927639" title="Chirk Rural District">
Chirk Rural District

Chirk was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire from 1894 to 1935. 
The rural district was formed from parts of Oswestry and Corwen Rural Sanitary Districts.
The district contained three civil parishes:
Chirk Rural District was abolished by a County Review Order in 1935, becoming part of the new Ceiriog Rural District.
Sources.
Denbighshire Administrative County (Vision of Britain)

</doc>
<doc id="6927642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927642" title="Njegoš mausoleum">
Njegoš mausoleum



</doc>
<doc id="6927644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927644" title="Julien Martinelli">
Julien Martinelli

Julien Martinelli (born 12 December 1980) is a French former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Martinelli made 3 appearances in Ligue 2 with Chamois Niortais.

</doc>
<doc id="6927648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927648" title="2006 Tour of Spain">
2006 Tour of Spain



</doc>
<doc id="6927649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927649" title="Blood wedding">
Blood wedding



</doc>
<doc id="6927652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927652" title="Harpalus rubripes">
Harpalus rubripes

Harpalus rubripes is a ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae that is present in much of Europe, Siberia, Central Asia and Anatolia. It has also, since 1987, been introduced into North America. 

</doc>
<doc id="6927654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927654" title="Koorkanchery">
Koorkanchery



</doc>
<doc id="6927655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927655" title="Alf, Bill and Fred">
Alf, Bill and Fred

Alf, Bill and Fred is a 1964 short animated film directed by Bob Godfrey and written by Stan Hayward.
Summary.
The plot and the moral are both very simple. The three titular multi-species characters are friends who like to bounce a lot. Bill - the man - suddenly inherits a lot of money and starts spending it with reckless abandon (on, amongst other things, a tin of peaches). He abandons his old friends and becomes increasingly hedonistic. Meanwhile, the dog and the duck continue bouncing. Eventually, Bill accidentally bounces out of a window in a very tall building. He loses his memory and goes back to his old friends. They set up a business together selling happiness to people.
The moral of the story is stated to be: "It is easier to sell happiness than to buy it because most people are sillier than you are!".

</doc>
<doc id="6927656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927656" title="Angers sco">
Angers sco



</doc>
<doc id="6927660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927660" title="Wisdom of the Gnomes">
Wisdom of the Gnomes



</doc>
<doc id="6927661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927661" title="Cancelled Comics Cavalcade">
Cancelled Comics Cavalcade



</doc>
<doc id="6927664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927664" title="Nemiskert">
Nemiskert



</doc>
<doc id="6927666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927666" title="University Of Otago">
University Of Otago



</doc>
<doc id="6927670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927670" title="Jean-François Jamot">
Jean-François Jamot

Jean-François Jamot (June 23, 1828 – May 4, 1886) was a French-born Canadian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was the first Bishop of Peterborough, serving from 1882 until his death in 1886.
Biography.
Jamot was born on June 23, 1828, in Châtelard, Creuse, to Gilbert and Jeanne (née Cornabat) Jamot. He graduated from the academy of Bourges in 1849 and then studied at the diocesan seminary in Limoges. He was ordained a priest on October 9, 1853.
The following year, while teaching classics at the College D'Ajain, he met Bishop Armand-François-Marie de Charbonnel of the Diocese of Toronto and volunteered to work as a missionary in Canada. He then studied at All Hallows College in Dublin for a few months to learn English before arriving in Toronto in May 1855. He was sent to Barrie, where he remained as pastor for eight years. While there, he was also appointed chancellor and vicar-general of the Diocese of Toronto in 1860. Three years later, he was made rector of St. Michael's Cathedral. He accompanied Bishop John Joseph Lynch to the First Vatican Council (1869-1870).
On February 3, 1874, Jamot was appointed the first Vicar Apostolic of Northern Canada and titular bishop of "Sarepta" by Pope Pius IX. He received his episcopal consecration on the following February 24 while in Issoudun from Archbishop Lynch of Toronto, with Bishop de Charbonnel and Bishop Thomas de Ladoue of Nevers serving as co-consecrators.
The vicariate then included the districts of Muskoka, Parry Sound, Nipissing, Algoma, and Thunder Bay. Jamot originally established his residence at Sault Ste. Marie but later moved it to Bracebridge. On July 11, 1882, Pope Leo XIII elevated the vicariate to the Diocese of Peterborough, adding four counties from the Diocese of Kingston, and named Jamot as its first bishop.
Jamot died in Peterborough on May 4, 1886, at age 57.

</doc>
<doc id="6927678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927678" title="University Of Auckland">
University Of Auckland



</doc>
<doc id="6927691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927691" title="Tuihanti">
Tuihanti



</doc>
<doc id="6927693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927693" title="Zemianske Sady">
Zemianske Sady

Zemianske Sady (old form: "Nemeškert"; ) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.
History.
In historical records the village was first mentioned in 1156. Before the establishment of independent Czechoslovakia in 1918, it was part of Nyitra County within the Kingdom of Hungary.
Geography.
The municipality lies at an altitude of 150 metres and covers an area of 8.053 km². It has a population of about 880 people.

</doc>
<doc id="6927704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927704" title="Norfolk-Virginia Beach Toll Road">
Norfolk-Virginia Beach Toll Road



</doc>
<doc id="6927705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927705" title="Norfolk/Virginia Beach Toll Road">
Norfolk/Virginia Beach Toll Road



</doc>
<doc id="6927706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927706" title="Harpalus tardus">
Harpalus tardus

Harpalus tardus is a black-coloured ground beetle in the Harpalinae subfamily that is common in Europe, Siberia, Central Asia and Northern Asia.
Description and distribution.
It can be found in Leicestershire and Rutland and is long. It likes sandy ground and gravel over which it flies from spring to summer.

</doc>
<doc id="6927711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927711" title="Mun Bhuridatta">
Mun Bhuridatta



</doc>
<doc id="6927716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927716" title="MKT Mod 72 mine">
MKT Mod 72 mine

The MKT Mod 72 is an Albanian circular, metal-cased anti-tank blast mine, a copy of the Russian TM-46. Two versions of the mine are produced, the PX designated version of the mine is fitted with a secondary fuze well in the base of the mine that accepts an MUV type anti-lifting device. The mine uses a mechanical pressure fuze similar to the Russian MV-5.
The mine is found in small numbers in Kosovo.

</doc>
<doc id="6927718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927718" title="Billy Gilman (album)">
Billy Gilman (album)

Billy Gilman is the eponymous fifth studio album by the country music singer Billy Gilman, released in 2006 through Image Entertainment. "Gonna Find Love" and "Southern Star" were released as singles, although neither charted. The album reached number 55 on the Top Country Albums chart. It was Gilman's final release in the country genre.

</doc>
<doc id="6927719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927719" title="Tianjin Taida">
Tianjin Taida



</doc>
<doc id="6927723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927723" title="Zemlya Georga">
Zemlya Georga

Zemlya Georga, or Prince George Land (; "Zemlya Georga", "George Land"), is the largest island in Franz Josef Land, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russian Arctic.
Zemlya Georga was named by Frederick George Jackson after Prince George.
Geography.
With a total surface of , slightly larger than Luxembourg, Zemlya Georga is the largest island of the Franz Josef Archipelago. It is also the longest, with a distance of between its northernmost and its southernmost ends. The highest point of the island is the summit of Brusilov Ice Dome, the northeastern ice dome, at .
The island has a complex coastline, with many bays, deep inlets and capes. Zemlya Georga has three capes pointing southwestwards on its southern coast: "Cape Neale" (the westernmost end of the island), "Cape Crowther" and "Cape Grant". Its easternmost cape is known as "Mys Murray". The two capes pointing north, "Mys Bryusa" and "Mys Battenberg", are separated from each other by "Sommerville Bay". The westernmost cape of this peninsula is "Mys Mul'tanovskogo", beyond which lies the sound known as "Proliv Arkhangelskiy" between Zemlya Georga and Alexandra Land. The sound known as "Cambridge Channel" (Proliv Kambritch) is located further to the southwest. There are no permanent inhabitants on the island however there is a seasonal research station which can shelter up to 10 persons.
The "Nightingale Channel" (Proliv Neytingeyl) runs east of Zemlya Georga, separating it from Bruce Island.
Glaciers.
Most of the land lies under large glaciers and ice domes, such as the Brusilov Ice Dome, Gretton Ice Dome, Dzegudze Ice Dome (Купол Дзегудзе), Zander Ice Dome, Foggy Ice Dome (Купол туманный), Arctic Geology Research Institute Ice Dome (Купол Научно-исследовательский институт геологии Арктики) and the Peary Ice Dome, although there is a large, mostly unglacierized peninsula at its northern end, "Poluostrov Armitidzh".
History.
British explorer Benjamin Leigh Smith, discovered Zemlya Georga in 1880.
The Jackson–Harmsworth expedition established in 1897 that the land discovered by Leigh Smith is composed of two separate islands, the other being today's Alexandra Land.

</doc>
<doc id="6927724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927724" title="Georga Island">
Georga Island



</doc>
<doc id="6927728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927728" title="The Secret Book of Gnomes">
The Secret Book of Gnomes

The Secret Book of Gnomes is a series of books about gnomes written for children. They contain fictional stories and guides about how gnomes live in harmony with their environment, such as what a gnome has in his first aid kit and how a gnome's house is built. The books were written by the Dutch author Wil Huygen and illustrator Rien Poortvliet, though they have claimed that parts were written by a gnome called David. Those authors also created another series about gnomes entitled "The Gnomes". That was later used as a basis for the television shows "David the Gnome" and "Wisdom of the Gnomes" by BRB Internacional.

</doc>
<doc id="6927738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927738" title="Fighting pit">
Fighting pit



</doc>
<doc id="6927739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927739" title="St Asaph (Denbigh) Rural District">
St Asaph (Denbigh) Rural District

St Asaph (Denbigh) was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire from 1894 to 1935. 
The rural district was formed from the parts of St Asaph Rural Sanitary Districts in Denbighshire. The remainder of the RSD, in Flintshire, became St Asaph (Flint) Rural District.
The district contained ten civil parishes:
St Asaph (Denbigh) Rural District was abolished by a County Review Order in 1935, most becoming part of the new Aled Rural District, and parts going to an enlarged Abergele Urban District.
Sources.
Denbighshire Administrative County (Vision of Britain)

</doc>
<doc id="6927746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927746" title="Ostrov Zemlya Georga">
Ostrov Zemlya Georga



</doc>
<doc id="6927749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927749" title="Kiaw">
Kiaw



</doc>
<doc id="6927751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927751" title="Kevin Woodford">
Kevin Woodford

Kevin Woodford (born 4 June 1950) is a British celebrity chef and television personality.
Career.
He originally trained as a chef and then moved into education as a lecturer in professional cookery. After gaining a higher degree in the Management of Organisations he returned to education as Head of Hotel and Catering Studies at a Granville College in Sheffield.
He was a Senior Examiner for City and Guilds Professional Cookery Examinations, judge at several International Cookery Competitions and worked as a hotel and restaurant consultant for various national and some International organisations.
Kevin is currently working with Stena Line to develop menus for their 7 Irish Sea passenger ferries. Kevin is also helping train their galley chefs and on board service managers as part of a package developing sales and improving the customer experience.
Television presenting and acting career.
Woodford's TV career mainly consists of him cooking in a studio, or travelling around the world, sometimes cooking on those travel shows too.
His first TV appearance was on "This Morning" in 1989 for ITV, which was followed by him presenting "The Reluctant Cook" (1989-1991) for BBC2, and "Surprise Chefs" (1994-1996) for ITV. He made many more appearances on "This Morning" over the next 30+ years.
In 1990 he made his first guest appearance on Blankety Blank by the BBC.
In 1993 he appeared in a video with Colin Edwyn advertising the Panasonic System 4 microwave combination oven, titled "Panasonic System 4 Make the Most of It". They prepared recipes which could be made in the microwave. It was produced by Rapport Television.
In October and November 1993 he starred in the first two episodes of Food and Drink series 13, cooking a surprise meal for a family in each episode.
He then became a regular chef on the BBC cookery show, "Ready Steady Cook" from 28 October 1994 onwards, as well as presenting "Can't Cook, Won't Cook" for which he won a National Television Award for Best Daytime Presenter.
In August 1995 he started working as a co-presenter and reporter on Holiday (1995-2000), including the January 1999 special episode Holiday Down Under, and its various spin-offs. They include: 
In October 2000 he appeared on Open House with Gloria Hunniford for Channel 5.
In June 2002 he appeared on the first episode of "So You Think You're a Good Driver?" by BBC One.
Between January and November 2004, he appeared on 3 episodes of the cooking series "Reality Bites" by ITV.
Starting in October 2004, he presented and co-produced a 104 part series titled "Planet Cook", in which he played "Captain Cook." Roughly half of the episodes were broadcast by CBBC and BBC One between 2004 and 2005, with the rest broadcast on Channel 4 between 2008 and 2010. It was later shown in Australia.
In 2006 he starred in "Celebrity Tudor Wedding", and The All Star Talent Show, both of which were by Channel 5.
He has also presented "Songs of Praise" and the live topical debate magazine show "The Heaven and Earth Show".
He has also acting roles in "Doctors" (Robert Hale). For BBC's 'Fasten your Seatbelt' series he demonstrated his ability as a New York taxi driver, entertainer on board 'Oriana', deck hand on a tall ship, and concierge at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Hong Kong.
He presented "Big Kevin, Little Kevin" for the BBC, has written and published 7 cookery books and is the only chef in Europe to have had his own recipes used on a set of Isle of Man postage stamps and was the recipient of 'This is Your Life' for BBC1. He has also appeared on Lily Savage's Blankety Blank.
Woodford began reporting on consumer show Watchdog in 2015.
Since March 2022, he has been appearing on GB News' "Saturday Morning Show" with Esther McVey and Philip Davies, and GB News' "Breakfast with Stephen and Anne" with Anne Diamond and Stephen Dixon on Sundays, where he talks about what's in the newspapers on both shows.
In addition he also appeared occasionally on Steve Wright in the Afternoon on BBC Radio 2.
Business ventures.
Woodford owned a restaurant in Douglas, Isle of Man for several years.
During 2009 he developed a small boutique hotel called "Birchfield House" in Douglas.
Woodford is also an after dinner speaker

</doc>
<doc id="6927758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927758" title="Charles Burpee">
Charles Burpee

Charles Burpee (June 18, 1817 – November 29, 1909) was a New Brunswick farmer and political figure. He represented Sunbury in the House of Commons of Canada from 1867 to 1887 as a Liberal member. He was a member of the Senate of Canada representing New Brunswick in 1900.
He was born in Sheffield, Sunbury County, New Brunswick in 1817 and grew up there. His family had settled there around 1763 after leaving Massachusetts. Burpee served on the provincial board of agriculture from 1864 to 1865. He married Charlotte Perley Hayward. Burpee was named to the Senate on February 1, 1900, and resigned on July 19 in the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="6927760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927760" title="Haplogroup F">
Haplogroup F

Haplogroup F may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6927761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927761" title="Devario sp &quot;Broken Line&quot;">
Devario sp &quot;Broken Line&quot;



</doc>
<doc id="6927763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927763" title="Rifle pit">
Rifle pit



</doc>
<doc id="6927768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927768" title="Crescendo Danio">
Crescendo Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6927769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927769" title="Jean-Daniel Padovani">
Jean-Daniel Padovani

Jean-Daniel Padovani (born 17 January 1980) is a French former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
At the end of the 2007–08 season, he received the " Etoile d'Or du meilleur gardien de Ligue 2" (Gold star for the best Ligue 2 goalkeeper) from the magazine France Football.
Padovani was part of the Comoros national football team coaching team during the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. Padovani is part of the Mali national football team coaching team during the 2024 Africa Cup of Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="6927772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927772" title="Yoma 2 Danio">
Yoma 2 Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6927780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927780" title="Joseph Shapotshnick">
Joseph Shapotshnick

Rabbi Joseph Shapotshnick (; 1882–1937) was a Jewish social activist in early-20th century London.
Biography.
Shapotshnick was born in Kishinev. Shapotshnick's father, Yehuda Leib Shapotshnick, was a Hasidic leader in Kishinev, known as the Belsitzer Rebbe. After his death in 1896, the young Shapotshnick and his mother moved to Odessa, where he studied at the local university and under Dayan Abraham Joel Abelson. Shapotshnick moved to the East End of London in 1913; from then until his death, he was embroiled in numerous controversies, both within and beyond the Anglo-Jewish community. A prolific author of numerous self-published books, pamphlets, newspapers and journals, Shapotshnick published in 1908 an 80-page treatise on the kabbalistic meanings of the name of God, entitled "Kedushas H-Shem". His most famous publication, "Shass ha-gadol she-bi-gedolim," was published in 1919. It consisted of one volume of the Talmud—tractate Berakhot—and was the largest rabbinic book ever published.
Shapotshnick was regarded as a miracle worker, reportedly curing a number of sick people, Jews and non-Jews. In 1928, he attracted headlines by sending an herbal remedy to King George V. He gave two-thirds of his income to charity.
The "Agunot" scandal.
From the mid-1920s, Shapotshnick offered to help "agunot" — women whose inability to gain a Jewish divorce meant that they could not remarry — to find ways of resolving their problems. It is not clear whether any of the women he helped ever remarried, but there were serious concerns that his dispensations for them to do so were faulty, potentially meaning that their offspring from a second marriage would be considered "mamzerim" (bastards) under Jewish ritual law. In 1927, the head of the London "bet din", Rabbi Shmuel Yitzchak Hillman sought help from the Chofetz Chaim and other prominent rabbis to stop Shapotshnick from issuing spurious dispensations. In the ensuing controversy, it was discovered that Shapotshnick had falsely added the names of various colleagues to dispensations, effectively forging their support without consent. Those rabbis disassociated themselves from him publicly by writing to the Yiddish press in London and urging the publication of their letters of condemnation. In late 1928, the rabbinical association of Poland published a booklet containing 600 signatures of rabbis condemning Shapotshnick and his activities. He was declared bankrupt in November 1932.
Other activities.
Shapotshnick was a persistent critic of the Anglo-Jewish establishment's mistreatment of the poor immigrants who lived mainly in the East End. He criticised the lack of interest in the welfare and education of immigrant Jews, and at various times set up his own educational establishments, and more controversially, his own kosher supervision authority. In the spring of 1937, it was discovered that 8 of the 11 butcher shops under his supervision were selling 'kosher' meat bought from non-Jewish wholesalers. One of the butchers was taken to court for the crime of misrepresentation and was eventually convicted and fined. Shapotshnick died quite suddenly during the trial and was never questioned in court about his role, although it was widely suspected that he was out of his depth rather than maliciously negligent.
He was sufficiently respected in official circles to be invited to an official reception at Lancaster House in honour of the International Congress of Faiths.
Shapotshnick's funeral.
Shapotshnick died suddenly on Thursday, 21 October 1937 in London, England. At first no one would agree to bury him because of his controversial reputation. Eventually, the newly established Adath Yisrael community agreed to inter him at their Enfield cemetery, after the imposition of various conditions on his only son, Levi.
Shapotshnick's funeral took place on Monday, 25 October 1937. Despite the pouring rain, 5,000 people attended his funeral. The crowd was almost exclusively drawn from the common folk of the East End Jewish community, who were mostly unaffected by his controversial episodes, but who saw him as a fighter for their cause and a charismatic religious leader.

</doc>
<doc id="6927791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927791" title="Magdalena Danio">
Magdalena Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6927798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927798" title="Rudolf Island">
Rudolf Island

Prince Rudolf Land, Crown Prince Rudolf Land, Prince Rudolf Island or Rudolf Island () is the northernmost island of the Franz Josef Archipelago, Russia and is home to the northernmost point in Russia.
Owing to the island's location, its sheltered Teplitz Bay has served as a staging area for numerous polar expeditions.
History.
The island was named by the Austro-Hungarian North Pole Expedition in honor of Archduke Rudolf (1858–1889), Crown Prince of Austria, Hungary and Bohemia. It belongs to the Arkhangelsk Oblast administrative region of the Russian Federation.
During the second International Polar Year, a weather station established on the island was the northernmost scientific outpost in the world.
Sheltered Teplitz Bay has been used as a stopping point for northbound ships. During 1899–1900, an expedition led by Prince Luigi Amedeo, Duke of the Abruzzi stopped in the area. The Ziegler Polar Expedition of 1903–1905, led by Anthony Fiala left a large hut here.
Owing to the steep terrain in Rudolf Island, the only airfield access is a small snow strip up a glacier. It was constructed in 1936 as a staging area for the world's first drift ice station, North Pole-1.
Geography.
Rudolf Island is almost completely glaciated. It is located very close to the limit of permanent Polar ice. Its highest point is . The Middendorff Glacier "(Lednik Middendorfa)" covers the southeastern part of the island.
Cape Fligely, located on Rudolf Island's northern shore, is the northernmost point of Europe and Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="6927799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927799" title="Moat Community College">
Moat Community College

Moat Community College is a coeducational secondary school in Highfields, near the city centre of Leicester, England.
History.
The school was opened in 1980 as an amalgamation of two local schools, Moat Boys School in Melbourne Road, Highfields, Leicester, and Moat Girls School in Ventnor Street, Spinney Hill, Leicester. The current college building is built on the site of the old Hillcrest Hospital, in Maidstone Road, Highfields.
In the college's first year, due to building work not being completed, the college was divided over three sites, thus:
There was also a site (based in an old school) at Braunston in Rutland where activities could be run on field trips. Additionally, the school used playing fields near Brighton Avenue in Wigston, Leicestershire, for PE. Lines of buses at the three sites were common to transfer students to Wigston.
This also meant teachers were split between the three sites, traveling to and fro to teach at different locations in the same day.
It was not until August 1983 that the full college was operational and all pupils went to the Maidstone Road site.
The Boys School site went to Leicestershire County Council and community and youth projects were run from it. The Girls School site became Spinney Hill Primary School after the amalgamation of a small number of primary schools in the Spinney Hills area of Highfields (the lower ground floor was always occupied by Moat Infants School).
The original college badge was adopted from the one worn in both the boys and girls schools. (Red Castle) 
In 1982 a new badge was designed showing two castles and two interlinking C's to signify Moat Community College and the two schools the college was formed from. The motto then disappeared. A further development in its design was two C's one inside the other with a circle inside the smaller C, which contained the castle image.
The college was designated as a Science Specialist College in 2006.
Ofsted judgements.
As of 2021, the college's most recent Ofsted inspection was a short inspection in 2018, which found that the school remained Good.

</doc>
<doc id="6927800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927800" title="UAAP Season 70">
UAAP Season 70

UAAP Season 70 was the 2007-08 season of the University Athletic Association of the Philippines, which was hosted by the University of Santo Tomas. The theme of season 70 was "Winners All, Recreating the Value of Honesty through Sports" It opened on July 7, 2007 at the Araneta Coliseum. De La Salle University returned to active participation after being suspended in Season 69.
Basketball.
The UAAP Season 70 basketball tournament began on July 7, 2007 at the Araneta Coliseum in Cubao, Quezon City. The tournament host was University of Santo Tomas and tournament commissioner was Edgardo "Ed" Cordero.
Men's basketball games were held at the Ninoy Aquino Stadium, the Cuneta Astrodome and the Araneta Coliseum. The women's and juniors' games were held at the school gyms of Adamson University, Ateneo de Manila University and Far Eastern University.
Football.
The UAAP Football tournament officially opened on January 12, 2008 at the Ateneo Erenchun Football Field of the Ateneo de Manila University in Katipunan Avenue, Loyola Heights Quezon City. Tournament host was Ateneo de Manila.
This year marked the introduction of high school football in the UAAP as a demonstration sport. The initial participating schools were Ateneo de Manila University, De La Salle-Santiago Zobel School, University of Santo Tomas High School and FEU - Diliman.
Three championship titles are disputed in UAAP football, one for each division, namely the men's, women's and juniors. The tournament is a double round robin elimination. A Team that sweeps both rounds automatically wins the championship. Otherwise, the number one and two ranked teams meet in the Finals round with the former having a twice-to-beat advantage over the number two team. Games in the Finals go into extra time if the score is a draw at the end of Regulation Time. The extra time consists of two 15-minute periods. If there is still no winner after the extra time, then the game will go to a penalty shootout (free kick) to decide the winner.
Seniors division.
Men's tournament.
Elimination round
Women's tournament.
Elimination round
Juniors division.
Boys' tournament.
Elimination round
Volleyball.
The UAAP volleyball tournament opened on December 1, 2007 at the Blue Eagle Gym hosted by University of the Philippines. The Ateneo de Manila University Men's Volleyball Team took on University of the East Men's Volleyball as the opening game for the Season.
Men's volleyball games were mostly held at the Blue Eagle Gym and some at the Rizal Memorial Coliseum. Women's volleyball action meanwhile had its opening games at the Blue Eagle Gym and transferred to Ninoy Aquino Stadium in the succeeding games. The boys' and Girls' volleyball games were mostly held at the University of the East Gymnasium with some games held at the University of the Philippines College of Human Kinetics Gym.
Women's tournament.
All the won games of De La Salle from January 15, 2008 up to the time it was discovered that one of its players, Jacqueline Alarca, continued playing despite her being on leave of absence were forfeited. The UAAP rule requires a player to be enrolled while playing.
Elimination round.
The three-way tie for #1 was broken as follows:
Boys' tournament.
Elimination round.
UE's 8–0 sweep: awards them the title outright.
Girls' tournament.
Elimination round.
UST's 6–0 sweep: awards them the title outright.
Beach Volleyball.
The UAAP Beach Volleyball tournament started on September 8, 2007 at the University of the East Caloocan sand courts in Caloocan, Metro Manila.
Men's tournament.
Team standings
Women's tournament.
Team standings
Softball.
The UAAP Softball tournament opened July 12, 2007. Games were played at the UST Open Field.
University of the Philippines Lady Maroons clinched the title automatically after sweeping the elimination round.
Chess.
Three championship titles were disputed in the UAAP Chess tournament.
Seniors division.
Men's tournament.
Team standings
Women's tournament.
Team standings
Juniors division.
Boys' tournament.
Team standings
Taekwondo.
The UAAP Taekwondo tournament started on September 15, 2007 at the University of Santo Tomas Gym in España Boulevard, Sampaloc, Manila.
Seniors division.
Men's tournament.
Team standings
Women's tournament.
Team standings
Juniors division.
Boys' tournament.
Team standings
Table Tennis.
The UAAP Table Tennis tournament started on September 18, 2007 at the Ateneo de Manila University Blue Eagle Gym in Katipunan Avenue, Loyola Heights, Quezon City.
Seniors division.
Men's tournament.
Team standings
Women's tournament.
Team standings
Juniors division.
Boys' tournament.
Team standings
Swimming.
The UAAP Season 70 Swimming Championships was held on September 20–23, 2007 at the Trace Aquatics Centre in Los Baños, Laguna.
Team ranking is determined by a point system, similar to that of the overall championship. The points given are based on the swimmer's/team's finish in the finals of an event, which include only the top eight finishers from the preliminaries. The gold medalist(s) receive 15 points, silver gets 12, bronze has 10. The following points: 8, 6, 4, 2 and 1 are given to the rest of the participating swimmers/teams according to their order of finish.
Judo.
The UAAP Judo tournament started on October 6, 2007 and ended on October 7, 2007 at the Blue Eagle Gym of the Ateneo de Manila University in Katipunan Avenue, Loyola Heights, Quezon City.
Cheerdance.
The 2007 Cheerdance Competition was held on September 16, 2007 at the Araneta Coliseum, Araneta Center, Cubao, Quezon City. Cheer dance competition is an exhibition event. Points for the general championship are not awarded to the participants.
The UP Pep Squad clinched their fourth UAAP cheerdance title after 5 years. UST settled for second place, and the third place went to FEU.
General championship summary.
The general champion is determined by a point system. The system gives 15 points to the champion team of a UAAP event, 12 to the runner-up, and 10 to the third placer. The following points: 8, 6, 4, 2 and 1 are given to the rest of the participating teams according to their order of finish.
Individual awards.
Athletes of the Year:

</doc>
<doc id="6927801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927801" title="Carnaval (Ballet)">
Carnaval (Ballet)



</doc>
<doc id="6927802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927802" title="Rudolf Land">
Rudolf Land



</doc>
<doc id="6927805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927805" title="Ostrov Rudolfa">
Ostrov Rudolfa



</doc>
<doc id="6927808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927808" title="Cool, California">
Cool, California

Cool, formerly known as Cave Valley, is a small town in El Dorado County, California, about from Sacramento, the state capital. Cool is at an elevation of 1,532 feet (467 m).
It has a population of 4,100 according to the 2010 census and is contained within the area code 530 with a ZIP code of 95614.
Geography.
It is built on State Route 49 between Auburn and Placerville on a hill at an elevation more than 1,500 feet (450 m) in an area full of trees, trails, camping, and other recreational activities.
The temperature ranges from 75° to 105 °F (23 °C to 41 °C) in the summer and 25° to 50 °F (-4 °C to 10 °C) in the winter.
Climate.
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Cool has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
History.
The first post office was established in 1885. Penobscot Public House, established in 1850, was a way station and stage coach stop during the days of the Gold Rush. The Penobscot Ranch still exists today. Cool, California, is a small unincorporated community located in El Dorado County in the Sierra Nevada foothills. Its history dates back to the California Gold Rush of the mid-1800s, when it was part of a thriving region of mining towns. The town was originally known as "Cave Valley" due to nearby limestone caves but was renamed "Cool" in the 1880s, reportedly after a Methodist preacher named Aaron Cool. While mining declined over time, Cool remained a quiet rural community. Today, it is known for its scenic location near the American River Canyon and serves as a gateway to outdoor activities, including hiking and horseback riding on the Western States Trail. The community retains a rustic charm and a strong connection to its Gold Rush heritage. 
Ultramarathon.
The Way Too Cool 50 Kilometer run starts and ends in the town in early March. It follows sections of the Western States Trail with more than 4000 ft (1200+ m) elevation change along its 31-mile length.
Politics.
In the state legislature, Cool is in , and .
Federally, Cool is in .
Education.
The Black Oak Mine Unified School District serves Cool. Cool currently has just one school – Northside STEAM School – catering to elementary students (TK–6). Residents are zoned to Golden Sierra Junior Senior High School for grades 7–12.
Until 2007 there was also another K–8 school in Cool, the Cool Christian School.
References.
Pacific Historian 10 (Summer 1966 pages 19–42): Goodness, Gold, and Gold, The California Mining Career of Peter Y. Cool 1851-52.

</doc>
<doc id="6927809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927809" title="False Giant Danio">
False Giant Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6927814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927814" title="Llansillin Rural District">
Llansillin Rural District

Llansillin (anglicisation of the original Welsh "Llansilin") was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire from 1894 to 1935. 
The rural district was formed from parts of Corwen, Llanfyllin and Oswestry Rural Sanitary Districts in Denbighshire. 
The district contained six civil parishes:
Llansillin Rural District was abolished by a County Review Order in 1935, becoming part of the new Ceiriog Rural District.
Sources.
Denbighshire Administrative County (Vision of Britain)

</doc>
<doc id="6927835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927835" title="Reza Sadeghi">
Reza Sadeghi

Reza Sadeghi (, born 16 August 1979) is an Iranian pop singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist, and one of the most popular domestic singers in Iran. He is praised for his vocals and songwriting, which are mainly about the subject of love. He has performed live concerts in different cities around Iran and other countries, including Germany and the United States.
Personal life.
Born in 1979, Reza Sadeghi was raised in Bandar Abbas, Hormozgan, and then moved to Tehran at 5. He was a close friend of former domestic footballer Ali Ansarian, who he befriended in primary school.
Reza Sadeghi's first spouse died in a car crash in which he was left paralyzed and was required to use an assistive cane for the rest of his life, including during concerts, where he usually rests beside a cane. Since the crash, Sadeghi has decided to appear in public in fully black clothing. Due to this, he is known as "Siah Poosh" (lit. "who wears black", "or man in black"). Many of his compositions are based around black, including his best-known song "Meshki Rang-e Eshghe" (Black is the Color of Love).
During Sadeghi's Germany tour, he met and proposed to an Iranian resident of Germany. Together, they have two girls named Tiara and Viana, aged 7 and 4, respectively.
Music and film career.
Reza Sadeghi initially picked up guitar lessons and recorded his first compositions, which circulated in his hometown years later. Facing financial difficulties in Tehran, Sadeghi turned to music as a professional career. Initially appearing on live radio, Sadeghi released his first songs to a small reception, including the single "Raz-e Eshgh" (Secret of Love), and his first album of the same title. Sadeghi joined the band "Kimia" (کیمیا), releasing four more albums, until he left the group after the release of "Gol-e Laleh". He gradually built up a base and organized concerts in Tehran, including one in front of 15,000 at Sa'dabad Complex. He then moved to Mehrshahr, a small town near Karaj.
Sadeghi's first foreign tour was in Germany in 2011. He also toured in major cities of the United States in his "2016 US Tour".
In 2008, Mostafa Mansourian released a biographical film named "Ramze Shab" (Secret of the Night), based around Reza Sadeghi's personal life. Reza Sadeghi also appeared alongside Mohammad Reza Foroutan, Afshin Hashemi, Pegah Ahangarani, in the film "Bi khodahafezi[fa]" (Without a Goodbye) which is partially based on his life.

</doc>
<doc id="6927837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927837" title="Harry Howard (landscape architect)">
Harry Howard (landscape architect)

Harry Howard (1930–2000) was an Australian landscape architect, and one of the first members of the Australian Institute of Landscape Architects (AILA).
Howard had no formal training in landscape architecture, graduating from the University of Sydney with a degree in architecture. A devotee of the modernist style of architecture, Howard counted Ludwig Mies van der Rohe and Le Corbusier among his influences, and later became friends with Sydney architect of the modernist style, Harry Seidler.

</doc>
<doc id="6927839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927839" title="پیر محل">
پیر محل



</doc>
<doc id="6927841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927841" title="Virginia State Route 700 (Washington County)">
Virginia State Route 700 (Washington County)



</doc>
<doc id="6927843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927843" title="Cape Fligely">
Cape Fligely

Cape Fligely (; "Mys Fligeli") is located on the northern shores of Rudolf Island and Franz Josef Land in the Russian Federation, and is the northernmost point of Russia, Europe, and Eurasia as a whole. It is south from the North Pole.
History.
This cape was first visited on 12 April 1874 by the Austro-Hungarian North Pole expedition and named after Austrian cartographer Field Marshal August von Fligely (1811–1879).

</doc>
<doc id="6927845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927845" title="State Route 75 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 75 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927846" title="State Route 77 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 77 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6927847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927847" title="Fligeli">
Fligeli



</doc>
<doc id="6927848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927848" title="Annandale's Giant Danio">
Annandale's Giant Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6927849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927849" title="Mys Fligeli">
Mys Fligeli



</doc>
<doc id="6927852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927852" title="Gold Striped Danio">
Gold Striped Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6927853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927853" title="State Route 75 (Virginia 1933-1940)">
State Route 75 (Virginia 1933-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6927854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927854" title="State Route 77 (Virginia 1940-1942)">
State Route 77 (Virginia 1940-1942)



</doc>
<doc id="6927860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927860" title="State Route 61 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 61 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6927862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927862" title="State Route 61 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 61 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6927863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927863" title="State Route 85 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 85 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6927866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927866" title="Wars between England and France">
Wars between England and France



</doc>
<doc id="6927868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927868" title="Harry Howard, landscape architect">
Harry Howard, landscape architect



</doc>
<doc id="6927871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927871" title="Emanuele Belardi">
Emanuele Belardi

Emanuele Belardi (born 9 October 1977) is a retired Italian footballer who was a goalkeeper.
Club career.
Reggina.
Belardi started his career as a youth member at Reggina Calcio, before he was promoted to the club's first team in 1995. After two seasons with both first team and reserve, Belardi was loaned out to Turris for the 1997–98 Serie C1 season. With Turris, the keeper managed to make 18 appearances, before returning to Calabria in the summer of 1998, following the expiration of his loan deal. He would remain at Reggina, for the next 6 seasons, totalling 103 league appearances for the club, before being loaned out to another Serie C1 club Napoli Soccer, in 2004. He made 16 starts for the club that season. In January 2005 he moved to Modena F.C. of Serie B to play as a backup keeper. Following his return to Reggio Calabria on 1 July 2005, he was again loaned out. This time, Belardi moved to Serie B club, F.C. Catanzaro. He was the starting keeper for the club, and made 36 appearances during the season.
Juventus.
Belardi was jointed newly relegated Juventus FC in summer 2006 on free transfer (relegated due to 2006 Italian football scandal), to serve as a third choice goalkeeper behind Gianluigi Buffon, and Antonio Mirante. He signed a contract until 30 June 2009. Despite failing to make a single appearance during the entire 2006–07 Serie B season, Belardi became the second choice keeper to Italian International, Buffon, after Mirante was loaned out to U.C. Sampdoria. He made 5 league appearances, along with a select number of Coppa Italia matches for Juve during an injury spell to Buffon between December 2007 and January 2008.
However, during the 2008/2009 Summer Transfer Market, it was realized that Juventus were in search of a new back-up goalkeeper, as the club felt that Belardi was "shaky" in goal when given the opportunity, while both Jess Vanstrattan and Cristiano Novembre were deemed too inexperienced. Veteran keeper Antonio Chimenti was brought back to the Turin-based club, on loan from Udinese Calcio in July 2008. In return, Belardi was sent to Udinese, in exchange, also on a loan deal. On 5 August 2008, Juventus purchased Alexander Manninger, who will replace Belardi as Buffon's back-up, while Chimenti will become third choice, replacing Vanstrattan, who was sent back to Hellas Verona F.C. and eventually sold to Gold Coast United of the Australian League. Novembre also was released as a free agent. Therefore, 3 of 4 goalkeepers were replaced at Juventus following the 2007–08 Serie A season, only excluding Buffon.
Udinese.
In January 2009 the swap deal of Belardi to Udinese and Antonio Chimenti to Juventus became permanent. After his transfer to Udinese, Belardi had served as a back-up goalkeeper to Samir Handanovic, and had made select appearances for the northern club. Uniquely for a goalkeeper he wore the number 6 for his squad number. On 26 November 2011, his contract was terminated and he became a free agent.
Reggina, Cesena, Grosseto.
Again, in 2012, he returns to Reggio Calabria to play with Reggina that challenges in Serie B. In July 2012 he moved to newly relegated Serie B team A.C. Cesena in 1-year deal. On 28 December 2012 he terminated his contract with Cesena and on 31 January 2013 signed by U.S. Grosseto F.C.

</doc>
<doc id="6927873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927873" title="Pharmaceutical Society of New Zealand">
Pharmaceutical Society of New Zealand

The Pharmaceutical Society of New Zealand Incorporated is the professional body for New Zealand pharmacists.
The headquarters of the Pharmaceutical Society is Level 12, Grand Arcade, 18 Willis Street, Wellington, New Zealand.
Until the formation of the NZ Society in 1884, pharmacists in New Zealand were usually members of the British Pharmaceutical Society. As a result, the practice of pharmacy (or 'chemist and druggist' as it was usually known at the time) in New Zealand was similar to British practice, and this has continued to be the case.
From 1884 until 2004, membership of the Society was a legally specified requirement for practice as a pharmacist in New Zealand, signified by the post-nominal letters, 'MPS' (Member of Pharmaceutical Society). Membership was restricted to those who had passed the examinations, originally conducted by the Society and later by government operated Schools of Pharmacy, and then completed a period of practical training.
In 2004 pharmacy registration was transferred to a separate body with government-appointed members, the Pharmacy Council of New Zealand, and the Society (as it is often known) continued as a voluntary membership organisation representing pharmacists and seeking to advance pharmacy practice.

</doc>
<doc id="6927875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927875" title="Gordon Johnson (historian)">
Gordon Johnson (historian)

Gordon Johnson, FRAS (born 1943) is a British historian of colonial India.
Biography.
Born on 13 September 1943, Johnson was educated at Richmond School in North Yorkshire and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was a fellow at Trinity from 1966 to 1974, and at Selwyn College from 1974 to 1993. He was appointed as a lecturer in Oriental studies at the University of Cambridge in 1974, remaining in that position until 2005.
He was the President of Wolfson College, Cambridge, from 1993 to 2010, and is now an honorary fellow of the college. He was the Director of the Cambridge University Centre of South Asian Studies from 1983 to 2001, and had been a Deputy Vice-Chancellor of the university from 2002 to 2010.
Gordon served as the first Provost of the Gates Cambridge Scholarship Trust from 2000 to 2010.
He was chair of the Syndicate governing Cambridge University Press from 1981 to 2010. In 2009-2010 he was the Sandars Reader in Bibliography and lectured on "From printer to publisher: Cambridge University Press transformed, 1950 to 2010."
He was the President of the Royal Asiatic Society of Great Britain and Ireland, 2015 to 2018 and is currently serving as the Vice President.
He is the general editor of The New Cambridge History of India, published in 1979. This is a series of self-contained volumes covering various aspects and themes of India's past.
Select publications.
Dr. Johnson was an editor for the journal "Modern Asian Studies" from 1978 to 2008.
His publications include "Provincial Politics and Indian Nationalism", "A Cultural Atlas of India", and "University Politics: F M Cornford’s Cambridge and his advice to the young academic politician".

</doc>
<doc id="6927879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927879" title="Maha Boowa">
Maha Boowa



</doc>
<doc id="6927882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927882" title="Federigo Zuccaro">
Federigo Zuccaro



</doc>
<doc id="6927887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927887" title="Laos Giant Danio">
Laos Giant Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6927891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927891" title="Ajahn Maha Boowa">
Ajahn Maha Boowa



</doc>
<doc id="6927894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927894" title="Shan Danio">
Shan Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6927900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927900" title="Taddeo Zuccaro">
Taddeo Zuccaro



</doc>
<doc id="6927907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927907" title="Hunni">
Hunni



</doc>
<doc id="6927908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927908" title="Ceiriog Rural District">
Ceiriog Rural District

Ceiriog was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire from 1935 to 1974. 
The rural district was formed by a County Review Order in 1935 from the merger of Chirk and Llansillin Rural districts. The district was named after the Ceiriog Valley.
The district contained nine civil parishes:
The rural district was abolished in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972, with its area becoming part of the district of Glyndŵr, one of six districts of Clwyd. 

</doc>
<doc id="6927912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927912" title="Ostrov Zemlya Aleksandry">
Ostrov Zemlya Aleksandry



</doc>
<doc id="6927913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927913" title="Newport Arch">
Newport Arch

Newport Arch is a 3rd-century Roman gate in the Newport district of the city of Lincoln in Lincolnshire, England. It is a Scheduled monument and Grade I listed building and is reputedly the oldest arch in the United Kingdom still used by traffic.
History.
The arch was remodelled and enlarged when the city, then the Roman town Lindum Colonia, became capital of the province Flavia Caesariensis in the 4th century. Though unique in the United Kingdom, it is nevertheless one of many original Roman arches still open to traffic, other examples being two gates through the city walls of the Roman town of Diocletianopolis (now Hisarya, Bulgaria), as well as numerous examples in Anatolia.
As the north gate of the city, it carried the major Roman road Ermine Street northward almost in a straight line to the Humber.
From "Romano-British Buildings and Earthworks" by John Ward (1911): 
Accidents.
In May 1964 a goods lorry belonging to the Humber Warehousing Company struck the arch while attempting to pass under it.
Forty years later, in May 2004, another lorry struck the arch, causing minor damage.
13 years later, in May 2017, a RASE logistics lorry got stuck underneath the arch; after letting down the tyres, it was able to reverse out with no apparent damage to the structure. 

</doc>
<doc id="6927914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927914" title="Kōyadōfu">
Kōyadōfu



</doc>
<doc id="6927918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927918" title="Don't Say You Love Me (M2M song)">
Don't Say You Love Me (M2M song)

"Don't Say You Love Me" is the debut single of M2M, a Norwegian pop duo consisting of singers Marion Raven and Marit Larsen. The song first appeared on Radio Disney before its official US radio and single release in October 1999. It was released on the soundtrack to the film ' in November 1999 and appears in the film's closing credits. The song was featured on M2M's debut album, "Shades of Purple" (2000) as its opening track, and was later included on their compilation album ' (2003).
The song received positive reviews. Chuck Taylor from "Billboard" said it was "absolutely enchanting" and would appeal to both young and mature listeners. It reached number 2 in Norway, number 4 in both Australia and New Zealand, number 16 in the UK and number 21 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified gold in the US and Australia and remained M2M's biggest hit. M2M performed the song on episodes of the television series "One World", "Top of the Pops" and "Disney Channel in Concert". Two similar music videos were released for the song, with one showing clips from "Pokémon: The First Movie".
Background and composition.
Marion Raven and Marit Larsen come from Lørenskog in the district east of Oslo, Norway. They met when they were five years old and became best friends, discovering they had similar interests in music. They began singing together and performing in musical productions. The duo released a children's album, "Synger Kjente Barnesanger" ("Sing Famous Children's Songs"), in 1996 under the band name Marit &amp; Marion, when Larsen was 12 and Raven was 11 years old. The album was nominated for a Spellemannprisen award. After the album's release they started writing their own pop songs and sent demo recordings out; one of the demos ended up at Atlantic Records and they were signed to a worldwide contract in 1998. They held a competition for fans to come up with a new name for their duo, and one girl suggested M2M. Raven and Larsen were 14 and 15 years old, respectively, when they recorded the tracks from their debut album "Shades of Purple", including their debut single, "Don't Say You Love Me".
The music and lyrics were written by Raven, Larsen, Peter Zizzo and Jimmy Bralower. It was produced by Zizzo and Bralower and was mixed by Tom Lord-Alge. "Don't Say You Love Me" is performed in a 4/4 time signature at a moderately slow tempo of 100 beats per minute. Raven and Larsen alternate singing lead vocals for the first two verses, and then sing harmony together during the choruses. For most of the song, the verses are in the key of C♯ minor and the choruses are in the relative major key of E major. The final chorus has a key change to F♯ major. The song's prominent instruments are electric piano and acoustic guitar, with record scratching sounds layering the production in the chorus in a style akin to Hanson's "MMMBop". The final chorus repeats with ad-libbed background vocals until the song fades out.
Lyrically, the song is about getting "the rules straight on a budding relationship: Slow down and don't say you love me until you give me some time and get to know me." According to musicologist Jon Mikkel Broch Ålvik, "Don't Say You Love Me" is the "thinking person's teen pop." Ålvik rejects a superficial interpretation that the lyrics are a "moralistic message of abstinence", arguing instead that M2M "signal a stance that sounds considered and assured rather than prudish" and that the song is a statement of "burgeoning agency." The song has been described as bubblegum pop music with similar lyrical qualities to songs by girl groups of the 1960s, while also having more influence from rock and singer-songwriter genres than was typical for other teen pop songs of the late 1990s.
There is a slight difference in lyrics between the version used in "" version and the one released on "Shades of Purple". The "Shades of Purple" version includes the line "you start kissing me, what's that about?" In the "Pokémon" version, the lyric is "you said you love me, what's that about?" When asked about the lyric change in an interview, M2M replied "the "Pokémon" people didn't find it appropriate to have kissing in the lyrics, because it was for younger kids. We think [the lyric change] was stupid. The original version is on ["Shades of Purple"], and that's the one we wanted to go with." M2M had not heard of "Pokémon" until the song was chosen for the soundtrack, as the franchise was not yet popular in Norway.
Release and appearances.
"Don't Say You Love Me" appeared in "The List", an episode in the TV series "Felicity" that aired in the US on 3 October 1999 and reached an audience of 5million people, helping to generate interest in the song. On 10 October it appeared in the "Jack &amp; Jill" episode "Moving On". The song was recently being played on Radio Disney before it made its commercial US debut on 26 October 1999 as a CD and Compact Cassette. In Canada, it was released on the same day. Prior to this, the track was officially serviced to US adult contemporary radio on 11 October 1999 and to mainstream pop and rhythmic radio the following day. Within a month, more than 100 US top-40 radio stations were playing the song; by 10 November it was the sixth-most requested song on New York radio stations. The song appeared during the closing credits of the film "Pokémon: The First Movie – Mewtwo Strikes Back" and on the film's soundtrack; both the film and soundtrack were released in the US on 10 November 1999. "Don't Say You Love Me" was the debut single from the album. The single first entered the charts in the US on 20 November, by which time more than 400,000 units had already been shipped to record stores.
Despite the success in the US, in November 1999 it was reported that the single would not be released in the duo's home country of Norway until the following year, as Warner Music Norway wanted to wait until both the "Pokémon" film and soundtrack were released in Europe to capitalise on the exposure. The single was released in Norway on radio on 24 November, and by 11 January it was on sale in Norway and 25 other countries in Europe, the Americas, Asia and Oceania. It was expected to be released in the remaining European countries by the end of the month, though European countries where the single had not yet been released were already playing the song on the radio. The song was popular in Southeast Asia, receiving heavy airplay in Korea, Indonesia, the Philippines, Thailand and Singapore, and also in South America; in late May 2000 in Mexico it was the best selling foreign song and the second best selling song overall. On 12 January it was featured in the episode of "Beverly Hills, 90210", "Tainted Love". The song was released in Japan on 25 January, in Spain on 22 February, and in the UK on 20 March on East West Records. It appeared on "Shades of Purple", which was released in Europe in mid-February and the US on 7 March, and in 2003 it appeared on the album "".
Reception.
Robert Christgau gave a positive review, calling the song one of the "impossibly touching" tracks on "Shades of Purple" that "sets the standard" for the rest of the album. Chuck Taylor from "Billboard" said the song would appeal to both the young and mature listeners as it "neatly walks the line between pure pop and the cusp of the adult top 40". He added the song was "Absolutely enchanting in its youthful vocal and meaty series of hooks". Michael Paoletta, also from "Billboard", called the song an "infectious pop rocker", adding that "what's most dazzling about the track is the vocal verve of the girls' harmonizing." Heather Phares from "AllMusic" referred to the song as "sweet yet down-to-earth pop". Marius Lillelien, the director of the Norwegian radio station "NRK P3", said "It's a very well-written, well-produced pop song, they're young and potentially the largest Norwegian pop success ever. The song is best suited to an audience aged 10–16, but in my opinion it won't scare away older listeners". "Don't Say You Love Me" was nominated for the year's best song at the 2000 Spellemannprisen awards, though it lost to "Propaganda" by Briskeby.
In the US, "Don't Say You Love Me" entered the "Billboard" Hot 100 at number 72, later peaking at number 21. It also reached number 40 on both the Latin Pop Airplay and Tropical Songs charts. The single sold 39,000 copies in the week preceding 27 November, and had sold 580,000 units by May 2000. It reached number 2 in their native Norway and number 4 in both Australia and New Zealand. It made the top 10 in Finland, the top 20 in Canada, the UK, Ireland, Sweden and the Netherlands, the top 40 in Italy and Belgium and the top 80 in Germany, France and Switzerland. It was certified gold in the US on 6 December 1999 and in Australia in 2000.
"Don't Say You Love Me" was M2M's biggest hit and is their most recognisable song. While their next single, "Mirror Mirror", was a top 40 single in Australia and Canada, and reached number 62 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, "Don't Say You Love Me" would remain M2M's only top-40 hit in the US, and their only hit at all in many other countries. The song has been called a one-hit wonder. While speaking favourably of the duo, in 2014 Abby Devora from MTV ranked M2M and the song at number 2 on her list "9 Girl Group One-Hit Wonders You Need To Remember Right Now". Jessica Booth from "Gurl.com" included the duo and song in her 2012 list "Flashback: 15 Old-School Girl Singers We Miss", calling the song "ridiculously catchy". Kaitlin Cubria from Teen.com listed the duo and song in her 2014 list of "12 forgotten girl groups from the '90s/'00s that are worth your time." In 2014, Nathan Jolly from "MAX" said it was "one of those few pop songs that is happiness incarnate despite being a 'back the fuck off, dude' anthem". In 2020, Taylor Swift included "Don't Say You Love Me" in a Spotify playlist of 51 songs by female artists to commemorate Women's History Month, describing all the artists she selected as "faraway mentors who taught me how music could make someone's life easier and more magical".
Music video.
The accompanying music video for "Don't Say You Love Me" was directed by Nigel Dick and was filmed from 4 until 6 October 1999 at the Mission Tiki drive-in theatre in Montclair, California. In the video, Raven sings the song while she is in a car with a boy, while Larsen sings and plays the guitar in front of another car. This footage is spliced with M2M singing together at the drive-in, people dancing, the projectionist struggling with his malfunctioning equipment, and the concession stand worker who has an overflowing popcorn maker. When the popcorn stand explodes, M2M continue to perform surrounded by people as popcorn rains down. Air cannons were used to fire 200 garbage bin-sized bags of popcorn into the air to create the raining popcorn effect. In the US, the music video made its premiere on 24 October on The WB following that night's screening of "7th Heaven". It began airing on The Box and MuchMusic in early November 1999 and began airing on MTV on 15 November.
Two similar versions of the video were released. In one, clips from "Pokémon: The First Movie – Mewtwo Strikes Back" are played on the screen at the drive-in theatre. In the other version, fewer images of the screen are shown; when they are seen the "Pokémon" images are replaced with either clips of Raven and Larsen singing the song or words such as "M2M" and "Intermission". The "Pokémon" version of the video uses the edited-out lyrics, while the other one uses the album version of the song. The "Pokémon" version was included on the DVD of the film, while the other version was included on the bonus disc in "The Day You Went Away: The Best of M2M".
Live performances, covers and re-release.
To promote the single Raven and Larsen made a six-stop tour of shopping malls in the Northeastern US between 21 August and 2 October; it was their first tour under the name M2M. On 9 November 1999, the day before "Pokémon: The First Movie – Mewtwo Strikes Back" was released, M2M performed the song live at the Warner Bros. Studio Store on Fifth Avenue, Manhattan, in front of fans and a large media presence. To promote the single M2M also toured Singapore, Hong Kong, Philippines and Japan before returning to Norway on 24 November. They performed the song on the episode "Band on the Run" of the TV series "One World", which aired on 27 November, and on 31 March 2000 they performed it on "Top of the Pops". M2M performed the song live at Walt Disney World's Epcot park on 12 February 2000. This performance was recorded and appeared on an episode of Disney Channel in Concert on 29 April, which focused on both M2M and BBMak. As their biggest hit, "Don't Say You Love Me" was a popular song during live performances. In December 2001 the song was performed as an encore, along with "Everything You Do", in front of a crowd of 4,000 at an M2M concert in Kuala Lumpur.
Raven and Larsen ceased performing as M2M in 2002, and both went on to pursue solo careers; Larsen is known for performing a country music version of the song during solo performances. M2M reunited in 2024, and the following year released their first recording in over 20 years, and EP titled "Still In My Dreams", which featured a re-worked acoustic version of "Don't Say You Love Me". M2M performed the Better Endings Tour in seven countries in 2025, with "Don't Say You Love Me" being the final song in their 18-song set.
The Filipino acoustic pop duo Krissy &amp; Ericka covered the song on their 2009 self-titled album.
Track listings.
The European version of the single contained the B-side track "The Feeling is Gone", one of three tracks recorded for "Shades of Purple" which were left off the US version of the album. The standard US version featured the "Pokémon: The First Movie – Mewtwo Strikes Back" instrumental score "Mewtwo Strikes Back Suite" as the B-side.

</doc>
<doc id="6927920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927920" title="Fly Asian Xpress">
Fly Asian Xpress



</doc>
<doc id="6927924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927924" title="Simple Cooking (newsletter)">
Simple Cooking (newsletter)



</doc>
<doc id="6927926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927926" title="William Struth">
William Struth



</doc>
<doc id="6927928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927928" title="The W3S weapon storage system">
The W3S weapon storage system



</doc>
<doc id="6927932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927932" title="Escape from Absolom">
Escape from Absolom



</doc>
<doc id="6927933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927933" title="Kingston valve">
Kingston valve

A Kingston valve is a type of valve fitted in the bottom of a ship's plating that connects the sea to the ship's piping and storage tanks.
A Kingston valve is a type of seacock. It is arranged so that, under normal operating conditions, sea pressure keeps the valve closed. When opened from the ship's interior, the Kingston valve allows sea water to enter the tank.
The mechanism was introduced in 1837 by John Kingston (1786–1847), an English engineer after whom it is named.
Surface ships.
On surface ships, Kingston valves are fitted on systems such as fuel tanks, water tanks, and ballast tanks. The valve allows sea water to enter the tank. For fuel tanks, the purpose was cleaning the tanks. On water tanks, the Kingston valve gave ship engineers the ability to blow out increasingly salty water from the system, by safely and easily operating the valve from the interior of the ship. Sea water was used in the ship's steam-powered propulsion system, with water being injected and ejected from the boilers. Water, controlled by a Kingston valve, could be deliberately taken on board to act as ballast below the waterline. 
Some shipboard safety systems may also incorporate Kingston valves; selective flooding of compartments is a common damage control system on warships. Artillery magazines are generally designed to be rapidly floodable to prevent a fire from causing a catastrophic magazine explosion. Counterflooding of compartments is used to cancel out listing from damage, or to deliberately cause a ship to list to expose damage below the waterline for repair. 
Submarines.
On vintage submarines, Kingston valves are fitted at the bottom of certain ballast tanks, such as safety, negative, and bow buoyancy tanks. The submarine's ballast tank valves are used to admit water when the submarine dives. The valves allow water to enter the ballast tanks, while the enclosed air escapes through the open main vents at the top of the ballast tanks. During peacetime the Kingston valves are closed when the submarine is on the surface, the valves and vents being opened to dive, but to reduce the time required for diving in wartime the Kingston valves are left permanently open when at sea, the water being kept out of the ballast tanks by the pressure of the trapped air. This pressure is released when the vents are opened for diving, allowing the water to enter through the open Kingston valves.
In general, "main ballast tanks" have the Kingston valve atop the tank. This Kingston valve, controllable both manually and hydraulically, is known by some as "main vent operating gear." Main ballast tanks are in pairs, one on each side of the boat. One Kingston valve serves a pair, but each tank has a vent riser, with air connections and stop valves in the vent riser. The tank bottom is open to the sea through flood ports. The trapped air in the tank provides positive buoyancy while on the surface, although sea water sloshing in through the flood ports must be removed occasionally from the ballast tank(s) when cruising on the surface by means of low pressure air. The tank is capped by a vent riser, a pipe coming out of the top of the tank that terminates at a Kingston valve. In the vent riser is a valve that when shut, prevents flooding the tank when the submarine is rigged for surface. When the sub is rigged for dive, this valve is opened and flooding the tank becomes an option. Normally, the tank is flooded when the Kingston valve is opened, usually hydraulically from the control room. This Kingston valve then is left open until time to surface comes. This is because a slight leak of air from the air line provided to blow the tank into the vent riser could slowly make the boat more buoyant. When surfacing, the Kingston valve gets shut so the introduced air gets trapped in the tank and pushes the water out the tank's bottom through the flood port. The Kingston valve associated with each ballast tank can be operated manually. The vent riser valves get opened or shut manually during the rig for surface or rig for dive procedure.
Use in deliberate sinking.
Kingston valves can be used to scuttle (deliberately sink) a ship.
Famous examples include the Russian battleships "Sevastopol" and "Potemkin" in 1905, the interned Imperial German High Seas Fleet at Scapa Flow in 1919, the Japanese battleship "Tosa" in 1925, or the German aircraft carrier "Graf Zeppelin" in 1945. The Imperial Japanese Navy battleship "Kirishima" was scuttled by the opening of her Kingston valves, after she had received extensive damage during the Second Naval Battle of Guadalcanal.

</doc>
<doc id="6927936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927936" title="Lincoln Minster">
Lincoln Minster



</doc>
<doc id="6927942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927942" title="Ready salted">
Ready salted



</doc>
<doc id="6927944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927944" title="Herbert L. Pratt">
Herbert L. Pratt

Herbert Lee Pratt (November 21, 1871 – February 3, 1945) was an American businessman and a leading figure in the United States oil industry. In 1923, he became head of Standard Oil of New York; his father Charles Pratt was a founder of Astral Oil Works, which later became part of Standard Oil. He lived and worked in New York City, as well as having a country estate, The Braes in Glen Cove, Long Island, and a hunting preserve and estate, "Good Hope Plantation" in Ridgeland, South Carolina. He was also an art collector and philanthropist.
Early life.
Pratt was born in Brooklyn, New York, on November 21, 1871. He was the fourth of six children of the Standard Oil industrialist Charles Pratt, and Mary Helen (née Richardson) Pratt, his father's second wife. His siblings included Frederic B. Pratt, George Dupont Pratt, Helen Pratt, John Teele Pratt (husband of Ruth Baker Pratt, the first woman elected to the U.S. House of Representatives from New York) and Harold I. Pratt. From his father's first marriage to Lydia Richardson (the elder sister of his mother), who died young in 1861, his older half-siblings were Charles Millard Pratt and Lydia Richardson Pratt.
He took a degree of Bachelor of Arts at Amherst College in 1895, a classmate of future president Calvin Coolidge.
Career.
After his graduation from Amherst, he became a clerk at Bergen Point Chemical Works. He later became assistant to the manager of the Pratt Works and factories in Brooklyn and the manager of the Kings County and Long Island Works.
Like his father, who was a pioneer in the independent oil industry and accepted a merger with Standard Oil, Pratt was a leading figure in the U.S. oil industry. On June 1, 1923, he was elected to replace Henry Clay Folger as head of Standard Oil Company of New York, also known as Socony (which eventually became known as Mobil). After the announcement, he was featured on the June 11, 1923, cover of "Time". In 1928, after Charles F. Meyer became president of Standard Oil of New York, Pratt became chairman of the board.
In 1931, when Socony merged with the Vacuum Oil Company, Pratt was elected chairman of the board of the new Socony-Vacuum Corporation, which had capital of $1,000,000,000. Pratt retired as chairman on June 1, 1935, after forty years of service. He was also a director of Bankers Trust Company from 1917 to 1938, Asia Banking Corporation, the American Can Company, Stone &amp; Webster and the Charles Pratt and Company.
Personal life.
On April 28, 1897, Pratt married Florence Balsdon Gibb (1873–1935). Florence, a graduate of Packer Collegiate Institute, a daughter of Harriet (née Balsdon) Gibb and John Gibb, a leading merchant who was the head of Loeser &amp; Co. In 1927, Florence was the first woman elected to the State Board of Regents. Together, Herbert and Florence were the parents of five children:
On January 2, 1935, his wife died at their New York residence, 1027 Fifth Avenue. Pratt died on February 3, 1945, at the age of 73 at 834 Fifth Avenue, his home in Manhattan, New York City. After a funeral at St. James' Episcopal Church on Madison Avenue and 71st Street, he was buried in Pratt Cemetery, the family cemetery in Lattingtown, New York.
Residences.
Pratt was a native of the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn. His mansion at 213 Clinton Avenue was constructed in 1908, but, in 1914, the Pratt's moved to 640 Park Avenue in Manhattan, a luxury building designed by J. E. R. Carpenter. In 1916, the 12-story 907 Fifth Avenue building, also designed by Carpenter, was completed, and Pratt, then vice president of Standard Oil, rented the largest apartment, 25 rooms and eight baths, occupying the entire top floor, at an annual rent of $30,000. It was the first building developed to replace one of the mansions previously fronting on Central Park.
Pratt soon outgrew this residence and moved again to the 1027 Fifth Avenue, a 40 ft. wide residence that was the central of three Beaux-Arts mansions at 84th and Fifth Avenue. Their neighbors included Florence Adele Vanderbilt Twombly at 1028 Fifth Avenue. In 1936, a year after his wife's death, he sold 1027 Fifth Avenue to the Marymount School, who had owned Mrs. Twombly's home since 1926, and combined the building with its neighbors but preserved all the exteriors and much of the interiors.
His country estate, "The Braes", in Glen Cove, Long Island, was built in 1912–14 and designed by James Brite in the neo-Jacobean style. It was the largest of the six Pratt family mansions at Glen Cove. It is now part of the Webb Institute. Pratt also built "Homewood" for his daughter Edith and "Preference" in Lattingtown for his daughter Harriet, both designed by Carrère and Hastings.
In 1910, Pratt bought the Good Hope plantation and hunting lodge in South Carolina (about five miles (8 km) from Ridgeland) from Harry B. Hollins, also of Long Island. For several years, the Pratt family leased Yester, an old castle on the Moors in East Lothian, Scotland for the shooting season.
Pratt also spent summer months at his Japanese themed "camp," Pine Tree Point, on Upper St. Regis Lake in the Adirondacks, which he purchased from Frederick William Vanderbilt in the early 1900s. He also spend some time at the Caughnawana Fishing and Hunting Club in Quebec, Canada.
Philanthropy.
Pratt was an art collector, particularly of portraits and miniatures. In 1937, he was elected a trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. When Rotherwas Court, Herefordshire, England, was dismantled and auctioned in 1913, Pratt purchased the dining room for his neo-Jacobean mansion "The Braes," then under construction as a country estate in Glen Cove. His bequest to Amherst College included the Rotherwas Room and more than 80 American portraits and miniatures, as well as an extensive collection of decorative arts. The Rotherwas Room was incorporated into the Mead Art Museum, when it was built at Amherst College in 1949.
The Webb Institute of Naval Architecture acquired "The Braes" in 1945 for use as its campus. After renovation, it held its first classes there in 1947. Additions have included a library, model facility and other features.
Legacy.
A Steamship was named after Herbert L Pratt. On June 3, 1918, the Herbert L Pratt struck a mine off Delaware laid by (). The Pratt was saved, salvaged and towed to port.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6927945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927945" title="Wałęsa">
Wałęsa



</doc>
<doc id="6927952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927952" title="Northbrook Island">
Northbrook Island

Northbrook Island () is an island located in the southern edge of the Franz Josef Archipelago, Russia. Its highest point is 344 m above sea level.
Northbrook Island is one of the most accessible locations in the island group. Thus it often served as a base for polar expeditions in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
History.
The island was discovered in 1880 by English Arctic explorer Benjamin Leigh Smith.
It was named after the Earl of Northbrook, who was president of the Royal Geographical Society from 1879 to 1880. The naming of the island was partly due to the insistence of Nikolai Góring, who was among the Earl's entourage during his presidential term.
Cape Flora, located in an unglacierized area in the Southwest of Northbrook Island () camp is historically significant. Benjamin Leigh Smith was shipwrecked at Cape Flora in 1881. A chance encounter between explorers Fridtjof Nansen and Frederick George Jackson took place here in 1896. Jackson was leading the Jackson–Harmsworth expedition, based at Cape Flora, when this meeting occurred, on 17 June 1896.
A cape to the north of the island, at 80°55'N, was named Cape Bruce, after British zoologist and oceanographer William Speirs Bruce, a member of the Jackson–Harmsworth expedition. In 1904, coal was mined about up the slopes by explorers of the American Ziegler Polar expedition wintering over after their ship sank at Rudolf Island.
After a gruesome ordeal, navigator Valerian Albanov and sailor Alexander Konrad, the sole survivors of the ill-fated expedition of the , ended up on Cape Flora in 1914. Albanov and Konrad were ultimately rescued by the "Svyatoy Foka" as they were preparing for the winter.
For a long time, Northbrook Island was thought to be a single entity. However during an archeological expedition on the icebreaker in 1985, Ratislav Gaidovskiy found that there was a narrow strait separating it into a large eastern part, and a smaller island, containing Cape Flora, to the west. The existence of this strait was confirmed in 2006 by Stanislav Rumyantsev on the icebreaker , in 2007 by Børge Ousland and Thomas Ulrich, and in 2012 by the crew of and . It is assumed that the islands were until recently linked by a tombolo that has since been washed away.
Although various names have been suggested, the land to the west of the discovered strait is now officially called West Northbrook Island (остров Западный Нортбрук), the larger entity to the east is East Northbrook Island (остров Восточный Нортбрук).

</doc>
<doc id="6927953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927953" title="Sandra Kerr">
Sandra Kerr

 
Sandra Kerr (born 14 February 1942, Plaistow, Newham, Essex) is an English folk singer.
Kerr sings and plays English concertina, guitar, Appalachian dulcimer and autoharp. She was a member of The Critics Group from 1963–1972. With John Faulkner, she wrote the music for the television series "Bagpuss" and voiced the character of Madeleine (the rag doll). Kerr has been involved in many programmes for BBC Radio including "The Music Box" and "Listen with Mother".
She has sung with her daughter Nancy Kerr (whose father is Ron Elliott, a Northumbrian piper) and in the groups Sisters Unlimited and Voice Union. Her work has developed to include teaching and leading workshops and she is the director of two folk choirs, Wercasfolk and VoiceMale. She was on the staff of Newcastle University's music department for 17 years until 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="6927954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927954" title="Antiphon Painter">
Antiphon Painter

The Antiphon Painter () is the Notname for an Athenian red-figure vase-painter active in ancient Greece during the early 5th century BC. He owes his name to a double Kalos inscription of Antiphon on the dinos stand in the Antique collection of Berlin (Inventory number F 2325). He learned his handicraft in the workshop of Euphronios and Onesimos. There he worked closely with them, the Kalmarer Painter and other painters.
There are about 100 drinking containers of his (primarily kylikes) known to us. They almost exclusively depict the life of the aristocratic youth of Athens. They are shown as athletes, in symposia, in komos scenes, and with their horses or in arms. Representations of women – in particular Hetairai – are rare, as are mythological topics. When he depicts mythological subjects, they are usually the heroic acts of Herakles or Theseus. One of his bowls possibly refers to the Battle of Marathon (Orvieto, Collection Faina).
A special speciality of the painter were his red-figure Eye-cups. The Antiphon Painter was the last artist to create these.

</doc>
<doc id="6927957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927957" title="Ranwadi High School">
Ranwadi High School

Ranwadi School (officially known since 2003 as Ranwadi Churches of Christ College) is a co-educational boarding school on Pentecost, Vanuatu. The school has over 300 students who come from all over Pentecost Island and from other parts of Vanuatu. Lisepsep inhabit the forests around the school.
The school is situated 11 km north of Lonorore airport on a coastal hillside adjacent to the village of Vanwoki. The name is a shortening of "ranwadikon" which meant "on a heap of sand" in the Sowa language. Strictly this name refers to the coastal area below the school; the site on which the main school buildings now stand was historically known as "Orobe".
Ranwadi is a Churches of Christ mission school and is run along strongly religious lines; the school's motto is Luke 2:52.
The school's main source of income is the school fees paid by its students, although it also receives some funding from church and government sources. Major development projects at the school have often been funded by overseas aid. In 2005-2006 a major improvement programme was carried out with the help of AusAID (the Australian Agency for International Development).
Although the majority of the staff are local, in the 1990s and 2000s under Principal Silas Buli the school also welcomed a large number of expatriate teachers. Most of these were affiliated with volunteer organisations such as Latitude Global Volunteering (formerly GAP Activity Projects), Project Pacific, VSA, Peace Corps and church mission groups.
History.
Ranwadi traces its origins to 1902, when a local man named Willie Tabimamkan returned from working on a Queensland sugar plantation with a "burning desire" to tell people about Jesus. Tabimamkan wrote to Australia asking for help, and in response, a missionary named John Thompson arrived in 1903. Malaria forced Thompson to leave later that year, but his arrival marked the beginning of the work of the Churches of Christ Overseas Mission Board in the area, which continues to this day. The next white missionary was Frank Filmer, who stayed at Ranwadi from 1908 until 1912.
Tabimamkan died in 1918, and there is no record of what happened at Ranwadi from then until 1934, when another missionary, Mr Sandalls, arrived. He left due to ill health, and was replaced by another missionary, Mr Dow, who stayed at Ranwadi from 1937 to 1939. After this the school was temporarily abandoned and became overgrown, although the work of baptising people into the Churches of Christ was continued by local villagers.
In 1946, a missionary couple named Jack and Dorothy Smith established a mission station at Ranmawot, 3 km south of Ranwadi. A small primary school was established here, although the site proved too small, and in 1955 work began on building a new school at the old Ranwadi site, under the leadership of Owen Jones, a teacher newly arrived from Ballarat, Australia. The school was gradually developed there under a succession of missionaries, including Frank Beale (1957), Fred Reynolds (1958–1959), Jack Edwards and his wife (1959–1968) and Beth Clapp (1969–1970). The school originally took only boys, but under Mr &amp; Mrs Edwards girls began to be admitted.
In 1971, as the islanders' educational standard improved, Ranwadi was transformed into a secondary school, while a primary school was re-established at Ranmawot. Ranwadi continued to be run by Australian missionaries: Ray Wilson and his wife (1971–1973), Ken Warne and his wife (1974–1978), Jenny Marshall (1978–1980) and Lyall Muller (1981–1985).
In colonial days, Ranwadi owned a large tract of surrounding land, on which students cultivated their own food. However, following Vanuatu's independence in 1980, the school faced demands from traditional landowners for the return of their ancestral land. The ensuing land dispute was solved by the signing of a Lease Agreement under which Ranwadi kept the core of its land in return for a small annual rent payment to the villagers. The remainder of the land, including the site of present-day Vanwoki village, was returned to its traditional owners. Although the agreement led to good relations between the school and the surrounding communities, it also left the school dependent on imported foodstuffs which represent a major drain on the school's budget and a cause of malnutrition among its students.
The new Vanuatu government's desire to see schools run by local people rather than overseas missionaries led to the appointment in 1986 of Silas Buli, from nearby Vanuu (Waterfall village), as principal (1986-2009). Although very young and inexperienced at the time of his appointment, Silas enjoyed a long and successful term at Ranwadi, and won a great deal of respect from those who worked with him. Since 2009 the school has had several principals and acting principals including Silas Tabi, Stephen Toa, Albert Bule, Royal Bebe, Maxly Viro, Caulton Bule and Albion Tabi.
Curriculum.
Ranwadi offers education from Year 7 to Year 13 (students aged between approximately 13 and 19 years).
Year 7 - 10 students ("juniors") follow a standard curriculum set by the Vanuatu Ministry of Education, culminating in national exams at the end of Year 10 which determine students' future progress. Year 11, 12 and 13 students ("seniors") study towards Vanuatu National Secondary Certificates (VNSC) and Vanuatu University Entrance Certificates (VUEC).
The language of instruction at Ranwadi is English, although in informal settings, teachers and students mostly communicate in Bislama or their vernacular languages.
Christianity is a major part of school life, with students attending twice-daily services in the chapel, in addition to other religious events such as Easter baptisms, which are held in the saltwater pool below the school. Helping students get to know Jesus is considered by many to be the school's number one priority.
The school competes at the PISSA Games (a provincial inter-school tournament), and hosted the Games in 2008 and 2018. The major sports played at the school are football, netball, volleyball, basketball and athletics.
Facilities.
By rural Vanuatu standards, Ranwadi is well resourced, thanks largely to donations from overseas aid agencies and other foreign benefactors. However, good maintenance of buildings and equipment is difficult due to the damp tropical climate and isolated location, and the school was badly damaged by Cyclone Harold in 2020.
The school buildings comprise twelve ordinary classrooms, two science laboratories, four technology rooms, a computer room, a staff room, a large library, offices, a dining hall and kitchen, a chapel, a mechanic's workshop, an aid post staffed by a nurse, a small shop, boys' and girls' dormitories, and staff houses. Teachers' houses are located close to the main school buildings, while ancillary staff such as the driver, nurse and boarding master are housed on the shoreside strip below the school.
A large sports ground below the school, with a football pitch and three basketball/volleyball/netball/futsal courts, is shared by the school and the local community.
Small gardens around the school are used by students for agriculture classes.
Electricity is provided in the evenings by a diesel-powered generator. A solar power system provides power during the day for the school office, staff room, computer room and the freezer in the school store.
Unlike at typical locations in rural Vanuatu, most houses at Ranwadi have running water and flush toilets. Water is supplied from a spring on the mountainside above the school near Lalwori village, via a system of pipes and tanks which also serve neighbouring villages. Rainwater tanks collecting the run-off from roofs provide an additional source of water, as well as helping to prevent erosion, which is an issue in parts of the school.
Transport of students and supplies to and from the school occurs primarily by ship, although some also arrive by air from Port Vila and Santo, or by road from neighbouring parts of Pentecost. Cargo ships, which pass along the coast of Pentecost approximately twice per week, put ashore either at the beach by the school sports field (although access here is somewhat difficult due to the presence of a reef), or at nearby Vanuu (Waterfall Village). The school owns a 'truck' (four-wheel-drive utility vehicle) which is used for transport of staff, students and supplies to and from the landing point, the airport, the bank and hospital at nearby Melsisi, and other locations.

</doc>
<doc id="6927958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927958" title="Kabosu">
Kabosu

Kabosu (カボス or 臭橙; binomial name: "Citrus sphaerocarpa") is a citrus fruit of an evergreen broad-leaf tree in the family Rutaceae. It is popular in Japan, especially Ōita Prefecture, where its juice is used to improve the taste of many dishes, especially cooked fish, sashimi, and hot pot dishes.
Characteristics.
Kabosu is a citrus fruit closely related to yuzu. Its juice has the sharpness of lemon, and it is used instead of vinegar in some Japanese dishes. It grows on a flowering tree with sharp thorns. The fruit is harvested when still green, but if left to ripen it turns yellow. It is often confused with similar citrus such as sudachi, but can easily be distinguished by the apex of the fruit where the pistil has fallen off, which is a slightly raised torus shape.
Origin.
Kabosu is thought to be an ichang papeda – bitter orange hybrid. It was not until the mid-Showa period that "kabosu" was first mentioned in literature. A legend from Usuki, Ōita says that a kabosu seed or sapling was brought to Ōita from Kyoto in the Edo period by a doctor named Sogen, beginning cultivation in the prefecture. 
However, as there are kabosu trees that can be found in Ōita Prefecture that are older than those found anywhere else in Japan, kabosu are now thought to be native to the prefecture. In Usuki, there are many 200-year-old trees with some thought to be about 300 years old.
During the 1960s, cultivation of kabosu in Ōita increased and shipments of the fruit to other prefectures began. Production was promoted by the prefecture during the 1970s and sales and shipments continued to grow. This trend continued through the 1980s and 90s, making kabosu known nationwide as an Ōita "meibutsu" (local speciality).
Usage.
Kabosu juice is rich in sourness, with a unique fragrance. It is used with sashimi, grilled fish, ponzu for hot pot, and as a vinegar alternative for Japanese dishes. In Ōita Prefecture it is also used with miso soup, noodles, and shōchū, by adding the juice for flavoring. Squeezing vertically cut radial quarters with the peel side down prevents the seeds from entering the dish or cup while adding the juice. Kabosu juice is used in a wide range of products including condiments, juices, non-alcoholic beverages, frozen desserts, snack foods, wagashi, pastries, and alcoholic beverages.
When mixed in fish feed, the polyphenols in kabosu prevent discoloration and odor in fish meat for longer time periods. Japanese amberjack "(buri)" and Summer flounder "(hirame)" grown using this feed are marketed as and in Ōita Prefecture.
Production.
In 2018, Ōita Prefecture accounted for about 99% of kabosu production in Japan. It is produced in most areas of the prefecture, particularly Usuki, Taketa, Bungo-Ōno, and Bungotakada. National Japanese production in 2007 was 5,185 tons. Prefecture-specific production volumes that year were 5,019 tons in Ōita Prefecture, 144 tons in Aichi Prefecture, and 17 tons in Miyazaki Prefecture, and volume in the main producing district of Ōita Prefecture was 97% of national production. There are good and bad years for Kabosu production; 2009 was a good year and the volume in Ōita Prefecture was about 6,587 tons. The annual production in Ōita Prefecture was 3,623 tons in 2010, and 5,273 tons in 2011. 
Kabosu is in season from August to March, but stored kabosu or kabosu grown in greenhouses allow for the fruit to be available year-round.
Character.
A kabosu-motif mascot character called was created for the held in Ōita in 2003. The Ōita Kabosu promotion council chose this character as the mascot for "Ōita Kabosu" after the fair. In 2005, Kabotan's use was extended to regional development in general in Ōita Prefecture, even beyond Kabosu production.

</doc>
<doc id="6927959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927959" title="Nortbruk Island">
Nortbruk Island



</doc>
<doc id="6927961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927961" title="Ostrov Nortbruk">
Ostrov Nortbruk



</doc>
<doc id="6927975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927975" title="Rolf on Art">
Rolf on Art

Rolf on Art was a British art television series made by the BBC. It was hosted by Rolf Harris, the Australian television presenter. The series began in 2001, and the most recent episode was made in 2007. It was followed by Harris's other art programme, "Star Portraits with Rolf Harris", which was released after the success of "Rolf on Art".
Each episode revolved around Harris looking at a various notable artist from history, and both investigating their life as well as imitating their style of art.
Rolf Harris's style.
Unlike many other art presenters, Harris did not just look and talk about an artist's work: he created works in their own style. This was a key part of the shows' success. For each episode, he usually painted two pictures in their style, normally in the same place where they created their works. Some episodes were big events, which were held in a public place, such as Trafalgar Square in London. Harris presented these but many other people (both celebrities and the general public) were enlisted to paint.
Episodes.
Series One – "The Impressionists".
In the first series, from 2001, Harris looked at the Impressionists, a group he has a great affinity for:
Series Two – "The Post-Impressionists".
In the second series, he looked at several artists who worked around and after the time of the Impressionists, but were not Impressionists.
"The Christmas Special".
In this special, Harris looked at Christmas card making. The card he produced was mass-produced and sold for charity that year.
"The Africa Special".
Harris went on a tour of Africa, looking at different styles on African art, including rock art, Makonde wood carving and Benin Bronzes. It was released to coincide with the Live 8 festival in 2005 and the series of programmes on the BBC about Africa.
"The Queen, by Rolf".
This special, broadcast on BBC One on 1 January 2006, showed the creation of Harris's 80th birthday portrait painting of Queen Elizabeth II. It was highly publicised because the Queen had never been seen on such a programme before. In it, Harris goes to Buckingham Palace where he meets the Queen and paints her in an impressionist style. It is debatable whether it was a part of the "Rolf on Art" series, because it does not contain the title sequence or "Rolf on Art" in the title. However, it was advertised as a "Rolf on Art" special.
"Rolf on Lowry".
A one-off special, aired on 4 March 2007, where Harris followed in the footsteps of the painter L. S. Lowry. This is different from the season three episode on Lowry.
"Rolf on Beatrix Potter".
A one-off special, aired on 30 December 2007. Harris looked at the work of illustrator Beatrix Potter.
"Rolf on Welsh Art".
This series was commissioned by and only shown on BBC One Wales. It aired from 16 February to 9 March 2011. It took the same format as the original series, with each episode focusing on a different Welsh artist. The episode on Shani Rhys James was the first profile of a living artist, meaning as part of the programme Harris was able to meet the artist herself.
The second series began airing on 12 October 2012 but has since ended following Harris's 2013 arrest on charges of indecent assault making indecent images of a child.
Book.
A "Rolf on Art" book was released for the first series. It contained sections on how he worked, as well as a section on each of the artists he looked at in the series. An updated version was released for the second series.

</doc>
<doc id="6927976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927976" title="Wałęsa (disambiguation)">
Wałęsa (disambiguation)

Lech Wałęsa (born 1943) is a Polish statesman, dissident, and Nobel Peace Prize laureate, who served as the President of Poland between 1990 and 1995.
Wałęsa or Walesa may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6927978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927978" title="Fire emblem history">
Fire emblem history



</doc>
<doc id="6927982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927982" title="Teodoro Picardo Michalski">
Teodoro Picardo Michalski



</doc>
<doc id="6927985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927985" title="Mount Khabarjina">
Mount Khabarjina

Mount Khabarjina (, ) is a mountain and dormant volcano in the Caucasus of Georgia. It has an elevation of 3,142 metres. It is located near Mount Kazbek and is a part of its volcanic group. It is better known under the name Mount Kabardzhin.

</doc>
<doc id="6927987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927987" title="Slivnica">
Slivnica

Slivnica or Slivnitsa may refer to 

</doc>
<doc id="6927988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927988" title="Virginia State Route 642 (Lee County)">
Virginia State Route 642 (Lee County)



</doc>
<doc id="6927989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927989" title="Otto von Blotto">
Otto von Blotto



</doc>
<doc id="6927994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927994" title="Slivnitza">
Slivnitza



</doc>
<doc id="6927997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927997" title="Insurance claim">
Insurance claim



</doc>
<doc id="6927998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927998" title="Battle of Slivnitza">
Battle of Slivnitza



</doc>
<doc id="6927999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6927999" title="ATM-72 mine">
ATM-72 mine

The ATM-72 is a steel cased circular North Korean anti-tank mine. It is similar to the Russian TM-46, with a thick wire carrying handle and a filling plug. The mine uses a four pronged fuze, downward pressure on any of the levers will trigger the mine. The lever action of the mine makes it resistant to overpressure and blast.
The mine is found in Sudan and Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="6928000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928000" title="General Santa Anna">
General Santa Anna



</doc>
<doc id="6928008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928008" title="Lunar hotel">
Lunar hotel



</doc>
<doc id="6928012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928012" title="Mohiniyattom">
Mohiniyattom



</doc>
<doc id="6928018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928018" title="Khokh Range">
Khokh Range

The Khokh Range (, "Xoxis kedi"; , "Xoxy ragh") is a mountain range in the Caucasus Mountains of Georgia. The mountain range runs north of the Greater Caucasus Range, which is pierced by the gorges of the Ardon and the Terek with Truso Pass (3150m above sea level) . The Kazbek volcano is located on the Khokh Range.
Etymology.
The word "Khokh" means "mountain" in Ossetian language.

</doc>
<doc id="6928019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928019" title="List of Sega Game Gear games">
List of Sega Game Gear games



</doc>
<doc id="6928023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928023" title="Religious exclusivism">
Religious exclusivism

Religious exclusivism, or religious exclusivity, is the doctrine or belief that only one particular religion or belief system is true. This is in contrast to religious pluralism.
Buddhism.
Some attempts have been made to portray Buddhism in an exclusivistic framework by pointing out that the implication that those who do not accept the teachings of the Buddha, such as the Noble Eightfold Path, are destined to repeat the cycle of suffering through endless reincarnations; while those who practice the true way can reach enlightenment. Neo-Buddhist groups sometimes consider their tradition the true path to enlightenment and engage in strong evangelical efforts to influence those they consider to be in darkness.
However, many followers of Eastern religions are not exclusivist. For example, there are millions of Buddhists who would also consider themselves to follow Confucianism or Taoism.
Perry Schmidt-Leukel pointed out that the parable about the blind, which tries to describe the elephant in Mevlana Celaleddin-i Rûmi's Mesnevi, but whose original origin is in the Buddhist Pali Canon, is more related to religious exclusivity rather than pluralism in the Buddhist context. In the Buddhist context, the elephant refers to true dharma, the blind refers to those who have views opposing Buddha, the sighted person refers to the king who was Buddha in his previous life, and the clear statement of the text is that blind people cannot enter the path of true salvation, and this is stated in the text as blind people "cannot go beyond Samsara". Only Buddhas show the path to salvation and they will provide the means to cross the Samsara river. The parable ends with a very clear analogy: The light of other teachers is like the light of a firefly, whereas the Buddha's light shines like the sun: "When that illuminator appears, the light of the firefly goes out and shines no more."
Christianity.
Some Christians have argued that religious pluralism is an invalid or self-contradictory concept. Maximal forms of religious pluralism claim that all religions are equally true, or that one religion can be true for some and another for others. Most Christians hold this idea to be logically impossible from the Principle of contradiction. The two largest Christian branches, the Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church, both claim to be the "one true church" and that "outside the true Church there is no salvation"; Protestantism, however, which has many different denominations, has no consistent doctrine in this regard, and has a variety of different positions regarding religious pluralism.
A number of Christian denominations assert that they alone represent the one true church – the church to which Jesus gave his authority in the Great Commission. The Catholic Church, the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Oriental Orthodox communion and the Assyrian Church of the East each understands itself as the one and only original church. The claim to the title of the "one true church" relates to the first of the Four Marks of the Church mentioned in the Nicene Creed: "one, holy, catholic, and apostolic church". The concept of schism somewhat moderates the competing claims between some churches – one can potentially repair schism. For example, the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Churches each regard the other as schismatic rather than heretical.
Many mainstream Protestants regard all baptized Christians as members of a "spiritual Christian Church", which is not visible or institutional; this belief is sometimes referred to by the theological term "invisible church". Some other Christians, such as Anglicans of Anglo-Catholic churchmanship, espouse a version of branch theory which teaches that the true Christian Church comprises Anglican, Eastern Orthodox, Old Catholic, Oriental Orthodox, Scandinavian Lutheran, and Roman Catholic branches.
Hinduism.
The Bhagavad Gita warns against exclusivism:यत्तु कृत्स्नवदेकस्मिन्कार्ये सक्तमहैतुकम्।
अतत्त्वार्थवदल्पं च तत्तामसमुदाहृतम्
But that which clings blindly to one idea as if it were all, without logic, truth or insight, that has its origin in Darkness.
— Bhagavad Gita, 18:22
Although Hindu sages such as Sri Ramakrishna Paramhansa and Sri Ramana Maharshi have the approach that all religions contain the truth and lead to the same ultimate goal, some Hindus have stated that this universalism is contrary to Hinduism.
Islam.
Muslims believe that Allah revealed the Qur'an to Muhammad. Other Islamic books considered to be revealed by God before the Quran, mentioned by name in the Quran are the Tawrat (Torah, ) revealed to the prophets and messengers amongst the Children of Israel, the Zabur (Psalms) revealed to Dawud (David) and the Injil (the Gospel) revealed to Isa (Jesus). The Quran also mentions God having revealed the Scrolls of Abraham and the Scrolls of Moses. Most Muslims, however, maintain that previous messages and revelations have been partially changed or corrupted over time and consider the Quran to be the unaltered and the final revelation from Allah. Religious concepts and practices include the five pillars of Islam, which are basic concepts and obligatory acts of worship, and following Islamic law, which touches on virtually every aspect of life and society, encompassing everything from banking and welfare, to warfare and the environment.
Islam began its history with an exclusivist attitude toward polytheist religions, but an inclusivist attitude toward monotheists, including Christians and Jews. Believers in the oneness of God were given the status of "dhimmi", conferring on them certain rights, including the right to practice their religions openly and not to be pressured to accept Islam.
In practice, however, neither the inclusion of Jews and Christians nor militant exclusivism toward "pagans" was always practiced. Trinitarian Christians were accused of idolatry because of their veneration of icons and were also sometimes treated as polytheists because of the doctrines of the Trinity and the Incarnation. Islam sees sincere Jews, Christians, and Sabians as people "of the Book".
The basic attitude of Muslims toward other religions are varied today, and certain Islamic nations, such as Saudi Arabia and Iran, are more exclusivistic toward other religions than are others, such as Indonesia and Egypt.
The hadith attributed to the prophet Muhammad and known as the hadith of 73 sects states that there will be 73 different sects and groups within Islam and that only one of these groups will reach salvation or heaven, while the others will be destined for hell. Two separate narrations of the hadith are as follows:
“The Jews split into seventy-one sects, one of which will be in Paradise and seventy in Hell. The Christians split into seventy-two sects, seventy-one of which will be in Hell and one in Paradise. I swear by the One Whose Hand is the soul of Muhammad, my nation will split into seventy-three sects, one of which will be in Paradise and seventy-two in Hell.” It was said: “O Messenger of Allah, who are they?” He said: “The main body.” (Sunan Ibn Majah 3992, Book 36, Hadith 67)
Another version of Hadith:
"Narrated 'Abdullah bin 'Amr:
that the Messenger of Allah (ﷺ) said: "What befell the children of Isra'il will befall my Ummah, step by step, such that if there was one who had intercourse with his mother in the open, then there would be someone from my Ummah who would do that. Indeed the children of Isra'il split into seventy-two sects, and my Ummah will split into seventy-three sects. All of them are in the Fire Except one sect." He said: "And which is it O Messenger of Allah?" He said: "What I am upon and my Companions." " (Jami` at-Tirmidhi 2641, Book 40, Hadith 36)
Scholars of major Islamic sects have commented that the sect that achieved salvation in this hadith is the sect to which they belong. For example, Abū l-Ḥusayn al-Malaṭī, ‘Abd al-Qāhir
Sunni scholars such as al-Baghdādī, Abū l-Muzaffar al-Isfarā'inī, al-Shahrastānī, Sunnis were the saved sect, according to an Ismā'īlī scholar such as Abū Tammām al-Khawārizmī, Ismailis, according to important Mu'tazili scholar Qāḍī 'Abd al-Jabbār the sect that achieved salvation was the Mu'tazilites.
Judaism.
Most Jews believe that the God of Abraham is the one true God. The Jews believe the God of Abraham entered into a covenant with the ancient Israelites, marking them as his Chosen People, giving them a mission to spread the concept of monotheism. Jews do not consider their chosenness to be a mark of superiority to other nations, but a responsibility to be an example of behavior for other nations to emulate.

</doc>
<doc id="6928025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928025" title="Sri. Vallathol Narayana Menon">
Sri. Vallathol Narayana Menon



</doc>
<doc id="6928036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928036" title="Georga">
Georga



</doc>
<doc id="6928038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928038" title="Aleksandry">
Aleksandry



</doc>
<doc id="6928041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928041" title="Shree Jalaram Bapa">
Shree Jalaram Bapa



</doc>
<doc id="6928043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928043" title="Slap Bang">
Slap Bang



</doc>
<doc id="6928045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928045" title="Doing the Honours">
Doing the Honours



</doc>
<doc id="6928049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928049" title="Athirapilly">
Athirapilly



</doc>
<doc id="6928050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928050" title="Peter Weston">
Peter Weston

Peter Weston (19 October 1943 – 5 January 2017) was a British science fiction fan from Birmingham, UK. 
Weston made many contributions in fan writing, fanzine editing, convention-running and in local science fiction clubs. His 1960s pseudonym "Malcolm Edwards" caused some confusion several years later, when a real Malcolm Edwards began contributing to British fanzines. They met in 1970. 
He produced the first issue of the science fiction fanzine "Zenith" (later "Speculation") in 1963 and he edited the "Andromeda" series of original anthologies from 1975 until 1977. In 2006, following the success of his Hugo-nominated memoir "With Stars in My Eyes", Weston relaunched his fanzine "Prolapse" (re-titled "Relapse" in 2009), after a 23-year hiatus. He was rewarded with a pair of Nova Awards the following year, for "best fanzine" and "best fan" (the latter being a committee award).
As well as organising a series of science fiction symposia in Birmingham inspired by "Speculation", Weston co-founded the Birmingham Science Fiction Group (BSFG) in 1971 and helped originate the convention Novacon later that same year. He later chaired Seacon '79, the third Worldcon to be held in the UK, and in October 2008 ran Cytricon V at the George Hotel in Kettering, a sequel to and commemoration of the event at which the modern British Science Fiction Association was created. At the last, a surprise ceremony was held, inducting him and fellow fan Rog Peyton (co-founder of the modern Birmingham Science Fiction Group) into the long-dormant "fannish" organisation the Knights of Saint Fantony.
From 1984 onwards, the Hugo Awards (modelled in the shape of rockets and presented at the annual Worldcon) have been cast by the car-parts factory which Weston owned and managed until he retired.
Awards and honours.
He has been an official guest at a number of conventions, including:

</doc>
<doc id="6928051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928051" title="Natsumikan">
Natsumikan



</doc>
<doc id="6928052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928052" title="Index hole">
Index hole



</doc>
<doc id="6928056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928056" title="Conewago Creek">
Conewago Creek

Conewago Creek can refer to the following streams in Pennsylvania in the United States. All are in the 
Chesapeake Bay drainage basin via the Susquehanna River, and are located either east or west of the river.

</doc>
<doc id="6928058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928058" title="S. Donald Stookey">
S. Donald Stookey

Stanley Donald Stookey (May 23, 1915 – November 4, 2014) was an American inventor. He had 60 patents in his name related to glass and ceramics (some patents solely his and others shared as joint patents with other inventors). His discoveries and inventions have contributed to the development of ceramics, eyeglasses, sunglasses, cookware, defense systems, and electronics.
He was a research director at Corning Glass Works for 47 years doing R&amp;D in glass and ceramic development. His inventions include Fotoform, CorningWare, Cercor, Pyroceram and Photochromic Ophthalmic glass eyewear.
Early life, family and education.
Stookey was born on May 23, 1915, in Hay Springs, Nebraska, the eldest of four children born to Stanley and Hermie Stookey. Stookey’s grandfather, Stephen Stookey, had been a professor of botany and geology at Coe College. Both of his parents were teachers, and his father also worked at some point in time as a bank clerk. When Stookey was about 6 years old, the family moved to Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
From 1934 to 1936, Stookey attended Coe College, graduating with his first degree, a liberal arts degree in chemistry and mathematics, magna cum laude. He subsequently enrolled at Lafayette College in Easton, Pennsylvania, in 1937. He received a $1,000 fellowship to cover living expenses and as a teaching laboratory assistant in the chemistry lab. In 1938, he earned his Master of Science degree in chemistry from Lafayette College. At Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, Stookey earned a doctorate in chemistry in 1940. 
Career.
Stookey spent his career at Corning Glass Works, from 1940 to 1987. He conducted research on glass and ceramics, which led to several inventions. Stookey studied and experimented with opal glass and glass ceramics.
One of Stookey's earliest innovations was FotoForm glass. The scientific community recognized its value around 1948. FotoForm glass is used in computer manufacturing and communications technology. A serendipitous invention made by Stookey in 1953 was when he took a piece of FotoForm glass and mistakenly heated it to 900 °C when he meant to heat it to 600 °C. When an oven thermometer was stuck on the higher temperature, Stookey had accidentally created the first glass-ceramic, Fotoceram. It was later known also as Pyroceram. This was the first glass-ceramic and eventually led to the development of CorningWare in 1957. CorningWare went to the consumer marketplace the next year in 1958 for cookware by Corning Glass Works and became just one of Stookey's multimillion-dollar inventions. It influenced the development of VisionWare, which is transparent cookware. VisionWare was patented by Corning Glass Works in 1966.
Pyroceramic glass has the necessary properties to be used by the military for the nose cones of supersonic radar domes in guided missiles applied in defense. It has the special properties of extreme hardness, super strength, resistance to high heat and transparency to radar waves. It is the basis for Gorilla Glass, used in iPhones and other LCD screens.
Stookey also developed photochromic glass, used to make ophthalmic lenses that darken in bright light. These lenses were first available to consumers in the 1960s as sunglasses made by Corning Glass Works. It was a joint discovery and development of Stookey with William Armistead. Stookey also invented photosensitive glass using gold in which permanent colored photographs can be produced.
Organization membership.
Stookey held membership in many professional organizations and societies, including:
Personal life.
Marrying in 1940, he and his wife Ruth raised three children: Robert, Margaret and Donald Bruce, resulting in six grandchildren and eight great-grandchildren. He died in 2014 at age 99.

</doc>
<doc id="6928062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928062" title="Starpace">
Starpace



</doc>
<doc id="6928063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928063" title="Caroline Overdrive">
Caroline Overdrive

Caroline Overdrive was a programming strand which ran on British radio station Radio Caroline in 1986–1987.
Background.
After Caroline's return to the air in 1983 from the "MV Ross Revenge", the station played an eclectic mixture of chart hits, album tracks and golden oldies, but by 1985 the station faced competition from the aggressively commercial Laser 558. Caroline began transmitting a second service on 576 kHz, close to Laser's frequency, broadcasting a more conventional singles-oriented format, while its main frequency of 963 kHz carried the Dutch station Radio Monique by day and sponsored religious programming in the evening under the name "Viewpoint 963". After Laser closed in November 1985 Caroline took over the 558 kHz slot.
During 1985 the 963 kHz transmitter had been used for some nighttime music shows after the end of Viewpoint, most notably Jamming 963, a short run of reggae programmes.
Overdrive.
On January 1, 1986 DJ Tom Anderson, who had been heavily involved with the station's 1983 relaunch, began Caroline Overdrive on the 963 kHz transmitter after the end of Viewpoint. Overdrive carried a wide selection of "alternative" music, the only apparent rule being that it should provide an alternative to the mainstream programming on 558. Presentation was uncluttered, with a minimum of DJ chatter and few jingles. One critic described the service as being similar to a John Peel show except that it ran all night.
Increases in the number of religious programmes meant that as the year progressed the start of Overdrive was pushed back from 8 p.m. to 9 and later 9:30.
Towards the end of 1986 a combination of transmitter maintenance and lack of direct involvement by Anderson meant that Overdrive was frequently off the air. The last Overdrive programme was broadcast in February 1987 under the title "Testing 963", parodying the newly relaunched Laser's test broadcasts. After this no further alternative programming was heard on 963.

</doc>
<doc id="6928065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928065" title="New Zealand Pony Club Association">
New Zealand Pony Club Association



</doc>
<doc id="6928066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928066" title="Graham Bell Island">
Graham Bell Island

Graham Bell Island (, "Ostrov Greem-Bell") is an island in the Franz Josef Archipelago in the Arctic Ocean, and is administratively part of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia.
Geography.
Graham Bell Island is one of the largest islands of the group. It lies east of Wilczek Land, separated from it by a narrow sound known as Morgan Sound (Пролив Моргана; Proliv Morgana). It is also the easternmost island of Franz Josef Land. Cape Kohlsaat, the easternmost point of the archipelago at 81°14′N, 65°10′E, lies on Graham Bell Island's eastern shore. Cape Kohlsaat marks the northwesternmost corner of the Kara Sea and is a significant geographical landmark, and it is partly glacierized.
The highest point of Graham Bell Island, , is the summit of "Kupol Vetrenyy" (Купол Ветреный) "Windy Dome", a large ice dome covering the western part of the island.
This island was named after inventor Alexander Graham Bell. Graham Bell Island should not be confused with the smaller Bell Island which is also part of the Franz Josef Archipelago and is named after the shape, not the person.
History.
Graham Bell Island was discovered on 2 May 1899 by a sledging party of the Wellman expedition composed of , Daniel Johansen, Emil Ellefsen, Olaf Ellefsen, and Paul Bjørvig.
It is home to a Cold War outpost and to the airfield Greem Bell () on the Northeastern end of the island. It is the largest airfield in the archipelago. It has a runway long. Russian cargo and fighter aircraft have regularly landed here since the 1950s. The runway was usable only in the 8 months of the year with sufficiently frozen ground. Before it was shut down, it was also used for tourist helicopter trips around the Russian arctic as a stopover and refueling base. The base was shut down completely in 1994. It began falling into ruins and was subsequently closed to normal visitors. In May 2012, the Russian Air Force announced it would reopen Graham Bell Airfield as part of a series of reopenings of air bases in the Arctic.

</doc>
<doc id="6928069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928069" title="Ostrov Greem-Bell">
Ostrov Greem-Bell



</doc>
<doc id="6928070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928070" title="Gurguljat">
Gurguljat



</doc>
<doc id="6928072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928072" title="Greem-Bell">
Greem-Bell



</doc>
<doc id="6928074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928074" title="Diarmaid mac Cearbhaill">
Diarmaid mac Cearbhaill



</doc>
<doc id="6928076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928076" title="Gurguliat">
Gurguliat



</doc>
<doc id="6928084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928084" title="Kerch Straits">
Kerch Straits



</doc>
<doc id="6928085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928085" title="John Ferris (New Brunswick politician)">
John Ferris (New Brunswick politician)

John Ferris (January 9, 1811 – November 3, 1884) was a New Brunswick businessman, explorer and political figure. He represented Queen's in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal member from 1867 to 1878. His surname also appears as Farris in some sources, such as the 1881 census.
He was born in Cambridge, Queen's County, New Brunswick in early 1811, the son of John Ferris. Ferris was a lumber merchant and farmer. He represented Queen's County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1844 to 1864 and from 1866 to 1867. Ferris died in Cambridge at the age of 73.

</doc>
<doc id="6928086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928086" title="Patrick Hadley">
Patrick Hadley

Patrick Arthur Sheldon Hadley (5 March 1899 – 17 December 1973) was a British composer.
Biography.
Patrick Sheldon Hadley was born on 5 March 1899 in Cambridge. His father, William Sheldon Hadley, was at that time a fellow of Pembroke College. His mother, Edith Jane, was the daughter of the Revd Robert Foster, chaplain to the Royal Hibernian Military School in Dublin.
Patrick attended St Ronan's Preparatory School (in Worthing, Sussex) and Winchester College (in Hampshire). However the First World War interrupted his education. He enlisted in the army and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Royal Field Artillery. He managed to survive unscathed until the last weeks of the war, when he received an injury necessitating the below-knee amputation of his right leg. This profoundly damaged his confidence and also caused him to perhaps drink more than was wise; he was in constant pain, for which alcohol provided some relief.
Patrick's elder brother Peyton Sheldon Hadley, a former pupil of Charterhouse School, who served in the infantry, was also wounded in the closing months of the War. He was invalided home to convalesce, but died of pneumonia that October. A memorial to Peyton is found in the Charterhouse School Chapel.
After the war Patrick went up to Pembroke College, Cambridge, where by now his father was Master. He was fortunate to study with both Charles Wood and the English composer Cyril Rootham. Hadley was awarded B.Mus. in 1922, and an MA in 1925. He then went to the Royal College of Music in London. Here he came under the influence of Ralph Vaughan Williams for composition and Adrian Boult and Malcolm Sargent for conducting. Eric Weatherell notes that Hadley's contemporaries at the RCM included Constant Lambert and Gordon Jacob. He won the Sullivan prize for composition: at that time the sum of 5 shillings.
He became a member of the RCM staff in 1925 and taught composition. He became acquainted with Frederick Delius (Eric Fenby describes the role played by Hadley in recovering the long-lost score of Delius's early opera "Koanga"), Ernest John Moeran, Sir Arnold Bax, William Walton, Alan Rawsthorne, and Herbert Howells.
During 1937–38, Hadley assisted his friend and former teacher Cyril Rootham (by then terminally ill) in completing his Second Symphony. Acting as amanuensis, Hadley and others took dictation and transcribed the entire sketch for the symphony and the orchestration of the first two movements. At Rootham's request, Hadley also completed the orchestration of the final movement after the composer's death in March 1938.
In 1938 Hadley was elected to a Fellowship at Gonville and Caius College in Cambridge and appointed as a lecturer in the music faculty. Much of his time was spent in mundane administrative activities, but there was still time available for composition. Some of his greatest works were written during and after the war.
During the Second World War he deputised for Boris Ord as conductor and musical director of the Cambridge University Music Society. There he introduced a number of important works, including Delius' "Appalachia" and "A Song of the High Hills". He was keen to promote a wide range of music, including the formation of a Gilbert and Sullivan Society. Much of his time was spent in making arrangements for the use of the males in the choir. Sadly, few of these have survived. We know them only from programme notes and hearsay.
In 1946, he was elected to the Chair of Music at Cambridge University. He retained this post until his retirement in 1962. Some of the students taught by Hadley included Raymond Leppard, Sir David Lumsden, Patrick Gowers, Sir Philip Ledger, Peter le Huray and Richard Hey Lloyd.
In 1962, Hadley retired to Heacham in Norfolk, living in Shalcross, Wilton Road. He wished to pursue his interest in folk song collection. However, he latterly struggled with throat cancer and this caused many of his activities to be suspended. Patrick Hadley died, aged 74, on 17 December 1973 at King's Lynn.
Music.
Patrick Hadley was influenced by the music of Frederick Delius and also to a certain extent folk music. But there were other non-musical influences in his life too: Ireland and Norfolk gave him a profound sense of landscape and location. His output was limited. He found the business of composing quite exhausting. Most people think of Hadley as composer of one or two church anthems: "I Sing of a Maiden" and the mildly exotic "My Beloved spake". The catalogue shows a wide variety of musical forms: from a symphonic ballad to incidental music for "Twelfth Night". However, there are no cycles of symphonies, concertos, or string quartets. He maintained throughout his a career a sense of the lyrical. Not for him was the experimental music of the Second Vienna School. He had an exceptional understanding of how to set words to music. Much of his music is meditative and quite inward looking.
As noted by Bernard Benoliel, in many ways Hadley is a link between Vaughan Williams and Benjamin Britten. For example, the first movement of "The Trees so High" anticipates in some respects the opening movement of Vaughan Williams's Fifth Symphony, while the 'Taxal Woods' scene from "The Hills" has a sparely atmospheric, Britten-like quality. Hadley was not so drawn into the folk song revival as Vaughan Williams, though much of his music has subtle folk characteristics.
Many of the shorter works in the composer's output, such as anthems for liturgical use, were connected with the choir of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. He also made a number of arrangements of works in many different genres, from Verdi's "Stabat Mater" to "Waltzing Matilda".

</doc>
<doc id="6928088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928088" title="Artful Dodger (disambiguation)">
Artful Dodger (disambiguation)

Artful Dodger is a character from the 1838 Charles Dickens novel "Oliver Twist".
Artful Dodger may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6928090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928090" title="Adigeni Municipality">
Adigeni Municipality

Adigeni () is a municipality in Georgia's southern region of Samtskhe-Javakheti. Covering an area of about . As of 2021 it had a population of 16,092 people. The borough ("daba") Adigeni is its administrative centre.
Administrative divisions.
Adigeni municipality is administratively divided into two boroughs (Adigeni and Abastumani), 18 communities (თემი, temi), and 55 villages (სოფელი, sopeli).
Politics.
Adigeni Municipal Assembly (Georgian: ადიგენის საკრებულო) is the representative body in Adigeni Municipality, consisting of 33 members which is elected every four years. The last election was held in October 2021. Gocha Qimadze of Georgian Dream was elected mayor and the ruling Georgian Dream remained a dominant force in Adigeni.
Population.
By the start of 2021 the population was determined at 16,092 people, a slight decrease compared to the 2014 census. The population density of the municipality is .
The population of Adigeni is practically monoethnic Georgian. By far the largest ethnic minority are the Armenians (almost 400, 2.2%) who mainly live in Abastumani and make up 18% of the population there. Other minorities are several dozen Russians and a few Azerbaijanis, Ossetes, Ukrainians, Abkhazians and Pontic Greeks. Furthermore, 67.7% of the population consists of followers of the Georgian Orthodox Church and 20.1% is Muslim. Another large group by Georgian standards are the Catholics (10%). Furthermore, there are small numbers of followers of the Armenian Apostolic Church and Jehovah's Witnesses.
In November 1944, the Meskhetian Turks, a Turkish-speaking ethnic group of predominantly Muslim faith living in this area, were deported to Soviet Central Asian republics as part of a Stalinist resettlement operation. At that time, the Meskhetians constituted three quarters of the population of the rajon Adigeni (1939: 32,923 of the 41,314 inhabitants). Attempts to return them to independent Georgia have failed, with local resistance.

</doc>
<doc id="6928091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928091" title="Slap Bang with Ant &amp; Dec">
Slap Bang with Ant &amp; Dec

Slap Bang with Ant &amp; Dec was a short lived television programme that was shown in the United Kingdom on ITV in 2001.
History.
It was presented by Ant &amp; Dec. The show ran for 6 episodes (shown weekly, on Saturdays). The title is "Slap Bang" because, as Dec put it, "it happens slap bang in the middle of your weekend." During the course of the series the rating continued to drop to 2.9 million on its final airing. ITV said they had been happy with Ant and Dec's first venture into prime time TV.
It was later acknowledged that the pair had a second series with 18 episodes guaranteed written into their contract.
Segments.
"Beers".
Each episode featured, among other things, a brief sketch of a show called "Beers", a parody of "Cheers", centred on a pub. "Beers" opened with a depressing song:
The sequence of images accompanying this song ended with a sign being held up saying, "We lose".
"Beers" was similar to "Chums", a parody of "Friends" that appeared on "SMTV Live", and also featured Ant &amp; Dec. They were similar in the respect that each began with a phrase of the form, "Beers/Chums is filmed ...", e.g. "Chums is filmed - why?" However, "Beers" lacked the cliffhangers of "Chums".
"Challenge Ant".
Carrying over from SMTV Live, each episode featured a chosen member from the audience asking Ant questions. Each one Ant got wrong earned the contestant a prize. The audience member could then gamble all their winnings on one final question, winning a bonus if Ant gave an incorrect answer. If Ant gave the correct answer, the contestant walked home with nothing.
Loose Change Lottery.
The audience members all, if they wished, contributed loose change into a bucket prior to the show, and were each given a number. At the end of the show, whoever's number Dec drew out of a spinning drum won the whole jackpot.
Formula 6 1/2.
In F6½, the contestants were in pedal go karts and were all around six-and-a-half years old. Dec played Grim Rosenthal and Ant played a different variation on Murray Walker every week: Murray Babywalker, Murray Sleepwalker, Murray Skywalker (complete with lightsabre), Murray Tightropewalker, Murray Speedwalker ("And look at me go!") etc. The four 'drivers' were called Michael Pre-school-macher, Teddy Irvine, Johnny Sherbet and Jenson Chocolate Button. They all got to go to the British Grand Prix and meet their real-life counterparts, while Ant &amp; Dec were guests on ITV's coverage, where Jim Rosenthal had a go at them about the Grim Rosenthal character ("I'm deeply upset. You got my hairstyle wrong!")
Viewers at home who answered a phone-in question correctly could win a prize if the driver they chose to sponsor won the race.
Cher and Cher Alike/The Witch Blair Project.
One person was plucked out of the audience and asked to identify which of three hairstyles on the big screen was sported by Cher at some point during her career. After five out of the series' six episodes, they ran out of hair styles but, rather than make up a new game, they simply re-titled it The Which Blair Project, and asked the contestant to guess which hairstyle belonged to a young Tony Blair. If the audience champion (as Dec called them) got it right, the entire audience won a prize such as free video rental, free music vouchers, etc.
In the Blair game, the two hairstyles not belonging to Tony Blair belonged to Cherie Blair and former Name That Tune host Lionel Blair.
At Home with the Stars.
This was a comedy segment used to bridge other segments, featuring a star such as Carol Vorderman talking to various people on the phone, all admitting that they can't tell which one is Ant and which one is Dec, in spite of the fact the pair follow the 180-degree rule; all TV appearances and publicity photos have Ant on the left and Dec on the right. This was referencing all people in real life who couldn't tell the two apart.
Donnelly.
Dec's "chat show within a show" where he'd interview a celebrity guest, often to have Ant or someone else interrupt or make things hard for him, only to make him look more unprofessional in the end. The problems depended on the guest; for instance William Roache, a soap opera actor, made a soap opera out of the whole thing when Ant and Dec kept getting his name wrong. This was evident when he got back up and snapped at Dec after lying on the floor, after Dec appeared to have killed him with a gun.

</doc>
<doc id="6928092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928092" title="Mighty Avengers (comics)">
Mighty Avengers (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6928093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928093" title="Saha (Iran aviation)">
Saha (Iran aviation)



</doc>
<doc id="6928094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928094" title="B.Mus.">
B.Mus.



</doc>
<doc id="6928095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928095" title="Seymour Peck">
Seymour Peck

Seymour Peck (August 23, 1917 — January 1, 1985) was an American journalist. He is well known for his testimony before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee. He was married to Susan Peck and they lived together for more than 25 years in Hastings-on-Hudson, New York.
Work at "The New York Times".
Seymour Peck was hired by "The New York Times" in 1952. He held several positions including deskman for the "New York Times Sunday Magazine".
Peck's Communist affiliation.
Seymour Peck was forced to testify before the Senate when the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee subpoenaed him in Nov. 1955. The subpoena followed up testimony from journalist Winston Burdett in July of that year. Once on the stand Peck admitted his own involvement with the Communist Party from 1935 to 1949. When pressed by Senators Peck refused to answer questions about the affiliations of other people. He wouldn't name names. Peck a one-time staffer at the defunct Communist leaning "New York Compass" did not claim the protection of the 5th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution when he refused to answer the questions, he simply refused to answer. This, despite repeated warnings that he risked a contempt citation.
In Dec. 1956 Peck was indicted, along with Robert Shelton, William A. Price, and Alden Whitman, for contempt of Congress by a Washington grand jury. Though he was convicted, the conviction was eventually overturned.
Death.
Peck was killed in a car crash on January 1, 1985.
Trivia.
Walter Kerr said of Peck, "Seymour Peck’s editorial hand ranged far, wide and deep, touching lightly but expertly ... He seemed less an editor of any sort than the very best sort of guardian angel", in a January 5, 1985 "The New York Times" article.

</doc>
<doc id="6928096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928096" title="Iran Aircraft Industries">
Iran Aircraft Industries

Iran Aircraft Industries (IACI) or SAHA (صها abbreviated of صنایع هواپیمایی ایران) was established in 1961 mainly for major repair of fighter, passenger, and air support planes. Over time, SAHA became an important part of Iran’s aviation industry. In 1998, Iranian scientists and experts started designing, engineering, and manufacturing complex engine parts, airplane parts, and manufacturing turbine engines like Toloue-4.
SAHA is currently working on turbo prop engines called TV-3 for IrAn-140 planes.
Accomplishments:

</doc>
<doc id="6928100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928100" title="Kurt Nielsen (footballer)">
Kurt Nielsen (footballer)

Kurt Børge Nikolaj "Nikkelaj" Nielsen (2 September 1924 – 17 July 1986) was a Danish professional football (soccer) player and manager, who most prominently coached the Denmark national team from 1976 to 1979.
He started his career for Danish club Skovshoved IF, before he moved abroad to play professionally for French clubs Olympique de Marseille and AS Aix. He played three matches and scored three goals for the Denmark national team during 1952 and 1953, before his professional career hindered further games. Following his retirement in 1956, Nikkelaj coached a number of Danish clubs, before he was appointed Denmark national team manager in 1976. He coached Denmark to 13 wins in his 31 games in charge, but did not manage to qualify Denmark for any major tournaments.

</doc>
<doc id="6928105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928105" title="Sideshow (disambiguation)">
Sideshow (disambiguation)

A sideshow is an extra, secondary production associated with a circus, carnival or fair etc.
Sideshow or Side Show may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6928106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928106" title="Banksia lullfitzii">
Banksia lullfitzii

Banksia lullfitzii is a species of shrub that is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It has linear leaves with widely-spaced, sharply-pointed teeth on the sides, golden-orange to orange-brown flowers, and later, up to thirty follicles in each head.
Description.
"Banksia lullfitzii" is a much-branched, often sprawling shrub that typically grows to a height of and forms a lignotuber. It has linear leaves long and wide on a petiole long with widely-shaped, sharply-pointed teeth on the sides. The flowers are arranged in an oval to cylindrical head long and wide when the flowers open. The flowers are golden-orange to orange-brown with the perianth long and a curved pistil long. Flowering occurs from March to May and up to thirty follicles develop in each head but partly hidden by the remains of the flowers. The follicles are elliptical, long, high and wide.
Taxonomy and naming.
First described by Charles Gardner in 1966, "B. lullfitzii" was named in honour of nurseryman Fred Lullfitz. The description was published in "The Western Australian Naturalist" from a specimen collected by Gardner near Southern Cross.
In his 1981 paper, "The genus Banksia L.f. (Proteaceae)", Alex George placed "B. lullfitzii" in the series "Cyrtostylis" but a cladistic analysis of "Banksia" by Kevin Thiele and Pauline Ladiges published in 1996 found "Banksia" ser. "Cyrtostylis" to be "widely polyphyletic", and suggested that "B. lullfitzii" should be divided into three series. However this was not accepted by Alex George who confirmed its placement in series "Cyrtostylis" in the "Flora of Australia" published in 1999.
Distribution and habitat.
"Banksia lullfitzii" is known from a small number of scattered populations that occur north of Esperance as far as Koolyanobbing. These occur on deep yellow sands in heath or mallee-heath. Although not many populations are known, the species is not considered under threat, as the area has poor access and is very poorly surveyed, making it likely that the species is under-recorded. Also, a significant proportion of known populations occur in nature reserves such as the Boorabbin National Park, and the area's low rainfall makes it unlikely that the unprotected land will be cleared for agriculture.
Conservation status.
This banksia is classified as "Priority Three" by the Government of Western Australia Department of Parks and Wildlife meaning that it is poorly known and known from only a few locations but is not under imminent threat.
Use in horticulture.
Seeds do not require any treatment, and take around 26 days to germinate.

</doc>
<doc id="6928109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928109" title="Seasons in english football">
Seasons in english football



</doc>
<doc id="6928112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928112" title="Ivan Živanović (footballer, born 1981)">
Ivan Živanović (footballer, born 1981)

Ivan Živanović (; born 10 December 1981) is a Serbian former football defender.
Živanović made one appearance in the Coppa Italia while playing for Sampdoria in the 2006–07 season.

</doc>
<doc id="6928117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928117" title="Wu Ming Foundation">
Wu Ming Foundation



</doc>
<doc id="6928118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928118" title="Norman Braman">
Norman Braman

Norman Braman (born August 23, 1932) is an American billionaire car dealer, art collector, and former owner of the Philadelphia Eagles.
Early life and education.
Braman was born in 1932 in West Chester, Pennsylvania, and grew up in the Cobbs Creek section of Philadelphia, where his father owned a barbershop. Braman's parents were Jewish immigrants from Europe. His Romanian-born mother was a seamstress and his Polish father a barber. Braman was a water boy in his teenage years at the Eagles training camp, which was then in Hershey, Pennsylvania. During the season, he would sneak into Shibe Park to watch the team play. Braman attended West Philadelphia High School and graduated from Temple University in 1955 with a degree in business administration.
Career.
Braman began his career as a market research analyst for Seagram's Distributors in 1955. A few years later he took an executive position at Bargaintown U.S.A., a company owned by his father-in-law, in Lebanon, Pennsylvania. The business eventually became Keystone Discount Stores, a chain of self-service variety stores in the Philadelphia area. In the mid-1960s he spearheaded a merger between Keystone and Philadelphia Laboratories to create Philadelphia Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics. Braman was appointed president and CEO of the new company. Acquisitions under his tenure at PP&amp;C included Vitamix Pharmaceuticals, F.A. Martin and Company, and U.S. Cocoa Corporation. Braman stepped down from his position at Philadelphia Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics in 1969 to pursue other interests.
Braman got his start in the automobile business in 1972 when he acquired controlling interest of Sharpe-Taylor Cadillac in Tampa, Florida. During these early years, Braman was mentored by well-known car dealer and fellow Philadelphia native Victor Potamkin. In 1975, Braman bought the former Nolan Brown Cadillac in Miami, Florida. The following year, Braman took on his first import brands with the purchase of BMW and Rolls-Royce dealership C.R. Berry Motors and moved both franchises next to his Miami Cadillac dealership. By 1980, Braman had Cadillac, BMW, Rolls-Royce, Fiat, Lancia, and Toyota dealerships along the 2000 block of Biscayne Boulevard in Miami.
While continuing to expand his dealership holdings in the South Florida area, Braman also added dealerships in Colorado. Today, Braman serves as chairman of Braman Management, an umbrella company for his automotive businesses that include dealerships in Florida and Colorado selling Acura, Audi, Bentley, BMW, Bugatti, Cadillac, Genesis, Honda, Hyundai, Kia, Mercedes-Benz, MINI, Porsche and Rolls-Royce.
In addition to his retail automotive businesses, Braman had majority ownership of Austin Rover Cars of North America (ARCONA), the distributorship for Sterling automobiles imported to the United States starting in 1987. The company's name was changed to Sterling Motor Cars in 1989 and closed in 1991 after sales of the Rover 800-based Sterling 825/827 models failed to meet expectations.
According to "Forbes" in July 2022, Braman has a net worth of US$2.6 billion.
Philadelphia Eagles.
Braman and his brother-in-law, Ed Leibowitz, became owners of the Philadelphia Eagles in April 1985 having acquired them from Leonard Tose for a reported $65 million. Initially, Braman owned 65% of the team while Leibowitz owned 35%. In July 1986, Braman bought out Leibowitz's interest. During Braman's ownership, the Eagles made playoff appearances in 1988, 1989, 1990 and 1992. They were NFC East division champions in 1988. Despite the talent of the team, which at one time included players such as Keith Jackson, Reggie White, Eric Allen, and Seth Joyner, the Eagles failed to reach the Super Bowl with Braman as an owner. The 1993 offseason saw him allow free agents to leave to sign with other teams, with White signing a four-year deal with the Green Bay Packers (days later, the Eagles signed Tim Harris to a three-year, $4.7 million deal), with White later remarking he wished could've had the opportunity to retire in Philadelphia. Joyner once described Braman as only concerned with money rather than winning.
It was Braman that elected to fire Buddy Ryan in January 1991 and replace him with offensive coordinator Rich Kotite (who Joyner once described as a "puppet" for Braman), reportedly in part because quarterback Randall Cunningham lobbied Braman for it (the only other candidate considered by Braman was defensive coordinator Jeff Fisher). As early as 1987, Braman had thought of firing Ryan (who he chose over candidates David Shula and Jim Mora) due to his uncompromising nature as a coach with total roster control, particularly as Ryan backed the players in the strike that year while focusing little on constructing the replacement player roster that proceeded to go 0–3. When Braman announced the move to fire Ryan in 1991, he stated, "It is time to stop being a bridesmaid and become a bride." Notably, Braman charged players for the equipment they wore (whereas other teams simply gave it to players for free), which went with high team profits at the expense of marginal spending on training camp or scouting.
On April 6, 1994, Braman agreed to sell the team to a group led by movie producer Jeffrey Lurie. The reported selling price was $185 million, a record for a sports team franchise at that time. Never a fulltime resident in Philadelphia, Braman remarked at the time of the announcement, "I live in Miami and traveling the 16 weeks in the fall -- well, there's more to life than the National Football League."
Politics.
Ronald Reagan nominated Braman to lead Immigration and Naturalization Services in September 1981. In November 1981, before Senatorial hearings began, Braman withdrew his nomination, citing the need to focus on his businesses.
He financially supported a recall election against Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez because of a huge property tax increase and pay hikes to Alvarez's top staffers. On March 15, 2011, close to 90% of those that turned out to vote that day in Miami-Dade County, voted to recall the mayor. It is believed to be one of the most lopsided recall elections in the history of American elections.
In 2012, Braman established political groups to campaign against four incumbent Miami-Dade County commissioners with $440,000 in funding, focusing on the commissioners' support for the controversial Marlins Park project and a property tax hike in 2010.
Braman was a supporter of Marco Rubio, and was considering spending anywhere between 10 million to 25 million in support of his 2016 presidential campaign. According to the acknowledgements in his autobiography, Rubio has thanked Braman for being a supporter, and Braman has employed at one time or another Marco Rubio's wife, Jeanette Dousdebes Rubio, at the Braman family's charitable foundation.
Philanthropy.
Braman and his wife, Irma, established the Norman and Irma Braman Family Foundation, which primarily helps fund medical and educational projects throughout the world.
Braman, an art collector, also serves as president of the Irma and Norman Braman Art Foundation, which supports the arts and culture in and around the Miami area.
Personal life.
Braman is married to Irma Braman (née Miller). They have two daughters: Debra Wechsler and Suzi Lustgarten.

</doc>
<doc id="6928120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928120" title="1941 in the United Kingdom">
1941 in the United Kingdom

 
Events from the year 1941 in the United Kingdom. The year was dominated by the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="6928126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928126" title="ATM-74 mine">
ATM-74 mine

The ATM-74 is a North Korean wooden box mine, it is a copy of the Soviet TMD-B. It is a wooden box packed with blocks of TNT, the top of the mine has three planks of wood underneath the central plank is a pressure fuze similar to Soviet MV-5 pressure fuze.

</doc>
<doc id="6928131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928131" title="United (dream evil album)">
United (dream evil album)



</doc>
<doc id="6928133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928133" title="Hadassa Ben-Itto">
Hadassa Ben-Itto

Hadassa Ben-Itto (; May 16, 1926 – April 15, 2018) was an Israeli author and jurist. She was best known for her bestselling book "The Lie That Wouldn't Die: The Protocols of the Elders of Zion".
Biography.
Ben-Itto was born on May 16, 1926, in Brzeziny, Poland, to David Lipmanowicz (1904–1994) and Dvora Broder (1906–1988), both natives of Brzeziny. Her father worked as a building contractor. The family immigrated to Mandate Palestine in 1935, where another daughter, Nira, was born in 1937. Ben-Itto graduated from the Ma'aleh religious high school in Jerusalem and was an officer in the Israeli army during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War. She married Gershon Ben-Itto (born 1920) in 1950 and had a daughter, Orly, in 1957. The couple divorced in 1982.
After the 1948 war, Ben-Itto studied history, psychology and English literature at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. She earned her law degree at Tel Aviv University in 1954 and took post-graduate courses in law and criminology at Northwestern University of Chicago and the University of Denver. She was admitted to the Israel Bar Association 1955. For the next five years, she worked as a lawyer in private practice, specializing in criminal law. Ben-Itto was appointed as a judge in Tel Aviv Magistrates' Court in 1960. In 1970 she moved to the Tel Aviv District Court. Between 1971 and 1974 she also taught criminal law at the Bar-Ilan University law school. While conducting a bank robbery trial in July 1980, she survived a bombing attack on her home, which may have been related to the trial. In 1980 she was appointed acting judge in the Israeli Supreme Court, and in 1988 became deputy president of the Tel Aviv District Court. She took early retirement from the court in 1991 in order to write her book, "The Lie That Wouldn't Die: The Protocols of the Elders of Zion".
Committees and commissions.
During her tenure as a judge, Ben-Itto was appointed to head several government committees, including a committee on prostitution in Israel convened by the Ministry of Justice and a committee on patient rights convened by the Ministry of Health. She was a member of committees dealing with prison reform, probation, and patient rights. In 1965 and 1975 she was a member of Israel's delegation to the United Nations General Assembly, holding the temporary rank of ambassador. She also represented Israel at international events, including the 1982 UNESCO Conference on Human Rights in Paris. From 1988 to 2004, she served as president of the International Association of Jewish Lawyers and Jurists. In 2004 she was elected honorary president, as well as head of a committee to combat antisemitism.
From 1998 to 2002, Ben-Itto was one of the 17 international arbiters (and only woman) on the Claims Resolution Tribunal in Zurich, which adjudicated claims against Swiss banks on behalf of Jewish depositors killed in the Holocaust. She was the winner of the 1999 Zeltner Prize for outstanding Israeli jurists, and a 2003 citation of merit by the Israel Bar Association.
"The Lie That Wouldn't Die".
Ben-Itto began to research "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion" during her years on the bench, using her free time and court vacations to peruse the topic in footnoted academic studies. She found that not only was the subject little-known by Jews at large, but that historical and modern-day antisemitism draws from the Protocols. Desiring to write a book for the general public, she took early retirement in 1991 and spent six years writing "The Lie That Wouldn't Die: The Protocols of the Elders of Zion".
The book was published in Hebrew in 1998 and has since been translated into ten languages, including German, Russian, Dutch, Hungarian, Romanian, Bulgarian, Spanish, English, Arabic and Persian.
With a flair for courtroom drama, Ben-Itto centers the book on the 1934 trial in Bern, Switzerland, where the local Jewish community took the local Nazi party to court for publishing the "Protocols". While the lower court judge ruled that the Protocols was a work of plagiarism and constituted indecent literature, an appeals court threw out the claim of obscenity while agreeing with the lower court that the Protocols was "absolutely unjustified and outrageous insults and defamation".
Later life and death.
After the publication of her book, Ben-Itto would frequently speak and write about the relationship between antisemitism and current events, such as the 2006 Lebanon War and the Arab world protests of 2010–2011.
Ben-Itto died on April 15, 2018, in Jerusalem, at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="6928140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928140" title="HMS Dauntless (D33)">
HMS Dauntless (D33)

HMS "Dauntless" is the second ship of the Type 45 or "Daring"-class air-defence destroyers built for the British Royal Navy. She is currently under the command of Commander Ben Dorrington. She was launched at Govan in January 2007, was handed over to the Royal Navy on 3 December 2009 and was formally commissioned on 3 June 2010.
Construction.
"Dauntless"s construction began at the BAE Systems Naval Ships yard at Govan in August 2004 on the River Clyde. She was launched on 23 January 2007 at 3.25 pm by Lady Burnell-Nugent, wife of Admiral Sir James Burnell-Nugent, the then-Commander-in-Chief Fleet. "Dauntless" is the adopted warship of Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Because her modules were put together outside at BAE Govan, it was possible to complete more of her structure than her sister ship, "Daring", which was launched from the covered facility at Scotstoun the previous year.
Sea trials.
Upon completing her fitting out stage, HMS "Dauntless" sailed from the Clyde for the first time on 14 November 2008 to conduct sea trials, testing power and propulsion, weapons and communications systems. Although not yet transferred to the Royal Navy, some of her future crew sailed with her. "Dauntless" arrived at HMNB Portsmouth for the first time on 2 December 2009, and was formally handed over to the Ministry of Defence by her builders on 3 December 2009. During her sea trials "Dauntless" made her inaugural visit to her affiliated city of Newcastle upon Tyne in May 2010.
Operational history.
"Dauntless" was commissioned on 3 June 2010 in the presence of her sponsor. The MoD confirmed on 1 October 2010 that she had completed the first Sea Viper firing on a Hebridean firing range earlier in the week, and the ship was accepted into service on 16 November the same year.
In May 2011, "Dauntless" took part in Exercise Saxon Warrior in the Western Approaches, culminating in a so-called 'Thursday War'.
In June 2011, "Dauntless" sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to Norfolk, Virginia, to take part in the FRUKUS war game exercises between Russia, France, the United States and the United Kingdom. En route in the Atlantic she rendezvoused and conducted manoeuvres with the , which was also heading for the FRUKUS exercises, conducting cross helicopter exercises which saw "Dauntless" two Lynx helicopters land on the "Admiral Chabanenko". The deployment was the first time that two Lynxs had been deployed aboard a Type 45 destroyer.
In September 2011, "Dauntless" was the first of the Type 45 destroyers to visit London and berthed opposite London City Airport for the Defence and Security Equipment International event.
On 25 November 2011, HMS "Dauntless" hosted Abdullah Gül, President of the Republic of Turkey.
In January 2012, it was announced that "Dauntless" would deploy to the South Atlantic to replace which was stationed around the Falkland Islands. The deployment was condemned by the government of Argentina, which claimed that the deployment represented a "militarization of the South Atlantic", despite the replacement representing only a modest increase in fighting capacity.
Between 2011 and 2012 she was commanded by Captain William Warrender.
In 2015, "Dauntless" re-sailed for the Middle East after a short delay, with a plan to take part in the centenary of the Gallipoli Campaign. She conducted anti-piracy patrols, as well as provide escort to U.S. Navy aircraft carrier which is involved in airstrikes against ISIL. In November 2015, she participated with other NATO air defence ships in an "At Sea Demonstration", focusing on anti-ballistic missile warfare.
In April 2016, "The Independent" stated that the vessel had been relegated to use as a training ship due to manpower and technical shortages, although this was disputed by the MOD at the time. Her status as an engineering training ship pending entering refit was confirmed in June 2016.
In 2019 "Dauntless" underwent a regeneration refit in Portsmouth before sailing to Birkenhead in May 2020 as the first Type 45 to have new generators fitted under the Power Improvement Project, work undertaken by Camel Laird, as subcontactor to BAE Systems. She left the shipyard on 14 June 2022 upon completion of the refit, and put to sea for the first time in two years.
In May 2023, the destroyer deployed to the Caribbean for six months, taking over guardship duties there from which had temporarily deployed to the South Atlantic. In September, the destroyer was involved in multiple operations that seized more than a tonne of cocaine from drug smugglers, worth over 200 million pounds. In September the destroyer also visited the territories of Anguilla, Montserrat and the British Virgin Islands in order to assist local authorities in preparing for the climax of the hurricane season.
The destroyer entered maintenance in 2023/24 and was reported as likely to be the first ship in her class to be fit with the Naval Strike Missile (NSM). On October 18, 2024, she rejoined the fleet after successfully completing her maintenance cycle, though without NSM having been fit to the ship. In 2025, the destroyer joined the Royal Navy's carrier strike group as part of Operation HIGHMAST in a deployment to the Indo-Pacific region.

</doc>
<doc id="6928143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928143" title="Saha">
Saha

Saha may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="6928144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928144" title="Smikros">
Smikros

Smikros (a name meaning "small") was an ancient Greek vase painter who flourished in Athens between 510 and 500 BCE. He was active in the workshop of Euphronios. Along with Euphronios, Euthymides, Hypsis and the Dikaios painter, Smikros was one of the most important representatives of the so-called Pioneer Group of Athenian red figure vase painting.
There are three signed vases from Smikros. John Beazley called him an imitator of Euphronios. It is possible that Smikros cooperated in some late and not completely successful vases, which are assigned to Euphronios. On one psykter in the Hermitage (St Petersburg), Euphronios has a female figure with the inscription "Smikra" provided, which could be understood to be a reference to his pupil. Another amphora seems to belong to Smikros, which suggests possibly a co-operation between both artists. Smikros might also have decorated another stamnos and two pelikai assigned to him.
Beazley called Smikros a bad draughtsman. This is, however, only in comparison with the other members of the Pioneer Group. At that time, red figure vase painting was still in its infancy and the pioneers were still vigorously experimenting. A lack of ingenuity with the picture composition can be seen. His designs are precise, yet become inaccurate in his representation of such details as ears, fingers and dress. 
Guy Hedreen (2016) supposed that Smikros is not a real vase-painter but a fictitious creation by Euphronios.

</doc>
<doc id="6928157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928157" title="State Route 65 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 65 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6928158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928158" title="RADVision">
RADVision



</doc>
<doc id="6928160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928160" title="State Route 65 (Virginia 1940-1943)">
State Route 65 (Virginia 1940-1943)



</doc>
<doc id="6928162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928162" title="Clan Forrester">
Clan Forrester

The Forresters are an ancient and noble clan of the Scottish Lowlands.
The clan took their name from their ancient role as guardians of the royal forest. The Forresters had significant holdings in Lothian, and Stirlingshire. The clan does not currently have a chief and is therefore considered an armigerous clan.
The clan is likely related to the English Forrester´s of Etherstone and later Forster´s of Bamburgh, sharing the same bugle-horned arms.
The original "caput" of the clan is believed to have been Torwood Castle in Stirlingshire, as well as Corstorphine Castle on the outskirts of Edinburgh. Many clan chiefs and Lord's Forrester are interred in Corstorphine Church.
History.
Origins of the clan.
It is possible that the chiefs of Clan Forrester were of Celtic origin, descending from Marnin the Forrester who in about 1200 held lands in Dunipace, Stirlingshire. The chiefs may also have English origin through the Forresters of Adderstone. 
The founder of the clan is generally regarded as Sir Adam Forrester, 1st of Corstorphine who was an ambassador, merchant, Provost of Edinburgh, Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland and Deputy Chamberlain of Scotland. In 1376 he acquired the estate of Corstorphine in Midlothian which is now part of Edinburgh. It was here that Corstorphine Castle (now demolished) stood as well as the Collegiate church of Corstorphine, which has the effigies of three of the Forrester chiefs.
Sir Adam Forrester's son, Sir John Forrester the elder, was also Keeper of the Great Seal of Scotland and Chamberlain of Scotland. He was also Keeper of the Household to James I of Scotland. According to historian Alexander Mackenzie, a historic manuscript states that Gerse or Grace, sister of Sir John Forrester of Corstorphine, married Robert de Munro, 8th Baron of Foulis.
Wars of Scottish Independence.
During the Wars of Scottish Independence Forresters fought at the Battle of Halidon Hill in 1333. They also fought at the Battle of Sauchieburn in the 15th century.
16th century and Anglo-Scottish Wars.
The chief's family had several landed cadet branches. Amongst them was Sir John Forrester of Niddry who died at the Battle of Flodden in 1513.
There was a Stirlingshire branch of the clan, the Forresters of Garden who were heritable keepers of the Torwood (a Royal forest and hunting ground). They owned the barony of Garden as well as Torwood and the ruins of Torwood Castle still stand. Sir Duncan Forrester, 1st of Torwood was Comptroller of the Royal Household for James IV of Scotland. No fewer than eight Forresters of Torwood were Provosts of Stirling burgh.
Sir James Forrester, seventh chief of Clan Forrester was killed at the Battle of Pinkie Cleugh in 1547, as was Sir David Forrester, 4th of the Torwood branch of the clan.
A cadet of the Forresters of Garden was the first of the Fifeshire Chieftains, the Forresters of Strathendry. The Forresters of Strathendry built Strathendry Castle, a 16th-century tower house where both Mary, Queen of Scots and Oliver Cromwell stayed. It is the only Forrester stronghold that is still inhabited today.
17th century and Civil War.
Sir George Forrester, tenth chief of Clan Forrester was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia in 1633, however when he died the baronetcy became dormant and still awaits a claimant. James and William Baillie who were the sons-in-law of the first Lord Forrester assumed the name and arms of Forrester and inherited the title under a re-grant of the peerage. James was a royalist and was fined by Oliver Cromwell with his estates becoming burdened in debt. In 1679 he was murdered by his mistress, Mrs Christian Nimmo and his brother who was mad then inherited the title.
18th century and Jacobite risings.
Colonel George Forrester, the fifth Lord Forrester who was in the Grenadier and Life Guards fought under the Duke of Marlborough against the French at the Battle of Oudenarde in 1708 and the Battle of Malplaquet in 1709. During the Jacobite rising of 1715 he was wounded at the Battle of Preston (1715). Eventually the male line died out and the title descended through an heiress to the Earls of Verulam.
In France.
Two cadet branches of the chief's family in Normandy, France are Le Forestier du Buisson Sainte-Marguerite and Le Forestier de Foucrainville who descend from Sir Adam Forrester of the 14th century. As of 1994 the head of these French branches is M. Jean Le Forrester. The Le Forestier cadets fought at the Battle of Ivry in France in 1590.
Chief.
The Lords Forrester had for a long time been the recognized chiefs of Clan Forrester. The potential chief is therefore Sir John Duncan Grimston, Baronet, seventh Earl Verulam, sixteenth Lord Forrester of Corstorpine and patron of the Clan Forrester, although he would have to assume the surname of Forrester to become the chief.

</doc>
<doc id="6928166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928166" title="Lancashire Landing Cemetery">
Lancashire Landing Cemetery

Lancashire Landing Cemetery is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemetery located on the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey. It contains the graves of some of the Allied troops killed during the Battle of Gallipoli.
It is located 500 metres inland from W Beach on Karaja Oghul Tepe (which the invading troops called Hill 114) just west of Cape Helles. Most of the cemetery was laid out between the landing in April 1915 and the evacuation in January 1916. Additional graves were moved into it from the Aegean islands after the Armistice.
Buried at the cemetery are Victoria Cross recipient, William Kenealy, two graves from the Zion Mule Corps, and 17 Greek graves. 135 of the burials are unidentified, but memorials commemorate ten of people known to be buried among them.

</doc>
<doc id="6928174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928174" title="Pancratius Church">
Pancratius Church



</doc>
<doc id="6928178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928178" title="Kotlassky District">
Kotlassky District

Kotlassky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Kotlassky Municipal District. It is located in the southeast of the oblast and borders with Krasnoborsky District in the north, Lensky District in the northeast, Vilegodsky District in the east, Luzsky District of Kirov Oblast and Velikoustyugsky District of Vologda Oblast in the south, and with Ustyansky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Kotlas (which is not administratively a part of the district). Population: 
Geography.
The district is located on both banks of the Northern Dvina and its main right tributary, the Vychegda. The Northern Dvina and the Vychegda divide the district into three comparably sized areas.
A major part of the district belongs to the basins of the Northern Dvina and the Vychegda, including such major tributaries of the Northern Dvina as the Ustya (left) and the Uftyuga (right). The rivers in the southeastern corner of the district (i. e., areas south of the town of Koryazhma) drain into the Lala, a tributary of the Luza, in the basin of the Yug.
Almost the whole territory of the district is covered by coniferous forests (taiga).
History.
The area in general was populated by speakers of Uralic languages and then colonized by the Novgorod Republic. Solvychegodsk was founded in the 14th century. After the fall of Novgorod, the area became a part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow.
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was included into Archangelgorod Governorate, and Solvychegodsk was designated as one of the cities. In 1780, the governorate was abolished and transformed into Vologda Viceroyalty. The latter was abolished in 1796, and the part of it which included Solvychegodsk was made into Vologda Governorate. In 1918, the area was transferred to the newly established Northern Dvina Governorate, and in 1924 the uyezds were abolished in favor of the new divisions, the districts (raions).
Kotlassky District was formed on June 25, 1924 and included areas of former Solvychegodsky and Velikoustyugsky Uyezds. In 1928, it was merged with Solvychegodsky District and in 1931, a part of Krasnoborsky District was appended to Kotlassky District.
In the following years, the district remained in the same borders (with the exception of Solvychegodsky District, which was split out in 1938 and merged back in 1958), but the first-level administrative division of Russia kept changing. In 1929, Northern Dvina Governorate was merged into Northern Krai, which in 1936 was transformed into Northern Oblast. In 1937, Northern Oblast was split into Arkhangelsk Oblast and Vologda Oblast. Kotlassky District remained in Arkhangelsk Oblast ever since.
Administrative and municipal status.
Administrative divisions.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Kotlassky District is one of the twenty-one in the oblast. The town of Kotlas serves as its administrative center, despite being incorporated separately as a town of oblast significance—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. The district is divided into twelve selsoviets, one town of district significance (Solvychegodsk), and two urban-type settlements with jurisdictional territory (Privodino and Shipitsyno). Three other inhabited localities which previously had work settlement status were downgraded to rural status in 2005; these are Cheryomushsky, Kharitonovo, and Udimsky. The following selsoviets have been established (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Municipal divisions.
As a municipal division, the district is incorporated as Kotlassky Municipal District. The town of oblast significance of Kotlas is incorporated separately from the district as Kotlas Urban Okrug. The municipal district is divided into three urban settlements and one rural settlement (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Economy.
Industry.
In 2010, timber industry accounted for 90.3% of the total industrial output of the district.
Agriculture.
In 2010, there were ninety-six farms in the district, producing meat (beef and pork), milk, cereals, and potatoes.
Transportation.
Kotlas is an important railway hub, where the railway to Kirov branches off southeast from the main railway, connecting Konosha and Vorkuta (in the Komi Republic).
The Northern Dvina and the Vychegda Rivers are navigable; there is regular passenger navigation on the Vychegda.
Roads connect Kotlas with Veliky Ustyug (and eventually Vologda and Kostroma) to the south, Syktyvkar to the east, and Krasnoborsk (eventually Arkhangelsk) to the north. There are also local roads. There is regular passenger bus traffic originating from Kotlas.
Privodino has an oil-pumping station in the Baltic Pipeline System.
Culture and recreation.
The district contains nine objects of cultural heritage protected at the federal level (all of them in Solvychegodsk), and additionally fifty-two monuments of history and architecture of local importance (thirty-three of them in Solvychegodsk). Most of these are brickstone churches built prior to 1917. The federal list of cultural heritage includes the following Solvychegodsk ensembles:
The biggest museum in the district, Solvychegodsk Museum of Art and History, is housed in the former Annunciation Cathedral in Solvychegodsk. There is also a small private museum devoted to the fictional author Kozma Prutkov, who, according to the official biography, was born in Solvychegodsk. In the village of Medvedki there is the museum devoted to the Soviet naval officer Nikolay Kuznetsov, who was born in Medvedki and eventually reached the ranks of the Commander-in-Chief of the Naval Forces.
Sport.
It has a youth bandy team called Salyut-Vychegda.

</doc>
<doc id="6928182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928182" title="C'etait un rendez-vous">
C'etait un rendez-vous



</doc>
<doc id="6928183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928183" title="Electrotechnics">
Electrotechnics



</doc>
<doc id="6928189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928189" title="Bernard Mallet">
Bernard Mallet

Sir Bernard Mallet, (17 September 1859 – 28 October 1932) was a British civil servant. He served in three departments: the Treasury 1886–1897, Inland Revenue 1897–1907 and General Register Office from 1907.
Bernard Mallet was the son of Sir Louis Mallet. He was educated at Clifton College and Balliol College, Oxford. He became private secretary to Arthur Balfour. Later, he was Registrar General and President of the Royal Statistical Society from 1916 to 1918. Mallet was prominent in the Eugenics Society and presided over the World Population Conference, held in Geneva in 1927.
Mallet married Marie Adeane, who at various times was a Maid of Honour to Queen Victoria. Bernard and Marie had two sons, one of whom was the diplomat Sir Victor Mallet.

</doc>
<doc id="6928191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928191" title="Peryton (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Peryton (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)



</doc>
<doc id="6928192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928192" title="Neverending Love">
Neverending Love

"Neverending Love" is a song by Swedish pop music duo Roxette, released on 8 July 1986 by EMI as their debut single. The track was originally written in Swedish by Per Gessle, as "Svarta glas" ("Black Glass"), for recording artist Pernilla Wahlgren, who turned it down. However, she offered the song to her brother Niclas Wahlgren, who recorded his own version. The release of his single was cancelled at the request of EMI, when Gessle recorded an English version of the song with Marie Fredriksson.
The single was originally intended to only be released outside of Sweden, as EMI believed it would interfere with Fredriksson's burgeoning solo career. The label eventually changed their minds, and the single went on to peak at number three on the Swedish Singles Chart. The song was later included on the duo's debut album, "Pearls of Passion" (1986). Two music videos were created for the song. The first was shot in Luxembourg in 1986 and features a red-haired Fredriksson. The second was directed by Rikard Petrelius and was shot one year later in Sweden.
Formats and track listings.
All lyrics by Per Gessle; all music by Gessle except "Voices", by Marie Fredriksson and Per Andersson.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Rox Box/Roxette 86–06".
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6928203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928203" title="HMS Diamond (D34)">
HMS Diamond (D34)

HMS "Diamond" is the third ship of the Type 45 or "Daring"-class air-defence guided missile destroyers built for the Royal Navy. She was launched in 2007, and completed her contractor's sea trials and arrived at her base port in 2010. "Diamond" formally entered service in 2011.
It is equipped with a SAMPSON active electronically scanned array multi-function radar system that allows the "Diamond" to track 2,000 threats from over 250 miles away, a Sea Viper missile system that can launch eight missiles in under 10 seconds and can guide up to 16 missiles simultaneously, a Wildcat HMA2 helicopter with Martlet air-to-surface missiles, and a 4.5-inch Mark 8 naval gun.
In December 2023, "Diamond" shot down a suspected attack drone launched from a Houthi-controlled area of Yemen, with a Sea Viper missile, in what the UK Ministry of Defence said was the first time in decades that the Royal Navy had shot an aerial target in anger. On 10 January 2024, the Houthis carried out a more daring attack on US and UK ships. This was a missile barrage, and all the missiles were shot down by "Diamond", , and other naval vessels.
Construction and sea trials.
"Diamond"s construction began at the BAE Systems Naval Ships yard at Govan on the River Clyde in February 2005. She was launched on 27 November 2007.
By July 2010, "Diamond" had been fully fitted out and finished her contractors' sea trials (stage 1 trials). She arrived in her base port of HMNB Portsmouth on 22 September 2010.
Operational service.
2011–19.
"Diamond" was commissioned in a traditional ceremony on 6 May 2011 in her home port of Portsmouth. The ceremony was attended by the ship's sponsor and the Commander-in-Chief Fleet Admiral Sir Trevor Soar. "Diamond" continued undergoing sea trials until she entered operational service in July 2011 after the completion of her trials. The ship conducted operational training before beginning her first overseas deployment. "Diamond" began her deployment in the summer of 2012, starting with celebrations to mark the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II.
"Diamond" was in the Middle East Area of Operations in 2012. During Operation Recsyr in February 2014, she escorted carrying chemical agents from Syria.
On 8 May 2017, "Diamond" performed a demonstration firing of an Aster 30 missile off the coast of Scotland.
On 4 September 2017, "Diamond" sailed for a 9-month deployment to the Middle East. Initially scheduled to relieve , she was diverted to take over as the flagship of Standing NATO Maritime Group 2 from sister-ship when her intended relief, was redeployed to provide relief to British Overseas Territories in the Caribbean in the wake of Hurricane Irma.
"Diamond" was relieved of her NATO duties upon the return of "Ocean" from the Caribbean on 30 October, and resumed her planned deployment to relieve "Monmouth." On 23 November, "The Times" reported that "Diamond" was being forced to abandon her deployment and return to Portsmouth early due to mechanical issues, which was later confirmed by the Ministry of Defence.
2020–present.
On 10 April 2021, "Diamond" left Portsmouth to conduct a 41-gun salute after the death of His Royal Highness Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh. The ship flew her ensign at half-mast.
In 2021, the ship initially deployed to the Far East as part of the UK carrier strike group centred on aircraft carrier . She detached from the group for repairs in July due to reported "technical issues" likely linked to longstanding power and propulsion reliability issues with ships of the class. It was later reported that the ship had "suffered a failure of one of her gas turbines". Repairs were undertaken in Taranto, Italy. At the end of August, "Diamond" returned to sea to rejoin the group. In mid-October 2021, after rejoining the strike group, the destroyer again experienced "technical issues", this time reportedly not related to her propulsion system and a decision was made to dock in Singapore to have them addressed.
In September 2023, "Diamond", with a Wildcat HMA2 helicopter, again escorted "Queen Elizabeth" for her "Operation Firedrake" deployment in northern European waters. In November, the destroyer deployed to the Persian Gulf to reinforce , the Royal Navy's guardship in the region.
On the night of 15 December 2023, "Diamond" shot down a suspected attack drone launched from a Islamist Houthi-controlled area of Yemen, targeting commercial shipping in the Red Sea, with a Sea Viper (Aster) missile. The UK Ministry of Defence said it was the first time in decades that the Royal Navy had shot an aerial target in anger. The Houthis declared themselves part of the "axis of resistance" of Iran-affiliated groups. The Houthis, backed by Iran, intensified their attacks in the area, targeting both commercial vessels and military ships, including those from the United Kingdom.
In the aftermath of the shoot down and a spate of attacks by Houthi militia on civilian vessels "Diamond" was assigned to join the international task force protecting ships that travel through the Red Sea. On 9 January 2024, "Diamond" repelled the largest Houthi drone attack to date, alongside US Navy ships. "Diamond" was targeted in the attacks but successfully repelled them using Sea Viper missiles and gunfire. This attack, along with prior attacks on commercial shipping, led to the 2024 missile strikes against Yemen in response. On 10 February 2024, "Diamond" arrived in Gibraltar for a period of maintenance and resupply after being relieved by in the Red Sea. She was adorned with kill markings for nine Houthi drones which she had shot down across three engagements.
After resupply HMS "Diamond" then returned to the Red Sea, including providing escort to the ships of Littoral Response Group South as they deployed to the Indian Ocean. She then resumed her role in protection of merchant shipping in the region. On 24 April 2024, "Diamond" defended the American container ship MV "Maersk Yorktown" and shot down a Houthi anti-ship ballistic missile. This was the first ballistic missile kill for the Sea Viper air defence system and the first Royal Navy missile-to-missile interception in combat since the Gulf War. In May 2024, it was announced that HMS Diamond was to be relieved in theatre by her sister ship .
On 9 June 2024, the Ministry of Defence denied that a ballistic missile was launched at the ship in June, as claimed by Houthis.
Characteristics.
"Diamond" is primarily designed for anti-air warfare, able to defend against targets such as fighter aircraft, drones, and highly maneuverable sea-skimming anti-ship missiles travelling at supersonic speeds.
The ship's SAMPSON active electronically scanned array multi-function radar system allows the "Diamond" to track threats from over 250 miles away, and to guide friendly missiles. It can track over 2,000 targets and simultaneously control and coordinate multiple missiles in the air at once, allowing a large number of tracks to be intercepted and destroyed at any given time. The US Naval War College has suggested that the SAMPSON radar is capable of tracking 1,000 objects the size of a cricket ball travelling at three times the speed of sound (Mach 3), emphasising the system's capabilities against high-performance stealth targets. This makes it particularly difficult to swamp the system during a saturation attack, even if the attacking elements are supersonic.
The ship's Sea Viper missile system can launch eight missiles in under 10 seconds, and can guide up to 16 missiles simultaneously. MBDA describes Aster as a "hit-to-kill" anti-missile missile capable of intercepting all types of high-performance air threats at a maximum range of 120 km. The Aster missile is autonomously guided and equipped with an active RF seeker enabling it to cope with "saturated attacks" thanks to a "multiple engagement capability" and a "high rate of fire".
"Diamond" also carries a Wildcat helicopter with Martlet air-to-surface missiles. It is armed with a 4.5-inch Mark 8 naval gun, as well as sophisticated electronics.
Affiliations.
Other.
As part of her affiliation with Coventry, "Diamond" carries a cross of nails created from the remains of Coventry Cathedral. At the end of the Second World War a cross of nails was created out of the wreckage and has been presented to all ships that carry the name "Coventry". It was recovered from the wreck of by divers after she was sunk in the Falklands War. and presented to the crew of "Diamond" on her commissioning by Captain David Hart-Dyke, the commanding officer of "Coventry" at the time of her sinking.
The City of Sheffield was offered affiliation to "Diamond", but this was turned down by Sheffield City Council and the Lord Mayor, who want the city associated with another . The affiliation has now been transferred to the City of Coventry.

</doc>
<doc id="6928206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928206" title="Gordon Willmer">
Gordon Willmer

Sir Henry Gordon Willmer, OBE, TD (11 August 1899 – 17 May 1983) was an English lawyer and judge.
Willmer was from Birkenhead, Cheshire, the son of Arthur Willmer and the brother of the academic Nevill Willmer and the first-class cricketer Arthur Willmer. He was educated at Birkenhead School and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. He was called to the bar by the Inner Temple in 1924 and practiced at the Admiralty bar. He took silk in 1939, shortly before the outbreak of the Second World War. He had retired from the Territorial Army in 1938, but in 1940 was commissioned and served in the coastal artillery.
He was appointed to the High Court shortly after the war, in December 1945, receiving the customary knighthood, and was assigned to the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division. In 1958 he was appointed a Lord Justice of Appeal and was sworn of the Privy Council. He retired in 1969. In retirement he worked an arbitrator.
During an illustrious career he "was the acknowledged master of Admiralty law" ("Tasman Orient Line CV v Alliance Group Ltd") and sat as a Lord Justice of Appeal. He was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws by the University of Liverpool in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="6928209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928209" title="Kotlassky">
Kotlassky



</doc>
<doc id="6928212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928212" title="Phintias (painter)">
Phintias (painter)

Phintias (; ) was an ancient Greek vase painter. He worked in the red-figure style, and was an early member of the Pioneer Group of artists who made innovative contributions to the medium through their interest in human anatomy, dynamic poses, and the use of foreshortening.
Phintias may have been a pupil of Psiax, an early red-figure artist, and his early works show similarities with those of Psiax and other pre-Pioneer painters. He is considered among the foremost of the Pioneer artists, though Gordon Campbell judges him inferior to his contemporaries Euphronios and Euthymides, and Brian A. Sparkes categorises his work as comparatively old-fashioned. Fewer than twenty signed works of his survive, across a variety of pottery styles. As well as a painter, he was a potter: he crafted the uniquely shaped known as the name-vase of the Painter of the Frankfurt Acorn.
Life and works.
Phintias was active in Athens between approximately 520 and 500 BCE. He was a member of the Pioneer Group, a group of vase-painters so named for their experimentation within the newly invented red-figure style. In red-figure, the dark slip painted onto the vase was applied to the background, leaving the foreground rendered by the negative space in the natural color of the clay. This contrasted with the earlier black-figure technique, where the slip was used to paint the figures, and small details picked out by scratching it away. Although the Pioneers did not invent red-figure painting, they were active within a decade or so of its beginnings, and seem to have regarded themselves as a coherent social group. Their style was characterised by its interest in human anatomy and the use of dynamic, space-filling poses, and they more frequently signed their work than previous artists.Like the other major members of the Pioneer group, Phintias frequently wrote on his vases, and depicted some of his "colleagues". One painted by Phintias shows a courtesan () trying to hit a beardless Euthymides with the dregs of a cup of wine, with the caption "this one's for you, beautiful Euthymides!" (; ). Phintias was active before either Euphronios or Euthymides, and Jenifer Neils considers that he was likely older than Euthymides: she also reads the "beautiful Euthymides" inscription as a possible sexual invitation. Gordon Campbell suggests that the variety of spellings used by Phintias when signing his name may indicate that he was not highly literate.
Phintias's early works show stylistic similarities with pre-Pioneer red-figure artists, such as Psiax, Epiktetos and Oltos: Martin Robertson and Robert Slade Folsom suggest that he may have learned to paint from Psiax. Fewer than twenty works attributed to him survive; he displayed a preference for Type A amphorae, which he shared with Euthymides, but also painted a , a volute krater, calyx kraters, both and shoulder-type , a . and wine-cups. He was the potter of a triple cockleshell aryballos, now in the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, and made a uniquely shaped variant of a , painted as his name-vase by the Painter of the Frankfurt Acorn.
Assessment.
Robertson names Phintias, alongside Euphronios and Euthymides, as the best of the Pioneers, though Gordon Campbell considers him less skilled than the other two. Campbell categorises his drawing as "bold and simple", without excessive adornment of clothing or armour, usually relatively few figures, and good attention to detail. He also shared the other Pioneers' interest in the use of foreshortening. Brian A. Sparkes calls him "rather old-fashioned, with a penchant for depicting scenes of everyday life", pointing to the frequent appearances of athletes and sympotic scenes in his painting.
Karl Schefold called his depictions of Dionysus's (the ecstatic retinue that accompanied the god) on an amphora found at Tarquinia "a masterpiece of archaic spatial disposition".

</doc>
<doc id="6928222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928222" title="Alden Whitman">
Alden Whitman

Alden Rogers Whitman (October 27, 1913 – September 4, 1990) was an American journalist who served as chief obituary writer for "The New York Times" from 1964 to 1976. In that role, he pioneered a more vivid, biographical approach to obituaries, some based on interviews with his subjects in advance of their deaths. Whitman was also the target of a McCarthy-era investigation into communists in the press. Under questioning by the United States Senate Subcommittee on Internal Security in 1956, he acknowledged his affiliation with the Communist Party USA but refused to name other party members. The ensuing eight-year legal battle over contempt of Congress ended with all charges dismissed.
Early life, career, and political activism.
Whitman was born in 1913 on his father's farm in New Albany, Nova Scotia. From age two, he lived in his mother's native Connecticut, where both parents taught high school. He showed early interest in journalism, contributing to the local "Bridgeport Post-Telegram" at 15. "It was like somebody opening up the heavens," Whitman recalled. 
Activism, another lifelong theme, became evident in college. Whitman began his Harvard studies in 1930 as a member of the Socialist Club and Party, then edged leftward to the communist-led National Student League. In February 1933, he eloped, "an act", he later interpreted, "of adolescent revolt". His parents withdrew financial support and helped him get a job with a local manufacturer. There, under the sway of union orators, he joined the Communist Party. "It was a fully considered step," Whitman stated in 1984, "and one I've never regretted. Through my membership and because of it, I have, I hope, been able to make some contribution to the fulfillment of the promises of the Declaration of Independence." Upon saving enough to resume college the following year, Whitman wrote his senior thesis on "Strategies and tactics of the Communist Party in the United States."
Whitman's communist activities often got in the way of his journalism career. After graduating in 1935, Whitman wrote full-time for the "Bridgeport Post-Telegram", but was fired that fall "for attempting to organize a chapter of the American Newspaper Guild." The union-friendly "Bridgeport Sunday Herald" took him in. "That was a real writing paper," said Whitman. "That's where I learned to write." Eighteen months later, however, his organizing activities ran afoul of a major local employer, General Electric, and he was back on the street. 
In 1938, Whitman left his estranged wife and two young children in Bridgeport and followed his future wife to New York City. There, he worked "hand-to-mouth" for a series of Communist-linked, issue-focused groups. Internally, these were conceived as a "United" or "Popular Front" embracing multiple, home-grown leftist constituencies. However, Congress would later label all of the organizations "Communist fronts" and call Whitman to account.
As he outlined in public testimony, Whitman began at the National Committee for People's Rights, a labor advocacy group; then assisted Anna Rochester with a book on farm poverty for International Publishers; wrote anti-Hitler speeches for a veterans organization; raised money on behalf of the North American Committee to Aid Spanish Democracy; served as press agent at Films for Democracy, which aimed to produce leftist movies with Hollywood appeal; and edited cables for Soviet news agency TASS. With the Soviet-German non-aggression pact of August 1939, the , and Whitman followed suit, joining the New York Peace Committee. Finally, he worked at the American Committee for the Protection of Foreign Born, a legal defense group for immigrants.
When the last of these positions lost funding, in late 1941, Whitman resumed local journalism, this time as a copy editor ("copyreader" was the term at the time). He started at "The Buffalo Evening News", then, in 1943, joined the "New York Herald Tribune", where he remained for more than eight years, often working the overnight "lobster shift". Like many of his colleagues, Whitman remembered the paper, which folded in 1966, with pride: "We got out an intelligent, well-written, well-edited paper—the best in the city, better than the gray "Times"—and we did it with great professional eclat and had a good time doing it."
Alongside some ten other party members at the "Tribune", Whitman also worked behind the scenes, as he recalled, "doing what good Communists were expected to do—to be active in building the union." But the political mood was changing. Decades later, in his obituary for former U.S. Communist Party leader Earl Browder, Whitman looked back at the period he himself was most active in the party:
Whitman's biography mirrored this history. He had ventured into communism as a "native" radical contending with the Great Depression, and worked diligently within the "network of friendly organizations". In 1946, the Communist Party expelled Browder and repudiated the coalition strategy. In turn, by 1948, anti-communists within the Newspaper Guild pushed Whitman out of his organizing role and the paper's ownership began to root out communist influence in the newsroom. Around that time, Whitman left the party.
In his 1984 memoirs, Whitman insisted he never dropped his "Marxist orientation," and offered two explanations for "suspending" his "technical membership". First, disagreement on tactics: he believed the U.S. party's "uncritical support of Soviet policy" ignored "valid national differences on the road to Socialism." Second, self-preservation: he wanted to take "cover" from the "Truman-McCarthy cold war."
Whitman continued at the "Tribune" until 1951, when he took his copy editing talents to its chief competitor, "The New York Times". "Whitman left entirely of his own volition, for a more economically secure workplace" according to "Tribune" historian and colleague Richard Kluger, "but his politics had plainly endangered him".
Senate investigation.
Months after Joseph McCarthy's political downfall and nearly a decade after the investigation of Communists in Hollywood, Congress turned its attention to the press, particularly "The New York Times". In July 1955 and January 1956, the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee summoned 34 alleged Communists as witnesses, 18 of them with past or present ties to the "Times", Whitman among them. FBI files, released much later, had identified Whitman as a Communist in 1941 and, based on reports from an undercover informant, characterized him as an influential member of the party as late as 1953.
In its editorial pages, the "Times" argued the investigation was motivated by opposition to "the character of the news" it published. It reiterated its stance against employing current members of the Communist Party but insisted the committee would not "determine in any way the policies of this newspaper". In reality, the fallout was immediate. Upon receiving a subpoena, Whitman was stripped of supervisory responsibilities and demoted to his original copy editing position, or, as he put it, "bumped all the way back to the rim". Lawyers at the "Times" met with each witness to demand a full accounting and warn them that hiding behind the Fifth Amendment was cause for dismissal.
Under public questioning in the Senate, Whitman acknowledged prior Communist affiliation but denied any seditious intent and refused, based on the First Amendment and an "extremely active New England conscience," to name any colleagues as party members. "The investigative process," read his statement, "like the legislative power to which it is an adjunct" must not impinge on the "beliefs, associations, and activities of individuals connected with the press". Fellow journalists Seymour Peck, Robert Shelton, and William Price responded similarly. All four were cited for contempt of Congress. Whitman was convicted in 1957. The Supreme Court overturned the conviction in 1962 on narrow technical grounds, and Whitman was re-indicted and re-convicted by the Department of Justice under Robert Kennedy. Finally, in 1964, the department moved to dismiss the case, which was formally dropped on November 29, 1965.
In his book on the investigation, Edward Alwood argues that Whitman ran out the clock on McCarthyism. Had he and the other journalists convicted of contempt staged their defense years earlier "they would have faced the more severe punishment meted out to the Hollywood Ten, who had raised similar issues." In the event, Whitman retained his freedom, but was "exhausted by the strain" of sustaining a legal defense with a rotating crew of volunteers, intermittent support from the American Civil Liberties Union and none from the Newspaper Guild. During the period, Whitman divorced wife number two, married wife number three and suffered a heart attack, yet the defining phase of his journalistic career still lay ahead. 
Obituaries.
Whitman remained at the "Times", albeit with few bylines, throughout the McCarthyist ordeal. Colleague David Halberstam suggested Whitman was effectively "blacklisted" and, like "a plant trying to grow through concrete", had to find a neglected gap in the newsroom in order to write freely. Opportunity came late in 1964 as the contempt case headed towards dismissal and an outsize, multi-author, genre-busting Churchill obituary fell into disarray. Whitman was tasked with the clean-up. When he succeeded, editors asked him to carry forward the new formula. "There was a sense," Halberstam recalled, "that whatever leftist bent he had couldn't really hurt people in death." 
During his eleven years as head of the historically unglamorous, apolitical and byline-free obituary desk, Whitman penned Churchill-style memorials to some 400 other notables—Ho Chi Minh, Pablo Picasso Helen Keller, Haile Selassie, J. Robert Oppenheimer, and on and on. In almost every case, Whitman drafted the piece well in advance and periodically revised it until the subject's death. By 1967, obituaries began to carry his byline.
Reviewers recognized Whitman as "theoretician and executor" of a "revolution" in obituaries. He replaced the traditional litany of names and dates with biographical essays that conveyed the "flavor" of a person, engaged their specific, sometimes "abstruse", expertise, and placed them in the sweep of history. Whitman, intent on presenting complicated lives without funereal gloss or editorial censure, called the approach "many-sided"; Halberstam, emphasizing the long advance preparation, saw Whitman as a "jewel cutter"; Gay Talese, in a 1966 profile of Whitman, highlighted the roving curiosity of his "marvelous, magpie mind". Whitman's opening sentence on J. B. S. Haldane demonstrates the mix of perspectives:
Facially Professor Haldane resembled Rudyard Kipling; epigrammatically he took after George Bernard Shaw; politically he followed Karl Marx; but in science he was indubitably John Burdon Sanderson Haldane.
To inform his work, Whitman deployed the primary tool of other journalists, namely, the interview. "In all the history of journalism, including the caves," Sidney Zion wrote in an obituary of Whitman himself, "nobody ever thought to draw the future dead into their own obituaries". Whitman conducted his first obituary-focused interview with former U.S. president Harry Truman in 1966 at the recommendation of "Times" managing editor and Truman son-in-law Clifton Daniel. This amiable encounter became Whitman's model: "semistructured conversation", as he put it, "sub specie aeternitatis." The public, however, was intrigued by the potential awkwardness. "Aren't such interviews ghoulish?" came the inevitable question, earning Whitman magazine profiles, a "Tonight Show" appearance, and an overall "bit of fame".
Despite their notoriety, interviews were a rarity, done for "no more than ten percent" of obituaries. The object wasn't more material—Whitman's famous interlocutors already offered plenty—so much as refinement, focus, "a glimpse of the inner person". Indeed, the bulk of what he heard appeared in feature stories while subjects remained very much alive; the merest nuggets "filtered into obits". Consider, for example, Alexander Kerensky, briefly leader of a new Russian revolutionary government before Lenin and the Bolsheviks ran him into exile. "For the remainder of his life," according to Whitman, Kerensky "passed his time in fulminations". While their interview generated a front page article several days after it was conducted, the obituary contained only a single, brief snippet, epitomizing Kerensky's purgatory: "He expressed a nostalgic desire to return to his native land if the authorities 'will not silence me.'" 
Whitman was also the first journalist to write about Donald Trump and put the future president's words in print. In 1973, Whitman interviewed the 26-year-old Donald alongside his 67-year-old father, Fred, to prepare for the latter's death. While the obituary waited until 1999, the interview resulted in a contemporaneous profile of the duo. There, Whitman, with his attention to legacy, portrayed Fred Trump as an accomplished real estate "alchem[ist]" who, in a final act, was turning his building and marketing skills on his unproven successor by propping him up in Manhattan and crediting him with this very power of alchemy: "Everything he touches turns to gold," Whitman quoted Fred, introducing a phrase that would echo through the 2016 election.
While Whitman was resigned to the conventional wealth-and-fame criteria for inclusion on the obituary page, he championed a broader oral history beyond. He served as special advisor to the Columbia University Center for Oral History Research and wrote book reviews to promote oral histories and oral autobiographies, especially those that gave voice to the illiterate, oppressed or ignored. Speaking to the Oral History Association in 1974, Whitman said:
To understand ourselves as people, I believe we must know so much more than we do now about the lives and thoughts of those groups that comprise the multitude, people, to use a nasty phrase, in the 'subcultures'—the Black, the poor, the Hispanics, the women, the Chicanos. We need to know about their beliefs, their attitudes, their games, their work-lives, their flashpoints, their self-images, their aspirations.
Whitman retired from the "Times" in 1976, though remaining advance obituaries would appear over the following few years. Insurance mogul James S. Kemper, who died in 1981, was the subject of Whitman's last published obituary; it began, "[He] was very rich."
Later years.
Upon retiring from the "Times", Whitman picked up the pace of his book reviews, focusing on biography, memoir and history. He contributed regularly to "Newsday", "Harper's Bookletter", and "The Chronicle of Higher Education" short-lived "Books &amp; Arts", and appeared in such newspapers as the "Chicago Tribune", "Los Angeles Times" and, of course, "The New York Times" itself. His final published review, of Eric Hobsbawm's "", afforded yet another contemplation of Marx and capitalism. As David Halberstam remarked, "He kept going. I mean, it was quite an heroic career."
In the 1980s Whitman suffered a debilitating stroke which left him blind. His wife, Joan, hired several Long Island University college students to come to their home in Southampton, New York, to engage in a daily ritual of reading Whitman stories from major newspapers and weekly magazines. He died from another stroke at a hospital in Monaco on September 4, 1990, aged 76. He had traveled the country to attend birthday celebrations for food critic Craig Claiborne, who had turned 70 that day.
Honors.
1979: George Polk Awards (Career Award)

</doc>
<doc id="6928228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928228" title="HMS Dragon (D35)">
HMS Dragon (D35)

HMS "Dragon" is the fourth ship of the Type 45 or "Daring"-class air-defence destroyers built for the Royal Navy. She was launched in November 2008 and commissioned on 20 April 2012.
Construction.
"Dragon"s construction began at the then BAE Systems Naval Ships (later BAE Systems Surface Fleet Solutions) yard at Scotstoun on the River Clyde in December 2005, and by December 2007 the bow section was in place on the Govan slipway for mating with the other modules. "Dragon" launched from the slipway at Govan on 17 November 2008 at 3:00pm. Her sponsor was Mrs Susie Boissier, wife of Vice Admiral Paul Boissier, Deputy Commander-in-Chief Fleet and Chief of Staff. She was fitted out at Scotstoun.
Sea trials.
"Dragon" commenced her first set of contractor's sea trials on 5 November 2010.
"Dragon" entered her home port of Portsmouth for the first time on 31 August 2011.
Operational service.
"Dragon" joined the Royal Navy Surface Fleet on Friday, 20 April 2012. On Friday 27 April, she made her maiden visit to Liverpool, staying for three days. She opened to the public on Saturday 28 April, with visitors able to see the inside of the ship, including the operations room.
In August 2013, it was reported "Dragon" was sailing with the carrier group in the Arabian Sea, acting as the main point ship for aircraft control. In August 2013, several Typhoons from No. 6 Squadron RAF were exercising with "Dragon" and US fighters in the Persian Gulf. It sailed westward to the Eastern Mediterranean.
In April 2014, "Dragon" was deployed to waters north of Scotland, after sailing from Portsmouth to track the Russian warship . She was part of the Royal Navy's Atlantic Patrol Tasking in late 2014, visiting places such as the South Georgia Islands, the Falkland Islands, and a transit through the Panama Canal.
October 2016, "Dragon" tracked two Russian corvettes in the Atlantic Ocean and Bay of Biscay during a major deployment of Russian naval forces near the United Kingdom.
On 11 February 2017, "Dragon" rescued the fourteen crew of the dismasted and adrift British yacht "Clyde Challenger" in the Atlantic Ocean south west of Land's End, Cornwall. "Clyde Challenger" was subsequently scuttled.
A 26 November 2018 press-release claimed "Dragon" discovered a suspicious boat while on operation in the Middle East. Sailors and Royal Marines boarded the vessel, and found 148 bags containing 3,048kg of hashish.
15 March 2019, "Dragon" made its seventh drug seizure: 224kg of heroin from a fishing vessel in the Arabian Sea. During her time in the Arabian Sea, "Dragon" made eight drug busts and seized over eighteen tons of narcotics, a record for the number of successful busts and the total weight of drugs seized by a Royal Navy ship in the Middle East.
As of March 2019, took over the current patrol role in the Middle East.
HMS Montrose replaced "Dragon" in the Persian Gulf in March 2019.
HMS "Dragon" set sail in May 2025 to take part in NATO's Formidable Shield; the largest at-sea live-fire exercise in Europe. 
Characteristics.
"Dragon" features a red Welsh Dragon on each side of her bow, the only Royal Navy ship to be adorned in this way. The dragons were there when she was launched, but were removed in a 2011 refit. They were restored in 2016 following a fundraising campaign led by the British Warships Association.
In popular culture.
"Dragon" appeared in "No Time to Die", the 25th film of the "James Bond" series. The film inaccurately depicts the Type 45’s Aster Surface-to-Air missiles as land attack missiles. Shooting for "Dragon’s" role in the film’s finale took place off the Faroe Islands in September of 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6928229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928229" title="Australian Institute of Architects Gold Medal">
Australian Institute of Architects Gold Medal

The Australian Institute of Architects Gold Medal is the highest individual award of the Australian Institute of Architects, awarded annually since 1960. The award was created to recognise distinguished service by Australian architects who have: 

</doc>
<doc id="6928230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928230" title="Plesetsky District">
Plesetsky District

Plesetsky District () is an administrative district (raion) one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Plesetsky Municipal District. It is located in the west of the oblast and borders with Primorsky District in the north, Kholmogorsky District in the northeast, the territories of the town of oblast significance of Mirny and Vinogradovsky District in the east, Shenkursky District in the southeast, Nyandomsky and Kargopolsky Districts in the south, Pudozhsky District of the Republic of Karelia in the west, and with Onezhsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Plesetsk. Population: The population of Plesetsk accounts for 22.5% of the district's total population.
The Plesetsk Cosmodrome is located on the territory of the district but is administered by the federal government of Russia.
Geography.
The western part of the district belongs to the basin of the Onega River, which is the biggest river in the district. The Onega crosses the district from south to north, splitting it into two parts of roughly equal areas. The biggest tributaries of the Onega within the district are the Kena and the Mosha. The northeastern part of the district mostly belongs to the basin of the Yemtsa River, which is a major tributary of the Northern Dvina. Minor areas in the west of the district lie in the basin of the Vodla River across the border with the Republic of Karelia.
There are many lakes in the district, especially in the west. Two of the biggest lakes of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Lake Kenozero and Lake Undozero, both in the basin of the Kena River, are located within the district.
A major part of the district is covered by coniferous forests (taiga).
The southwestern part of the district, including Lake Kenozero, is included into Kenozersky National Park (which is split between Kargopolsky and Plesetsky Districts).
History.
The area was populated by speakers of Uralic languages and then colonized by the Novgorod Republic. It was located at the trading routes connecting central and northern Russia: first, from Moscow to the White Sea along the Onega River, and then, after 1765, along the newly built road between St. Petersburg and Arkhangelsk, which still exists and passes Kargopol and Plesetsk.
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was divided between Ingermanland Governorate (known from 1710 as Saint Petersburg Governorate) and Archangelgorod Governorate. In the course of the consequent administrative reforms, some parts of the district were included into Kargopolsky and Pudozhsky Uyezds and were transferred in 1727 to Novgorod Governorate, ending up by 1801 in Olonets Governorate. Archangelgorod Governorate was abolished and transformed into Vologda Viceroyalty, and in 1796, Arkhangelsk Governorate was established, including Onezhsky and Arkhangelsky Uyezds. In particular, when in 1897 the railroad between Vologda and Arkhangelsk was built, Plesetskaya railway station was located in Arkhangelsky Uyezd.
During the Russian Civil War in 1918, battles were fought between the Red Army and the British troops in Plesetsk and around.
On July 15, 1929, the uyezds were abolished, the governorates merged into Northern Krai, and Plesetsky District was established among others. It became a part of Arkhangelsk Okrug of Northern Krai.
In the following years, the first-level administrative division of Russia kept changing. In 1930, the okrug was abolished, and the district was subordinated to the central administration of Northern Krai. In 1936, the krai itself was transformed into Northern Oblast. In 1937, Northern Oblast was split into Arkhangelsk Oblast and Vologda Oblast. Plesetsky District remained in Arkhangelsk Oblast ever since.
Between July 15, 1929 and January 1, 1963, Priozyorny District with the administrative center in the "selo" of Konyovo existed and was a part of Northern Krai, Northern Oblast, and then Arkhangelsk Oblast. In 1963, it was merged with Plesetsky District. In 1966, Mirny, at the time a work settlement, was transferred from Plesetsky District to the oblast administration.
Between July 15, 1929 and July 31, 1931, Chekuyevsky District with the administrative center in the "selo" of Chekuyevo existed and was a part of Northern Krai. In 1931, the district was abolished, and its area divided between Plesetsky and Onezhsky Districts.
Divisions.
Administrative divisions.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, the district is divided into eleven selsoviets and four urban-type settlements with jurisdictional territory (Obozersky, Plesetsk, Savinsky, and Severoonezhsk). The following selsoviets have been established (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Municipal divisions.
As a municipal division, the district is divided into four urban settlements and thirteen rural settlements:
Economy.
Industry.
Bauxite extraction (close to Severoonezhsk) is a developed industry in the district. The bauxites were discovered in the area in 1949, and the extraction began in 1978. A big cement plant is located in Savinsky. Timber industry is also an important branch.
Transportation.
Plesetsk is located on the road connecting Kargopol with one of the principal highways in Russia, M8 between Moscow and Arkhangelsk (the highways meet in the settlement of Brin-Navolok). This is the historic trading route which connected Kargopol with Arkhangelsk before the railroad was built, and long stretches of this road are still unpaved. The stretch between Kargopol and Plesetsk was paved in 2011.
Plesetsk (Plesetskaya station) is located on the railway line between Moscow and Arkhangelsk (built in the south-north direction). In Obozersky, the line to Onega and Belomorsk branches off to the west from the main railway. From Severoonezhsk, a railway line to the west, connecting to Undozero and Yangory (an extension of the line from Puksa to Navolok) is one of the biggest railways in Russia which does not belong to Russian Railways. The owner of the railway is the State Department of Corrections. Plans to extend this line to Medvezhyegorsk have not been realized.
The Onega is not navigable within the limits of the district because of the rapids.
Culture and recreation.
Plesetsky District has a very high concentration of historical, archaeological, and architectural monuments. The district contains 14 objects classified as cultural and historical heritage by Russian Federal law, and additionally 110 objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local importance. Most of these are wooden churches, chapels, farms, and also monuments to the Red Army soldiers who died in the Russian Civil War. Some of the protected wooden buildings are located in Kenozersky National Park.
The monuments classified as historical and architectural heritage are the following:
Some of the monuments have been protected as part of the Kenozersky National Park.
The district weekly newspaper, "Kuryer Prionezhya" () has been published since 1999. The editorial office is in the settlement of Severoonezhsk.

</doc>
<doc id="6928237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928237" title="Hinchwick">
Hinchwick

Hinchwick is a small village in Gloucestershire, England at .
Hinchwick Manor was built by architect Charles Robert Cockerell in 1826.

</doc>
<doc id="6928238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928238" title="List of M2 roads">
List of M2 roads

This is a list of roads designated M2:

</doc>
<doc id="6928239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928239" title="(Untitled) (album)">
(Untitled) (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6928243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928243" title="Plesetsky">
Plesetsky



</doc>
<doc id="6928254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928254" title="2005 Miyagi gubernatorial election">
2005 Miyagi gubernatorial election

 
Miyagi prefecture held a gubernatorial election on October 23, 2005. The LDP-backed candidate, Yoshihiro Murai, won.
 
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="6928255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928255" title="Raksi">
Raksi

Raksi (Devanagari: रक्सी) (, , Nepal Bhasa: aila) is the Nepali term for a traditional distilled alcoholic beverage in Nepal, India (Darjeeling, Sikkim) and Tibet. It is often made at home.
Raksi is a strong drink, clear like vodka or gin, tasting somewhat like Japanese sake. It is usually made from kodo millet or rice; different grains produce different flavors. It is made by distilling a chhaang, a brewed alcoholic drink.
The Limbus and Kirati people, for whom it is a traditional beverage, drink tongba and raksi served with pieces of pork, water buffalo or goat meat sekuwa. For the Newars, aila is indispensable during festivals and various religious rituals as libation, "prasad" or "sagan".
In CNN's list of the world's 50 most delicious drinks, raksi was ranked 41st and was described as follows: "made from millet or rice, raksi is strong on the nose and sends a burning sensation straight down your throat that resolves itself into a surprisingly smooth, velvety sensation. Nepalese drink this home brew to celebrate festivals, though some think that the prized drink itself is the reason to celebrate." 
Because of its popularity, various temperance movements exist in Nepal, including various women's groups. Raksi, however, remains an important requirement of various religious rituals and social events, due in part perhaps to its antiseptic properties.
GC-MS based metabolomics revealed medicinal compounds present in raksi collected from high altitudes of Singalila Ridge of the Himalayas. Study claims raksi contains compounds which are useful as a remedy of high altitudes sickness.
Serving.
Raksi is often served in a bhatti glass and during special occasions, the drink is poured from a great height via a pitcher with a small spout, making an entertaining spectacle.
Production.
Raksi is produced, sold and mostly consumed at rustic distilleries scattered around the countryside. Usually it is not aged before consumption. A large amount of wood is used in the distillation process.

</doc>
<doc id="6928256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928256" title="World Darts Trophy">
World Darts Trophy

The Bullit World Darts Trophy was a professional darts tournament run by the British Darts Organisation and the World Darts Federation. Held each September from 2002 to 2007, it took place at the in Utrecht, Netherlands. The tournament had a playing format comparable with the two World Championships (BDO and PDC). Until 2007, it formed the third leg of the BDO Grand Slam, along with the BDO World Championship, the World Masters and the International Darts League.
Tournament history.
First held in 2002, the tournament was played under the auspices of the World Darts Federation, British Darts Organisation and the Dutch Darts Association (, the Dutch governing body of darts) and featured players from those organisations up to and including 2005.
PDC Participation.
However, in 2006, following Raymond van Barneveld's move to the PDC in February of that year, host broadcasters SBS6, were able to grant invitations to five non-WDF affiliated players, meaning that players from the PDC would be able to compete in the event for the first time. Van Barneveld, along with Phil Taylor, Colin Lloyd, Ronnie Baxter and Peter Manley were given the five invitations that were offered to the PDC.
In 2007, the WDT included the top 12 players in the PDC Order of Merit and four PDC Qualifiers, giving a total of 16 PDC players who would line up alongside 12 from the WDF rankings and 4 wildcards, which were given to Jelle Klaasen, Michael van Gerwen, Vincent van der Voort and Mervyn King, all of whom had left the BDO to join the PDC earlier that year.
End of event.
Towards the end of 2007, the chairman of the PDC, Barry Hearn, announced that its players would not be competing in the 2008 International Darts League and World Darts Trophy events. As a result, SBS6 announced they would no longer be broadcasting the event, with their coverage relying heavily on big names such as van Barneveld, which then cast doubts over whether either tournament would go ahead.
The tournament promoters filed a lawsuit against the PDC and SBS6 claiming a contract had been agreed for the PDC players to be involved. The case ended in failure on 21 February 2008, and the International Darts League was indefinitely postponed. The future of the World Darts Trophy was also thrown into doubt as a result of the decision, and both events were confirmed defunct by the failure of an appeal on 29 April 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6928259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928259" title="Tim Marlow">
Tim Marlow

Timothy John Marlow (born 1962) is a British writer, broadcaster and art historian who is the Director and Chief Executive of the Design Museum, London. Prior to this role, he was the Artistic Director of the Royal Academy of Arts in London. He has lectured on art and culture in over 40 countries.
He has written and presented over 100 documentaries for radio and television. Before moving to the Royal Academy, he was the Director of Exhibitions at White Cube for over ten years. In 2019, he was appointed as the new chief executive and director of London's Design Museum.
Early life and education.
Marlow was born in Long Eaton in Derbyshire, England and grew up in Chesterfield. 
Marlow is a fan of football side Chelsea FC, regularly attending matches at Stamford Bridge with his son, a nephew or brother.
He was educated at Denstone College, a boarding independent school for boys (now co-educational), in the village of Denstone in Staffordshire in central England and at the Courtauld Institute of Art, from which he gained a Master's degree.
Career.
Marlow has presented numerous art programmes on UK television including studies of J. M. W. Turner for the BBC, Great Art for ITV (Seventh Art Productions, Phil Grabsky), Great Artists with Tim Marlow (Seventh Art Productions, Phil Grabsky), The Nude in Art with Tim Marlow (Seventh Art Productions, Phil Grabsky), living artists, The Impressionists with Tim Marlow (Seventh Art Productions, Phil Grabsky), the Tate Modern, the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, Raphael, etc. He has written about art and culture for "The Times", "The Guardian", "The Independent on Sunday", "Arena", "Art Monthly", "Blueprint" and many other newspapers and periodicals. In 1993, he founded "Tate: The Art Magazine." From 1991 to 1998, he presented BBC Radio 4's arts programme "Kaleidoscope", for which he won a Sony Award. Marlow also presented the weekly BBC World Service cultural discussion programme "Culture Shock" from 2002-2008.
From 2014 until 2019, Marlow served as the Artistic Director of the Royal Academy of Arts in London. Following a staffing shake-up in 2014, he also oversaw the RA's Collections, Learning, Publishing and Architecture departments. During his time at the RA, he was a central figure in preparations for events accompanying its 250th anniversary celebrations, coinciding with the completion of a major building project to expand the institution's exhibition spaces and link its two historic buildings.
His books and monographs include studies of the French sculptor Auguste Rodin, the Austrian expressionist painter Egon Schiele and a survey of great artists published by Faber and Faber. He is visiting lecturer at Winchester School of Art. He is an examiner on the Sculpture MA and former creative director of sculpture at Goodwood.
Marlow was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2020 New Year Honours for services to the arts.

</doc>
<doc id="6928261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928261" title="Seventy weeks prophecy">
Seventy weeks prophecy



</doc>
<doc id="6928269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928269" title="Gruffydd Evans, Baron Evans of Claughton">
Gruffydd Evans, Baron Evans of Claughton

David Thomas Gruffydd Evans, Baron Evans of Claughton, DL (9 February 1928 – 22 March 1992) was a British solicitor and Liberal politician. As Lord Evans, held the office of Deputy Lieutenant of Merseyside. He was created a life peer as Baron Evans of Claughton, of Claughton in the County of Merseyside, on 24 April 1978.
Evans was born in Birkenhead. His family were Welsh-speaking, originally from Anglesey. He studied at Birkenhead School and later at Liverpool University. Over a period he served on Birkenhead County Borough Council, Wirral Borough Council and finally Merseyside County Council, leading the Liberal group. He tried twice, in 1964 and 1966, to win a parliamentary seat but was unsuccessful. As President of the Liberal Party in 1977-78, he played an important role in dealing with the fall-out from the controversy relating to the activities of former party leader Jeremy Thorpe.
References.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6928272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928272" title="Prophecy of seventy weeks">
Prophecy of seventy weeks



</doc>
<doc id="6928274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928274" title="HMS Defender (D36)">
HMS Defender (D36)

HMS "Defender" is the fifth of the Type 45 or "Daring"-class air-defence destroyers built for the Royal Navy. She is the eighth ship to bear the name. Construction of "Defender" began in 2006, and she was launched in 2009. The ship completed her first sea trials in October and November 2011, and was commissioned during March 2013.
Construction.
"Defender"s construction began at the BAE Systems Naval Ships (now part of BAE Systems Surface Ships) yard at Govan on the River Clyde in July 2006. The launch date was 21 October 2009.
Sea trials.
On 21 October 2011, "Defender" left Scotstoun shipyard in Glasgow on her maiden voyage exactly two years to the day after she was launched, to conduct her first stage of sea trials. These trials were completed in mid-November. On 9 March 2012, she once again left the Clyde to commence a second round of trials, scheduled to last 28 days in the waters off western Scotland.
Operational service.
The ship left Scotstoun on 21 July 2012 on her delivery voyage and entered Portsmouth at 10:00 on 25 July 2012 where BAE Systems and the Royal Navy conducted a formal handover ceremony. At 14:00 that day she raised her White Ensign for the first time as a Royal Naval vessel under the command of Commander Phil Nash. "Defender" was commissioned on 21 March 2013. She stopped off at her home on the Clyde for final testing and was open to members of the public on Saturday 30 November 2013 before going into active service.
"Defender" sailed from Portsmouth to the north east of Scotland on 19 December 2013 to meet a Russian task group of six ships including the aircraft carrier and escorted them down the east coast of Scotland. The vessels were held back by bad weather and had anchored in the Moray Firth.
"Defender" was part of Operation Shader, employed as an air defence guard ship for the US Carrier Task Force 50, in 2014.
The ship sailed on 19 October 2015 for a second deployment to the Middle East region. On 18 November, it was announced "Defender" would deploy alongside France's carrier battle group, deployed off the coast of Syria as an air defence escort. This was in response to France's activation of article 42.7 of the European Union Treaty.
On 27 April 2016, "Defender" escorted the ocean liner through the Gulf of Oman.
In June 2016, "Defender", in conjunction with Australian and French ships, seized a total haul of 1020 kg of hashish from a fishing dhow south of Oman.
"Defender" returned to active service in early August 2018, after a major 18-month long refit in Portsmouth, in the course of which she was fitted with the Shaman communications electronic support measures (CESM) to be used for the purposes of signals intelligence. 
On 12 August 2019, "Defender" set sail for a deployment in the Asia-Pacific region. On 24 August 2019, HMS Defender was redeployed while on route to the Asia-Pacific region to the Persian Gulf and Strait of Hormuz in order to bolster the British presence and escort British Shipping.
In December 2019, Royal Marines from "Defender" confiscated 131 kg of crystal meth after searching a dhow in the Arabian Sea. The haul had an estimated total UK street value of £3.3m.
On 23 June 2021, in an account contradicted by the UK government, the Russian military and border guards said they fired warning shots and dropped bombs from a Sukhoi Su-24 attack aircraft in the path of "Defender" after, according to the Russian Defence Ministry, it had allegedly strayed for about 20 minutes as much as 3 km (2 miles) into waters off the coast of Crimea, declared by Russian Federation as being annexed from Ukraine in 2014 (see 2021 Black Sea incident). The UK military denied any warning shots were fired and said the ship was in innocent passage in Ukraine's territorial sea, later clarifying that heavy guns were fired three miles astern and could not be considered to be warning shots. BBC defence correspondent Jonathan Beale on board the vessel confirmed that the ship went to action stations prior to the transit; the crew put on flash protection in case of live fire; they were warned on the radio that the Russians would fire, and did hear some firing in the distance. On 27 June, it was reported that secret documents relating to the passage of HMS "Defender" through Ukraine's territorial waters had been discovered at a bus stop in Kent. These documents revealed that the Royal Navy considered different hypothetical reactions from Russia in response to the ship's passage and was prepared for the possibility that Russia might respond in an aggressive manner.
In July 2023, "Defender" began a three-year refit during which she is to undergo a major power improvement program engine upgrade, integrate the Sea Ceptor air defence missile system and incorporate new (Naval Strike) anti-ship missiles.

</doc>
<doc id="6928277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928277" title="Sareyn">
Sareyn

Sareyn () is a city in the Central District of Sareyn County, Ardabil province, Iran, serving as capital of both the county and the district.
Demographics.
Population.
At the time of the 2006 National Census, the city's population was 4,478 in 1,135 households, when it was capital of the former Sareyn District in Ardabil County. The following census in 2011 counted 4,440 people in 1,241 households, by which time the district had been separated from the county in the establishment of Sareyn County. Sareyn was transferred to the new Central District as the county's capital. The 2016 census measured the population of the city as 5,459 people in 1,582 households.
Sareyn is known for its hot springs. The population increases to more than 20,000 in the summer because of the many tourists who go there due to the charming climate. It stands 25 km from Ardabil and total area is 1.28 square km2.
Sareyn Springs:

</doc>
<doc id="6928282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928282" title="Kmh">
Kmh



</doc>
<doc id="6928286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928286" title="I'm With Stupid (Static-X song)">
I'm With Stupid (Static-X song)



</doc>
<doc id="6928288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928288" title="James Dalton">
James Dalton

James Dalton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6928291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928291" title="John Alastair Kerr">
John Alastair Kerr



</doc>
<doc id="6928294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928294" title="Lunar hoax">
Lunar hoax



</doc>
<doc id="6928295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928295" title="Bled For Days">
Bled For Days



</doc>
<doc id="6928297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928297" title="Humphrey Clucas">
Humphrey Clucas

Humphrey Clucas (born 1941) is a British composer, singer and author.
Clucas read English at King's College, Cambridge, where he was a choral scholar. Having taught English in schools for twenty-seven years, while maintaining a separate singing career, he finally gave up teaching on his appointment as a Lay Vicar (member of the choir) of Westminster Abbey, from which he retired in 1999.
Career.
As a composer he is self-taught, and though well known for a set of Responses, written as an undergraduate, nearly all his serious work has been done since 1979. He has written a great deal of choral music, much of it liturgical. But there are also concert works for choir and orchestra and for unaccompanied choir (including a Stabat Mater with string quartet and an unaccompanied Requiem), a Housman song cycle for countertenor, a Clarinet Sonatina, a large body of organ music, including an Organ Symphony a series of works for double bass - and so on. He has written for a large number of English cathedrals, and also for the Vasari Singers, Gothic Voices, the organists Martin Baker, Robert Crowley and Peter Wright, and others. His latest work (Christmas, 2009), was a carol for the BBC Boy and Girl Chorister of the Year, the Choir of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, and the Royal Harpist.
His two books of verse, 'Gods &amp; Mortals' and 'Unfashionable Song', were published in 1981 and 1990. There is also a collection of Catullus translations (1985) and a small book of essays on A. E.Housman (1996). Items from the Catullus have been anthologised by both Penguin and O.U.P., and the whole collection was reprinted as an appendix to Aubrey Burl's biography of the poet (2004).
Clucas's memoirs, 'Taking Stock: The First Sixty Years', appeared in 2005. The longest chapter describes the rather unhappy musical establishment at Westminster Abbey in the 1990s. In 2009, he published 'Royal and Peculiar', three (fictional) crime stories set in Westminster Abbey (with poems by Anne Middleton).
He also wrote a men's-voice Magnificat in F-sharp major for King's College, Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="6928302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928302" title="Tony Matthews">
Tony Matthews

Tony Matthews is an Australian author and historian. His first book, "This Dawning Land" was completed in 1986.
He has written over thirty published books.

</doc>
<doc id="6928305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928305" title="Potty Painter">
Potty Painter

Potty Painter, also known as Potty Painter in the Jungle, is a video game for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, and VIC-20 computers and released by Rabbit Software in December 1983. It a clone of the arcade video game "Amidar.
Gameplay.
The goal of the game is to join the dotted lines around a grid of squares each different in size with each valuing different points. In the meantime the player must avoid enemies who try to capture them. Starting the game, the player has 5 lives and 3 freezes which enable the player to freeze the computer controlled characters for around 10 seconds.
Levels alternate between playing as a monkey against tribesmen and playing as a paint-roller against teddy bears. Completing a level enables the player to play a bonus game which involves guiding a teddy bear to a banana to gain an extra 1000 points.

</doc>
<doc id="6928306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928306" title="The Artful Dodger (1959 TV series)">
The Artful Dodger (1959 TV series)

The Artful Dodger is a black-and-white British TV sitcom starring Dave Morris and Gretchen Franklin. It ran for one series in 1959. It was written by Frank Roscoe and Morris.
Plot.
In the radio and television series "Club Night", Dave Morris, the comedian, had developed a swaggering, work-shy, know-all character, and "The Artful Dodger" featured the same character, and his wife Sylvia.

</doc>
<doc id="6928308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928308" title="Day of atonement">
Day of atonement



</doc>
<doc id="6928309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928309" title="HMS Duncan (D37)">
HMS Duncan (D37)

HMS "Duncan" is the sixth and last of the Type 45 or "Daring"-class air-defence destroyers built for the Royal Navy and launched in 2010. "Duncan" is named after Adam Duncan, 1st Viscount Duncan (1 July 1731 – 4 August 1804), who defeated the Dutch fleet at the Battle of Camperdown on 11 October 1797. The destroyer has served in the Mediterranean, Black, and Caribbean Seas, and in 2019 was deployed to the Persian Gulf in response to increased tensions with Iran in the region. In May 2024, she deployed to the Red Sea to protect international shipping from the ongoing Houthi attacks.
Characteristics.
In 2014, the Royal Navy website stated that "Duncan" would be the first Type 45 destroyer to be armed with the Harpoon antiship missile system. On 2 March 2015, "Duncan" left Portsmouth armed with Harpoon antiship missiles.
Construction.
"Duncan"s construction began at the BAE Systems Naval Ships (now part of BAE Systems Surface Ships) yards at Govan and Scotstoun on the River Clyde in 2006. She was launched from Govan on 11 October 2010, on the 213th anniversary of the Battle of Camperdown.
"Duncan" sailed from Scotstoun shipyard, Glasgow, on 31 August 2012 to commence sea trials.
Operational service.
"Duncan", the sixth and last Type 45 destroyer, was commissioned on 26 September 2013. She entered service on 30 December 2013, four months ahead of schedule, after a period of trials and training.
On 2 March 2015, "Duncan" left HMNB Portsmouth on her maiden deployment to the Mediterranean Sea and Middle East. On 7 July 2015, "Duncan" joined up with the U.S. Navy Carrier Strike Group Twelve to strike the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
In April 2016, HMS "Duncan" was one of several Royal Navy ships exercising with the French Navy in Exercise Griffin Strike. In October 2016, "Duncan", accompanied by the frigate , was dispatched by the Ministry of Defence to intercept and "man-mark" a fleet of Russian Navy vessels, including their flagship , which was passing through the English Channel on its way to Syria. In November, while sailing off the coast of England, "Duncan" suffered a total propulsion failure and was towed back to Plymouth.
"Duncan" sailed from Portsmouth in June 2017 to assume the role of flagship of NATO's Standing Maritime Naval Group 2 (SNMG2), operating in the Black Sea and the Mediterranean. "Duncan" was due to be relieved in September 2017 by on her final deployment, but "Ocean" was redeployed to the Caribbean Sea to provide relief to British Overseas Territories in the region in the wake of Hurricane Irma. "Duncan" was instead relieved by , which was berthed in Gibraltar en route to the Persian Gulf to relieve . "Duncan" returned to Portsmouth on 22 September 2017.
She resumed NATO duties in January 2018, visiting Mediterranean and Black Sea ports such as Constanța, Souda Bay, and Split, and again took command of SNMG2, returning to Portsmouth on 13 July 2018. In November and December 2018, "Duncan" featured in the first series of the Channel 5 television documentary "Warship: Life at Sea", which captured everyday life on board the vessel during her NATO deployment earlier that year, including confrontations with Russian warships and aircraft, including the "Admiral Essen". On the programme, the ship's crew frequently claimed that "Duncan" can detect a "tennis ball-sized object moving at three times the speed of sound, from over 100 miles away."
In December 2018, "Duncan" was announced to be affiliated with the town of Scarborough on the Yorkshire coast.
In July 2019, "Duncan" visited Odesa harbour in Ukraine. On 12 July 2019, she was ordered to the Persian Gulf in response to threats against British shipping by Iran. On arrival, she joined with the frigate in protecting cargo vessels and oil tankers. This deployment featured in the second series of the "Warship: Life at Sea" television documentary.
In September 2019, "Duncan" returned to her home base at Portsmouth for a refit. By July 2021, Duncan’s refit was complete and she was back at sea by May 2022.
In February 2023, "Duncan" joined Orion23, France's largest-ever military exercise, held in the light of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In March 2023, "Duncan" was reportedly equipped with Harpoon anti-ship missiles for the first time in several years.
In late June 2023, "Duncan" departed HMNB Portsmouth for a six-month deployment; the first since she underwent a major overhaul. She became the flagship of Standing NATO Maritime Group 2 in July.
In August 2023, HMS Duncan was leading a minefield exercise in the Mediterranean.
In May 2024, HMS Duncan deployed for security operations in the Mediterranean in conjunction with US forces and was intended to relieve her sister ship HMS Diamond in the role of protecting international shipping in the face of Houthi attacks in the Red Sea. Events changed her mission and she remained in the Eastern Mediterranean during the Gaza crisis, including serving as air defence escort to USS "Wasp". She was visited in Limassol by the UK Defence Secretary. HMS Duncan returned to Portsmouth in early December 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6928312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928312" title="Sadhu Kuppuswami">
Sadhu Kuppuswami

Sadhu Kuppuswami (1890–1956) was a Fiji Indian religious leader.
He was awarded the title "Sevaka Ratnam" in 1941
Early life.
Kuppuswami, the son of Govind Swamy Naidu, was born in the village of Konoor, Tamil Nadu, India in 1890. He was literate in Tamil and Telugu and was a police officer in India. He arrived in Fiji on 27 April 1912 as an indentured labourer, abroad the Sutlej III. He served his five years of indenture in Tavua. He then tried cane farming but soon gave it up to join the Melbourne Trust Company in Rakiraki as a two-horse ploughman. His father, an Orthodox South Indian, ensured that his son was given the best to develop his knowledge of South-Indian religion, culture and art in his mother tongue Tamil from a young age.
Formation of South Indian Organisation.
At Rakiraki, he met T.A.J. Pillai, a court clerk, and stayed with his family while teaching Tamil to local children. During the influenza epidemic of 1918, Sadhu Swami did a lot of relief work by transporting the sick to hospital. He was also impressed with efforts by Vashist Muni to improve the plight of Fiji Indian farmers and workers. On 10 January 1926, while celebrating the birth of Swami Vivekananda in Rakiraki, attended by people of all districts, the idea of forming a South Indian organisation was proposed. On 24 May 1926, at a meeting in Nadi, the "Then India Sanmargya Ikya Sangam" (TISI Sangam) was formed with Kuppuswami as its first President.
Propagating his Mission.
After the formation of the Sangam, Kuppuswami and others travelled throughout Fiji, setting up schools and temples. Aware of the need for qualified help in establishing the Sangam in Fiji, he appealed to the Ramakrishna Mission in India who sent Swami Avinashananda to reorganise the Sangam. Swami Avinashananda was replaced by Swami Rudrananda who had great influence in Fiji’s religious, cane farming and political activities.
Everlasting Honour.
After many years of dedicated service, Kuppuswami was honoured with the title of "Sevaka Rathnam" (Jewel of Service) in 1941 by the TISI Sangam. He died suddenly on 2 August 1956. His remains were interred at the Sri Siva Subramaniya temple in Nadi.

</doc>
<doc id="6928313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928313" title="Confederations Cup 1997">
Confederations Cup 1997



</doc>
<doc id="6928315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928315" title="Confederations Cup 1999">
Confederations Cup 1999



</doc>
<doc id="6928320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928320" title="Astika">
Astika



</doc>
<doc id="6928323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928323" title="Ceartas">
Ceartas

In the early 1980s in Scotland, Ceartas (; meaning 'justice') was a protest group which attempted to publicise the unequal treatment of the Gaelic language.
The group was founded in 1981, in the wake of the failure of MP Donald Stewart's private member's bill, which had sought for Gaelic the same status enjoyed by Welsh in Wales. Some of those who travelled to London to observe the progress of the bill, most of them students from Aberdeen, Edinburgh or Glasgow, met afterwards to discuss non-violent direct action, a tactic which had played a key role in the campaigns of Cymdeithas yr Iaith in Wales. Members of the group included Iain Taylor, Mark Wringe, Alan Esslemont, Stephen Maceachern, Anne Martin, Kay Matheson and the MacDonald brothers. Picking up on the ongoing road sign controversy, they defaced road signs around Scotland, and painted the slogan "Ceartas airson na Gàidhlig" ("Justice for Gaelic") across roads. An anonymous statement was released to the press, resulting in widespread public attention. Ultimately Iain Taylor was arrested, though never convicted.
In court, a witness on Taylor's behalf attempted to give evidence in Gaelic and was forbidden to do so. This contradicted a 19th-century precedent which allowed the use of Gaelic in court, resulting in a legal review which established the principle that Gaelic could be used in court only if the witness could not speak English.
Sources.
Roger Hutchinson, "A Waxing Moon: The Modern Gaelic Revival", Mainstream Publishing, Edinburgh, 2005. .

</doc>
<doc id="6928324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928324" title="Confederations Cup 2009">
Confederations Cup 2009



</doc>
<doc id="6928325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928325" title="Confederations Cup 2005">
Confederations Cup 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6928330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928330" title="50 Years 50 Stars">
50 Years 50 Stars

50 Years 50 Stars is a television special that marked 50 years of television in Australia. Hosted by Mike Munro and broadcast on Sunday 10 September 2006 on the Nine Network, the special counted down the top 50 greatest living Australian television personalities.
Also in the special featured many special comments from other television personalities, including Charles 'Bud' Tingwell, John Wood, Erik Thomson, Bert Newton, Jacki Weaver, Scott Cam, James Brayshaw, Jules Lund, Livinia Nixon, Steve Vizard, Ray Martin, Tracy Grimshaw, Brian Henderson, Giaan Rooney, Kimberley Davies &amp; Jana Wendt.

</doc>
<doc id="6928332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928332" title="Confederations Cup 2003">
Confederations Cup 2003



</doc>
<doc id="6928335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928335" title="Samuel Crane">
Samuel Crane

Samuel Crane (1794 – November 13, 1858) was a businessman and political figure in Canada West.
Biography.
Samuel Crane was born in Massachusetts in 1794 and had settled in Lower Canada by 1820. He became a partner in a forwarding business at Lachine, west of Montreal. The firm owned a share in the "Ontario", an American steamship operating on the Great Lakes. Crane moved to Prescott in Upper Canada some time later and partnered with John Macpherson of Kingston in the transporting of goods and passengers.
The Crane-MacPherson partnership dominated the forwarding business in the area, in part because of their alliance with the Ottawa and Rideau Forwarding Company which controlled the forwarding trade on the lower Rideau Canal. In 1837 at the age of 43, Crane became a director of the Commercial Bank of the Midland District.
In 1838, Crane stood for election to the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada in a by-election, but withdrew before the poll. In 1841, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada for Grenville in 1841. He supported the union of the Canadas and was generally a moderate supporter of the Reformer, but was frequently absent from the sessions. In 1849, he was named to the Legislative Council.
In the early 1850s, the partners began to sell off their assets due to declining business and the nearing completion of the Grand Trunk Railway in the area. When the company that purchased much of their business failed in 1857, the partnership was dissolved and declared bankruptcy.
By 1858, Crane largely had stopped attending the Legislative Council and his seat was declared vacant due to lack of attendance.
Crane died at Prescott in 1858.

</doc>
<doc id="6928337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928337" title="Confederations Cup 2001">
Confederations Cup 2001



</doc>
<doc id="6928338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928338" title="2005 Kawasaki mayoral election">
2005 Kawasaki mayoral election

Kawasaki, Kanagawa held a mayoral election on October 23, 2005. Incumbent Takao Abe, backed by Liberal Democratic Party and the New Komeito Party won the election. 
Results.
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="6928342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928342" title="King Fahd Cup 1995">
King Fahd Cup 1995



</doc>
<doc id="6928343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928343" title="King Fahd Cup 1992">
King Fahd Cup 1992



</doc>
<doc id="6928345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928345" title="Double-wishbone suspension">
Double-wishbone suspension



</doc>
<doc id="6928347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928347" title="Crusade bull">
Crusade bull

A crusade bull or crusading bull () was a papal bull that granted privileges, including indulgences, to those who took part in the Crusades against infidels. A bull is an official document issued by a pope and sealed with a leaden "bulla". All crusade bulls were written in Latin. Those launching a new general crusade were encyclicals addressed to all the archbishops of the Latin Church.
Bulls were not the only means by which popes organized crusades. Many types of papal letters without the "bulla" attached were issued to arrange, guide and direct crusading efforts. The bulls issued for the "Reconquista" ('reconquest') in the Iberian Peninsula evolved into something distinct. By the modern period, the "bull of the crusade" (, ) was used by Spanish and Portuguese monarchs as a means of raising money through donations for various projects, not necessarily military. This system was finally abolished in 1966.
Early privileges.
Privileges for just wars against infidels have a long history before the first formal crusade bull. In 1063, Alexander II granted privileges to those who took part in the campaigns of reconquest of King Ramiro I of Aragon. Urban II made similar concessions to Counts Ramon Berenguer III of Barcelona and Ermengol IV of Urgell in 1089 at the time of the reconquest of Tarragona.
Urban II may have been inspired by these concessions when he offered an indulgence to those who joined the First Crusade in 1095. Callistus II renewed Urban's indulgence for crusaders at the First Lateran Council in 1123. Not all early crusades were sanctioned by papal bulls. The Crusade of 1129 was organized by secular leaders and lacked papal authorization, but was nonetheless regarded as a crusade like any other at the time.
History.
Holy Land.
The first true crusade bull was "Quantum praedecessores", issued by Eugene III for the Second Crusade in 1145. It became the model for later bulls. Gregory VIII launched the Third Crusade in 1187 with the bull "Audita tremendi". The Fourth Crusade grew out of two bulls issued by Innocent III in 1198 and 1199, which innovated new means of raising funds. in 1213 Pope Innocent III issued "Quia maior" which launched the Fifth Crusade. In 1245, Innocent IV issued "Terra Sancta Christi" which sparked the Seventh Crusade. By the 13th century, the bull was the defining mark of a true crusade. Canon lawyers did not regard vows taken for unauthorized expeditions (the popular crusades) as binding.
Iberian peninsula.
In 1118, Gelasius II renewed Urban II's privilege for Alfonso the Battler, when he undertook to . These grants were renewed again by Callistus II (), Eugene III (1152) and Innocent III (1212).
In 1197, Celestine III issued "Cum auctores et factores", the first crusade bull bestowed on Portugal, granting indulgences to those who fought the excommunicated Alfonso IX of León for having allied himself with the Almohads. Clement IV in 1265 issued a general Bull for the whole of Spain, when the Kings of Aragon and Castile joined in the expedition against Murcia. In the course of time these pontifical concessions became more and more frequent; in the reign of the Catholic Monarchs alone they were granted in 1478, 1479, 1481, 1482, 1485, 1494, 1503 and 1505, and were continued during succeeding reigns, The one granted by Gregory XIII in 1573 being renewed by his successors.
The alms given by the faithful in response to this bull, which were at first used exclusively for carrying on the war against the 'infidel' Moors, were afterwards used for the construction and repair of churches and other pious works; sometimes they were also used to defray expenses of the State. The Cortes (estates assembly) of Valladolid of 1523 and that of Madrid of 1592 petitioned that this money should not be used for any other purpose than that for which it had originally been intended by the donors, but, notwithstanding the provisions made by Philip III of Spain in compliance with this request, the abuse already mentioned continued. As an example, in the 1740s, the governor of Oran, a Spanish outpost on Algeria, insistently requested that, while the bull sustained the Spanish presence, the acquisition and maintenance of dromedaries for the Royal Palace of Aranjuez had to be funded from a different source. After 1847 the funds derived from this source were devoted to the endowment of churches and the clergy, this disposition being ratified by a law in 1849 and in the Concordat of 1851.
In virtue of the concessions granted by this bull, the faithful of the Spanish dominions who had fulfilled the necessary conditions could gain the plenary indulgence, granted to those who fought for the reconquest of the Holy Land and to those who went to Rome in the year of Jubilee, provided they went to confession and received Holy Communion. They were also absolved twice of sins and censures reserved to the Holy See and the ordinary, except open heresy—and others concerning ecclesiastics, to have vows that could not be fulfilled without difficulty commuted by their confessor—unless failure to fulfill them would be to the disadvantage of another; also simple vows of perpetual chastity, of religious profession and of pilgrimage to the Holy Land. Those who visited five churches or altars, or the same altar five times, and prayed for the intentions of the Crusade, could gain the indulgences granted to those who visited the stations in Rome. The Bull also permitted the faithful of the Spanish dominions to eat meat on all the days of Lent and other days of fast and abstinence, except Ash Wednesday, the Fridays of Lent, the last four days of Holy Week and the vigils of the feasts of the Nativity, Pentecost, the Assumption and Saints Peter and Paul.
Northern Crusades.
The bull "Non parum animus noster" (Latin for "Our mind is deeply [troubled]") issued by Pope Alexander III in 1171 or 1172 was instrumental in promoting the Northern Crusades against the then pagan Estonians and Finns. In the bull, Alexander III promised an indulgence and one year's remission of sin to those who fought the pagans. Those who died in this crusade would receive full indulgence.

</doc>
<doc id="6928349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928349" title="22nd U.S. Infantry">
22nd U.S. Infantry



</doc>
<doc id="6928350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928350" title="JPMorgan EMBI Global Index">
JPMorgan EMBI Global Index



</doc>
<doc id="6928351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928351" title="Sigma-ring">
Sigma-ring

In mathematics, a nonempty collection of sets is called a -ring (pronounced "sigma-ring") if it is closed under countable union and relative complementation.
Formal definition.
Let formula_1 be a nonempty collection of sets. Then formula_1 is a -ring if:
Properties.
These two properties imply:
formula_8
whenever formula_9 are elements of formula_10 
This is because
formula_11
Every -ring is a δ-ring but there exist δ-rings that are not -rings.
Similar concepts.
If the first property is weakened to closure under finite union (that is, formula_12 whenever formula_7) but not countable union, then formula_1 is a ring but not a -ring.
Uses.
-rings can be used instead of -fields (-algebras) in the development of measure and integration theory, if one does not wish to require that the universal set be measurable. Every -field is also a -ring, but a -ring need not be a -field.
A -ring formula_1 that is a collection of subsets of formula_16 induces a -field for formula_17 Define formula_18 Then formula_19 is a -field over the set formula_16 - to check closure under countable union, recall a formula_21-ring is closed under countable intersections. In fact formula_19 is the minimal -field containing formula_1 since it must be contained in every -field containing formula_10

</doc>
<doc id="6928356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928356" title="A'isha bint Abu Bakr">
A'isha bint Abu Bakr



</doc>
<doc id="6928357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928357" title="John Donaldson">
John Donaldson

John Donaldson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6928360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928360" title="9th U.S. Infantry">
9th U.S. Infantry



</doc>
<doc id="6928363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928363" title="FEP's">
FEP's



</doc>
<doc id="6928366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928366" title="1995 Air Saint-Martin Beechcraft 1900 crash">
1995 Air Saint-Martin Beechcraft 1900 crash

On December 7, 1995, a chartered twin-turboprop Beechcraft 1900D commuter aircraft registered as and owned and operated by Air Saint Martin crashed near Belle-Anse, Haiti. The flight was en route from Cayenne, French Guiana and Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe to Port-au-Prince, Haiti, and had been chartered by the Government of France to return illegal immigrants to Haiti from French territory. There were no survivors among its 18 passengers and 2 crew members.
Investigators determined that F-OHRK had drifted ten nautical miles off course. The aircraft collided with a mountain at after having been cleared by air traffic control to descend to .

</doc>
<doc id="6928367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928367" title="Diocese of Konstanz">
Diocese of Konstanz



</doc>
<doc id="6928368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928368" title="Sigma ring">
Sigma ring



</doc>
<doc id="6928372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928372" title="Department of Education (New Zealand)">
Department of Education (New Zealand)

The New Zealand Department of Education was, prior to 1989, the public service department of the New Zealand government that was responsible for pre-tertiary education.
The department was established in its initial form in 1877 under the Education Act 1877.
In 1989 it was replaced by a decentralised Ministry of Education under the "Tomorrow's Schools" reforms that were initiated in response to the Picot task force report of May 1988. Some of its functions were moved to separate agencies such as Learning Media Limited (1992) and the New Zealand Qualifications Authority (1993).

</doc>
<doc id="6928374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928374" title="Howitzer Motor Carriage M8">
Howitzer Motor Carriage M8

The 75 mm howitzer motor carriage M8 "Scott" was a self-propelled howitzer vehicle of the United States in use during World War II. It was developed on the chassis of the M5 Stuart tank and was equipped with a M116 howitzer in an M7 mount. The vehicle is also known by the nickname General Scott, or just Scott, which was originally assigned to the vehicle by the Ordnance Department in November 1944 for publicity purposes, such as in newspapers, but does not appear to have been used by troops in the field during the war.
Development and design.
Prototypes.
Experiments with a close-support version of the M3 Stuart began with the T18 howitzer motor carriage. This essentially combined an M3 light tank chassis with the gun mount of a M3 Grant medium tank mounting the much smaller 75mm pack howitzer. This produced a tall design with the gun well forward, which led to the tank being nose-heavy. They also found the fighting compartment was too cramped and the cut-down sides provided no protection to the crew for shots anywhere but the front.
The T18 was cancelled in 1942 in favor of a new design, the T41. This moved to the updated M5 chassis, differing from the M3 mostly in its engine, while introducing a new fighting compartment with a well-sloped front that provided more room and much better protection. However, the new layout also moved the gun even further forward and produced wear on the front wheels that was considered unacceptable. A further revision moved the gun to one side to free up room and change the balance, which was successful enough to consider production on surplus M3 chassis. By this time a competing concept had proved superior and production was cancelled in favor of the new T47. Some further work was carried out on a T41 with the 105 mm M2A1; this work was later spun off as the T82 project.
The T47 was also developed on the basis of the M5 chassis, but replaced the fixed fighting compartment with a new manually-turned turret mounting the same gun. This not only provided much better protection for the crew, but also offered far better tactical freedom than any fixed-mount system. The prototype was designated the 75 mm howitzer motor carriage T17E1
Production.
After a mock-up had been produced, it was ordered into production as the 75 mm howitzer motor carriage M8. Like the M5, the M8 had a crew of four; commander, gunner, driver, and assistant driver/loader. When the M8 was in action, the commander positioned himself at the antiaircraft machine gun and directed his crew, the gunner sat in the turret on the right side of the howitzer, the assistant driver/loader moved up from his seat in the right front hull, and the driver stayed at his position.
Due to the larger turret, the driver compartment crew hatches on the top of the hull had to be removed. These hatches served double duty on the M5, offering crew access as well as allowing the driver and assistant driver/loader to raise their seats and drive with their heads out of their hatch for greatly improved visibility. In the M8, the hatches were replaced with smaller hinged plates on the front of the glacis that could be opened by rotating them upward or lowered to "button up". To provide visibility when the hatches were closed, periscopes were placed on the top of the hull in front of the driver and loader. These openings were too small to be used for crew access, so those crew members had to access the tank through the open-topped turret.
In early 1944, production was phased out in favor of the M4 or M4A3 armed with the M101 howitzer, having better protection, firepower and mobility (albeit not as fast).
Armor.
The M8 was based upon the light tank M5 (itself a descendant of the light tank M3), and so had relatively thin armor. The lower hull armor ranged from to on the sides to on the lower front and on the lower rear. The lower hull sides were vertical, while the lower hull front was sloped at 18 degrees from the vertical, and the lower hull rear, which protected the engine and radiator, was sloped at 17 degrees from the vertical. The hull floor ranged from thick at the front to thick at the rear. The glacis plate of the M8 was sloped at 45 degrees from the vertical and was thick. The upper hull sides, like the lower hull sides, were vertical and thick at the front, thinning to thick at the rear. The upper rear hull was a vertical plate, . The plate sloped at 50 degrees for a short distance before it met the hull roof, which was uniformly thick, and flat.
The turret of the M8 was of cast steel. It was thick at the front, which was rounded, sloping from 0 to 63 degrees from the vertical. The sides and rear were thick and sloped at 20 degrees from the vertical. The cast gun shield, which covered the barrel of the 75 mm Howitzer M2/M3, was thick and rounded.
Armament.
The armament of the M8 consisted of a new open-topped turret armed with a 75 mm M2 howitzer, later a 75 mm M3 howitzer. The M8 carried 46 rounds of 75 mm ammunition; 11 rounds at the right rear of the fighting compartment, 20 rounds at the left rear of the fighting compartment, 9 rounds in the left hull sponson, and 6 "ready" rounds stored between the driver and assistant driver's positions. The most common types of ammunition carried were the M89 white phosphorus shell and the M48 high explosive shell. Unlike the standard M5 light tank, the M8 featured no hull-mounted or coaxial Browning M1919A4 .30 caliber machine gun. A Browning M2HB .50 caliber machine gun with 400 rounds was mounted on the right rear corner of the turret for local defense and anti-aircraft purposes. For self-defense, the vehicle driver was provided with a Thompson submachine gun, while the other three crew members were issued M1 carbines.
Production.
1,778 of the howitzer motor carriage M8 were produced by the Cadillac division of General Motors from September 1942 to January 1944.
Combat service.
M8s were issued to Headquarters companies in medium tank battalions. Starting in early 1944 they were replaced by the 105mm howitzer variant of the M4 Sherman tank. The 75 mm howitzer motor carriage M8 was assigned to the Assault Gun Troops of Cavalry Reconnaissance Squadrons in order to give them close support against enemy fortified positions. The high elevation (+40/-20 degrees) of the howitzer was useful for hitting enemies emplaced on the sides of hills. The M8 was used in the Italian Campaign, the Western Front, and in the Pacific Theater by the US Army and on the Western Front by the French Army. It was also used by the French Union and State of Vietnam during the First Indochina War. It stayed in French service until 1962 and saw service in Algeria.
Nine M8s were also used by the partisans in Yugoslavia under the name Kadilak.

</doc>
<doc id="6928375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928375" title="Goodbye to You (Roxette song)">
Goodbye to You (Roxette song)

"Goodbye to You" is a song by Swedish pop music duo Roxette, released on 3 December 1986 by EMI as the second single from their debut studio album, "Pearls of Passion" (1986). The song was written by Per Gessle, and was backed by album track "So Far Away". It was only released commercially on 7" vinyl exclusively in Sweden, although a limited test pressing 12" vinyl was also created, containing an exclusive remix of the song. The single peaked at number nine on the Swedish Singles Chart. No music video was created for the track.
Formats and track listings.
All lyrics and music written by Per Gessle, except "So Far Away" lyrics by Gessle and Hasse Huss 
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Rox Box/Roxette 86–06".
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6928377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928377" title="Arturo Tappin">
Arturo Tappin

Arturo Tappin is a jazz/reggae saxophonist from Barbados. He performs predominantly the genre of smooth jazz, and has performed alongside personalities such as Roberta Flack, Monty Alexander, and on an album by Luther Vandross.
He is based in New York City, but is strongly linked to his homeland. In the late 1980s he made his debut as a leader of his own quintet including pianist Jacky Terrasson at International Barbados/Caribbean Jazz Festival.
Background.
Arturo Tappin began his musical career, with formal training at Berklee College of Music. Described as a cross between the Teddy Pendergrass and Kenny G, Tappin has been referred to as: "the smoothest, horn man the Caribbean has to offer." Influenced by the roots culture, he made headway with his roots-reggae Jazz-fusion album for his debut recording, and increased the hype with a repeat performance on his second album, entitled "Java", both licensed by Pioneer Records in Japan.
His dynamic live performances and his reputation for putting on explosive shows led him to perform at the Edinburgh Festival, Soho Jazz Festival, Miami AT&amp;T Caribbean Jazz Festival, St. Lucia, Antigua, Curaçao, Montserrat,SKNVibes | Montserrat Jazzes Up Annual Calabash Festival St. Kitts, St. Vincent, Grenada and Barbados Jazz festivals, Arturo continued his live performance schedule at Bob Marley's Birthday Bash, James Bond Film Festival in Jamaica, and Trinidad's Independence Day celebration in Miami. Besides touring jazz festivals the world over, Tappin has performed at social engagements as well including a performance for past United States President Bill Clinton and twice for Fidel Castro and President Barack Obama. He received the 2005 Excellence in the Arts award from former Jamaican Prime Minister P. J. Patterson.
Tappin has played and recorded with many artists including Luther Vandross, Eddy Grant, Red Rodney, Milt Hilton, Monty Alexander, Ernest Ranglin, Jacky Terrasson, Courtney Pine, Al Harewood, Roy Haynes, Ellis Marsalis, Oliver Jones, Doc Cheatham, Pete King, Mutabaruka, The Wailers Band, Earl Brooks Jr., Frederick "Toots" Hibbert, Third World, Mikey Bennet, Dennis Bovell, Sandra Cross, Luther François, Maxi Priest, Bongo Herman and Dean Fraser. Tappin attributes much of his success to a former tutor at Berklee College of Music, Bill Pierce (Art Blakey and the Jazz Messengers), uncle Elombe Mottley, and his parents for their constant love and support. He can be currently seen on stage with singer and pianist Roberta Flack.
Artistes who have credited Tappin as a source of inspiration include: Elan Trotman and Shabaka Hutchings.
He is also a first cousin of The Hon. Mia Mottley, first female Prime Minister of Barbados.
Awards.
In 2003, Tappin won the SUNSHINE Award for Contribution to Caribbean Art Comedy Dance Drama Music and Poetry
In 2021 the blog CONAN Daily ranked Tappin as #7 on its list of Barbados' "10 most handsome men alive".

</doc>
<doc id="6928384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928384" title="EPCA-2">
EPCA-2



</doc>
<doc id="6928386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928386" title="Escallion">
Escallion



</doc>
<doc id="6928387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928387" title="Institute of Advanced Study (Durham)">
Institute of Advanced Study (Durham)

The Institute of Advanced Study (IAS) is an interdisciplinary research centre of Durham University. The IAS - set up to mark Durham's 175th anniversary - is intended to attract scholars and public figures from across the world to collaborate on 'agenda-setting research'. It is housed in the Grade II* listed Bishop Cosin's Hall, an early 18th century building on Palace Green, Durham, within the Durham UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Institute accepted its first fellows in January 2006 and was formally inaugurated into the university in October that year.
Mission.
The goal of the IAS, in the university's own words, is to 'offer world-leading researchers a unique space for transformative reflection in and beyond individual disciplines'. Fellows selected by the university advance their own research, engage with academic departments, deliver public lectures and seminars, and contribute to research projects across the university.
IAS activity is based around research projects across the Sciences, Social Sciences, Business and Humanities. These projects are chosen to provide an interdisciplinary perspective on important questions. For the inaugural theme in 2006-2007 the university selected the "Legacy of Darwin" as a way of exploring the impact of Darwinian thought on multiple academic subjects. Since 2019 the Institute no longer runs annual themes, but instead supports major projects, and smaller development projects, across disciplines at Durham University. Some Fellows are associated with these projects, whilst others remain welcome to come to Durham through an open competition. In this way, the Institute aims to help support, develop, and grow ideas across Durham University which offer novel perspectives on important topics.
Fellowships.
The IAS offers fellowships to UK and international scholars. The Fellowships each last three months, with two cohorts of 10 participants joining in January and October. Applicants may be from any academic discipline or professional background, though preference is given to those applying from overseas.
Each fellow becomes a member of one of the university's colleges. As well as accommodation, college membership also entails inclusion with the Senior Common Room and access to formal dinners and events. Every IAS Fellow, regardless of college affiliation, also receives honorary membership of the University College Senior Common Room and the right to take occasional meals at the college.
In addition to the International Fellowship, academic members of Durham University that have led IAS projects, or hosted IAS Fellows, form the institute's Associate Fellowship which offers an interdisciplinary community within and across Durham University. The IAS also acts as host for some other Fellowships at Durham University such as the Sir Harry Evans Global Fellowship.
Directorate.
The IAS is run by a Director and four co-directors, each linked to one of Durham University's four faculties. The directors are responsible for the academic calendar and research events of the IAS.
Advisory Council.
The advisory council works alongside the directors. It meets once a year to develop the academic calendar of the IAS and aid in its promotion through members acting as ambassadors to the IAS and advising on new research themes. The council consists of representatives from Durham University, and from other universities from across Britain and overseas.

</doc>
<doc id="6928388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928388" title="ATM 96 mine">
ATM 96 mine

The ATM 96 is a plastic cased Austrian anti-tank mine produced by Dynamit Nobel Wien. The mine had a dome-shaped pressure plate and an optional tilt rod fuse.

</doc>
<doc id="6928395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928395" title="2005 Kobe mayoral election">
2005 Kobe mayoral election

Kobe held a mayoral election on October 23, 2005. Incumbent Tatsuo Yada backed by all parties except JCP won.
 
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="6928398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928398" title="Jim Elliot (disambiguation)">
Jim Elliot (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6928402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928402" title="Frank Morton (journalist)">
Frank Morton (journalist)

Frank Morton (12 May 1869 – 15 December 1923) was a journalist and poet, active in Australia.
Morton was born at Bromley, Kent, England, the son of James Morton, a plumber, and his wife Rhoda, "née" Hookham. He was educated at a private school at Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, where he obtained a good grounding in the classics and French.
Writing career.
At 16 years of age Morton migrated to Sydney with his family. Early in 1889 he obtained work as a seaman and sailed in the "Conqueror" for America but left the ship at Hong Kong. He was a teacher there for a few months, and at the end of the year obtained work on "The Straits Times". In 1892 he went to Calcutta and did editorial work on the "Englishman".
In 1894 he returned to Australia. He worked for various papers in Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland and Tasmania for about 10 years before joining the staff of the Otago Daily Times in 1905. His most remarkable work in New Zealand, however, was his editing of a monthly journal, the "Triad", of which he frequently wrote the greater part himself under various pen-names. In 1908 he published "Laughter and Tears, Verses of a Journalist", at Wellington, and in 1909 "The Angel of the Earthquake", prose sketches with a poem. "The Yacht of Dreams", a novel, was published in 1911.
Morton returned to Australia about 1914 and contributed a significant amount of journalism, both prose and verse, to the "Triad", "The Bulletin", the "Lone Hand", and others. His "Verses for Marjorie and Some Others" was published in September 1916, followed by "The Secret Spring" (1919), and "Man and the Devil, a Book of Shame and Pity" (1922). He was a friend of David McKee Wright. He lived at Manly, New South Wales, for some years and died of acute nephritis on 15 December 1923. In Singapore in 1891 he had married Louise Holloway, who survived him with three sons and two daughters. -Terence, Beaumont James, Marjorie and Enid. Marjorie's third son was Ian Ross, television news presenter. Beaumont's grandson Glenn Myles is also a journalist.
Morton was an excellent journalist, short story writer, and critic. J. F. Archibald regarded Morton as one of three journalists who "lifted journalism to the plane of literature". About six of his poems have been included in anthologies.

</doc>
<doc id="6928403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928403" title="Wilkinson Award">
Wilkinson Award

The Wilkinson Award for Residential Architecture, Houses (New) is an Australian architecture award presented by the New South Wales Chapter of the Australian Institute of Architects and was first awarded in 1961. The award recognises excellence in new residential buildings built in New South Wales, Australia, often for freestanding houses, but at times awarded multiresidential projects and alterations and additions. Since 2005 it has only been presented to new houses with separate awards established for multiresidential and alteration and addition projects.
Background.
The medal is presented in memory of the Australian architect and academic Professor Leslie Wilkinson , (12 October 1882 – 20 September 1973). Born in New Southgate, London, England he emigrated to Sydney in 1918 and became the first Dean of Architecture at the University of Sydney, School of Architecture.
National Awards.
Winners of the Named Award, Architecture Award and Commendations are eligible for consideration of the Robin Boyd Award presented later in the same year at the Australian national architecture awards, regarded as the highest award for new houses in Australia. Since 1981 a total of 10 Wilkinson Award winners have won the national Robin Boyd Award.
Multiple winners.
Glenn Murcutt has won the award on six occasions and Harry Seidler and Ken Woolley on four occasions. Alexander Tzannes and Durbach Block Jaggers have won the award three times each.

</doc>
<doc id="6928408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928408" title="Haiti Air St. Martin Beech 1900 air disaster">
Haiti Air St. Martin Beech 1900 air disaster



</doc>
<doc id="6928413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928413" title="Optical review">
Optical review



</doc>
<doc id="6928414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928414" title="Jumping Kid Okimoto">
Jumping Kid Okimoto



</doc>
<doc id="6928416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928416" title="Astika (disambiguation)">
Astika (disambiguation)

Āstika is a Hindu who believes in the Vedas.
Astika may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6928419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928419" title="Walter Butts">
Walter Butts



</doc>
<doc id="6928421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928421" title="Rock and Roll Is King">
Rock and Roll Is King



</doc>
<doc id="6928423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928423" title="Panic At The Disco">
Panic At The Disco



</doc>
<doc id="6928425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928425" title="(UK) Hanky Panky">
(UK) Hanky Panky



</doc>
<doc id="6928426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928426" title="Virginia State Route 90">
Virginia State Route 90

State Route 90 (SR 90) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known as Main Street, the state highway runs from SR 616 and SR 749 north to Interstate 81 (I-81) within Rural Retreat in western Wythe County. SR 90 connects Rural Retreat with I-81 and U.S. Route 11 (US 11).
Route description.
SR 90's southern terminus is at the center of the town of Rural Retreat at the intersection of Main Street and Baumgardner Avenue. Main Street continues south as SR 749 and Baumgardner Avenue is SR 616 in both directions. The state highway heads north and has a grade crossing of Norfolk Southern Railway's Pulaski District. SR 90 leaves the town limits and intersects US 11 (Lee Highway) at Staley Crossroads. The state highway continues to its northern terminus at the southbound ramps of its diamond interchange with I-81. The roadway continues north as SR 680 (Blacklick Road).
History.
From about 1946 to 1952, this route ran from U.S. Route 21 in Speedwell, down what is now SR 749 into Rural Retreat, then down what is now SR 680, Blacklick Road, to U.S. Route 52 in Favonia, although the portion in between what is now U.S. 11 and I-81 was not part of the road until 1980. This routing also briefly took the road through Smyth County, and may explain why it is still signed as an east-west route even though it currently runs fully north-south.

</doc>
<doc id="6928428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928428" title="Coeur d'Alene Indian Reservation">
Coeur d'Alene Indian Reservation



</doc>
<doc id="6928433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928433" title="Route 90 (Virginia)">
Route 90 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6928434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928434" title="Virginia State Highway 90">
Virginia State Highway 90



</doc>
<doc id="6928436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928436" title="Willard building">
Willard building



</doc>
<doc id="6928446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928446" title="Foveaux FM">
Foveaux FM

Foveaux FM was a local radio station in Invercargill, New Zealand that began operating in May 1981. The station was named after Foveaux Strait which runs between the South Island of New Zealand and Stewart Island. The station was originally started by a group of investors as 4XF Foveaux Radio broadcasting on 1224 AM. In the late eighties the station was sold to Radio Otago and in 1991 Foveaux made the switch to FM when it began broadcasting on 89.2 FM and retained the AM frequency.
In October 2018, with trademark now owned by an Invercargill resident, Foveaux Radio began broadcast licensing tests over Invercargill City on 104.4 FM. This broadcast of Foveaux Radio has since been discontinued.
Format.
Foveaux FM played a mixture the latest hits as well as older music, the station also ran several talk shows such as "Talkback with John Husband" on weekday mornings and a sports talk show on Sunday mornings called "Sports Comment and Opinion". Evening programming catered to a younger audience with the station running a "Top 9 at 9" countdown show. During the mid-to-late 1990s, the Foveaux FM night show was also simulcast on Resort Radio in Queenstown.
Foveaux was always a live and local station 24 hours a day however some specialist nationwide shows were played on the station over the years these included:
Competition.
The stations main competitor was 4ZA which is now known as The Hits Southland. Another local competitor was Hokonui Gold which broadcasts from Gore but both stations can be clearly heard across most of Southland. 
In response to changes in the local and New Zealand radio market, Foveaux FM moved many of their talk related shows to the AM frequency in the late 1990s these shows were later dropped. The station also moved away from targeting the younger audience in the early 2000s, "The Top 9 at 9" was replaced by "The Eighties at 8".
Studio Location.
The Foveaux FM studios were located on the corner of Tay and Kelvin street in Invercargill on the first floor of a building previously used as a hotel, which was known as the Cecil Hotel. The ground floor of the building was used for retail stores. In 2018 MORE FM Southland was relocated to the commercial building at 20 Don Street in Invercargill. The original studio building was demolished in March 2020 along with most of the buildings in the surrounding block to make way for the Invercargill Central Mall development.
Rebranding to MORE FM.
Foveaux FM was owned by Radio Otago up until 1999. Radio Otago merged with Energy Enterprises in 1999 to form RadioWorks.
In November 2004 Canwest RadioWorks decided to rebrand many of their local heritage stations with the well known More FM brand name and then on 15 January 2005 Foveaux FM became Southlands 89.2 More FM. The change also saw the station reduced to 13 hours a day of local programming when More FM introduced a networked night show and overnight show.
In October 2007 the original Foveaux Radio 1224AM frequency that had been continued to be used for the rebranded More FM station was reassigned to BSport. While BSport was launched as a rebranding of Radio Pacific the old Radio Pacific frequency was used to launch The Breeze into Southland.
Local programming on the rebranded MORE FM station has been reduced over the years. Today the breakfast show, hosted by Gretchen Blomfield and Simon Edwards and a Saturday morning breakfast show are the only regular local shows.
Announcers.
Other early names include Jeff Nuth (Day 1 Brekky announcer) Lloyd Keown, Brian Neilson, Luke Terry, Chris Diack, Alan Davis, Mark Stallard, Geoff Baraclough, Blair Hawkins, Craig Farr, Juanita Rae, Larissa Kellet, Grant Millman, Malcolm Jordan, Karen Scott, Peter Wells, Rob Caig, John MacDonald, Jason MacDonald, Warren Filer, Dave Mahoney (PD &amp; Breakfast host), Jim Healy, Mike Rehu and Dave Wallace

</doc>
<doc id="6928449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928449" title="Lee Jeans">
Lee Jeans



</doc>
<doc id="6928450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928450" title="Recordkeeping">
Recordkeeping



</doc>
<doc id="6928455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928455" title="Early prostate cancer antigen-2">
Early prostate cancer antigen-2

Early prostate cancer antigen-2 (EPCA-2) is a protein of which blood levels are elevated in prostate cancer. It appears to provide more accuracy in identifying early prostate cancer than the standard prostate cancer marker, PSA.
"EPCA-2" is not the name of a gene. EPCA-2 gets its name because it is the second prostate cancer marker identified by the research team. This earlier marker was previously known as "EPCA", but is now called "EPCA-1".
EPCA-2 versus PSA.
Leman, Getzenberg and colleagues describe, in the April 2007 issue of Urology, the performance characteristic of EPCA-2, a novel nuclear protein marker for prostate cancer cells. This paper has since been retracted by the publisher.
A study was initiated which suggested that the EPCA-2 protein serum assay exhibits favorable performance characteristics which are potentially superior to serum PSA. However more studies are necessary to see if this test will retain its sensitivity when used in a screening population.
In September 2008 the industry sponsor of EPCA-2, Onconome sued Dr Robert Getzenberg, JHU, and the University of Pittsburgh, his previous institution, claiming that Getzenberg misrepresented and falsified data related to EPCA-2 after Onconome sponsored 13 million dollars of research over five years in Getzenberg's labs at University of Pittsburgh and Johns Hopkins for a blood test for prostate cancer. Onconome claimed that the test was "essentially as reliable as flipping a coin". Robert H. Getzenberg (Ph.D-JHU 1992), first developed EPCA-2 as a graduate student with Professor Donald Coffey at Johns Hopkins and later as a faculty member at University of Pittsburgh. Getzenberg, former professor of Urology and Director of Research of the James Buchanan Brady Urological Institute, left Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine in 2013 for undisclosed reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="6928456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928456" title="2006 Ishikawa gubernatorial election">
2006 Ishikawa gubernatorial election

Ishikawa Prefecture held a gubernatorial election on March 19, 2006. Incumbent Masanori Tanimoto won his fourth term. Tanimoto was backed by the Liberal Democratic Party, New Komeito Party, and the Social Democratic Party.
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="6928460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928460" title="Rahul Peter Das">
Rahul Peter Das

Rahul Peter Das (born 7 July 1954 in Haan, North Rhine-Westphalia), an alumnus of St. Lawrence High School, Kolkata, is a former professor of South Asian studies ("Südasienkunde") at the Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg, where he was also dean of studies of the Faculty of Philosophy I. He retired in October 2020. Das was president of the German Association for Asian Studies () from 2016 to 2019, and received the Hind Rattan Award in 2006, the Nav Rattan Award in 2009.
Das is of mixed Bengali and German parentage. He attended the Calcutta Medical College and the Maulana Azad College, both affiliated to the University of Calcutta for his medical preparatory education. He returned to Germany in 1974, where he studied Indology, Islamic studies and Tamilology at the University of Cologne and the University of Hamburg, obtaining all his degrees from the latter. Through his teachers Klaus Ludwig Janert and Albrecht Wezler, students of Paul Thieme, he was influenced by the stringent principles of philological research. He applied these principles when he instituted, in 2000, the new subject of South Asian Studies (Südasienkunde) at his university. 
Das has published on a variety of subjects ranging from Vedic linguistics through South Asian Islam and Tamil to Security Studies. His particular areas of interest are Bengal and Bengali, as well as traditional South Asian medicine. One of his major publications in the context of Bengali is his "Lehrbuch der modernen bengalischen Hochsprachen", a comprehensive teaching device for and grammar of Bengali in German.
In 2006, Das initiated the interdisciplinary Working Group on Post-classical South Asia (Arbeitskreis Neuzeitliches Südasien) within the German Association for Asian Studies ().
Das is or was the editor / co-editor of: 

</doc>
<doc id="6928466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928466" title="James Flynn">
James Flynn

James, Jim, or Jimmy Flynn may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6928469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928469" title="Miguel Angel Lozano Ayala">
Miguel Angel Lozano Ayala



</doc>
<doc id="6928472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928472" title="Durance class replenishment oiler">
Durance class replenishment oiler



</doc>
<doc id="6928473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928473" title="MacDonald Brothers">
MacDonald Brothers

The MacDonald Brothers are pipers and folk musicians from Scotland.
The three brothers, Angus, Allan (born 1956) and grew up in Glenuig, a small Gaelic-speaking community in the west Highlands of Scotland. They have an older sister, Alexandra. Their father, Ronald, was known as "The Whaler," (after spending years whaling) and now the three brothers are often referred to as "The Whaler Brothers". The three brothers are all involved in the Scottish music scene.
All three brothers studied under Pipe Major John M. MacKenzie at Queen Victoria School, Dunblane. Iain was later taught by Duncan Johnstone and Roderick MacDonald in South Uist, and at one time was musician in residence at Sabhal Mòr Ostaig. He currently tutors at Lews Castle College UHI, Benbecula and is Ceolas's artistic director. Allan has worked in the School of Scottish Studies and taught piping at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama. He also taught at the National Piping Centre in Glasgow. Angus has practised as a doctor in Cape Breton and in Skye, and is involved with the Donald MacDonald Quaich and the John MacFadyen Memorial Piping Trust.
The MacDonald brothers are known as activists for the Gaelic language. They were involved in the Ceartas protest in 1981.
"Ceòl mo Bhràthair (My Brother's Music)", a television programme celebrating the music and lives of the three brothers, was broadcast by BBC Scotland in January 2007.
Angus's son, Allan, was the piper and multi-instrumentalist in Niteworks.
Iain died in 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="6928476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928476" title="Melodifestivalen 1959">
Melodifestivalen 1959



</doc>
<doc id="6928477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928477" title="Fernando Vega Torres">
Fernando Vega Torres



</doc>
<doc id="6928482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928482" title="Francisco José Maldonado Collante">
Francisco José Maldonado Collante



</doc>
<doc id="6928487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928487" title="Lost Patrol (disambiguation)">
Lost Patrol (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6928494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928494" title="Chief Minister of Rajasthan">
Chief Minister of Rajasthan

The chief minister of Rajasthan is the chief executive of the Indian state of Rajasthan. In accordance with the Constitution of India, the governor is a state's "de jure" head, but "de facto" executive authority rests with the chief minister. Following elections to the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly, the state's governor usually invites the party (or coalition) with a majority of seats to form the government. The governor appoints the chief minister, whose council of ministers are collectively responsible to the assembly. Given the confidence of the assembly, the chief minister's term is for five years and is subject to no term limits.
At the time of India's independence in 1947, the region known as Rajputana included various princely states and the province of Ajmer-Merwara. Over time, these areas were gradually integrated to form the modern Indian state of Rajasthan. The integration occurred in seven stages, from March 1948 to November 1956. On 18 March 1948, the states of Alwar, Bharatpur, Dholpur, and Karauli merged their territories to form the Matsya Union, with Shobha Ram becoming its prime minister. Shortly after, on 25 March 1948, the Rajasthan Union was formed by the states of Bundi, Kota, Jhalawar, Dungarpur, Banswara, Pratapgarh, Kishangarh, Tonk, Shahpura and the chiefship of Lawa, with Gokul Lal Asava serving as its first prime minister. On 18 April 1948, Udaipur State joined the Union, and Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru inaugurated the newly named United State of Rajasthan, with Manikya Lal Verma becoming its prime minister. Later, on 30 March 1949, the states of Jaipur, Jodhpur, Bikaner, and Jaisalmer merged into the union, which was then renamed the United State of Greater Rajasthan. Hiralal Shastri became the prime minister on 7 April 1949. On 15 May 1949, the Matsya Union joined the United State of Greater Rajasthan.
From 26 January 1950, the state officially came to be known as Rajasthan, with Shashtri continuing as its first chief minister. On 3 March 1952, following the first legislative assembly election, Tika Ram Paliwal of the Indian National Congress became the first elected chief minister of the state. Since 1949, three people have served as Prime Minister and fourteen people have served as chief minister of Rajasthan. Mohan Lal Sukhadia of the Congress party is the longest-serving chief minister, having been sworn in four times and serving for over sixteen years. Vasundhara Raje Scindia of the Bharatiya Janata Party is the only female to have held this position. Since 1998, no chief minister or political party has retained power after completing one term, a trend that continued in the recent elections. After a victory with 115 seats in the 2023 assembly elections, Bhajan Lal Sharma of the Bharatiya Janata Party succeeded Ashok Gehlot of the Indian National Congress.
List.
Chief Minister of Ajmer State (1952–1956).
Haribhau Upadhyaya was the first and last Chief Minister of Ajmer State from 24 March 1952 until 1956.
Chief ministers of Rajasthan (1950–present).
Note: Died in office

</doc>
<doc id="6928499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928499" title="The Dreams in the Witch-House">
The Dreams in the Witch-House



</doc>
<doc id="6928503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928503" title="Take Away (film)">
Take Away (film)

Take Away is a 2003 Australian comedy film, written by Dave O'Neil, who also features as a minor character, and Mark O'Toole. It stars Vince Colosimo, Stephen Curry, Rose Byrne, John Howard and Nathan Phillips. The film starts in 19th century Victoria with the invention of the ever great "Take away".
Plot.
Tony Stilano and Trev Spackneys both own, live over and work in adjoining take-away fish and chip shops in Melbourne. Although they have fallen into a habitual rivalry based on a cause long forgotten, the pair unite when the multinational fast-food outlet "Burgies" unveils a new store directly opposite the twin fish and chips shops.
Stilano (portrayed by Vince Colosimo) is an uptight store runner, demanding everything be in order including his drinks and food that are safe to consume – the coldest must always be at the front and preparing the food in a professional way. Spackneys (played by Stephen Curry), however is the opposite. His chips are made of dirty potatoes and he could not care less about health or safety precautions.
Both owners are aided by their two romantically linked apprentices. Sonja Stilano (Tony's cousin, played by Rose Byrne) and Dave (played by Nathan Phillips).
Filming locations.
The set of the take-away store was constructed opposite the Alphington railway station on Wingrove Street in Alphington, Victoria. Other parts of the movie were also filmed in the upcoming suburb of Northcote, Melbourne, including the old AMF Bowling, and the Northcote YMCA. The set was demolished after filming was complete. The land was since subdivided with new houses built.
Box office.
"Take Away" grossed $927,582 at the box office in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="6928505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928505" title="Juan Alberto Andreu Alvarado">
Juan Alberto Andreu Alvarado



</doc>
<doc id="6928507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928507" title="Handle the Jandal">
Handle the Jandal

Handle the Jandal was an annual New Zealand awards ceremony that celebrated self-produced New Zealand music videos. Formally known as the Radio Active 89FM Handle the Jandal DIY New Zealand Music Video Awards, the competition was open to music videos of New Zealand music, made by New Zealand filmmakers with no external funding assistance.
History.
Handle the Jandal was founded in 1997 by Dave Gibbons, manager of Wellington alternative radio station Radio Active. It grew from a local event to a nationally significant competition, attracting entries from around New Zealand.
Handle the Jandal was initially held at the Paramount Theatre but from 2004 it relocated to the Embassy Theatre, both in central Wellington.
Previous winners who have gone on to prominent careers both in New Zealand and on the international scene include James Barr, Chris Graham, Aaron Beck and Rollo Wenlock, who shot a music video for electronic band The Prodigy.
Competition details.
A panel of preliminary judges whittled down the entrants for the Handle the Jandal competition to 15 finalists. Once the finalists had been decided, appointments were made for the final judging panel. Judges included prominent New Zealand personalities and film-makers, such as Chris Graham and Taika Waititi. The judging panel decided all but one of the award categories. The Favourite Handle the Jandal Video winner and two runners-up were decided by audience vote.
The Golden Jandal was the award given to winners at the Handle the Jandal award ceremonies.
2001 Awards.
The 2001 awards were held on Monday 30 July 2001 at the Embassy Theatre in Wellington. 38 entries were received, with 14 shortlisted for the finals. The category prizes were judged by a panel including directors Chris Graham and Rueben Sutherland.
2002 Awards.
The 2002 awards were held on Monday 5 August 2002 at the Paramount Theatre in Wellington.
Winners
2003 Awards.
The 2003 awards were held on Tuesday 16 September 2003 at the Paramount Theatre in Wellington. The awards ceremony was streamed online.
Winners
2004 Awards.
The 2004 awards were held on Wednesday 15 September 2004 at the Embassy Theatre in Wellington.
Winners
2005 Awards.
The 2005 awards were held on Wednesday 21 September at the Embassy Theatre in Wellington and were hosted by Radio Active DJs Jed "Jedi" Thian and Miles Buckingham. The category judging panel included award-winning music video maker Chris Graham, producer Gemma Gracewood, and acclaimed director Taika Waititi.
Winners
2006 Awards.
The 2006 Handle the Jandal awards were held on Wednesday 20 September 2006 at the Embassy Theatre in Wellington, hosted by Radio Active DJs Rhys Morgan and Shannon Williams. 93 entries were received for the competition.
Winners
2007 Awards.
No awards were held in 2007.
2008 Awards.
The 2008 awards had a record 122 entries. Fifteen finalists were shortlisted for the awards ceremony, held on Thursday 27 November 2008 at the Embassy Theatre in Wellington. The category awards were decided by a panel judges, including film-maker Jonathan King, Flying Nun Records founder Roger Shepherd and David Ridler of NZ on Air.
Winners
2009 Awards.
The 2009 awards were held on Thursday 29 October 2009 at the Embassy Theatre in Wellington, presented by Radio Active DJ Liam Luff. The awards had 133 entries that were reduced to a shortlist of 15 finalists.
Winners

</doc>
<doc id="6928508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928508" title="Autonomous Province of Vojvodina">
Autonomous Province of Vojvodina



</doc>
<doc id="6928510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928510" title="Optical Society of Japan">
Optical Society of Japan



</doc>
<doc id="6928518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928518" title="Sending to Coventry">
Sending to Coventry



</doc>
<doc id="6928520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928520" title="David Rivas Rodríguez">
David Rivas Rodríguez



</doc>
<doc id="6928526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928526" title="Damià Abella Pérez">
Damià Abella Pérez



</doc>
<doc id="6928528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928528" title="D'Arcy Doyle">
D'Arcy Doyle

d'Arcy William Doyle (19 November 1932 – 28 August 2001) was a painter of Australian landscapes and historical scenes.
Personal life.
d'Arcy Doyle was born in Ipswich, Queensland, Australia on 19 November 1932 to parents Thomas Doyle and Marguerite McGrath. The family had an Irish Catholic working-class background and his father was a railway worker. The family home was at 39 Darling Street and that house and the surrounding area are featured in many of d'Arcy's paintings. He was educated at St Mary's Primary School and St Edmunds College.
From an early age he took a keen interest in drawing. As there were few opportunities for artists in Ipswich, he studied and copied the work of local sign writers. He was completely self-taught as an artist.
Aged 18 years, Doyle joined the Royal Australian Navy with some friends and served for seven years, seeing active service in the Korean War.
After finishing in the navy, Doyle worked as a painter and sign writer. In 1961, he found the confidence to become an artist on a full-time basis.
Doyle worked in Sydney during the 1960s. His career progressed when the Belmore Returned Services Club of Sydney commissioned him to paint a mural on the club walls. This was so popular that he received many similar commissions from other clubs.
He married his wife Jennefer Taylor in Brisbane in December 1968 and they had two daughters.
d'Arcy Doyle and his family returned to Queensland in 1973, purchasing a block of land in Mudgeeraba on the Gold Coast, Queensland where d'Arcy lived and worked until his death at home on 28 August 2001 having battled bone cancer for a decade. He is buried in the Mudgeeraba cemetery at the Gold Coast, Queensland.
Art.
Doyle has a deep affinity with the Australian bush and his work focuses on horses, sheep, drovers, and other farm activities as well as children's games and sport. Influenced by Norman Rockwell, the well-known American illustrator, d'Arcy Doyle gives us a nostalgic impression of post-war Brisbane and Ipswich as he recalls it.
d'Arcy's work was very well known as he marketed many of his paintings as prints, which were very popular with the public and which were also licensed for use on calendars and biscuit tins. It was estimated that 1 in 10 Australian homes had one of his works in some form.
After his death, the d'Arcy Doyle Art Awards were established to perpetuate his memory and to encourage others in creation of quintessentially Australian Art.
Notes.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6928530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928530" title="Armando Gun">
Armando Gun

Armando Antonio Gun Caballero (born 17 January 1986) is a Panamanian professional footballer who currently plays for Independiente La Chorrera as a left-back.
Club career.
Gun played for several Panamanian league clubs and had spells abroad with Colombian side América de Cali and Costa Rican outfit Alajuelense, whom he left after the 2006 Apertura season.
In January 2013, Gun moved to Río Abajo then returned to Chepo in summer 2013 but left for Independiente La Chorrera in December 2014.
International career.
Gun was one of the only members of the Panama U-20 squad who have participated at both the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship in the United Arab Emirates and the 2005 FIFA World Youth Championship in the Netherlands.
He made his senior debut for the Panama national football team in a January 2005 friendly match against Ecuador and has earned a total of 19 caps, scoring no goals. He represented his country in one FIFA World Cup qualification match and played at the 2005 and 2009 UNCAF Nations Cups as well as at the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
His final international match was a 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup match against the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="6928531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928531" title="Teenage Goddess">
Teenage Goddess



</doc>
<doc id="6928532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928532" title="Arturo García Muñoz">
Arturo García Muñoz



</doc>
<doc id="6928536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928536" title="Earth &amp; Beyond Character and Starship Creator">
Earth &amp; Beyond Character and Starship Creator



</doc>
<doc id="6928539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928539" title="Antonio Doblas Santana">
Antonio Doblas Santana



</doc>
<doc id="6928542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928542" title="Jeri Southern">
Jeri Southern

Jeri Southern (born Genevieve Lillian Hering; August 5, 1926 – August 4, 1991) was an American jazz singer and pianist.
Early years.
Born Genevieve Lillian Hering in Royal, Nebraska, United States, Southern was the granddaughter of a German pig farmer who came to the United States in 1879. He built and operated a flour mill in Royal, Nebraska, which his son (Southern's father) continued to run until losing the business after the stock market crash of 1929. He found employment as elevator operator for the Farmers Union in Royal. Southern's secondary education was at Notre Dame Academy in Omaha, Nebraska, and she was attending voice lessons in those years. She began playing piano at age three and at age six began studying classical piano. She studied piano and voice at Duchesne Academy of the Sacred Heart (Nebraska), where she became interested in jazz.
Career.
After beginning her career at the Blackstone Hotel in Omaha, she joined a United States Navy recruiting tour during World War II. In the late 1940s, she worked in clubs in Chicago where she had earlier played piano for Anita O'Day. During this period, she became known for her singing, particularly for her renditions of torch songs.
Southern signed a contract with Decca Records in 1951 and became known both for pop and jazz. She was the first to record "When I Fall in Love", accompanied by the song's composer Victor Young and his orchestra, in April 1952. In 1955, her recording of "An Occasional Man" reached number 89 on the "Billboard" magazine pop chart. She sang in films and in 1957 had a hit with "Fire Down Below", which peaked at number 22 on the UK Singles Chart in June 1957. After joining Capitol Records, she had success with interpretations of Cole Porter songs arranged by Billy May.
Will Friedwald writes that Southern's "specialty [was] understatement: some might even call her a minimalist." Bassist Charlie Haden said, "She sang the way she spoke, in the most pure, honest, and vulnerable ways. She bared her soul in her singing."
In 1960, while working at the Crescendo, she collapsed on stage. She cancelled a subsequent tour and retired from singing.
Personal life.
Southern's marriage to jazz and pop musician Bill Holman ended in divorce.
Her only child, Kathryn King, said performing had a negative psychological effect on Southern, and that that was the reason she stopped performing. In a 2010 newspaper article, King talked about Southern's shyness, saying she had "a paralyzing case of performance anxiety. Just contemplating performing made her enormously anxious and depressed."
Death.
Southern died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California, in 1991, a day before her 65th birthday. She was diabetic and had been diagnosed with double pneumonia before her death.

</doc>
<doc id="6928543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928543" title="Jesús Capitán Prada">
Jesús Capitán Prada



</doc>
<doc id="6928548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928548" title="Rubio (horse)">
Rubio (horse)

Rubio was an American thoroughbred racehorse best remembered as the winner of the 1908 Grand National steeplechase run at Aintree, England.
The horse was bred in Rancho del Paso stud in California in 1898 by La Toquera and Star Ruby from the damsire Sir Modred by breeder James Ben Ali Haggin. Rubio was sent to the United Kingdom as a yearling, having been purchased for 15 guineas.
As a five-year-old, the horse had broken down so severely that he was put to pulling a trolley bus in Towcester to regain the strength in his legs. The regime worked, and after two years he was put back into training.
At the 1908 Grand National, Rubio was relatively unconsidered and was sent off at 66/1, ridden by Henry Bletsoe, the son of the horse's former trainer Bernard Bletsoe. Rubio defeated his better-fancied stable companion, Mattie McGregor, by 10 lengths for trainer William Costello.
Defence.
Rubio returned in 1909, falling at the water jump. When he returned to the stables, he was found to have again broken down and was promptly retired from racing.

</doc>
<doc id="6928551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928551" title="Victoriano Rivas Alvaro">
Victoriano Rivas Alvaro



</doc>
<doc id="6928552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928552" title="Salt Island, British Virgin Islands">
Salt Island, British Virgin Islands

Salt Island is one of the islands of the archipelago of the British Virgin Islands located about 4.7 miles (7.6 km) southeast (151 degrees true) of Road Town, the main town on Tortola. It is named after its salt ponds, which were once an important resource.
Salt Island is most notable for the wreck of the Royal Mail packet steamer, RMS "Rhone" which sank in a hurricane on 29 October 1867 after she was driven back on Salt Island while attempting to head to safety at sea. Most of the ship's crew were lost, while recovered bodies were buried in a mass grave on Salt Island. It is a short walk from the main beach and can be easily seen today, with a wide circle of stones laid upon the grave.
The wreck of the Rhone is considered one of the premier scuba diving sites in the Caribbean. Some of the underwater scenes in the film "The Deep" were filmed in and around the wreck.
The island’s population has not exceeded three permanent residents since at least 1980. They pay an annual symbolic rent of one pound of salt to the British Crown, delivered to the Governor of the British Virgin Islands.
The island is often visited by yachts and the occasional smaller cruise ship. Where there were once twenty or more households, only a few derelict houses remain today.
Annual Salt Tribute.
The salt harvesting was once an annual tradition on the Island since the reign of Queen Victoria in 1867, when residents would gather annually. It became customary for the Administrator of the Virgin Islands (later the Governor) to send one pound of salt to the Sovereign on their birthday. 
The tradition subsequently faded, but Governor John Duncan decided to revive it. In March 2015, he personally presented the pound of salt in London to Queen Elizabeth II, as a gift from the people of the British Virgin Islands. The specific batch of salt had been harvested specially for the occasion by Calvin "Jandy" Smith of East End, Tortola. At the annual parade celebrating the Queen's Official Birthday on 13 June 2015, Duncan announced the tradition of presenting a pound of salt to the Sovereign would continue in future years.

</doc>
<doc id="6928571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928571" title="Pointe-a-Pitre, Guadeloupe">
Pointe-a-Pitre, Guadeloupe



</doc>
<doc id="6928576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928576" title="Rinxiety">
Rinxiety



</doc>
<doc id="6928580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928580" title="Shri Krishna Sharma">
Shri Krishna Sharma

Pandit Shri Krishna Sharma was an Arya Samaj preacher who came to Fiji in 1926 from Rajkot, India. He was a gifted public speaker and singer of religious songs. He provided impetus to the Arya Samaj movement in Fiji. Under his influence Arya Samaj schools and temples were established in Fiji. He was responsible for the establishment of the "Hindu Maha Sabha" for the purpose of uniting all Hindus in Fiji. He advocated "shuddhi" (reconversion to Hinduism) and this caused conflict with Muslims and Christians in Fiji.
Sharma also started a monthly Hindi language newspaper called the "Vedic Sandesh".
He returned to India in 1929 and the Government of Fiji refused permission for him to return to Fiji.
In 1956, he returned to Fiji to participate in the Golden Jubilee of the Arya Samaj in Fiji. He founded the D.A.V. College in Suva and an Arya temple in Nadi.
See also.
Arya Samaj in Fiji

</doc>
<doc id="6928590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928590" title="Gavriil Nikitich Gorelov">
Gavriil Nikitich Gorelov



</doc>
<doc id="6928593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928593" title="Nikolai Ivanovich Fechin">
Nikolai Ivanovich Fechin



</doc>
<doc id="6928594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928594" title="Tide-class replenishment oiler">
Tide-class replenishment oiler

The Tide class was a series of six replenishment oilers used by the Royal Fleet Auxiliary (RFA), the naval auxiliary fleet of the United Kingdom, the Royal Australian Navy (RAN), and the Chilean Navy.
The class was based on , which had served with the British Pacific Fleet during the Second World War. Three ships were laid down for the RFA in 1953, with a fourth being ordered by the RAN at the same time. Two more ships, built for the RFA to a modified design, were launched in 1962.
Upon completion, the RANs "Tide Austral" could not be accepted into service because of manpower and financial difficulties. The ship was instead loaned to the RFA from 1955 until 1962, when she was returned to the RAN and commissioned as . She was 'paid off' in 1985.
The first three ships were removed from service and scrapped during the late 1970s. The two modified ships, "Tidespring" and "Tidepool" saw service in the Falklands War, after which "Tidepool" was sold to the Chilean Navy and renamed "Almirante Jorge Montt". "Tidespring" remained with the RFA and was scrapped in 1992. "Supply" remained with the RAN until 1985.
History.
The original four ‘early Tide class’ ships were the initial tailor-made fleet replenishment tankers, deliberately designed by the Admiralty for continuous fleet aid for the Royal Navy. The designs were developed from first hand knowledge gained from everyday activities done on vessels such as former "Kriegsmarine" combination oiler and supply vessel , the former fleet tanker and some of the replenishment oilers.
This ships served around the world and set the standard for future RFA operations. Three of the vessels were close to Suez when the 1956 Crisis started. One of the ‘Tides’ was low on fuel and returned to Malta as instructed, to refuel. However, it was the wrong ship that went back. It was realised that the names "Tiderace" and "Tiderange" were too similar they were changed to "Tideflow" and "Tidesurge" respectively in 1958.
The two later ships, built at the beginning of the 1960s, were a further development of the class. These two were more advanced in terms of replenishment and were highly effective, even under severe operational environments.
Design.
"Tide Austral", "Tideflow" (ex-"Tiderace"), "Tidesurge" (ex-"Tiderange") and "Tidereach" were planned with a normal complement of 100 Royal Fleet Auxiliary personnel. They had the latest abeam rigs with automatic tension winches and an astern fuelling rig. These four ships were able to store 8,500 tons of Furnace Fuel Oil, 4,600 tons of diesel oil and 1,900 tons of avcat.
"Tide Austral" was built by Harland &amp; Wolff in Belfast, she was laid down on 5 August 1952 and launched on 1 September 1954. "Tideflow" (ex-"Tiderace"), "Tidesurge" (ex-"Tiderange") and "Tidereach" were built in the north east of England by J.L. Thompson and Sons, James Laing &amp; Sons and Swan Hunter respectively. These three were laid down between June and August 1953 and were launched between June and August 1954.
"Tidespring" and "Tidepool" were designed around a normal complement of 110 Royal Fleet Auxiliary personnel with provision for up to 24 Royal Navy personnel. They were designed with abeam replenishment at sea rigs, which had automatic tensioning winches and they had an astern fuelling rig. "Tidespring" and "Tidepool" were also fitted with a 50 x 70 ft helicopter deck, designed to be capable of handling the Royal Navy's Westland Wessex helicopters which were used at the time, and later Westland Sea King helicopters. They had hangar facilities for a single helicopter and could support aviation refuelling and defuelling. These vessels were built to carry 9,500 tons of Furnace Fuel Oil, 5,500 tons of diesel oil and 2,000 tons of avcat and the forward hold could take dry cargo.
The construction of "Tidespring" and "Tidepool" was carried out by the shipbuilder Hawthorn Leslie, at Hebburn. "Tidespring" was laid down on 24 July 1961 and launched the following year on 3 May 1962, and "Tidepool" was laid down on 14 December 1961 and launched one year later on 11 December 1962. They displaced, fully loaded, 27,400 tons, were just under 584 ft in overall length and were capable of 17 knots.
Decommissioning and fate.
On 31 May 1962 at Southampton, RFA "Tide Austral" went into refit, and then on 15 August she left RFA service and was passed to the Royal Australian Navy, where she was commissioned HMAS "Tide Austral". Her name was then later changed to HMAS "Supply", on 7 September.
Following nineteen years service, "Tideflow" was laid up at HMMB Devonport during November 1975 and she was added to the 'Disposal List' on 8 January 1976. Just under a fortnight later, she was advertised for sale in The Times newspaper, on 17 January. She was later towed out of Devonport on 4 May and arrived six days later at Bilbao, Spain, for breaking.
"Tidesurge" was also laid up at HMNB Portsmouth, on 23 June 1976. In February 1977 she was put up for sale by the Board of Trade. She was towed out of Portsmouth for the breakers, destined for Valencia, Spain, on 19 April 1977.
On 5 June 1978 "Tidereach" was laid up in Portsmouth Harbour after she had given twenty years service. She was sold the following February to a company in Rotterdam, in the Netherlands, but then resold to a Spanish company for breaking. On 16 March 1979 she was towed out of Portsmouth, arriving at Bilbao, Spain, four days later for disposal.
"Tidepool" left HMNB Portsmouth on 22 February 1982, after nineteen years in the RFA, after being purchased by Chile for £1.8m. She arrived at Arica, Chile, for handover to the Chilean Navy, however, she was recalled to the Royal Fleet Auxiliary on 4 April, due to the Falklands War. She was eventually transferred to the Chilean Navy on 13 August 1982 at Talcahuano, Chile, where she was renamed "Almirante Jorge Montt" (AO 52).
"Tidespring" arrived at HMNB Portsmouth to destore, was then laid up and also added to the 'Disposal List' during December 1991. The following year, in March 1992, she was towed from Portsmouth to the breakers, arriving in July at Alang, India, where the disposal work commenced.

</doc>
<doc id="6928596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928596" title="Tide class tanker">
Tide class tanker



</doc>
<doc id="6928599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928599" title="Risto Siltanen">
Risto Siltanen

Risto Siltanen (born 31 October 1958) is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played eight seasons in the National Hockey League for the Edmonton Oilers, Hartford Whalers and Quebec Nordiques.

</doc>
<doc id="6928604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928604" title="Alternative risk transfer">
Alternative risk transfer

Alternative risk transfer (often referred to as ART) is the use of techniques other than traditional insurance and reinsurance to provide risk-bearing entities with coverage or protection. The field of alternative risk transfer grew out of a series of insurance capacity crises in the 1970s through 1990s that drove purchasers of traditional coverage to seek more robust ways to buy protection.
Most of these techniques permit investors in the capital markets to take a more direct role in providing insurance and reinsurance protection, and as such the broad field of alternative risk transfer is said to be bringing about a convergence of insurance and financial markets.
Areas of activity.
A major sector of alternative risk transfer activity is risk securitization including catastrophe bonds and reinsurance sidecars.
Standardization and trading of risk in non-indemnity form is another area of alternative risk transfer and includes industry loss warranties.
In addition, a number of approaches involve "funding" risk transfer, often within the structures of the traditional reinsurance market. Captive insurance companies are formed by firms and re/insurers to receive premiums that are generally held and invested as a "funded" layer of insurance for the parent company. Some captives purchase excess of loss reinsurance and offer coverage to third parties, sometimes to leverage their skills and sometimes for tax reasons. Financial reinsurance in various forms (finite, surplus relief, funded, etc.) consists of various approaches to reinsurance involving a very high level of prospective or retrospective premiums relative to the quantity of risk assumed. While such approaches involve "risk finance" as opposed to "risk transfer," they are still generally referred to under the heading of alternative risk transfer
Alternative risk transfer is often used to refer to activities through which reinsurers or insurers transform risks from the capital markets into insurance or reinsurance form. Such transformation can occur through the policy itself, or through the use of a "transformer" reinsure, a method important in credit risk markets, hard asset value coverage and weather markets. Reinsurers were notable participants in the early development of the synthetic CDO and weather derivative markets through such activities.
A subset of activities in which reinsurers take capital markets risks is "dual-trigger" or multiple trigger contracts. Such contracts exist between a protection buyer and a protection seller, and require that two or more events take place before a payment from the latter to the former is "triggered." For example, an oil company may desire protection against certain natural hazards, but may only need such protection if oil prices are low, in which case they would purchase a dual trigger derivative or re/insurance contract. There was a great deal of interest in such approaches in the late 1990s, and re/insurers worked to develop "combined risk" and "enterprise risk" insurance. Reliance Insurance extended this further and offered earnings insurance until the company suspended its own business operations. This area of alternative risk transfer activity diminished after the general hardening of the commercial insurance and reinsurance markets following the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
Another area of convergence is the emergence of pure insurance risk hedge funds, that function economically like fully collateralized reinsurers and sometimes operate through reinsurance vehicles, but take the form of hedge funds.
Life insurance companies have developed a very extensive battery of alternative risk transfer approaches including life insurance securitization, full recourse reserve funding, funded letters of credit, surplus relief reinsurance, administrative reinsurance and related techniques. Because life reinsurance is more "financial" to begin with, there is less separation between the conventional and alternative risk transfer markets than in the property &amp; casualty sector.
Emerging areas of alternative risk transfer include intellectual property insurance, automobile insurance securitization and life settlements. It should be possible to adapt these instruments to other contexts. It has, for example, been suggested adapting cat bonds to the risks that large auditing firms face in cases asserting massive securities law damages.
Customization.
The major market of alternative risk transfer is through self-insurance, where companies are still regulated by the government but it allows a company to have self-efficiencies through reducing costs and allowing a faster claims process. The alternative risk transfer market gives a company many types of choices in regards to policy-making, giving it a customized nature. The features of alternative risk transfer are that it allows the consumer to get a policy that matches their unique needs, coverage can be obtained for several years and for more than one line. In addition, due to their non-traditional nature of business, much of the risk covered under alternative risk transfer is mainly obtained through the transfer of said risk to the capital markets, allowing companies to source its capital. The non-traditional nature of alternative risk transfer thus allows those with different needs, from regular insurance customers, to get risk management that fits their needs.
Cost reduction and simplified administration.
Through the merger of risk transfer and retention, alternative risk transfer gives companies protection at a low cost, to the benefit of both insured and insurer. Many programs that consolidate risk through instruments, such as enterprise risk management programs, can reap in benefits as a result of the alternative risk transfer program being implemented. In addition from cost reductions, alternative risk transfer programs are not as easily influenced by the market, allowing stability and a more predictable market from risks. It is also similar to a surplus lines market to where it also attempts to cover, through financing or transferring, non-traditional exposures and risks, especially ones large in cost. One of the drivers of the management is that they seek to reduce both taxes and costs, though in return the costs of transactions can be high. The advantages of using alternative risk transfer is that diversification exists through the finance or transfer of risks, tax benefits, and a low cost to companies in different industries. The disadvantages are moral hazard risks, among other types of risk.
Since the mid-2000s, many more companies are seeking to obtain alternate means of risk transfer through alternate risk transfer programs. This has resulted in a shift where there is more focus on these types of alternate risk transfer and develop this market further, in addition to a changing insurance market and further technological advances. The development and shift to ART has then allowed companies to re-think how their risk is going to be transferred or much can be retained, allowing companies to seek risks that are low volatility and predictable and losses are high in frequency but low in severity.
Pitfalls of Alternative Risk Transfer.
Under-Utilization of Alternative Risk Transfer.
The main reason that many companies shy away from using ART is due to the inertia that companies experience when considering ART as a form of risk transfer. If companies have been successful in the past with a more conventional and well-documented form of risk transfer, those companies will tend to remain with their existing form of coverage and become very reluctant to shift. This unwilling and cynical response, coupled with a lack of historical data and precedent, has generated a stereotyped stigma that categorizes ART as an untested and unpredictable form of managing risk. However, the skepticisms of businesses and risk managers are not misplaced. It is not uncommon for companies to either under-protect or over-protect their risk precisely due to the fact that ART is still largely unrefined and inexperienced. Yet, the largest determining criterion for the reluctance of companies to adopt ART in their business is that utilization of such a system usually requires a full foundation-to-roof restructuring of culture. Employees must adapt, along with the company, to view risk through a different perspective; as well as, adjust corporate methodologies of analyzing and calculating risk.
There are 3 key components that companies must account for and fully understand when considering the application of a form of ART in the corporate setting. As ART is still in its infancy, the stringent standards that govern conventional forms of risk transfer do not exist in ART products. This allows products to be tailored to the unique situation of the company; unfortunately, customization of ART products cause difficulty when gauging the appropriateness and reasonability of a quoted price as well as the fairness of the terms of agreement. The lack of historical backing and burdening amount of doubt greatly attributes to the uncertainty when considering such products.
Considerations to Reduce Uncertainty.
Fully Understand the Product
Know the Seller
Regulatory and Accounting Standards
Alternative Risk Transfer Products Categories.
1.) Uncommon mediums used for common risks
2.) Mediums based in capital markets
Future of Alternative Risk Transfer.
The future of alternative risk transfer is that it will grow with the assistance of the same elements that first expanded the market. The factors that can be recognized in which helped the growth in previous years and that will likely help in coming years are being able to cope with market cycles, diversify exposures, capitalize enterprise value, and cope with forces of regulation and deregulation. Also, in the future, risk management will be something that is even more common especially in companies that lie in other nations. Other factors that should be considered in risk management are, but not limited to technological exposures and intellectual property rights exposures; which in today's day and age are something that could happen very easily. The future of risk transfer does look ever so bright, but there will be obstacles in the way; these include contractual differences, capacity/supply problems, pricing challenges, and organizational complexities. Even though educational matters were not one of the obstacles, it plays a role in the growth of risk management because knowledge of firm wide risks is needed. This can be found in other industries, but needs to be considered when assuming the budget as well as the time. Of all the obstacles observed, each one has a setback on its own and will cause an increase in the timeline in addition to adding to the costs, but if risk management is set to the highest standards, these will just be tests along the way that add strength to the system rather than establishing something not worth while.
Key market participants.
Sovereigns: Mexico is the only national sovereign to have issued cat bonds (in 2006, for hedging earthquake risk; in 2009, a multistructure instrument covering earthquake and hurricane risk).

</doc>
<doc id="6928611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928611" title="Nina Simone Sings the Blues">
Nina Simone Sings the Blues

Sings the Blues is an album by singer/pianist/songwriter Nina Simone. This was Simone's first album for RCA Victor after previously recording for Colpix Records and Philips Records. The album was also reissued in 2006 with bonus tracks, and reissued in 1991 by RCA/Novus as a 17-track compilation under the title "The Blues".
Personnel.
Tracks 1–12
Track 13

</doc>
<doc id="6928612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928612" title="Mustafa el-Nahas Pasha">
Mustafa el-Nahas Pasha



</doc>
<doc id="6928616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928616" title="Gordon moskowitz">
Gordon moskowitz



</doc>
<doc id="6928619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928619" title="As Good Cooks Go">
As Good Cooks Go

As Good Cooks Go was a black-and-white British sitcom that aired on BBC1 from 1969 to 1970. Written by John Warren (actor), and John Singer, it starred Tessie O'Shea and Frank Williams.
Plot.
Blodwen O'Reilly is a cook who works in many different establishments. She turns a transport café into a quality restaurant, works in an Army canteen and prepares meals in an old people's home.
Episodes.
Series One (1970).
As was BBC practice of the time, all of the episodes were later junked, and none survive in the archives as of 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6928621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928621" title="Sings the blues">
Sings the blues



</doc>
<doc id="6928623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928623" title="Virginia State Route 69">
Virginia State Route 69

State Route 69 (SR 69) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known as Lead Mine Road, the state highway runs from SR 636 in Austinville east to U.S. Route 52 (US 52) in Poplar Camp. SR 69 is the last remnant of a much longer route. At its peak from 1940 to 1945, this route (then numbered State Route 81) ran from State Route 91 at Lodi east via St. Clair Bottom, Sugar Grove, Cedar Springs, Speedwell, Porters Crossroads, and Austinville to today's SR 69. However, it was never fully continuous; portions from Sugar Grove to Cedar Springs and west of Porters Crossroads to east of Austinville were secondary routes. The full length of this route as it existed and was planned is now part of SR 762, part of SR 660, all of SR 650, part of SR 16 (and SR 695, its former alignment at Sugar Grove), all of SR 614, part of SR 749, part of US 21, part of SR 690, a small piece of SR 642, part of SR 619, part of SR 636, and SR 69.
Route description.
SR 69 begins at an intersection with SR 636 (Store Hill Road) just south of the village of Austinville on the New River. The state highway heads east parallel to Poplar Camp Mountain and the Wythe–Carroll county line, which the highway travels atop for a short distance through the hamlet of Bethany. SR 69 expands to a four-lane divided highway through its diamond interchange with Interstate 77 before reaching its eastern terminus at US 52 (Fort Chiswell Road) in Poplar Camp.
History.
From Lodi to north of Troutdale, what later became SR 81 was part of State Route 12 until 1933 and U.S. Route 58 until 1940. Other than the State Route 16 concurrency, which was added to the state highway system in 1931 as part of State Route 113, the first new pieces of the route were added in 1928. These sections ran from State Route 26 (now U.S. Route 21) at Speedwell west to Cedar Springs and from SR 26 north of Speedwell east towards Porters Crossroads for 6.94 miles (11.17 km) to a point west of present SR 642. A 3.50-mile (5.63 km) piece from State Route 15 (now U.S. Route 52 at Poplar Camp towards Austinville, was added in 1930 as State Route 116. This was the last piece of the Lodi-Poplar Camp route to be added to the primary state highway system.
Several other pieces of SR 115 from Cedar Springs north through Rural Retreat were added in 1930 and 1932, but became State Route 90 in the 1933 renumbering; the pieces of SR 115 east of Cedar Springs, plus a proposed extension west to Sugar Grove, became State Route 91. The State Route 91 designation was needed in the 1940 renumbering to match Tennessee's State Route 91 on the former State Route 81, so this State Route 81 designation was used for the former SR 91 from Sugar Grove to Poplar Camp. At the same time, U.S. Route 58 was relocated to the south, and SR 91 was extended southwest and west from Sugar Grove along State Route 16 and former US 58 to Lodi.
The first section of this route to be transferred to the secondary system was from State Route 79 at St. Clair Bottom to SR 16 southwest of Sugar Grove in 1945; the part from St. Clair Bottom west to Lodi became an extension of SR 79. The next year, the piece from US 21 north of Speedwell towards Porters Crossroads became a secondary route, as it was a "stub end primary route that could be transferred with logic" with an annual average daily traffic of 201 in 1941, and the route from Speedwell west to State Route 90 at Cedar Springs became an extension of SR 90. This left only the present SR 69, which was renumbered in 1958 to avoid conflicting with the new Interstate 81. (The two pieces that became SR 79 and SR 90 are now also secondary routes.)

</doc>
<doc id="6928626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928626" title="Route 69 (Virginia)">
Route 69 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6928627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928627" title="Virginia State Highway 69">
Virginia State Highway 69



</doc>
<doc id="6928628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928628" title="The Nek Cemetery">
The Nek Cemetery



</doc>
<doc id="6928629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928629" title="State Route 116 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 116 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6928630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928630" title="Route 116 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 116 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6928632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928632" title="Mathur">
Mathur



</doc>
<doc id="6928635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928635" title="State Route 91 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 91 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6928636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928636" title="State Route 91 (Virginia 1933-1940)">
State Route 91 (Virginia 1933-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6928637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928637" title="State Route 81 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 81 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6928638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928638" title="City of Yeosu">
City of Yeosu



</doc>
<doc id="6928639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928639" title="Dublin Senior Hurling Championship">
Dublin Senior Hurling Championship

The Dublin Senior Hurling Championship () is an annual hurling competition organised by the Dublin County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) since 1887 for the top hurling clubs in County Dublin, Ireland.
Sixteen clubs compete. Initially the teams are divided into four groups of four with the group matches being played from April to May with a break to accommodate the All-Ireland Championship and resume during August or September. The group stage is followed by a knock-out phase which takes place during the months of October and November.
Sponsored by Go-Ahead, it is therefore officially known as the Go-Ahead Dublin Senior Hurling Championship.
Since the establishment of the Dublin Senior Hurling Championship in 1887, a total of 26 clubs have won the tournament. Faughs have been the most successful club having won 31 titles.
Na Fianna are the title holders having defeated Kilmacud Crokes 3–16 to 2–18 in the 2024 final.
History.
Origins.
The game of hurling has been played in Dublin long since before the foundation of the Dublin Senior Hurling Championship and the GAA. According to Irish historian James Ware (1594–1666), it was customary in the 13th century for the inhabitants of Dublin to organise hurling matches on festive days. On Easter Monday 1209, hundreds of Dublin citizens left the safety of the city walls and descended on the woods near Cullenswood, now Ranelagh, for a hurling match. Tragically, the hurlers and spectators were ambushed by rival clans who had come down from the Wicklow Mountains. Over three hundred Dubliners (including women and children) were slaughtered in the 1209 Cullenswood massacre. This day was commemorated by the citizens of Dublin for many centuries afterwards and became known as Black Monday.
Other early written accounts of hurling matches in Dublin include several 18th century newspaper reports. According to these reports, the most popular hurling venues in Dublin at that time were the Crumlin Commons, Irishtown Green and Phoenix Park. One such account recalls a match which took place on the Crumlin Commons in May 1748, where a selection of hurlers from Leinster defeated 20 hurlers from Munster. In a re-match a month later, the Leinster hurlers proved their worth by beating the Munster selection for a second time. Another report describes a hurling match which took place on Irishtown Green in 1757. The game was held between married men and bachelors for a wager of 50 guineas a side. The tradition of a 'married versus singles' hurling match is still staged by many Dublin hurling clubs on Saint Stephen's Day. In 1778, police officers dispersed a crowd on Summerhill that had assembled in the fields there every Sunday during the summer for the purpose of playing football and hurling. It is believed that this was the exact spot where Croke Park now stands. According to the Freeman's Journal, in August 1779, there was a bet between the penny boys of Smithfield, who had arranged a bull bait for the Fifteen Acres, that they would draw a bigger crowd than "the hurlers of the Phoenix Park". An account from 1792 describes a hurling match which took place in Phoenix Park in front of what was described as a vast concourse of spectators. The report claims that the game had to be abandoned before full-time because the spectators forced their way onto the playing ground.
Foundation.
The organisation of hurling clubs in Dublin also predates the foundation of the GAA. In 1882, Michael Cusack attended the first meeting of the 'Dublin Hurling Club', formed "for the purpose of taking steps to re-establish the national game of hurling". In September 1883, Cusack began to organise hurling practices in Phoenix Park on Saturday afternoons. The game had long been lost to the city and to most of the remaining parts of the country as well. As a consequence, just four men turned up on that first Saturday. Slowly the numbers grew, with intrigued spectators joining in. Eventually, Cusack had sufficient numbers to found 'Cusack's Academy Hurling Club' which, in turn, led to the establishment of the Metropolitan Hurling Club. Cusack then established a hurling club in his school on Gardiner Place in October 1883. Immediately, the two clubs began to play matches against each other. A report, written by Cusack, records a game played in December 1883: "During the third and fourth quarters the hurling became so fast and furious, the goals were so threatened on the one hand and defended on the other, that spectators expected to be called on after each charge to help the disabled to Steevens Hospital." On Easter Monday 1884, the Metropolitans played Killimor, in Galway. The game had to be stopped on numerous occasions as the two teams were playing to different rules. It was this clash of styles that convinced Cusack that not only did the rules of the games need to be standardised, but that a body must be established to govern Irish sports.
On Saturday, 1 November 1884, the GAA was founded in Hayes' Hotel, Thurles, County Tipperary. Michael Cusack was among the founding members present that day. From then on, Gaelic games adopted a more structured approach and were governed in each county by a separate body known as the county board. The Dublin County Board was set up in 1886 and within a year had organised a hurling competition known today as the Dublin Senior Hurling Championship. In 1887, the first Dublin Senior Hurling Championship was played out and was won by the Metropolitans, previously formed by Cusack in 1883.
Qualification for subsequent competitions.
At the end of the championship, the winning team qualify to the subsequent Leinster Senior Club Hurling Championship.
Format.
Group stage.
The 10 teams are divided into two groups of five. Over the course of the group stage, each team plays once against the others in the group, resulting in each team being guaranteed at least four games. Two points are awarded for a win, one for a draw and zero for a loss. The teams are ranked in the group stage table by points gained, then scoring difference and then their head-to-head record. The top three teams in each group qualify for the knock-out stage.
Knockout stage.
Following the completion of the group stage, the top two teams from each group receive byes to separate semi-finals.
Quarter-finals: Teams that finished 2nd and 3rd in the group stage contest this round. The two 2nd placed teams play the 3rd placed teams from the opposite group. The two winners from these two games advance to the semi-finals.
Semi-finals: The two quarter-final winners and the two group winners contest this round. The two winners from these two games advance to the final.
Final: The two semi-final winners contest the final. The winning team are declared champions.
Relegation.
At the end of the championship, the two 4th-placed teams and two 5th-placed teams from the group stage take part in a series of play-offs, with the losing team being relegated to the Dublin Senior 2 Hurling Championship.
Teams.
2025 teams.
30 clubs will compete in the 2025 Dublin Senior Hurling Championships: ten teams in Senior 1, ten teams in Senior 2 and ten teams in Senior 3.
Records and statistics.
The Dublin Senior Hurling Championship has been contested 124 times since its inception in 1887. The first team to win the tournament was the Metropolitans, who never won the title again. The most successful club in the history of the Dublin Senior Hurling Championship has been Faughs who have won the competition on 31 occasions, their last title captured in 1999. St Vincents, who are the most successful football club in Dublin, are second with a total of 13 titles, their last in 1993. The record for most consecutive titles is held by Commercials, Garda and more recently Ballyboden St Enda's who each secured a five-in-a-row between the years 1895–99, 1925–29 and 2007-2011 respectively.
Ballyboden St Enda's won 5 consecutive titles since 2007 and contested a total of 8 finals in the last 10 years. In 2009, they won the double, claiming both the hurling and football championship. This was the first time that a Dublin club had won the double since St Vincents had achieved it in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="6928640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928640" title="Hotarubi (Basilisk)">
Hotarubi (Basilisk)



</doc>
<doc id="6928641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928641" title="Edith Templeton">
Edith Templeton

Edith Templeton (7 April 1916 in Prague, Austria-Hungary – 12 June 2006 in Bordighera, Italy) was a Bohemian novelist, who also wrote under the pseudonym Louise Walbrook.
Life and career.
Templeton was born Edith Passerová in Prague in 1916, to wealthy Bohemian parents. She spent the first four years of her life in Vienna, before moving back to what had become Czechoslovakia with her mother, to the home of her grandparents in Jirny. She was educated at the French Lycée in Prague, and left the city in 1938 to marry an English aeronautical engineer named Templeton. The marriage was violent and short-lived, and by 1946 she had settled in Bayswater, London, and was a captain in the British Army.
Her short stories began to appear in "The New Yorker" in the 1950s, starting in 1957, and were later published as a collection entitled "The Darts of Cupid" in 2002. Over the next several decades she published a number of novels as well as a travel book, "The Surprise of Cremona". Edith Templeton left England in 1956 to live in India with her second husband, a cardiologist and the physician to the King of Nepal. Her novel "Gordon" was first published by Olympia Press in 1966 under the pseudonym Louise Walbrook. An autobiographical work based on Templeton's relationship with a Scottish psychiatrist, it was banned in England and Germany for indecency, and then grew in popularity and was pirated around the world, before eventually being republished under the author's real name in 2003.
She lived in various parts of Europe and made her final home in Bordighera, on the Italian Riviera. She died on 12 June 2006, aged 90.

</doc>
<doc id="6928645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928645" title="State Route 81 (Virginia 1940-1958)">
State Route 81 (Virginia 1940-1958)



</doc>
<doc id="6928647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928647" title="Boseong-gun">
Boseong-gun



</doc>
<doc id="6928652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928652" title="Arthur Michael Samuel, 1st Baron Mancroft">
Arthur Michael Samuel, 1st Baron Mancroft



</doc>
<doc id="6928653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928653" title="State Route 116 (Virginia 1930)">
State Route 116 (Virginia 1930)



</doc>
<doc id="6928654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928654" title="State Route 115 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 115 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6928655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928655" title="Mohawk Airlines Flight 112">
Mohawk Airlines Flight 112

Mohawk Airlines Flight 112 was a scheduled passenger flight from Rochester-Monroe Airport in Rochester, New York to Newark International Airport in Newark, New Jersey. On July 2, 1963, the aircraft operating the flight, a Martin 4-0-4 with a total of 15,970 operational hours, crashed during takeoff. The accident killed 7 people (2 crewmen and 5 passengers) and injured 36.
Flight 112 attempted to take off on Rochester's runway 28 into a heavy thunderstorm. The co-pilot was unable to maintain control of the aircraft, and it fell to earth two minutes after takeoff. The plane struck the ground left wing-first. It then cartwheeled wing-over-wing and caught fire.
The co-pilot was flying the plane from the left seat in violation of company policy. Both pilots working together were unable to control the plane, as the wind had shifted from a headwind to a tailwind.
The Civil Aeronautics Board found the cause of the accident to be the pilot's decision to take off in bad weather, and cited the weather itself as a contributing factor.

</doc>
<doc id="6928656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928656" title="State Route 115 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 115 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6928657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928657" title="Route 115 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 115 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6928659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928659" title="Ecclesiastical Provinces and Dioceses of the Anglican Church of Canada">
Ecclesiastical Provinces and Dioceses of the Anglican Church of Canada



</doc>
<doc id="6928660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928660" title="Wolfson Research Institute">
Wolfson Research Institute

The Wolfson Research Institute for Health and Wellbeing is an interdisciplinary research centre within Durham University. It is based at the university's Queen's Campus in Thornaby, Stockton-on-Tees.
The institute's core staff comprises an Executive Director, Co-Directors, and ECR Director and an Institute Manager who handles the administration of the institute. The team are responsible for supporting both a fellowship and Early Career Researcher program that comprises Durham academics/researchers whose research focuses on interdisciplinary research in health and wellbeing as well as the application of health research on society. External Honorary Professors and Fellows are appointed on the basis of their seniority and collaboration with the institute. The institute's management board is composed of academic members of the university who represent their departments, ECR and College reps and is chaired by the Executive Director.
History.
Initial funding for the institute (originally known as the Wolfson Research Institute for Health, Medicine and the Environment) came from the Wolfson Foundation with a £4 million grant in 1999. A further £3.5 million was provided by the European Regional Development Fund towards the overall building cost of £10 million. Construction began in 2001, with the building housing offices and wet laboratories. The institute was formally opened on 17 June 2002 by Baroness Susan Greenfield.
The first director of the institute was Professor Charlie Heywood of the Department of Psychology. He was followed by Professor Ray Hudson of the Department of Geography and then Professor Tim Blackman of the School of Applied Social Sciences. Professor Blackman was succeeded by Professor Clare Bambra of the Department of Geography (2011), and then Professor Jan Illing of the School of Medicine Pharmacy and Health took over as Interim director (2014). Professor Illing was succeeded by Professor Ian Greener (2015) from the School of Applied Social Sciences. The current Executive Director (since 2016) is Professor Amanda Ellison of the Psychology Department.
Notable research.
In 2007, research at the institution found that implementation of the Disability Discrimination Act, intended to reduce discrimination against disabled people, had actually had the effect of reducing employment of disabled people. This effect was concentrated on the least skilled occupational sectors, with no significant decrease being seen in professional occupations.
In 2010, a review by the institute of ten independent studies found that workers who have more control over their working hours through flexible working policies are better rested and less stressed, leading to better health.
In 2013, analysis by the institute of the plans for resource allocation within NHS England found that the plans would decrease spending in poorer areas with worse health outcomes and increase spending in richer, healthier areas. According to academics from the institute quoted in the national press, this would "undermine the principle of 'equal opportunity of access for equal need.
In 2014, research by the institute in collaboration with the universities of Liverpool, West of Scotland, Glasgow and Edinburgh found that rising inequality, unemployment, welfare cuts and housing policies under the government of Margaret Thatcher caused 30,000 premature deaths and led to lasting regional disparities in health and life expectancy.
Fellowship.
Fellows of the institute are nominated by their head of department and two other fellows. Upon successful application to the scheme, fellows can access several modes of support, including peer review of grant applications, ethics advice, advice on funding opportunities and promoting of achievements.
Fellows of the institute are a broad mix of academics from across almost all Durham University Departments. In 2021, there were over 140 fellows.
Research areas and outreach activities.
Research within the umbrella of the institute is originated by the Fellows, whose work is returned to their home departments. Individual research interests within the Fellowship are highly variable as a reflection of the overall diversity of academic work within the university. The Institute does not produce any research outputs directly but supports and promotes interdisciplinary research in Health and Wellbeing.
The institute publishes a fortnightly newsletter. The newsletter contains news of Fellows' achievements, grant calls and successes and any events organised and hosted by the Institute including public seminars and conferences. External Events of interest are also included to promote engagement and networking.

</doc>
<doc id="6928664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928664" title="Moon hotel">
Moon hotel



</doc>
<doc id="6928666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928666" title="Gold girdle of Korea">
Gold girdle of Korea



</doc>
<doc id="6928674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928674" title="List of Anglican cathedrals in Canada">
List of Anglican cathedrals in Canada

There are a number of Anglican cathedrals in Canada. The Anglican Church of Canada is an ecclesiastical province of the Anglican Communion. Cathedrals are typically, though not always, the central church for the dioceses of the Anglican Church of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="6928675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928675" title="Etouffée">
Etouffée



</doc>
<doc id="6928678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928678" title="Girl Monstar">
Girl Monstar

Girl Monstar were an all female Australian rock band which formed 1988 with the line-up of Damian Child on bass guitar; Anne McCue on lead guitar and vocals; Sherry Valier (aka Sherry Rich) on vocals and rhythm guitar (ex-Cactus Fever); and Sue World on drums and vocals (ex-The Wet Ones). Both of their singles, "Surfing on a Wave of Love" / "He's Hell" (1989) and "Joe Cool" (1990), topped the Australian Independent charts. They issued one album, "Monstereo Delicio", in July 1992 on Timberyard Records. Child was replaced by Janene Abbott but the group disbanded in 1993. Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, described their sound "trash pop style mixed tough guitar riffs with strong harmonies". Valier as Rich, is a country rock artist and has issued solo material as well as performing in bands. McCue is also an alternative country artist, she relocated to Nashville and has released several solo albums.
History.
Girl Monstar formed in 1988 in Melbourne with the line-up of Damian Child (Feline Touch) on bass guitar and vocals; Anne McCue (Vertigo) on lead guitar, slide guitar and vocals; Sherry Valier (aka Sherry Rich)(Obscure Alternatives, Cactus Fever) on lead vocals, harmonica and rhythm guitar; and Ritchie Hine on drums. After a few months Hine left the band to join the newly formed Screaming Tribesmen and was replaced by Sue World (Wet Ones). The group signed with Timberyard Records and in October 1989 issued their debut double-A-sided single, "Surfing on a Wave of Love" / "He's Hell". Both tracks are written by Valier.
Early in 1990 Girl Monstar supported the Australian leg of a tour by Danish hard rock group, D. A. D., which was followed by a similar support for United States heavy metal band, Skid Row. Later that year they issued a second single, "Joe Cool", which is also written by Valier.
Both of their singles, "Surfing on a Wave of Love" / "He's Hell" and "Joe Cool", topped the Australian Independent charts. The single "Joe Cool", was produced by Kevin 'Cavemen' Shirley. The band provided a support show for The Buzzcocks and then The Ramones.
In July 1992 Girl Monstar released their debut album, "Monstereo Delicio", which was produced by Paul Kosky (Not Drowning, Waving) and Jedd Starr. After it was recorded but before it was issued Child was replaced on bass guitar by Janene Abbott. The group disbanded in early 1993. Valier has a recording career as a country rock artist, Sherry Rich, which has included an album recorded with members of Wilco. She formed the groups, Sherry Rich and the Grievous Angels and Sherry Rich and Courtesy Move. Rich performed as part of The Grapes with Ash Naylor on guitar, and from 2004 in The Mudcakes, which included former Girl Monstar bandmate, Sue World and Rich's husband, Rick Plant. Anne McCue is based in Nashville and has a recording career as an alternative country solo artist. 
In 2010, Girl Monstar were featured in 'Rock Chicks' – an exhibition held at Melbourne's Arts Centre, which highlighted the achievements of women in the Australian music scene.
In 2010, Girl Monstar were featured in 'Rock Chicks' – an exhibition held at Melbourne's Arts Centre, which highlighted the achievements of women in the Australian music scene.
In April 2025, it was announced via singer Sherry Rich's Instagram page that Girl Monstar had reformed. A new single, "Blue Cats with Green Eyes", was released in July 2025, with a forthcoming album of new material to follow later in the year on Vicious Kitten Records.
Awards and nominations.
ARIA Music Awards.
The ARIA Music Awards are a set of annual ceremonies presented by Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), which recognise excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of the music of Australia. They commenced in 1987.
! 

</doc>
<doc id="6928679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928679" title="Crikey (electronic magazine)">
Crikey (electronic magazine)



</doc>
<doc id="6928687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928687" title="Navaikulam">
Navaikulam

Navaikulam is a panchayat in Varkala Taluk, it the northernmost tip of Thiruvananthapuram district in the state of Kerala, India. It is situated 11km east of Varkala town and 37km north of Trivandrum City along NH66. Navaikulam shares many cultural and linguistic similarities with the neighboring Kollam district or Central Travancore.
The term "navaya" means "the place where Vedic scriptures are taught". Therefore, it is believed that Navaikulam was an ancient center of excellence and wisdom. The Sankaranarayana temple is situated here.
Demographics.
 India census, Navaikulam had a population of 27703 with 13084 males and 14619 females.
Sankaranarayana temple.
The Sri Sankaranarayana temple at Navaikulam in Varkala Taluk of Trivandrum district is located by the side of National Highway 66 (about 45 km north of Trivandrum) between Kallambalam and Parippally. Set amidst a vast campus, the temple enshrines the syncretic image of Sankaranarayana, whose left half shows the attributes of Vishnu and the right half that of Siva, this is believed to be the biggest Shankaranarayana statue in standing position. It is one of the most famous pilgrim center in Thiruvananthapuram district. Near the temple there is a big pond. This temple is 1000 years old.
Govt, HSS navaikulam.
It is a school in the Attingal education district. Approximately 2000 students are enrolled in the school, which is staffed by around 80 teachers. 

</doc>
<doc id="6928688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928688" title="Doctor Who Children in Need special (2005)">
Doctor Who Children in Need special (2005)



</doc>
<doc id="6928701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928701" title="Kurigram">
Kurigram

Kurigram is a city in northern Bangladesh. It is the headquarters of Kurigram District and Kurigram Sadar Upazila.
Etymology.
The original name of Kurigram was Kuriganj before it was renamed in 1984. The name "Kurigram" comes from "Kuri" and "Gram", meaning "twenty" and "villages" in the Kol language respectively. The name of the district was changed to reflect shifting demographics since it originally consisted of twenty villages. In 1775 the population of Kurigram increased significantly and the district no longer consisted of only twenty villages.
Geography.
The town of Kurigram is located in the alluvial plain of Teesta-Brahmaputra basin at the bank of Dharla River. The average elevation of the town is 31 meters. Kurigram's humid subtropical climate (Köppen "Cwa") is influenced by monsoons and features mild winters and extremely rainy and wet summers. The region surrounding the town is at risk of flooding due to the rivers' overflow during the intense monsoon rains because of its riverine terrain and relatively low elevation.
Notable people.
Rikta Akter Banu, was recognised as one of the BBC's 100 Women in 2024.
Demographics.
In 2011, Kurigram Municipality had 17,159 households and a population of 77,252. 15,083 (19.52%) were under 10 years of age. Kurigram had a literacy rate of 63.18% and a sex ratio of 963 females per 1000 males.

</doc>
<doc id="6928702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928702" title="Kargopolsky District">
Kargopolsky District

Kargopolsky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Kargopolsky Municipal District. It is located in the southwest of the oblast and borders with Plesetsky District in the north, Nyandomsky District in the northeast, Konoshsky District in the east, Kirillovsky District of Vologda Oblast in the south, Vytegorsky District, also of Vologda Oblast, in the southwest, and with Pudozhsky District of the Republic of Karelia in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Kargopol. Population: The population of Kargopol accounts for 55.3% of the district's total population.
History.
The area was populated by speakers of Uralic languages and then colonized by the Novgorod Republic. Traditionally, the foundation of Kargopol is thought to be in 1146, although it was not first mentioned in the chronicles until the 14th century. In the 15th century, it was already a fortress, playing an important role in the struggle between Novgorod and the emerging power of Moscow. In particular, in 1447 the outlaw prince Dmitry Shemyaka, after being chased from Moscow by Vasily II, fled to Kargopol and stayed there for over a year. After the fall of Novgorod, the area became a part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. In the 16th century, Kargopol was one of the biggest towns of Russia, and was mainly a merchant town due to its location on the road from Moscow to Arkhangelsk (at the time, the main Russian harbor for European trade). Kargopol was also used for political exile. For instance, Ivan Bolotnikov, the leader of the peasant insurgence, was sent to Kargopol in 1607, where he was blinded and then drowned. After St. Petersburg was built in 1703, the trade was rerouted to the Baltic Sea and the importance of Kargopol diminished.
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was included into Ingermanland Governorate (known from 1710 as Saint Petersburg Governorate). In 1727, it was transferred to the newly established Novgorod Governorate. After a number of administrative reforms, in 1801 Kargopol ended up as the seat of Kargopolsky Uyezd, one of the four uyezds of the newly established Olonets Governorate. On April 30, 1919, Kargopolsky Uyezd was transferred to Vologda Governorate, and in 1922, when Olonets Governorate was abolished, some areas from Vytegorsky Uyezd were transferred to Kargopolsky Uyezd. On July 15, 1929, the uyezds were abolished, the governorates merged into Northern Krai, and Kargopolsky District was established among others. It became a part of Nyandoma Okrug of Northern Krai.
The areas south of Lake Lacha belonged to Kirillovsky Uyezd of Novgorod Governorate. In 1918, five uyezds of Novgorod Governorate, including Kirillovsky Uyezd, were split off to form Cherepovets Governorate. In 1919, these areas were transferred to Kargopolsky Uyezd.
In the following years, the first-level administrative division of Russia kept changing. In 1930, the okrug was abolished, and the district was subordinated to the central administration of Northern Krai. In 1936, the krai was transformed into Northern Oblast. In 1937, Northern Oblast itself was split into Arkhangelsk Oblast and Vologda Oblast. Kargopolsky District remained in Arkhangelsk Oblast ever since.
Geography.
The district is almost exclusively located in the basin of the Onega River, which is the biggest river in the district, and belongs to the basin of the White Sea. The source of the Onega is Lake Lacha, which is the biggest lake in the district. The northeastern shore of Lake Vozhe, also in the basin of the Onega, belongs to Kargopolsky District, but the lake itself is in Vologda Oblast. The two lakes are connected by the Svid River. The major tributary of the Onega is the Voloshka River (left). Some minor areas in the northwest of the district belong to the basin of the Vodla River and eventually of the Baltic Sea, and very minor areas in the southwest belong to the basin of the Kema River and eventually to the Caspian Sea.
There are many lakes in the district, especially in the northwest. The biggest lake after Lake Lacha is Lake Lyokshmozero, which is connected to the Onega by the Lyokshma River.
The major part of the district is covered by coniferous forests (taiga).
The northern part of the district, including Lake Lyokshmozero, is included into Kenozersky National Park (which is split between Kargopolsky and Plesetsky Districts).
Administrative and municipal status.
The borders of Kargopolsky District for the most part conform to those of the municipal district, with the exception of the settlement of Sovza, which is administratively a part of Yertsevsky Selsoviet of Konoshsky District, but is municipally incorporated within Ukhotskoye Rural Settlement of Kargopolsky Municipal District.
Administrative divisions.
As an administrative division, the district is divided into twelve selsoviets and one town of district significance (Kargopol). The following selsoviets have been established (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Municipal divisions.
As a municipal division, the district is divided into one urban settlement and five rural settlements (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Economy.
Industry.
Timber industry is the basic industry of the district. The linum production factory, which used to exist in Kargopol until the 1970s, is defunct.
Agriculture.
Traditionally, the lands northwest of Kargopol were used to grow crops, and until the 1970s linum was also cultivated. However, these activities became unprofitable due to depopulation (in a hundred years, the number of villages was reduced by a factor of five), and in the 1970s the district's production shifted to beef and milk. This has been further reduced in the 1990s due to the economic crisis in Russia. There is also fishery, mainly on the lakes including Lake Lacha.
Transportation.
Kargopol is connected by a paved road with Nyandoma and further east the principal highway in the region, M8 connecting Moscow and Arkhangelsk.
There is a road to the north, which connects to M8 via Plesetsk and Brin-Navolok. This is the historic trading route which connected Kargopol with Arkhangelsk before the railroad was built, and long stretches of this road are still unpaved. The stretch between Kargopol and Plesetsk was paved in 2011. Another unpaved road in the western direction crosses the border with the Republic of Karelia and heads to Pudozh.
There is no railroad in Kargopol, even though at the time of construction of the railway between Vologda and Arkhangelsk (the decision on the route was taken by Tsar Alexander III in June 1894) it was the biggest town in the region, and the railway was constructed through unpopulated areas. There is an urban legend stating that Kargopol merchants were unhappy with the prospective of the railway construction in Kargopol thinking it would deteriorate the trade, and therefore requested the railway to be built in detour. As a matter of fact, the local governance body, the Kargopol Duma, in September 1894 twice discussed the issue, came to the conclusion that the railroad construction indeed would deteriorate the trade, but that if it does not pass Kargopol, the damage would be much stronger. Therefore, on both occasions, the Duma sent a petition requesting that the railway would be rerouted via Kargopol. This did not occur, since the construction has already started in August 1894, and since the detour would be too big, as Kargopol is not on a straight line connecting Vologda with Arkhangelsk.
Culture and recreation.
Kargopolsky District has a very high concentration of historical, archaeological, and architectural monuments. The district contains 40 objects (thirteen of them in Kargopol) classified as cultural and historical heritage by Russian Federal law, and additionally 182 objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local importance. Most of these are the white-stone churches of the town of Kargopol and wooden churches and chapels located in the area. The town of Kargopol contains a number of white-stone churches, the earliest of which, the Cathedral of the Nativity of Christ, dates back to 1552. This is the oldest building of mainland Arkhangelsk Oblast (some buildings of the Solovetsky Monastery also stem from the 16th century).
The monuments classified as historical and architectural heritage include:
The only state museum in the district is Kargopol State Museum of History, Art, and Architecture, founded in 1919. This is cloak organization, which not only holds ethnographic, art and historic exhibits, but also protects some of the architectural monuments in Kargopol and surroundings. Fifteen buildings, including a number of churches, belong to the museum. Another museum was open in 1994 in the school of the "selo" of Lyadiny. There are also two private museums in Kargopol.
There is a traditional handicraft in Kargopol and the area which is production of painted clay toys.

</doc>
<doc id="6928707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928707" title="Russo-Swedish War, 1590-1595">
Russo-Swedish War, 1590-1595



</doc>
<doc id="6928709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928709" title="Aplanat">
Aplanat



</doc>
<doc id="6928711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928711" title="Kholmogorsky District">
Kholmogorsky District

Kholmogorsky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. Municipally, it is incorporated as Kholmogorsky Municipal District. It is located in the center of the oblast and borders with Pinezhsky District in the east, Vinogradovsky District in the southeast, the territory of the town of oblast significance of Mirny in the south, Plesetsky District in the southwest, and with Primorsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Kholmogory. District's population: The population of Kholmogory accounts for 16.6% of the district's total population.
Geography.
The district is elongated from south to north and is crossed by the Northern Dvina River which divides it into two roughly equal parts. Almost the whole of the district belongs to the basins of the Northern Dvina River and its major tributaries. The main Northern Dvina tributaries within the district are the Yemtsa (left), the Pukshenga (right), and the Pinega (right). A minor area in the north of the district lies in the basin of the Kyolda River, a left tributary of the Kuloy. There are many glacial lakes, especially on the right bank of the Northern Dvina.
A major part of the district is covered by coniferous forests (taiga).
Siysky Zakaznik, a nature reserve located within the district limits, is designated as a protected natural area at the federal level.
History.
The area was populated by speakers of Uralic languages and then colonized by the Novgorod Republic. After the fall of Novgorod, the area became a part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow.
Kholmogory (then Kolmogory) was known since the 14th century and quickly established itself as one of the most important trading settlements in the North of Russia. After Arkhangelsk was founded in 1584, Kholmogory eventually declined. Since 1707, it was a "posad" subordinated to Arkhangelsk. Still, between 1682 and 1762, Kholmogory was the seat of the Kholmogory and Vaga Eparchy (from 1732 known as Kholmogory and Archangelogorod Eparchy) which had jurisdiction basically over all Northern Russia including the Solovetsky Monastery.
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was included into Archangelgorod Governorate. In 1780, the governorate was abolished and transformed into Vologda Viceroyalty, with the creation of Kholmogorsky Uyezd. In 1796, Kholmogorsky Uyezd was transferred to Arkhangelsk Governorate.
In 1922, Kholmogorsky Uyezd was renamed Yemetsky Uyezd, and the uyezd's administrative center was moved to Yemetsk. On May 15, 1925, Yemetsky Uyezd was abolished and merged into Arkhangelsky Uyezd. In 1929, several governorates were merged into Northern Krai. On July 15, 1929, the uyezds were abolished and Kholmogorsky and Yemetsky Districts were established on the territory which had previously been a part of Kholmogorsky and Arkhangelsky Uyezds. These districts became a part of Arkhangelsk Okrug of Northern Krai.
In the following years, the first-level administrative division of Russia kept changing. In 1930, the okrug was abolished, and the district was subordinated to the central administration of Northern Krai. In 1936, the krai itself was transformed into Northern Oblast. In 1937, Northern Oblast was split into Arkhangelsk Oblast and Vologda Oblast. Kholmogorsky District remained in Arkhangelsk Oblast ever since, but Yemetsky District was abolished and merged into Kholmogorsky District in 1959.
Divisions.
Administrative divisions.
Administratively, the district is divided into eighteen selsoviets. One locality which previously had urban-type settlement status, Lukovetsky, was downgraded to rural locality in 2005. The following selsoviets have been established (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Municipal divisions.
Municipally, the district is divided into seventeen rural settlements (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Economy.
Industry.
Timber industry is the main industry of the district. Food industry is also present.
Agriculture.
In 2010, there were eleven large-scale farms and four small private farms in the district. These produced meat (beef and pork), milk, cereals, and potatoes.
In the past, the area around Kholmogory was famous for a special cattle breed, Kholmogory cattle, which was bred in Kholmogory and Arkhangelsk countryside. This breed, mostly black and white, was particularly stable against the cold climate of Northern Russia and eventually spread well beyond this region. Incidentally, the Kholmogory geese breed originates from Central Russia.
Transportation.
A railway line connecting Arkhangelsk and Karpogory passes through the northern part of the district. This line is expected to become a part of the Belkomur project—a railway line connecting Arkhangelsk via the Komi Republic with Perm Krai and the Ural Mountains. The stretch between Arkhangelsk and Karpogory was built in the 1970s. Kholmogorskaya railway station on the railroad between Moscow and Arkhangelsk is located in Plesetsky District.
The Northern Dvina and the Pinega Rivers are navigable, although there is no regular passenger navigation.
One of the principal highways in Russia, M8 connecting Moscow and Arkhangelsk, crosses the district from south to north, on the left bank of the Northern Dvina. An important road on the right bank connects Arkhangelsk with the valley of the Pinega and eventually of the Mezen. The road within the limits of the district is not paved.
Culture and recreation.
The district contains forty objects classified as cultural and historical heritage by Russian Federal law, and additionally four objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local importance. Most of these are churches built prior to 1917. These include the ensemble of the Antonievo-Siysky Monastery of the 17th century (the oldest survived building of the monastery, the Trinity Cathedral, was built in 1589–1606), the Transfiguration Cathedral in Kholmogory (1685–1691), and the wooden St. Peter and St. Paul church in the village of Ratonavolok (1722).
There are three state museums in the district: the Kholmogorsky District Museum in Kholmogory, the Mikhail Lomonosov Memorial Museum in the "selo" of Lomonosovo, located in the historical building of a school constructed in 1892 on the same place where the house of Lomonosov previously stood, and the Nikolay Rubtsov Yemetsky Local Museum in Yemetsk. There is a local museum in the "selo" of Rakula.
In Kholmogory, the craft of Kholmogory bone carving was developed in the 17th century. Bone carvings from Kholmogory were notable for excellent craftsmanship and perfected technique. The best carving masters from Kholmogory were invited to work in the Kremlin Armory, which performed orders for the Tsar's court. The handicraft reached its peak under the reign of Peter the Great. Currently, the carving is being performed at the Lomonosov Bone Carving Factory. Famous Russian sculptor Fedot Shubin started his career in Kholmogory as a walrus ivory carver.
Notable people.
Other notable people born within modern district limits include:
All of them left the area relatively early to pursue their careers elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="6928712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928712" title="Russo-Swedish War, 1496-1499">
Russo-Swedish War, 1496-1499



</doc>
<doc id="6928714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928714" title="Russo-Swedish War, 1554-1557">
Russo-Swedish War, 1554-1557



</doc>
<doc id="6928716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928716" title="Russo-Swedish War, 1656-1658">
Russo-Swedish War, 1656-1658



</doc>
<doc id="6928718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928718" title="Ducati 999R Xerox">
Ducati 999R Xerox



</doc>
<doc id="6928720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928720" title="Russo-Swedish War, 1741-1743">
Russo-Swedish War, 1741-1743



</doc>
<doc id="6928722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928722" title="University of Žilina">
University of Žilina

The University of Žilina was established on 1 October 1953 as the College of Railways in Prague. In 1959, the institution changed its name to the University of Transport and moved to Žilina. As a result of the increasing role of communications within the curriculum and research orientation of the university, the name was amended to the University of Transport and Communications in 1980.
It was renamed again to the University of Žilina pursuant to the law passed by the Slovak National Council on 20 November 1996.
The University of Žilina is the only university located in the northwest region of the Slovak Republic. It provides education at all three levels of higher education both in full-time and part-time forms (Bachelor's degree, Engineer/Master's degree and Doctoral degree). All the university's faculties provide a supplementary course of pedagogical studies for students and graduates.
Over the last 57 years, more than 52,000 students have graduated from the university; 1662 of them have been awarded the Ph.D. degree.
The university has established contacts with many universities abroad. Professors and research workers at the university participate in international educational and research projects. These include the European Union projects TEMPUS, COPERNICUS, COST, LLP/ERASMUS, Leonardo da Vinci, than CEEPUS, National Scholarship Programme, DAAD. The academic staff are involved in cooperation within the EU's 6th and 7th Framework programmes.
In March 2024, the University announced that they would be closing the Faculty of Humanities due to financial pressure, affecting up to 500 students.
External links.
Faculties

</doc>
<doc id="6928723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928723" title="Icelandic turf house">
Icelandic turf house

Icelandic turf houses ( ) are timber structures with turf walls and turf as a cover for the roof. Turf houses have been constructed since Iceland was settled in the 9th century. Turf houses were the product of a difficult climate, offering superior insulation compared to buildings solely made of wood or stone, and the relative difficulty in obtaining other construction materials in sufficient quantities.
30% of Iceland was forested when it was settled, mostly with birch. Oak was the preferred timber for building Norse halls in Scandinavia, but native birch had to serve as the primary framing material on the remote island. However, Iceland did have a large amount of turf that was suitable for construction. Some structures in Norway had turf roofs, so the notion of using this as a building material would not have been alien to many settlers.
Construction.
The common Icelandic turf house has a large foundation made of flat stones; upon this is a wooden frame to hold the load of the turf. The turf is fitted around the frame in blocks, often with a second layer, or in the more fashionable herringbone pattern. 
Traditionally, the only external wood is the doorway, which would often be decorative; the doorway would lead into the hall which would commonly have a great fire. The floor of a turf house could be covered with wood, stone or earth depending on the purpose of the building.
Evolution.
Icelandic architecture changed in many ways in more than 1,000 years after the turf houses were being constructed. The first evolutionary step happened in the 14th century, when the Viking-style longhouses were gradually abandoned and replaced with many small and specialized interconnected buildings. Then in the late 18th century a new style started to gain momentum, the "burstabær", with its wooden ends or "gaflar". This is the most commonly depicted version of the Icelandic turf houses and many such survived well into the 20th century. This style was then slowly replaced with the urban building style of wooden house clothed in corrugated iron, which in turn was replaced with the earthquake-resistant reinforced concrete building.

</doc>
<doc id="6928728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928728" title="Konoshsky District">
Konoshsky District

Konoshsky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Konoshsky Municipal District. It is located in the southwest of the oblast and borders with Nyandomsky District in the north, Velsky District in the east, Verkhovazhsky, Vozhegodsky, and Kirillovsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in the south, and with Kargopolsky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (an urban-type settlement) of Konosha. Population: The population of Konosha accounts for 47.6% of the district's total population.
History.
The area was populated by speakers of Uralic languages and then colonized by the Novgorod Republic. After the fall of Novgorod, the area became a part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was split between Ingermanland Governorate (known from 1710 as Saint Petersburg Governorate), and from 1727, a separate Novgorod Governorate (west) and Archangelgorod Governorate (east). In 1780, Arkhangelogorod Governorate was abolished and transformed into Vologda Viceroyalty and in 1796 the latter was split into Arkhangelsk and Vologda Governorates. What is now Konoshsky District was then split between Kargopolsky Uyezd of Olonets Governorate, Kirillovsky Uyezd of Novgorod Governorate, and Velsky and Kadnikovsky Uyezds of Vologda Governorate. On July 15, 1929, the uyezds were abolished, the governorates merged into the Northern Krai, and Konoshsky District was established among others. It became a part of Nyandoma Okrug of Northern Krai.
In the following years, the first-level administrative division of Russia kept changing. In 1930, the okrug was abolished, and the district was subordinated to the central administration of Northern Krai. In 1931, Konoshsky District was abolished, but it was re-created on March 21–22, 1935. In 1936, the krai itself was transformed into Northern Oblast. In 1937, Northern Oblast was split into Arkhangelsk Oblast and Vologda Oblast. Konoshsky District remained in Arkhangelsk Oblast ever since.
Location and geography.
The district is divided between the basins of the Onega, Sukhona, and Vaga Rivers, although none of these rivers flows through the district. The rivers in the northwestern part of Konoshsky District drain into the Onega, with the major river being the Voloshka. The northwestern shore of Lake Vozhe, also in the basin of the Onega River, belongs to Konoshsky District, but the lake itself is in Vologda Oblast. The Kubena River, which drains into Lake Kubenskoye (from which the Sukhona flows) has its source in the district. The east of the district is in the basin of the Vel River and minor areas in the southwest belong to the basin of the Pezhma, another left tributary of the Vaga.
Much of the district is covered by coniferous forests (taiga).
Administrative and municipal status.
The borders of Konoshsky District for the most part conform to those of the municipal district, with the exception of the settlement of Sovza, which is administratively a part of Yertsevsky Selsoviet of Konoshsky District, but is municipally incorporated within Ukhotskoye Rural Settlement of Kargopolsky Municipal District.
Administrative divisions.
As an administrative division, the district is divided into ten selsoviets and one urban-type settlement with jurisdictional territory (Konosha). Three inhabited localities which previously had urban-type settlement status were downgraded to rural status in 2006. These are Podyuga, Voloshka, and Yertsevo. The following selsoviets have been established (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Municipal divisions.
As a municipal division, the district is divided into one urban settlement and seven rural settlements (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Economy.
Industry.
In 2009, the most important industry in the district was timber industry (52.7% of GDP), followed by the energy development (40.8%), and by the food industry (6.4%).
Agriculture.
In 2008, thirty-five farms and two agricultural companies were registered in the district. They were growing crops, potatoes, and cereals, as well as produced milk.
Transportation.
There are paved roads in the district, connecting Konosha with Velsk in the east and Nyandoma in the north. The road to Vozhega in the south has an unpaved stretch.
Konosha is a major railway hub. It is located on the railway line between Moscow and Arkhangelsk (built in the south-north direction), and in Konosha, the line to Kotlas which eventually continues to Vorkuta branches off to the east. The line from Moscow to Arkhangelsk uses the alternating current, whereas the stretch to Vorkuta does not have electrification; therefore, all trains from Moscow in the direction of Vorkuta have to change the locomotive and stop in Konosha for about twenty minutes.
Culture and recreation.
The district contains nine objects classified as cultural and historical heritage of local importance. Most of these are wooden rural houses built prior to 1917.
The only state museum in the district is Konoshsky District Museum, open in 2003.
In 1964–1965, future literature Nobel Prize winner Joseph Brodsky was exiled to the village of Norinskaya of Konoshsky District after being charged with social parasitism and convicted to eighteen months of hard labor. In 1965, the sentence was commuted. In the exile, Brodsky chopped wood and also studied Russian and American literature.

</doc>
<doc id="6928730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928730" title="Konoshsky">
Konoshsky



</doc>
<doc id="6928731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928731" title="Soul Deep (Roxette song)">
Soul Deep (Roxette song)

"Soul Deep" is a song by Swedish pop music duo Roxette, released on 17 February 1987 by EMI as the third single from their debut album, "Pearls of Passion" (1986). The song was originally written in Swedish by Per Gessle, and was called "Dansar nerför ditt stup i rekordfart" ("Dancing Down Your Dive at Record Speed"), although Gessle later wrote new English lyrics for the song after deciding its Swedish lyrics were "too silly". The single was only released in Sweden, Germany and Canada. It spent three consecutive weeks at number 18 on the Swedish Singles Chart, but failed to chart in the other two countries.
The song was backed by the previously unreleased title track from their debut album, which would later see a wider release as the b-side to their 1992 single "Queen of Rain", and also as a bonus track on the 1997 reissue of "Pearls of Passion". 12" editions of the single contain an extended mix of the a-side. This remix was created by Kaj Erixon and can also be found on the remix compilation "Dance Passion", released in March 1987. A re-arranged and remixed version of "Soul Deep" later appeared on the duo's 1991 album "Joyride".
Formats and track listings.
All music and lyrics written by Per Gessle.
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes of "The Rox Box/Roxette 86–06".
Musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6928733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928733" title="Sir Frederick Gibberd">
Sir Frederick Gibberd



</doc>
<doc id="6928735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928735" title="Renault GR1">
Renault GR1



</doc>
<doc id="6928745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928745" title="Udono Jousuke">
Udono Jousuke



</doc>
<doc id="6928746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928746" title="Rikard Franzén">
Rikard Franzén

Rikard Franzén (born March 21, 1968) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman. Roger Franzén is his brother.
Franzén spent most of his career with AIK Hockey as their top defenceman. Having originally played for the team from 1988 to 1997, he moved to Germany's Deutsche Eishockey Liga with the Kölner Haie, but after one season he returned to AIK. In 2001, Franzén moved to Switzerland's Nationalliga A with SC Bern where he spent two seasons. He then returned to the DEL, signing for the Hannover Scorpions. In 2004, Franzén returned to Sweden with Djurgårdens IF before retiring.

</doc>
<doc id="6928748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928748" title="Fauxcellarm">
Fauxcellarm



</doc>
<doc id="6928750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928750" title="Connecticut Route 162">
Connecticut Route 162

Route 162 is a state highway in southern Connecticut running for from Milford to the West Haven–Orange town line. Because it is located along the Atlantic coast it serves as a more scenic alternate route to US 1, where it both begins and ends.
Route description.
The western terminus of Route 162 is in Milford, where its name is South Broad Street, and from which it tracks east. After passing through downtown Milford, the name changes to New Haven Avenue. Just northeast of the West Haven town line, it becomes Jones Hill Road. A little over two miles (3 km) farther to the northeast, it becomes Platt Avenue. Less than a mile farther, it becomes Main Street for just . Following Main Street northeast, a driver would then have to turn left onto Wagner Place in order to remain on Route 162. Wagner Place becomes Sawmill Road, which curves left and backtracks to the southwest, meeting I-95 at exit 42. After about , a driver would encounter a curve right, at which point the name changes again to Bull Hill Lane. Bull Hill Lane continues to the northwest, crossing the Orange town line and ending at US 1 after less than a mile.
History.
Route 162 was created in the 1932 state highway renumbering as a five-mile (8 km) road from Route 1 near the Orange-West Haven line to the junction between Jones Hill Road and Ocean Avenue near the Milford-West Haven line. The portion in Milford was originally numbered as part of Route 122. This segment was removed from Route 122 and reassigned to an extended Route 162 in 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="6928757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928757" title="Communications processor">
Communications processor



</doc>
<doc id="6928759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928759" title="Hotarubi">
Hotarubi



</doc>
<doc id="6928760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928760" title="Phantom ring effect">
Phantom ring effect



</doc>
<doc id="6928763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928763" title="Japan Cricket Association">
Japan Cricket Association

Japan Cricket Association, a Japanese non-profit organization, is the governing body for cricket in Japan. It was originally formed in 1984 and registered as NPO in 2001. The Association operates the Japan national cricket team and the Japan women's national cricket team, and organises domestic cricket in Japan. It has been an Associate Member of the International Cricket Council since 2005, belonging to the East-Asia Pacific region, under the International Cricket Council's development program and in 2024, rejoined as a member of the Asian Cricket Council. The headquarters of the Association are in Minato-ku, Tokyo.
History.
Cricket was introduced to Japan in the 1860s, by the British, but did not become organised until the 1980s, when the Japan Cricket Association was formed. They became an affiliate member of the ICC in 1989, and the national team first played in the 1996 ACC Trophy, losing all their games including a 380-run defeat to Fiji. They continued without success in the 1998 tournament and the 2000 tournament.
After the 2000 ACC Trophy, they left the Asian Cricket Council and became part of the ICC's East Asia-Pacific region. They played in the East Asia-Pacific Eights tournament in Australia in February 2002, finishing as runners-up to an Australian indigenous team. Indonesia and South Korea were the other teams in the tournament. In 2004, they hosted the East Asia Pacific Cricket Challenge tournament as part of qualification for the 2007 World Cup, finishing third after beating Indonesia in a play-off.
In June 2005, Japan were promoted to associate membership of the ICC and that year they played in the 2005 ICC EAP Cricket Cup in Vanuatu, winning the tournament after beating the Cook Islands in the final. The following year they played in the 2006 ICC EAP Cricket Trophy in Brisbane finishing last in the three team tournament that also involved Fiji and the Cook Islands.
In December 2007, Japan took part in the 2007 ICC EAP Cricket Trophy in Auckland, New Zealand, playing against the Cook Islands, Indonesia, Samoa, Tonga and Vanuatu. Japan won the tournament and qualified for Division Five of the World Cricket League where they finished in tenth place out of the twelve countries represented in Jersey.
On 22 March 2016, it was announced that Sano, Tochigi, would be home to the Sano International Cricket Ground, which will become Japan's first dedicated cricketing venue built for purpose, which no longer had to compete with other sports for usage.
In July 2020, the Japan Cricket Association won the Cricket 4 Good Initiative of the Year award, following the impact of Typhoon Hagibis, in the ICC's Annual Development Awards to recognise developing cricketing nations.
On January 31, 2024, the Japan Cricket Association rejoined the Asian Cricket Council (ACC).

</doc>
<doc id="6928771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928771" title="Modernization of investigative techniques act">
Modernization of investigative techniques act



</doc>
<doc id="6928786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928786" title="Žilinská univerzita">
Žilinská univerzita



</doc>
<doc id="6928789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928789" title="Hugo Duncan">
Hugo Duncan

Hugo Duncan (Hugh Anthony Duncan) MBE (born 26 March 1950, in Strabane) is a singer and BBC broadcaster born in Strabane, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland in 1950. His nickname is "The wee man from Strabane" or "Uncle Hugo".
Career.
In the early 70s, he was spotted on a TV talent show on RTÉ and signed by the then fledgling Release Records, which later spawned such stars as Philomena Begley, Ray Lynam, and Eurovision star Johnny Logan.
By the time he was twenty-one he had formed his own band, Hugo Duncan and the Tall Men, and had a number one hit in the Irish charts with "Dear God".
Hugo joined Radio Foyle during the 1980s doing holiday relief, after which he was offered a job presenting his own show on a weekly basis. He also presents a show on Radio Foyle, every Sunday from 14:00 to 16:00.
From 1997 to 2002, Duncan co-hosted "Town Challenge" with George Jones, Christine Lampard and Tom McDermott.
In October 1998, he was given the opportunity to present "Hugo Duncan's Country Afternoon" on Radio Ulster each weekday from 13:30 to 15:00. The theme tune used on his BBC Radio Ulster show is "Rocky Top", while he closes each programme with "Yakety Sax" (also known as the theme to "The Benny Hill Show"). In 2023, Duncan celebrated 25 years with Radio Ulster.
In 2001, along with Eamonn Holmes, Hugo appeared in episode two of series one of popular BBC NI comedy "Give My Head Peace".
Hugo is also a member of BBC Northern Ireland's team during their annual "Children in Need" appeal. In 2006, Hugo dressed up as Britney Spears and performed a version of her song "...Baby One More Time".
In 2017 Duncan was declared bankrupt.
In addition to his radio work, and "Belfast Telegraph" column, Duncan plays regularly on the live circuit with shows throughout Ireland on a nightly basis, and regular tours to England and Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="6928790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928790" title="Front end processor (program)">
Front end processor (program)



</doc>
<doc id="6928806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928806" title="Fernand Séguin">
Fernand Séguin



</doc>
<doc id="6928809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928809" title="One Leicester Square">
One Leicester Square



</doc>
<doc id="6928823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928823" title="Lensky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast">
Lensky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast

Lensky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Lensky Municipal District. It is located in the southeast of the oblast and borders with Udorsky District of the Komi Republic in the north, Syktyvdinsky, Ust-Vymsky, and Sysolsky Districts, also of the Komi Republic, in the east, Vilegodsky District in the south, and with Kotlassky and Krasnoborsky Districts in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Yarensk. Population: The population of Yarensk accounts for 27.4% of the district's total population.
Etymology.
The name of the district originates from the "selo" of Lena, which at the formation of the district in 1924 was intended to be the administrative center. While the plans to move the administrative center to Lena had never been realized, the name remained unchanged.
History.
The area was populated by speakers of Uralic languages and then colonized by the Novgorod Republic. After the fall of Novgorod, the area became a part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. Yarensk is first mentioned in the chronicles (as Yerensky Gorodok) in 1374. In 1606, Yarensky Uyezd was formed, and Yarensk became one of the most important towns in the North of Russia.
In the course of the administrative reform carried out in 1708 by Peter the Great, the area was included into Siberia Governorate, and in 1719 transferred to Archangelgorod Governorate. In 1780, the governorate was abolished and transformed into Vologda Viceroyalty. At the same time, Yarensk was granted town rights. In 1918, Yarensky Uyezd was transferred to the newly formed Northern Dvina Governorate, and in 1924 the uyezds were abolished in favor of the new divisions, the districts (raions). Lensky District was formed on June 1, 1924. The idea was to move the administrative center of the district from Yarensk to the "selo" of Lena, but the logistics came out to be too difficult, and the administration remained in Yarensk.
In the following years, the district remained within the same borders, but the first-level administrative division of Russia kept changing. In 1929, Northern Dvina Governorate was merged into Northern Krai, which in 1936 was transformed into Northern Oblast. In 1937, Northern Oblast was split into Arkhangelsk and Vologda Oblasts. Lensky District remained in Arkhangelsk Oblast ever since.
Geography.
The district is located on both banks of the Vychegda and belongs almost exclusively to the basins of the Vychegda and its major tributaries. The main (right-hand) Northern Dvina tributary which flows through the district is the Yarenga. Minor parts of the district belong to the basins of a tributary of the Northern Dvina, the Uftyuga (west), and the Vashka River, a tributary of the Mezen River (northwest). The source of the Pinega is in fact located in Krasnoborsky District. The whole area of the district drains into the White Sea.
Almost the whole of the district is covered by coniferous forests (taiga).
Divisions.
Administrative divisions.
As an administrative division, the district is divided into nine selsoviets and one urban-type settlement with jurisdictional territory (Urdoma). The following selsoviets have been established (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Municipal divisions.
As a municipal division, the district is divided into one urban settlement and three rural settlements (the administrative centers are given in parentheses):
Economy.
Industry.
The basis of the economy of the district is timber industry, which in 2007 was responsible for 85% of the district's total industrial production.
Transportation.
The Vychegda is navigable and there is regular passenger navigation downstream from the settlement of Soyga (connecting it to Kotlas).
There is a railway connecting Kotlas and Vorkuta which passes through the district, in particular, through Urdoma, the only urban-type settlement in the district.
Urdoma has an oil-pumping station in the Baltic Pipeline System.
Culture and recreation.
The district contains fifteen objects classified as cultural and historical heritage. Most of these are churches and wooden rural houses built prior to 1917.
The only museum in the district is the Yarensk District Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="6928825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928825" title="I Want You (Roxette song)">
I Want You (Roxette song)

"I Want You" is a song written and performed by Swedish recording artists Marie Fredriksson and Per Gessle (Roxette), Mauro Scocco and Johan Ekelund (Ratata) and solo artist Eva Dahlgren, and was co-written and produced by Anders Glenmark. It was recorded in June 1987, immediately prior to the commencement of "Rock Runt Riket" ("Rock Around the Kingdom"), a 15-date joint tour of Sweden. It was performed by all three acts together as an encore during every date of the tour.
The single was limited to just 750 copies on 7" vinyl, which were exclusively sold at the venue on the night of each concert date. The song has never been included on a studio or compilation album released by any of the artists involved, and is considered the rarest release ever issued by Roxette.

</doc>
<doc id="6928827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928827" title="John Henry Dunn">
John Henry Dunn

John Henry Dunn (1792 – April 21, 1854) was a public official and businessman in Upper Canada, who later entered politics in the Province of Canada. Born on Saint Helena of English parents, he came to Upper Canada as a young man to take up the position of Receiver General for Upper Canada, a position he held from 1820 to 1841.
Upon the creation of the Province of Canada in 1841, he was elected to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada, representing Toronto, from 1841 to 1844. He also served for nearly three years as Receiver General of the new province. He resigned his position as the Receiver General in 1843, as part of the struggle for responsible government. Defeated in the general election of 1844, he returned to England with his family, where he died in 1854.
He was married twice, first to an Englishwoman, Charlotte Roberts, and after her death, to Sophie-Louise Juchereau Duchesnay, a French-Canadian. One of his sons from his first marriage, Alexander Roberts Dunn, entered the British Army and became the first Canadian to earn the Victoria Cross.
Early life and family.
Dunn was born on Saint Helena in 1792, son of John Charles Dunn and Elizabeth Bazette. His father was a surgeon, originally from Northumberland. It is believed that he had worked for some time with the East India Company. Dunn's family was sufficiently well-off to ensure he received a good education in England. They also had enough social status that Dunn could marry Charlotte Roberts, from a wealthy Sussex family, and his sister, Mary-Ann, could marry Francis Ogilvy-Grant, later 6th Earl of Seafield.
Receiver General of Upper Canada.
In 1820, Dunn was named Receiver General for Upper Canada. He and his 19 year old bride left for York, Upper Canada (later Toronto, Ontario). It is not known how the 28 year old Dunn managed to get the appointment, which was essentially a life tenure, but Dunn attributed it to Charles Grant, later Lord Glenelg, a relation of his sister's husband.
The position was technically to manage the fiscal receipts and expenditures of the provincial government, but Dunn gradually became the general financial advisor to the government, with extensive control over public funds. There was uncertainty throughout Dunn's tenure as to the exact nature of the position. He was appointed by the imperial government, but managed the finances of the province, and was paid by both the imperial government and the provincial government. Dunn at various times asserted that he was independent of either the imperial government or the provincial government, playing the two governments against each other.
During Dunn's term in this post, one of the major financial issues for the province was the sharing of customs revenues between Upper Canada and Lower Canada. The customs revenues were a major portion of the total income of the government of Upper Canada. While the dispute continued, Dunn obtained authority from the provincial government to borrow money from private sources to cover government expenditures. As time went on, the province began to borrow heavily to cover its public works plans, improving roads and canals. Dunn had the primary responsibility for raising the loans, at first locally, and then increasingly on the British financial markets. In particular, his actions in London during the international commercial crisis of 1836–37 likely saved the government of Upper Canada from default, but attracted criticism, both in Upper Canada and from the Colonial Secretary, Lord Glenelg, that one person had control of Upper Canada's finances in this way.
Increasing concerns about Dunn's financial dealings, both in the Colonial Office and in Upper Canada, eventually led the Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, Sir George Arthur, to appoint a committee of investigation, composed of members of the Legislative Assembly. The committee found that the financial procedures Dunn followed were much outdated, in particular in allowing commingling of public funds with Dunn's own funds, which made it difficult to track funds. Although that had once been common in British public accounting, it was now recognised as an improvident practice. There was no evidence that Dunn had dealt improperly with the public funds, but he took any criticism of his financial administration as an attack on his personal integrity. Arthur advised the new Governor General, Charles Thomson (later Lord Sydenham) that Dunn was a “weak man, influenced by the impulse of the moment, and wayward to the extreme." Sydenham imposed stricter accounting controls on Dunn, which ensured he would not have unlimited control over the public funds.
Business dealings.
In addition to his duties as receiver-general, Dunn also held some corporate directorships. He was a director for the Bank of Upper Canada and also for the British America Fire and Life Assurance Company. However, his main business activity was his involvement in the management of the Welland Canal. At the urgings of William Hamilton Merritt, he served as president of the Welland Canal Company from 1825 to 1833. He was actively involved in obtaining funding for the Canal, from both private sources and eventually from the provincial government, even though he was serving as the main financial advisor to the government. Eventually, the government took over the Welland Canal as a public work.
Community involvement.
When he came to Upper Canada, Dunn had all the general characteristics of the Tory elite. In 1822, he was named to the province's Legislative Council, which was a life appointment. He was a congregant and conspicuous donor to St. James church, the oldest Anglican church in Toronto. Over the years, he was engaged in a variety of community organisations, such as a trustee of the Home District Grammar School and the general hospital. He was a member of the Board for the General Superintendence of Education, president of the Upper Canadian Temperance Society and of the Auxiliary Bible Society, treasurer of the masonic lodge of Upper Canada, patron of the York Mechanics’ Institute, and member of the Upper Canada Club. Dunn was the colonel of the 2nd Regiment of York Militia, and sent one of his sons, Alexander Roberts Dunn, to Upper Canada College. In spite of all this activity, however, he never appears to have been part of the social or political elite.
Political career.
Dunn's political position was not initially clear, but he gradually evolved from a moderate Tory, without much connection to the oligarchic Family Compact, into a moderate reformer, supporter of Robert Baldwin.
His political leanings began to become apparent in the political tensions leading up to the Upper Canada Rebellion of 1837. Dunn had long sought appointment to the Executive Council of Upper Canada. In 1836 he finally achieved this goal, being appointed through the influence of the Colonial Secretary, Lord Glenelg, who was a family connection of Dunn's sister. Dunn was one of three Reform supporters appointed to the Council, the other two being Robert Baldwin and John Rolph. However, just three weeks after his appointment, all six of the Councillors resigned when Lieutenant Governor Sir Francis Bond Head refused to take the advice of the council into account with respect to the governing of the province. For the principle of self-government, Dunn had thrown away a position he had sought for sixteen years. Dunn's relationship with the Lieutenant Governor worsened, with Bond Head unsuccessfully urging Lord Glenelg to dismiss Dunn, saying that Dunn was a supporter of the "revolutionary party".
In the fall-out from the Rebellions of 1837–1838 in both Upper Canada and Lower Canada, the British government decided to unite the two provinces into the Province of Canada in 1841. With the union of the Canadas approaching, Dunn suggested to Governor General Sydenham that Dunn should stand for election to the new Legislative Assembly as a pro-union candidate, and also be appointed receiver general of the new Province of Canada. Sydenham agreed to that proposal, seeing the value of having a popular individual such as Dunn on the pro-union side, but insisted on new controls on the auditing of public accounts, and a commitment that Dunn would resign as receiver general if he was not elected. Sydenham appointed Dunn as receiver general and a member of the Executive Council of the Province of Canada on the day the union was proclaimed, February 10, 1841.
Dunn won election to the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada in the first general election of 1841 as one of two members for Toronto, in spite of considerable electoral violence. Toronto was considered a Tory stronghold, and the Tories and the Orange Order of Canada continued to view the Reform programme as leading to the end of the "British connexion." Dunn and his fellow Reform candidate, Isaac Buchanan were even shot at, and a man was killed, at a campaign event in the streets of Toronto. Charles Dickens, who visited Toronto the next year, recounted the events:
In the first session of the Parliament, in 1841, Dunn voted in support of the union, and was a consistent supporter of Governor General Sydenham. Sydenham died suddenly at the end of the 1841 session, and in subsequent sessions, Dunn began to vote consistently with the Reform group. Matters came to a head in late 1843, when the Reform ministry led by Louis-Hippolyte LaFontaine and Robert Baldwin resigned from the Executive Council, in protest against the refusal of the Governor General, Charles Theophilus Metcalfe, to consult with the ministry on government appointments. Following the example of Baldwin and LaFontaine, Dunn resigned from the Executive Council and as receiver general, although a month later than Baldwin and LaFontaine, on December 31, 1843.
Dunn was out of office for the first time in twenty-three years and was described as being "like a fish out of water". He stood for re-election in Toronto in the general election of 1844, but was defeated by the Tory candidate.
Return to England.
Dunn returned to England the following year with his family, including his new French-Canadian wife. He felt out of place in England, and wrote to Canadian friends that he would like to return to Montreal. He hoped for an appointment when LaFontaine and Baldwin returned to office in 1848, but in vain. He died in London in 1854.
Family.
Dunn's first wife, Charlotte, died in 1835. In 1842, Dunn re-married, to Sophia Louisa Juchereau Duchesnay. She was a member of the Juchereau Duchesnay family in Quebec, daughter of A.N.J. Duchesnay, seigneur of Beauport.
Dunn's son by his first wife, Lieutenant Alexander Roberts Dunn, an officer in the 11th Hussars (Prince Albert's Own) cavalry regiment, received the Victoria Cross for his valour as "the bravest of the brave" in the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava. Dunn did not live to see the award, having died six months before the battle.
His daughter Louisa Dunn, daughter by his second wife, married Colonel William Henry Rodes Green, CB. Green was appointed a Major-General in 1875, and a Knight Commander of the Star of India in 1886.
Legacy.
Dunn Avenue in Toronto is named after him and within the area where he lived during his time in York.

</doc>
<doc id="6928833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928833" title="M 51 and M 52 MACI mines">
M 51 and M 52 MACI mines

The M 51 MACI and M 52 MACI (Mine Antichar Indétectable) are French circular minimum metal anti-tank blast mines. The use a variety of fuzes, a M61 pressure/friction fuze, a "tentacle" fuze with four hoses that triggers the mine when two of the opposite tentacles are crushed, and a tilt rod fuze. The M51 and M52 are broadly similar with a thin fibreglass cases, the principal difference being the M52 is slightly larger than the M51.

</doc>
<doc id="6928844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928844" title="M 51 MACI mine">
M 51 MACI mine



</doc>
<doc id="6928848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928848" title="Bergen, Norway">
Bergen, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6928852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928852" title="M52 MACI mine">
M52 MACI mine



</doc>
<doc id="6928859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928859" title="M51 MACI mine">
M51 MACI mine



</doc>
<doc id="6928864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928864" title="Ducati Desmoquattro engine">
Ducati Desmoquattro engine

The Ducati Desmoquattro are water-cooled, four-valve engines from Ducati. They have been produced since 1985 in capacities from .
Desmoquattro vs. Bipantah.
The Castiglioni brothers, from Cagiva, bought Ducati in May 1985, and decided to start new investments in order to compete with Japanese firms. To do this they needed a new powerful engine, so they had a look into different proposals from their technical department. The two best solutions were the Bipantah, a stillborn 994 cc air-cooled V4 and the "Desmoquattro", a liquid-cooled, multi-valve, fuel-injected evolution of 750 cc V-twin. After extensive technical discussions, the "Desmoquattro" became the preferred solution over the "Bipantah", because it could be easily installed inside the cradle of existing models.
The Early Desmoquattro (851 - 996S).
The water-cooled Ducati Desmoquattro engine that has dominated World Superbike racing was introduced in 1986 with the "Ducati 748 IE" racer ridden by Virginio Ferrari, Juan Garriga and Marco Lucchinelli at the 1986 Bol d'Or, and then transferred to series production in 1987 in Ducati 851 form. Despite subtle changes and increases in capacity, from 851, to 888, 916, and then 996 cc, it remains true to the 851 motor designed by Massimo Bordi. That 851 was the first successful adaptation of Ducati's desmodromic valve actuation to a four valves per cylinder engine, and began production with a 40-degree included valve angle. This was also the introduction of liquid cooling and computerised fuel injection to the V-twin range.
Fabio Taglioni, the designer of earlier Ducati v-twins, had experimented with four-valve heads, but stuck to his 80-degree included valve angle, not realising that a much lower included valve angle was needed for the benefits of the layout to become apparent.
In 1991, Ducati increased the capacity of the 851 to 888 cc, creating the Ducati 888.
In 1994, the company introduced the Ducati 916 model designed by Massimo Tamburini, with striking new bodywork that had aggressive lines, under-seat exhausts, and a single-sided swingarm.
Introduced in 1999, the Ducati 996 competed against Honda's (VT1000) Firestorm ('SuperHawk' in the U.S.), Suzuki's TL1000S (and the later TL1000R) and the Aprilia RSV Mille (and the later Mille R).
The 996 cc engine had larger pistons, larger valves, a stronger crankshaft and crankcases from the 916 SPS. But the 916 camshaft gave a softer, less peaky power delivery and less top-end power: Output was as against the SPS's 
From 1999, there were three different 996 models: the first two being the 996 Biposto and the 996S (with Öhlins suspension and the engine of the 996SPS).
The Testastretta (996R - 999R).
The 2001 996R, last of the "996" models, had the 998 cc engine and new Testastretta ('Narrow Head') head, looking little different from a 996SPS, but producing @ 10,200 rpm and 105 N·m (10.3 kgf·m, 74.5 ft·lbf) of torque at 8,000 rpm. It had a six-speed gearbox.
The new Testastretta head's included valve angle was reduced from 40 degrees to 25 degrees which was more in line with current F1 four-valve theory. The bore and stroke dimensions changed from 98 mm x 66 mm to 100 mm x 63.5 mm, giving a true 998 cc and allowing even bigger valves.
In 2002, the Ducati 998 appeared, but only lasted for one season. The basic SP model had a combination of items from the parts bins of higher specification versions of the 996, but unlike the 996, had the Testastretta engine in all 998 models. There were also some chassis and aerodynamic modifications.
The 2003 Ducati 999 was designed by Pierre Terblanche, amid much controversy and criticism relating to the styling.
The basic 999 produced @ 9500 rpm. It was followed by the more powerful 999S producing ) @ 9750 rpm and 106 N·m (10.8 kgf·m or 78.2 ft·lbf) @ 8000 rpm, and then the 999R versions were introduced producing and 11 kgf·m (108 N·m) @ 8000 rpm, capable of 0-62 mph in less than 3 seconds and with a top speed of over .
In 2005, aerodynamic improvements as well as engine upgrades were standard. The base 999 was given a 140 bhp engine and outfitted with an adjustable Showa suspension, while the 999S model had and a top-of-the-line Öhlins suspension. The 999R was the only 999 model to displace a true 999 cc (the others were 998 cc; the 2002 998R also displaced 999 cc) and the engine is good for .
The Ducati 749 and its variants (including the 749R) are similar to the 999, but the 749 has a lower price, smaller, higher revving engine and slightly smaller rear tire.
The Ducati 999R Xerox race replica was introduced in 2006.
Testastretta Evoluzione (1098).
The 2007 Ducati 1098 had a new engine called the "Testastretta Evoluzione" ('evolution'). It had larger displacement, larger valves, narrower included valve angle, better breathing through oval throttle bodies and butterfly valves, lighter weight (including magnesium valve covers), and higher output than its predecessors. Ducati claim this to be the most powerful twin-cylinder production motorcycle engine in the world.
Desmotre.
The liquid-cooled ST3 Desmotre engine has two 34 mm intake valves and one 40 mm exhaust valve and an included angle of 40°. The Desmotre develops at 8,750 rpm and 9.5 kgf·m (93 N·m) of torque at 7,250 rpm. The design is aimed at meeting anti-pollution limits to be introduced.
The bottom end is derived from the 1000 DS Desmodue, with the water pump in the alternator cover.
Desmosedici.
The Ducati Desmosedici RR is a presold batch of V4 race replicas. The 989cc Desmosedici engine is unique among production Ducati models for its use of gear-driven camshafts.

</doc>
<doc id="6928875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928875" title="Aptitude debian">
Aptitude debian



</doc>
<doc id="6928879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928879" title="Kuppuswami">
Kuppuswami



</doc>
<doc id="6928880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928880" title="Zach Helm">
Zach Helm

Zach Helm (born January 21, 1975) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. He's known for his work on the films "Stranger than Fiction" (2006) and "Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium" (2007), as well as the stage play "Good Canary" and its 2009 screen adaptation.
Early life.
In 1996, Helm graduated from DePaul University, where he trained as an actor. After being chosen for a writer's program by Fox 2000 Pictures, he spent several years doing uncredited rewrites for film scripts.
Career.
He wrote the 2006 fantasy comedy-drama film "Stranger than Fiction". He won the National Board of Review Award for Best Original Screenplay and the PEN Center USA West Literary Award in the Screenplay category. He was also nominated for the Critics Choice Award for Best Writer, the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Original Screenplay and the Saturn Award for Best Writing.
In 2006, Helm was approached to direct "Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium", for which he had previously written a screenplay. In 2013, he described the movie as a "Technicolor train-wreck" as reported by online tabloid news source TMZ.
He began "Interviewing the Audience" in 2008, a revival of one of Spalding Gray's performance pieces which he had seen while in college. As the title suggests, audience members are brought onto the stage and interviewed, their personal stories and insights extracted in long-form conversations meant to create a sense of communal intimacy but challenge the convention of theater and story. Helm's approach differed from Gray's in that Helm's conversations were entirely extemporaneous, without any prepared questions, and the audience members were drawn at random. Helm tended to find and illuminate themes and connections within the interviews, thereby creating a through-line for each performance as it happened.
Helm wrote "Le Bon Canari" ("Good Canary"), which was produced in France in 2007, then translated into Spanish ("El Buen Canario") and produced in Mexico. It was translated into English in 2016 for the Rose Theatre Kingston. Drawn from Helm's personal experiences, the play is known for its dark humor, coarse language, and views on sexism and misogyny as well as its use of Brechtian devices.
In 2015, Helm directed "Culo Quasars Cocaine Chaos", which he adapted from the true story of Paul Frampton. He adapted the "Epic Magazine" article "The Mercenary" for Fox in 2016, collaborating with journalists Josh Davis and Josh Bearman.
Personal life.
Helm was married to actress Kiele Sanchez from 2001 to 2008.
Filmography.
TV movies
Feature films

</doc>
<doc id="6928882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928882" title="Biological hydrogen production (algae)">
Biological hydrogen production (algae)



</doc>
<doc id="6928884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928884" title="Eurospar">
Eurospar



</doc>
<doc id="6928886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928886" title="Gerald FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Kildare">
Gerald FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Kildare

Gerard FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Kildare (1487 – 12 December 1534; Irish: "Gearóid Óg Mac Gearailt", meaning "Young Gerald FitzGerald"), was a leading figure in 16th-century Irish history. In 1513 he inherited the title of Earl of Kildare and position of Lord Deputy of Ireland from his father.
Family.
He was the son of The 8th Earl of Kildare and his first wife, Alison FitzEustace, daughter of The 1st Baron Portlester. In 1503, at Collyweston, he married Elizabeth Zouche, daughter of Sir John Zouche of Codnor and Elizabeth St John, a first cousin of King Henry VII, (her father, John St John, was the maternal half-brother of Henry's mother, Margaret Beaufort) with whom he had:
He married secondly Lady Elizabeth Grey, who was like his first wife a cousin of the King, though a more distant one, and had a further six children: 
Biography.
Gerald FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Kildare was born in 1487 in Maynooth, County Kildare. He is referred to in the Irish annals as "Gearóit Óge" (the Younger Gerald) and as Garrett McAlison, after his mother, Alison FitzEustace, daughter of Rowland FitzEustace, 1st Baron Portlester.
In 1496, Gerald was detained by Henry VII at his court as a hostage for his father's fidelity. In April 1502, at the age of 15, he played the principal role in the funeral ceremony for Henry VII's eldest son Arthur, Prince of Wales in Worcester Cathedral.
In 1503, he was permitted to return with his father to Ireland, having married Henry VII's cousin Elizabeth Zouche. The next year he was appointed Lord Treasurer. In August 1504 he commanded the reserve at the Battle of Knockdoe, where his rashness and impetuosity were the cause of some loss of life. On the death of his father in 1513 he succeeded to the title, and was by the council chosen Lord-Justice. Henry VIII soon afterwards appointed him Lord-Deputy. His brother-in-law, Lord Slane succeeded him as Lord Treasurer.
Some of the Irish chiefs at the end of 1513 having ravaged parts of the Pale, the Earl, early in the following year, defeated O'More and his followers in Leix, and then, marching north, took the Castle of Cavan, killed O'Reilly, chased his followers into the bogs, and returned to Dublin laden with booty. This energetic action was so highly approved by the King that he granted the Earl the customs of the ports in the County of Down – rights repurchased by the Crown from the 17th Earl in 1662. In 1516 the Earl invaded Imayle in the Wicklow Mountains, and sent the head of Shane O'Toole as a present to the Lord Mayor of Dublin. He then marched into Ely O'Carroll, in conjunction with his brother-in-law the Earl of Ormond, and James, son of the Earl of Desmond. They captured and razed the Castle of Lemyvannan, took Clonmel, and in December he returned to Dublin "laden with booty, hostages, and honour".
In March 1517 he called a parliament in Dublin, and then invaded Ulster, stormed the Dundrum Castle, marched into Tír Eoghain, and took, the Castle of Dungannon, "and so reduced Ireland to a quiet condition". On 6 October of the same year his Countess died at Lucan, Dublin, and was buried at Kilcullen. Next year, 1518, his enemies having accused him of maladministration, he appointed a deputy and sailed for England. He was removed from the government, and Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk appointed in his stead. He appears to have accompanied the King to France in June 1520, and was present at "the Field of the Cloth of Gold", where he was distinguished by his bearing and retinue. On this occasion, he met the King's first cousin, Lady Elizabeth Grey, whom he married a few months afterwards, and thereby gained considerable influence at court.
Reports now came from Ireland that he was secretly striving to stir up the chieftains against the new Deputy. After inquiries, the King wrote to Surrey that, as they had "noon evident testimonies" to convict the Earl, he thought it but just to "release hym out of warde, and putt hym under suretie not to departe this our realme without our special lisense". He was permitted to return in January 1523.
At about this date he founded the College of Maynooth, which flourished until suppressed in 1538. He signalled his return to Ireland by an expedition into Leix in company with the Lord Mayor of Dublin. Having burnt several villages, they were caught in an ambuscade, and after considerable loss retreated with some difficulty to Dublin. In consequence of disputes and misunderstandings between the Earl of Kildare and Ormond, now Lord-Deputy, they appealed to the King, accusing each other of malpractices and treasons. Arbitrators were appointed, who ordered that both the Earls should abstain from making war without the King's assent, that they should cease levying coigne and livery within "the four obeysant shires – Meath, Urgell, Dublin, and Kildare", that the two Earls should persuade their kinsmen to submit to the laws, and that they should be bound by a bond of 1,000 marks each to keep the peace for one year.
Before long, however, their mutual hatred blazed forth again in consequence of the murder of James Talbot, one of Ormond's followers, by the retainers of Kildare. Again the Earls appealed to the King, and again commissioners were sent over, who conducted an inquiry at Christ Church, Dublin, in June 1524. Their decision was in the main in favour of Kildare, and an indenture was drawn up, by which the Earls agreed to forgive each other, to be friends, and to make common cause for the future. He was also reconciled with the Vice-Treasurer, Sir William Darcy, a former ally of the FitzGeralds who had become one of Gerald's most bitter opponents.
Soon afterwards Kildare was reappointed Lord-Deputy. He took the oaths at St. Thomas Court, his nephew, Conn Bacagh O'Neill, carrying the sword of state before him. He then entered into an indenture with the King not to grant pardons without the consent of the council, to cause the Irish in his territories to wear English dress, to shave their "upper berdes", and not to levy coigne and livery except when on the King's business, and then only to a specified amount, not exceeding 2d. a meal for horsemen, 1½d. for foot
Next year, 1525, Kildare and Ormond were again at daggers drawn. They appealed to the King concerning a disputed sum of £800 in account between them, accusing each other, as before, of sundry enormities and malfeasances. About the same time Kildare, in accordance with a royal mandate, assembled a large force, and marched into Munster to arrest the Earl of Desmond, making a show of great eagerness, but sending private instructions to the Earl on how to keep out of the way. He next turned north, and by diplomacy and force pacified the O'Neills and O'Donnells.
In 1526, he was ordered to England and he took with him his married daughter Alice, Lady Slane so that she could report back on his progress. He was summoned to meet the charges of Ormond (now Earl of Ossory through the surrender of the higher title to the King) of having secretly assisted the Desmonds, and having murdered many good subjects because they were adherents of the Ormond and the Butler family. On arrival in London, he was for a time committed to the Tower, and was retained in England for four years; and when he was brought before the council, a violent altercation ensued between him and Wolsey, which is reported at full length by Holinshed. Wolsey is said to have obtained an order for his immediate execution, which his well-wisher, the Constable of the Tower, frustrated by exercising a right (still inherent in the office) of demanding a personal interview with the King. Liberated on bail for a time, Kildare was recommitted on the discovery of his intriguing with the Irish princes to induce them to commit assaults on the Pale, so as to make his return appear necessary. Liberated again, he was one of the peers who in 1530 signed the letter to the Pope relative to the divorce of Queen Catharine.
The same year, to the joy of his retainers, he was permitted to return to Ireland with Skeffington, the new Lord-Deputy. On his arrival he marched against the O'Tooles to punish them for ravages on his tenantry in his absence, and then accompanied the Deputy against the O'Donnells. The friendship between the Deputy and Earl did not last long, and they sent letters and messages to the King accusing each other. The Deputy, as might be expected, was supported by the Butlers.
Nevertheless, the Earl appears to have cleared himself, and to have been appointed to succeed Skeffington as Lord Deputy under the Duke of Richmond, who had been granted the office of Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland. Landing at Dublin in this capacity, in August 1532, Kildare was received with great acclamation. But lengthened peace appeared impossible. He insulted Skeffington, degraded John Alen, Archbishop of Dublin, wasted the territories of the Butlers, and was accused of forming alliances with the native chiefs. In 1533, the council reported to the King that such was the animosity between the Earls of Kildare and Ormond that peace was out of the question so long as either of them was Lord Deputy.
Death.
At this period, Kildare had partially lost the use of his limbs and his speech, in consequence of a gunshot wound received in an attack upon the O'Carrolls at Birr. He was again summoned to court; and in February 1534, at a council at Drogheda, in an affecting speech, he nominated his son Thomas, Lord Offaly, as Vice-Deputy, and then, embracing him and the lords of the council, set sail for England.
On his arrival in London he was arraigned on several charges, and was committed to the Tower. False rumors that he had been executed reached Ireland, sparking his son Thomas to impetuously commence a revolt against English rule. On hearing of his son's rebellion, and perusing the excommunication launched against him, he died "of grief" in the Tower on 2 September 1534. He was buried in the Chapel Royal of St Peter ad Vincula in the Tower.
Character.
Lord Kildare was praised by contemporaries as "wise, deep, far-reaching and well-spoken". Later historians have described him, despite his ultimate failure, as a man of considerable intelligence, learning and diplomatic skill. In private life, he was a devoted husband and father, a generous host, a connoisseur of art and a great bibliophile.

</doc>
<doc id="6928903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928903" title="Asociación de Trabajadores Inmigrantes Marroquíes en España">
Asociación de Trabajadores Inmigrantes Marroquíes en España

Asociación de Trabajadores Inmigrantes Marroquíes en España (English, Association of Moroccan Immigrant Workers in Spain, ATIME), was founded in 1989 by an initiative of a group of Moroccan immigrants to Spain in order to defend their rights. The association is based in Madrid but also present in Andalusia and Catalonia. The president of the Association is Mohamed Kamal Rahmouni.
ATIME develops projects for the integration of Moroccan immigrants in Spain, among other programs such as housing, education and culture, etc...
Government plan, 2008.
The president of ATIME defended immigrant workers in October 2008 when the Spanish government brought the new Plan of Voluntary Return into effect. Under the new plan, immigrant workers who had lost their jobs would be offered unemployment benefits as a lump sum payment, with one proviso, they agree to leave the country.
One of many immigrant associations in Spain to come out against the plan, president of ATIME Kamal Rahmouni said, "Until recently, while the economy was booming, immigrants were the solution." "Now it's as if they're saying immigrants are the problem. The plan tells society that immigrants are responsible for the economic crisis."
Moroccans, who comprise the second largest immigrant group in Spain, are perhaps even more reluctant. In a poll conducted by ATIME, only 8% said they would be willing to renounce their visas and return to Morocco for three years in exchange for the payout.

</doc>
<doc id="6928912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928912" title="Wmcalclock">
Wmcalclock



</doc>
<doc id="6928915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928915" title="Interspar">
Interspar



</doc>
<doc id="6928928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928928" title="Association of Moroccan Immigrant Workers in Spain">
Association of Moroccan Immigrant Workers in Spain



</doc>
<doc id="6928935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928935" title="Clothes Drop">
Clothes Drop

Clothes Drop is the seventh studio album released by Jamaican singer Shaggy. It was released by Geffen Records on September 2, 2005. When the album was released promotionally in 2004, it was debated that the album would not be commercially released. However, over a year later, the album was officially released.
Critical reception.
"Clothes Drop" garnered positive reviews from music critics who praised the diverse avenues of dancehall and pop music the tracks go through. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 61, based on 7 reviews.
Rob Kenner of "Vibe" gave praise to Shaggy's dynamic vocal delivery and his taste for old-school dancehall in romantic dance tracks and depth-filled social tunes, saying that ""Clothesdrop" seamlessly blends Shaggy's sharpest pop sensibilities with his (much slept-on) roughneck pedigree." "Rolling Stone"s Christian Hoard felt the album carried an amalgam of tracks ranging from hip-hop-styled and club-oriented to mind-numbingly generic and a bit preachy, saying that "[T]he entire album has a mixed-bag feel, but "Would You Be" shows that his gift for winsome melody and R&amp;B clarity is mostly intact." Dorian Lynskey of "The Guardian" said that ""Clothes Drop" is a typically canny and diverse selection: bona fide dancehall cuts interspersed with hooky pop." "Entertainment Weekly"s David Browne said that despite tracks like "Repent" that better display his talents, he found Shaggy trying to regain his hit-making glory days with middling results, concluding that "Maybe he should lose the monotonous, low-rent beats and banal-hook girls (and boys)." Writing for "Blender", Jon Caramanica heavily criticized Shaggy for attempting to showcase his dancehall credentials with a grating voice and without a featured artist to work lyrics off like Rikrok, saying that "Instead, there’s a Black Eyed Pea (“Shut Up and Dance”), a Pussycat Doll (“Supa Hypnotic”) and the palpable sweat of a man trying to figure out what he’s good at, a decade too late."
Track listing.
Notes
Sample credits
Credits and personnel.
Credits lifted from the liner notes of "Clothes Drop".

</doc>
<doc id="6928940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928940" title="Charlene González">
Charlene González



</doc>
<doc id="6928950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928950" title="Horse Guard">
Horse Guard



</doc>
<doc id="6928951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928951" title="Wild 2nite">
Wild 2nite

"Wild 2nite" is a song by Jamaican rapper Shaggy, featuring singer Olivia. The song was released on September 5, 2005, as the lead single from Shaggy's sixth studio album, "Clothes Drop" (2005). It was written by songwriters Orville Burrell, Ricardo Ducent, Huey Dunbar, Robert Lyn, and Robert Shakespeare and produced by Shaggy. "Wild 2nite" peaked at #61 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="6928954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928954" title="Luma (video)">
Luma (video)

In video, luma (formula_1) represents the brightness in an image (the "black-and-white" or achromatic portion of the image). Luma is typically paired with chrominance. Luma represents the achromatic image, while the chroma components represent the color information. Converting R′G′B′ sources (such as the output of a three-CCD camera) into luma and chroma allows for chroma subsampling: because human vision has finer spatial sensitivity to luminance ("black and white") differences than chromatic differences, video systems can store and transmit chromatic information at lower resolution, optimizing perceived detail at a particular bandwidth. 
Luma versus relative luminance.
Luma is the weighted sum of gamma-compressed R′G′B′ components of a color video—the "prime symbols" ′ denote gamma compression. The word was proposed to prevent confusion between luma as implemented in video engineering and relative luminance as used in color science (i.e. as defined by CIE). Relative luminance is formed as a weighted sum of "linear" RGB components, not gamma-compressed ones. Even so, luma is sometimes erroneously called luminance. SMPTE EG 28 recommends the symbol formula_1 to denote luma and the symbol formula_3 to denote relative luminance.
Use of relative luminance.
While luma is more often encountered, relative luminance is sometimes used in video engineering when referring to the brightness of a monitor. The formula used to calculate relative luminance uses coefficients based on the CIE color matching functions and the relevant standard chromaticities of red, green, and blue (e.g., the original NTSC primaries, SMPTE C, or Rec. 709). 
For the Rec. 709 (and sRGB) primaries, the linear combination, based on pure colorimetric considerations and the definition of relative luminance is:
The formula used to calculate luma in the Rec. 709 spec arbitrarily also uses these same coefficients, but with gamma-compressed components:
where the prime symbol ′ denotes gamma compression.
Rec. 601 luma versus Rec. 709 luma coefficients.
For digital formats following CCIR 601 (i.e. most digital standard definition formats), luma is calculated with this formula:
Formats following ITU-R Recommendation BT. 709 (i.e. most digital high definition formats) use a different formula:
Modern HDTV systems use the 709 coefficients, while transitional 1035i HDTV (MUSE) formats may use the SMPTE 240M coefficients:
These coefficients correspond to the SMPTE RP 145 primaries (also known as "SMPTE C") in use at the time the standard was created. 
The change in the luma coefficients is to provide the "theoretically correct" coefficients that reflect the corresponding standard chromaticities ('colors') of the primaries red, green, and blue. However, there is some controversy regarding this decision. The difference in luma coefficients requires that component signals must be converted between Rec. 601 and Rec. 709 to provide accurate colors. In consumer equipment, the matrix required to perform this conversion may be omitted (to reduce cost), resulting in inaccurate color. 
Luma and luminance errors.
As well, the Rec. 709 luma coefficients may not necessarily provide better performance. Because of the difference between luma and relative luminance, luma does not exactly represent the luminance in an image. As a result, errors in chroma can affect luminance. Luma alone does not perfectly represent luminance; accurate luminance requires both accurate luma and chroma. Hence, errors in chroma "bleed" into the luminance of an image.
Note the bleeding in lightness near the borders. Due to the widespread usage of chroma subsampling, errors in chroma typically occur when it is lowered in resolution/bandwidth. This lowered bandwidth, coupled with high frequency chroma components, can cause visible errors in luminance. An example of a high frequency chroma component would be the line between the green and magenta bars of the SMPTE color bars test pattern. Error in luminance can be seen as a dark band that occurs in this area.

</doc>
<doc id="6928959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928959" title="Emmanuel Lubezki">
Emmanuel Lubezki

Emmanuel Lubezki Morgenstern (; born November 30, 1964) is a Mexican cinematographer. Lubezki is known for uses of natural lighting and continuous uninterrupted shots in cinematography, often utilizing a Steadicam, a 3-axis gimbal, or hand-held camera. He is also known for his frequent collaborations with Terrence Malick, Alfonso Cuarón, and Alejandro González Iñárritu.
He has received numerous accolades including three consecutive wins for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography for the science fiction thriller "Gravity" (2013), the dark comedy "Birdman" (2014), and the epic western "The Revenant" (2015). He was Oscar-nominated for his work on "A Little Princess" (1995), "Sleepy Hollow" (1999), "The New World" (2005), "Children of Men" (2006), and "The Tree of Life" (2011). 
Lubezki is a member of both the Mexican Society of Cinematographers and the American Society of Cinematographers. Lubezki won the Royal Photographic Society Lumière Award for major achievement in cinematography, video or animation in 2016.
Early life and education.
Lubezki was born to a Jewish family in Mexico City, Mexico. His father was actor and producer Muni Lubezki. His paternal grandfather is Lithuanian Jewish while his grandmother is also Jewish, from Russia. Lubezki studied film at Mexico's Centro Universitario de Estudios Cinematográficos (CUEC), where he met Alfonso Cuarón.
Career.
Lubezki began his career in Mexican film and television productions in the late 1980s. His first international production was the 1993 independent film "Twenty Bucks", which followed the journey of a single twenty-dollar bill. He has worked with directors including Mike Nichols, Tim Burton, Michael Mann, Joel and Ethan Coen, and David O. Russell.
Lubezki is a frequent collaborator with fellow Mexican filmmaker Alfonso Cuarón. The two have been friends since they were teenagers and attended the same film school at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. Together they have worked on six motion pictures: "Sólo Con Tu Pareja", "A Little Princess", "Great Expectations", "Y Tu Mamá También", "Children of Men", and "Gravity".
His work with Cuarón on "Children of Men" (2006) has received universal acclaim. The film utilized a number of new technologies and distinctive techniques. The "roadside ambush" scene was shot in one extended take utilizing a special camera rig invented by Doggicam systems, developed from the company's Power Slide system. For the scene, a vehicle was modified to enable seats to tilt and lower actors out of the way of the camera. The windshield of the car was designed to tilt out of the way to allow camera movement in and out through the front windscreen. A crew of four, including Lubezki, rode on the roof. "Children of Men" also features a seven-and-a-half-minute battle sequence composed of roughly five seamless edits.
Lubezki won his first Academy Award for Best Cinematography for his work on Cuarón's "Gravity", a thriller set in outer space. The film was praised for the way it combined two shots through digital backgrounds of space to create the illusion of scenes done in a single shot. Lubezki won his second Academy Award for Best Cinematography in the following year for his work on Alejandro González Iñárritu's "Birdman". The film used a similar technique from "Gravity", being very unusual in the way the entire movie was shot so as to appear to be photographed in one continuous take. Lubezki won the award again in 2015 for Iñárritu's "The Revenant", becoming a milestone for his third consecutive win and for being the first cinematographer to do so. The film was shot entirely in the wilderness during a cold season, minimizing the amount of CGI and using only natural lighting. It was an extremely difficult process that required a limited amount of time to shoot each scene, which delayed the production, causing budget overruns and changes of locations for proper settings. However, "The Revenant" earned over $500 million at the box office and received critical acclaim, with much praise for the film's atmospheric tone and realism.
Style and reception.
Lubezki is known for groundbreaking uses of natural lighting and continuous uninterrupted shots in cinematography, often utilizing a Steadicam, a 3-axis gimbal, or hand-held camera to orchestrate fluid, uninterrupted camera movements during particularly significant scenes. Lubezki is a member of both the Mexican Society of Cinematographers and the American Society of Cinematographers. Lubezki won the Royal Photographic Society Lumière Award for major achievement in cinematography, video or animation in 2016.
Filmography.
Television.
TV shorts
Awards and nominations.
Lubezki has been recognized by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for the following films:

</doc>
<doc id="6928980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928980" title="Alexeyevka, Kazakhstan">
Alexeyevka, Kazakhstan

Alexeyevka (, "Alekseevka") is a settlement in Zerendi District of Akmola Region, Kazakhstan, located 27 km north of Kokshetau. The population as of 2009 was 1560. The settlement also houses Dolomite mining facilities.
It lies on the Nur-Sultan — Petropavl highway and Kokshetau — Petropavl railroad.

</doc>
<doc id="6928988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928988" title="Glantane East">
Glantane East

Glantane East () is a megalithic complex situated from Millstreet, County Cork, Ireland. It is set in the Keel River valley on the north-west upper slopes of Musherabeg mountain, in the townland of Glantane. The complex includes a wedge tomb, two stone circles (one with 11 stones) and a pair of stone alignments.
One of the slabs from the larger stone circle has fallen.

</doc>
<doc id="6928989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928989" title="Tawe">
Tawe



</doc>
<doc id="6928994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928994" title="Mößbauer">
Mößbauer



</doc>
<doc id="6928998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928998" title="State Route 90 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 90 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6928999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6928999" title="State Route 90 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 90 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6929001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929001" title="Vazhachal">
Vazhachal



</doc>
<doc id="6929002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929002" title="River Sark">
River Sark

The River Sark or Sark Water is a river forming part of the western border between Scotland and England. Most of its length is entirely in Scotland. It flows into the estuary of the River Esk just south of Gretna.
History.
The Scots defeated the English at the Battle of Sark in October 1448. It was a significant victory for the Scots, who had not defeated England since the Battle of Otterburn in 1388.
The first verse of Robert Burns' poem "Such a Parcel of Rogues in a Nation" says:
The poem's subject was the alleged sale of Scotland in the Anglo-Scottish Treaty of Union. The town of Gretna Green on the Sark is known for its wedding industry.
The area around the Sark was marshy and sandy, as much of the coast of the north west Irish Sea is. The small section between the lower end of the Sark and the River Esk is known as the "debatable lands", and was formerly a haven for criminals and outlaws who wished to exploit the weakness of the two countries' border defences. The boundary between the Sark and the Esk is called the Scots' Dike.

</doc>
<doc id="6929003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929003" title="Dinorwic Railway">
Dinorwic Railway

The Dinorwic Railway was an early narrow gauge industrial railway connecting the slate quarry at Dinorwic in Caernarvonshire with the coastal port at Y Felinheli. The line is sometimes referred to as the Dinorwic Tramroad or the Dinorwic Tramway.
History.
The Dinorwic slate quarry was purchased in 1809 by a group of investors led by Thomas Assheton-Smith and a significant expansion was started. Better transportation to the coast was required to handle the new production levels. Until 1812 slate for sale beyond the locality was sent by packhorse ("hampers on horseback") then sometimes by boat across Llyn Padarn then by cart to Caernarfon to be forwarded by sea. This slow, labour-intensive process could cost more and take longer for the seven miles from quarry to shore than from Caernarfon to Liverpool. In that year a trackway known as the "Slate Road" for horse-hauled sleds was opened leading without interruption from the quarry to the creek at Y Felinheli on the Menai Strait, sometimes known then as Aber Pwll and sometimes, confusingly, as Moel y Don because it was the mainland embarkation point for the Moel y Don ferry to the hamlet of Moel y Don on Anglesey. At this stage slate was sent from shore to ship using lighters.
Also in 1812, railways and inclines were introduced within the quarry.
By 1823, plans were being made to construct a railway from the quarry to the port, and construction began in June 1824, though Boyd gives the opening as "by 1824". By 1825 quarry records show slate shipments being made by rail.
The new railway followed the general route of the Slate Road from the highlands of The Braich northwest to near the coast, where it swung west to approach the creek on its northern side. All traffic was horse-drawn, with stables at Allt-Ddu, at the foot of the Craig Llwyd incline, at "Stablau Newydd" where the line came near the Slate Road and at the head of the Garth Incline. Port horses and manpower were used at the port itself. Between inclines the route was either level or favoured loads, though it was never "gravity worked". The inclines were "balanced" and "self-acting", i.e. the extra weight of a descending rake of loaded wagons lifted a corresponding rake of empties, with the rope, cable or chain passing round a braked drum to enable staff to maintain control.
Although the railway was a significant improvement on what went before, it had a number of limitations. It passed over land that was not owned by the quarry, so rent had to be paid to the landowners. It used three inclines along its route as it descended; working these slowed traffic and required extra manpower. More difficult still was that most quarry workings were below the level of the line's upper, southern reaches, and even, in some cases, below the line itself. By the early 1840s it was clear that as quarry production expanded further a newer, more efficient railway was needed. In 1841 work began on the replacement Padarn Railway, which opened on 3 March 1843.
The Dinorwic Railway ceased operations in May 1843 and had been "wholly removed" by 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="6929007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929007" title="Lycaon">
Lycaon

Lycaon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6929011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929011" title="Belmont Abbey (disambiguation)">
Belmont Abbey (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6929013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929013" title="Lens cover">
Lens cover

A lens cover or lens cap provides protection from scratches and minor collisions for camera and camcorder lenses. Lens covers come standard with most cameras and lenses. Some mobile camera phones include lens covers, such as the Sony Ericsson W800, the Sony Ericsson K750 and the Sony Ericsson K550.
A more secure lens cap is the metal screw-in lens cap which cannot pop off a lens accidentally. Although a screw-in cap takes more time to remove in order to take a photograph than a standard lens cap, it is stronger than plastic and therefore more protective.
Some cameras (mostly compact cameras) feature an automatic lens cap that opens when the camera is powered on, they often use plastic blades and thus do not offer much protection against damage.
Friction fit lens caps exist but are quite rare.
Lens caps or covers are often lost, they are not a high value item among photographers, especially professionals, photographers at large events or in large crowds may drop their lens caps and fail to retrieve them, leading to a litter of lens caps.
A lens cap may be tethered to the camera via a string to avoid losing it.
Aside from lens caps, there are also rear caps and body caps, these are used in interchangeable lens cameras and allow protection for the lenses rear element and the shutter/sensor of the camera in storage.
Non-photographic use.
Lens caps are also used in mechanical and/or environmental protection for objective and ocular (outer) lens surfaces in other optical instruments like binoculars or microscopes.

</doc>
<doc id="6929014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929014" title="Ohio Division of Liquor Control">
Ohio Division of Liquor Control

The Ohio Division of Liquor Control, part of the Ohio Department of Commerce, controls alcohol manufacturing, distribution and sales within the U.S. state of Ohio. Ohio is an alcoholic beverage control state, thus the state has a monopoly over the wholesaling or retailing alcoholic beverages.
In Ohio, spirituous liquor is sold through privately owned businesses, known as contract liquor agencies. The Division licenses, supervises, and supplies these agencies with product. It also licenses and regulates all other businesses manufacturing, distributing, and selling alcoholic beverages of every kind within Ohio's borders.
Jim Canepa is the current superintendent of this state agency.
On February 1, 2013, the hard liquor wholesaling portion of the Division's operation, as well as the actual ownership of all hard liquor held in inventory and awaiting sale to the public, was transferred to JobsOhio, a private non-profit corporation formed to take over the work of job promotion and creation and overall economic development from the Ohio Department of Development. The profits from the sale of the transferred inventory was intended to provide the new corporation with a stable source of funding for its economic development efforts for the twenty-five year term of the agreement. During the term of the agreement, oversight and management of the beverage alcohol industry in Ohio was to remain the responsibility of the Division of Liquor Control.
The Division of Liquor Control's approval process came under fire in early 2015 after "The Columbus Dispatch" published an article detailing High West Distillery's attempt to sell whiskey in the state of Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="6929042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929042" title="Tuolba">
Tuolba

The Tuolba () is a river of Sakha Republic, eastern Russia. It is long, and has a drainage basin of . Its source is in the Aldan Highlands and it is a right tributary of the Lena, The Tuolba runs through the village of Alexeyevka.

</doc>
<doc id="6929043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929043" title="Franfreluche">
Franfreluche



</doc>
<doc id="6929052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929052" title="Sark Water">
Sark Water



</doc>
<doc id="6929061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929061" title="Mısırlı Ahmet">
Mısırlı Ahmet

Mısırlı Ahmet (born Ahmet Yıldırım, 1963 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish virtuoso darbuka player.
Ahmet Yıldırım started his music life playing a Turkish-style darbuka in the Turkish style. He then travelled to France and then to Egypt to learn from the tabla masters: during this trip he developed his unique technique, now known as the split-finger technique, which allows very quick playing.
He was called "Ahmed el Turkî" (Turkish Ahmet) in Egypt and after his journey he became known as "Mısırlı Ahmet" (Ahmet of Egypt) everywhere else. He tours and gives workshops all over the world, has recorded a number of solo albums and many contributions, and 2007 he created a percussion school in Istanbul, drawing musicians of all nationalities.
Biography.
He began to play darbuka (a kind of goblet drum) when he was 17. There were no musicians in his family so he learned how to play by himself, and carried on his music life in Ankara until 1987.
After learning the Turkish style of playing the darbuka, Yıldırım went to France to work individually. There, he started developing the basis of his peculiar technique. He then decided to go to Egypt, home to mythical percussion masters. He states that he was a fairly ordinary player before he went to Egypt, to play with and learn from some of the best tabla players; most of all "to find the meaning of his existence" and "to discover the rhythm". Yıldırım lived in the desert-bound valley of Cairo, during which he developed his unique technique, now known as the split-finger technique, which allows very quick playing.
He stayed in Egypt for years, working alongside famous musicians and singers such as Omar Khayrat, singing idol Mohammad Fuad, Fethi Salamah.
In his own words, from an interview to Today's Zaman:
"“I found that technique before I went to Egypt, but I was still working on it. The Egyptians played the darbuka so well that I could only subsist with my own style,” explains Yıldırım. “The reactions I received in Egypt encouraged me more than ever. The biggest masters of the darbuka were startled by my style, and this was very promising for me. They supported me, they saw me as one of them.”" 
In 1991 he joined the "Sharkiat" ensemble with which he performed in many tours in Europe (Estonia, France, Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Italy) and the Middle East.
In 1992 in Egypt he recorded his first album "Oriental Dance and Percussion".
Returning to Turkey, he worked with many Turkish musicians in live performances and recordings. He became a member of the Asia Minor rhythmic ensemble in Istanbul and participated in Istanbul's Jazz Festival (1997), and the Salvador Percussion Festival of Bahia, in the same year.
In 1999 he returned to Egypt and began to work on the “Deholla” (the bigger tabla) in the Sinai Desert. He created a new playing technique on deholla as well. He created the "Sinai ensemble", with which he toured Israel for two months, and then gave two more concerts in Barcelona. Liking Spain, he decided to live there. 
In Spain he worked on flamenco style and he recorded two albums within two years, "Mel de Cabra" (2000) and "The Search" (2001).
In 2003, within the Medimuses project sponsored by the European Union, he represented Turkey in the "1st International Percussion Conference" (the 1st International Percussion Meeting) in Tunisia, attended by percussionists from the entire Mediterranean Region. After that, in the album series which was recorded in honour of Mediterranean Great Masters, in the percussion section, Mısırlı Ahmet was deemed worthy of recording an honorary album and with this album - "Natural Moments" he was given “The Master” degree.
In 2006 Mısırlı Ahmet was awarded the “Leardership Summit Prize” which is given by Eduplus annually. 
At some point, he was the owner of the Mısırlı Ahmet Ritim Atölyesi, a music school, music venue, and restaurant in Istanbul - which closed after a while.
After giving numerous workshops all over the world, and seeing the lack of a proper music school for percussion in Turkey, in 2007 he founded the “Galata Rhythm School” in Istanbul. Besides the rich ethnic rhythms of Turkey and the world, the countless rhythms produced by Mısırlı Ahmet are practised in three different groups divided according to their levels. The approach is different from the usual, and great importance is given to improvisation.
Every summer, the Galata Rhythm School organizes the “International Rhythm &amp; Art Camp” in some village in natural surroundings.
In 2012 Mısırlı Ahmet was invited to participate in Stéphane Galland's "Lobi"album.
Mısırlı Ahmet has appeared in concerts in many countries, including almost all countries in Europe. 
He considers as highlights of his career the album he recorded with Carlos Benevant, his collaboration with Anjelika Akbar in the show "Bach al Oriental" and his participation in the concert of Nana Vasconselos in Turkey. He has also performed with flamenco guitarist Tomatito. He continues touring all over the world. 
In 2008 he was one of the highlights of the festival Turkey Now and in October he gave concerts in Thessaloniki (Greece) and then in the Netherlands: in Bimhuis Amsterdam and in World Music and Dance Centre, Rotterdam.
In 2011 he was at the Baku Jazz Festival in Azerbaijan.
In 2013 he gave a solo concert in Kyiv, Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="6929062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929062" title="Unholy Tales">
Unholy Tales



</doc>
<doc id="6929067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929067" title="Ghevont Alishan">
Ghevont Alishan

Ghevont Alishan (; , 1820 – , 1901) was an Armenian Catholic priest, historian, educator and poet. He was a prolific author throughout his long career and gained recognition from Armenians and European academic circles for his contributions to Armenian literature and scholarship.
Born to an Armenian Catholic family in Constantinople, he received his education at the academy of the Armenian Catholic Mekhitarist Congregation on Saint Lazarus Island in Venice and joined the order in 1840. Between 1840 and 1872, he held a number of teaching and administrative positions in his order's educational institutions in Venice and Paris. During this period, he gained renown as a poet, writing mainly in Classical Armenian on both patriotic and religious themes. He is regarded as one of the first Armenian Romantic poets.
After 1872, Alishan devoted himself completely to his scholarly work. He notably wrote a number of long works on the historical provinces of Armenia and prepared for publication many old Armenian texts. Most of his works are in Armenian, but he also wrote in, and was translated into, French, English and Italian.
Biography.
Alishan, born Kerovpe Alishanian, was born on , 1820, in Constantinople, to numismatist and archaeologist Bedros-Markar Alishanian. His family was Armenian Catholic. After receiving his primary education at the local Chalikhian School (1830–1832), he continued his studies at the Mekhitarist school in Venice (1832–1841). He became a member of the order in 1838 or 1840 and was ordained as a priest. From 1841 to 1850, he worked as a teacher and, from 1848, principal at the Raphael College (the Mekhitarist-run Armenian boarding school) in Venice. From 1849 to 1851, he was the editor of the Mekhitarists' scholarly journal "Bazmavēp". From 1852 to 1853, he toured Europe, traveling to England, Austria, Germany, France, Belgium and Italy. From 1859 to 1861, he was a teacher and principal at another Mekhitarist-run school, the Samuel-Moorat school in Paris. He again worked at the Raphael College in 1866–1872. In 1870, he became the acting head of the Mekhitarist Congregation. After 1872, he completely devoted himself to his scholarly activities.
In his later years, Alishan was honored by a number of European academic institutions. He was a laureate of the Legion of Honor of the French Academy (1886), an honorary member and doctor of the Philosophical Academy of Jena, an honorary member of the Asian Society of Italy, the , the Venice Academy and the Archeological Society of Saint-Petersburg. He died on , 1901, and was buried on Saint Lazarus Island in Venice.
Literary activities.
Alishan was a prolific author who wrote across different genres over the course of his more than sixty-year-long career․ He began his literary career in 1843, publishing works in prose and verse and scholarly articles in "Bazmavēp". He initially gained renown for his poems, first published in "Bazmavēp" and later compiled in a series of volumes titled (Songs), and for his (Memories of the Armenian homeland), a collection of episodes from Armenian history in vernacular prose. He also translated a number of works by European authors into Armenian.
Poetry.
Alishan wrote poems mainly in Classical Armenian on both patriotic and religious themes. Many of his poems were published in a five-volume series titled (1857–58). The first volume, ', contains prayers and religious poems for children. The third volume, , consists of patriotic poems, including the cycle of poems in vernacular Armenian subtitled " ('Songs of the patriarch', after the pen name he signed these poems with, ), which is traditionally regarded as Alishan's greatest poetic achievement. The fourth volume, ', consists of religious poems. The fifth volume, , contains poems on human suffering, death, and exile. Alishan gave up poetry in his early thirties, announcing his departure from the genre with the poem " (A final word to the singing Spirit).
Alishan was one of the first Armenian poets to write in the Romantic style. His patriotic poems emphasize the concept of homeland, its natural beauty, and heroic episodes in Armenian history. One of his poems was later set to music by the Venetian violinist Pietro Bianchini and given the title "" (Boom, they roar). After the Armenian genocide, it became a sort of anthem for the Armenian diaspora. Mekhitarist authors and some other critics have rated Alishan's Classical Armenian poems, with their Classical style and subject matter, most highly while valuing the more vernacular " less. Alishan himself considered Classical Armenian to be superior to the vernacular language. Most Soviet Armenian authors, on the other hand, celebrated the " over the rest of Alishan's poems.
Translations into Armenian.
Alishan translated works in prose and verse from English, French, Persian and Italian into Armenian. His translations include Canto IV of Lord Byron's "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage", Friedrich Schiller's "Die Glocke", and works by François de Malherbe, Alphonse de Lamartine, and François-René de Chateaubriand. He also published a collection of translations from American poets including N. P. Willis, Andrews Norton, William Cullen Bryant, and J. G. Whittier under the title (American lyre).
Scholarly works.
Alishan planned to complete 20–22 large volumes on the provinces and districts of historical Armenia, but published only four: (1881), (1885), (1890) and (1893). These long works contain information about the history, geography, topography, customs and plant life of those regions. Some of his uncompleted geographical studies have remained in manuscript form. In 1988–91, "Bazmavēp" published Alishan's hitherto unpublished studies of the provinces of Artsakh and Utik; the former was also published as a separate book in Yerevan in 1993. 
Most of Alishan's works are in Armenian, but he also wrote in, and was translated into, French, English and Italian. These include a collection of Armenian folk songs translated into English (1852), a collection of primary sources in Italian regarding Armeno-Venetian relations in the medieval period (, 1893), and several French adaptations of his Armenian studies, such as (1861), (1881), and (1899). Publishing in European languages made Alishan's work more accessible and earned him the admiration of several European academics; later in his life, he received several honors from European academic institutions (see above). In 1895, Alishan published , a dictionary of the flora of Armenia, and (The old faith or the pagan religion of the Armenians), a study of pre-Christian Armenian religion. In 1901, he published (Armenian history). The first part of this work is dedicated to the history of Armenian history writing, while the second part presents 400 excerpts from the works of Armenian historians regarding Armenian history up until the 17th century. 
Alishan prepared many old Armenian texts for publication. In the series "Soperk haykakank", he brought to light a number of short, simpler texts of pre-modern Armenian literature, which contributed to the study of the early history of Armenian learning and the Armenian Church.
Views.
Alishan’s religious worldview greatly influenced his scholarly and literary work. According to Bardakjian, "Any search [in Alishan's work] for dissension from Christian tenets on the Creator, the Creation, and human behavior would be a futile attempt." Alishan rooted his understanding of Armenian history in the biblical narrative of Genesis and tried to prove the traditional view that the Garden of Eden was located in Armenia using data from modern science. He saw patriotism and faith as inseparable, writing at the end of his "": "One who is true to God and himself is true to his homeland. He who is untrue to his homeland is true neither to his soul nor to heaven." Bardakjian describes Alishan's patriotism as "a cultural and in many ways a passive patriotism," one which nonetheless had a major impact on the Armenian reading public and its growing national consciousness. He suggests that the "boisterous tone" in some of Alishan's poems may "replace, or cover up, rebellious sentiments unutterable by a monk."
Legacy.
Alishan's literary and scholarly work was highly regarded by many of his contemporaries and later intellectuals. Since most of Alishan's poetry is written in Classical Armenian, it has remained largely inaccessible to much of the Armenian reading public. According to Bardakjian, it was Alishan's Romantic poetry in Modern Armenian that secured him a lasting place in Armenian literary history. Alishan had some influence in the stylistic and thematic choices of later authors.
Armenian flag.
In 1885 Alishan created the first modern Armenian flag. His first design was a horizontal tricolor, but with a set of colors different from those used on the Armenian flag of today. The top band would be red to symbolize the first Sunday of Easter (called "Red" Sunday), the green to represent the "Green" Sunday of Easter, and finally an arbitrary color, white, was chosen to complete the combination. While in France, Alishan also designed a second flag inspired by the national flag of France. Its colors were red, green, and blue, representing the band of colors that Noah saw after landing on Mount Ararat.

</doc>
<doc id="6929071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929071" title="Hair Bear Bunch">
Hair Bear Bunch



</doc>
<doc id="6929080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929080" title="List of British Ambassadors to the United States">
List of British Ambassadors to the United States



</doc>
<doc id="6929082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929082" title="Lateral supercondylar line">
Lateral supercondylar line



</doc>
<doc id="6929087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929087" title="Stargate (Production Group)">
Stargate (Production Group)



</doc>
<doc id="6929092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929092" title="Wuffie">
Wuffie



</doc>
<doc id="6929093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929093" title="Liverpool Central School District">
Liverpool Central School District

Liverpool Central School District is a public school district in a suburban community near Syracuse, New York in Onondaga County. It has eight elementary schools, four middle schools and Liverpool High School with a district enrollment of about 7,033 students. Liverpool Central School District serves the entire Village of Liverpool and portions of the towns of Clay and Salina. Daniel G. Henner is the Superintendent of Schools.
Board of education.
The Liverpool Central School district's Board of Education consists of nine community-elected volunteers who meet twice a month to determine the running of the district. They are the major policymakers and must approve a majority of district issues before they can be handled or instituted. As per the Open Meetings Act, all BOE meetings are open to the public and meeting minutes are posted online.
Current Board Members.
The Board's current members are:
Student Liaisons.
Liverpool High School students serve as liaisons to the Board of Education for a two-year term. The students have no voting power but give insight to student affairs. The current student liaisons are: Nneamaka Nwaezeapu and Aidan Lloyd.
District Administrators.
The district is run by a series of administrators, all of whom are responsible for providing pertinent information related to their subject field at board meetings. They work under the superintendent.

</doc>
<doc id="6929094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929094" title="Yasuharu Sorimachi">
Yasuharu Sorimachi

 is a Japanese former football player and manager. He played for the Japan national team. 
Club career.
Sorimachi was educated at and played for Shimizu Higashi High School and Keio University. At the high school, he won the national high school championship with his teammates Shigeo Sawairi and Tatsuya Mochizuki.
Sorimachi began his senior career with Japan Soccer League side All Nippon Airways in 1987. He helped All Nippon Airways gain promotion to the top flight in 1988. When Japan's first-ever professional league J1 League started in 1992, All Nippon Airways was transformed to Yokohama Flügels for whom he continued to play. While at Flügels, he won the Emperor's Cup in 1993. He moved to Bellmare Hiratsuka (later "Shonan Bellmare") in 1994. He helped the club win the Emperor's Cup in 1994, and the Asian Cup Winners' Cup in 1995.
National team career.
Sorimachi was capped 4 times for the Japan national team between 1990 and 1991. His first international appearance came on July 27, 1990 in a friendly against South Korea. He also played at the 1990 Asian Games.
Coaching career.
After retirement, in 2001, Sorimachi signed with J2 League club Albirex Niigata and became a manager. In 2003, the club won the champions and was promoted to J1 League. He resigned at the end of the 2005 season. In July 2006, he became a manager for Japan U-23 national team. He also served as assistant coach for Japan football team under manager Ivica Osim and Takeshi Okada until July 2007. At 2008 Summer Olympics Qualifiers, he led U-23 Japan to won qualify for 2008 Summer Olympics. In 2009, he signed with his former club Shonan Bellmare and managed until 2011. In 2012, he moved to Matsumoto Yamaga FC.
Managerial statistics.
Update; "December 31, 2018"

</doc>
<doc id="6929101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929101" title="Seabee Engineer Reconnaissance Team">
Seabee Engineer Reconnaissance Team

Seabee Engineer Reconnaissance Teams (SERTs) were developed by the First Naval Construction Division (1st NCD) in Operation Iraqi Freedom intended to provide more engineering capability on the battlefield in support of the United States Marine Corps and units such as Reconnaissance Battalions. SERTs are composed of ten-member teams: two Civil Engineer Corps (CEC) officers and eight enlisted Seabees, augmented with additional personnel, as missions require.
SERTs are divided into three elements: a liaison element, a security element, and a reconnaissance element. The liaison (LNO) element has a CEC officer and two petty officers who are communications specialists. The LNO element is responsible for communications with higher echelons, both in transferring engineering assessments and intelligence and in receiving engineering reach-back solutions. The reconnaissance element has a CEC officer, who is the SERT Officer-in-Charge (OIC), a Builder or Steelworker chief petty officer who has some bridge construction experience and petty officers of varying Seabee ratings.
The OIC is normally a licensed professional engineer with a civil/structural engineering background.
All SERT units include a Navy Corpsman.
All members were carefully selected from among the top Seabees in their battalions and are qualified as Seabee Combat Warfare Specialists.
SERT's were decommissioned in 2013 along with their command 1st Naval Construction 
Division. The Division was in service from August 2002 until May 2013 when it was decommissioned. Today Underwater Construction Teams have adapted the combat engineer role of a SERT providing the special operations capable aspect for the Fleet Marine Force amphibious assault component.

</doc>
<doc id="6929104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929104" title="Seabee Emergency Reconnaisance Team">
Seabee Emergency Reconnaisance Team



</doc>
<doc id="6929105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929105" title="Gearóid Óg">
Gearóid Óg



</doc>
<doc id="6929107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929107" title="Lycaon (king of Arcadia)">
Lycaon (king of Arcadia)

In Greek mythology, Lycaon (/laɪˈkeɪɒn/; , ) was a king of Arcadia who, in the most popular version of the myth, killed and cooked his son Nyctimus and served him to Zeus, to see whether the god was sufficiently all-knowing to recognize human flesh. Disgusted, Zeus transformed Lycaon into a wolf, while Nyctimus was restored to life.
Despite being notorious for his horrific deeds, Lycaon was also remembered as a culture hero: he was believed to have founded the city Lycosura, to have established a cult of Zeus Lycaeus and to have started the tradition of the Lycaean Games, which Pausanias thinks were older than the Panathenaic Games. According to Gaius Julius Hyginus (d. AD 17), Lycaon dedicated the first temple to Hermes of Cyllene.
Family.
Lycaon was the son of Pelasgus and either the Oceanid Meliboea or Deianira, daughter of an elder Lycaon. His wife was called Cyllene, an Oread nymph who gave her name to Mount Cyllenê though sometimes she was regarded as his mother instead. In some accounts, the Arcadian town Nonakris was thought to have been named after his wife. Lycaon was also known to have had at least three daughters: Callisto, Dia, and Psophis.
Sons of Lycaon.
According to the "Bibliotheca" (Pseudo-Apollodorus), Lycaon has 50 sons. An alternate list of Lycaon's sons is given by Pausanias. According to his account, almost each of them founded a city in Arcadia and became its eponym.
Mythology.
There are several versions of the Lycaon myth already reported by Hesiod ("Fragmenta astronomica", by Eratosthenes, "Catasterismi"), told by several authors. The most popular version is the one reported by Ovid in the first book of his "Metamorphoses".
The different versions of the myth are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="6929108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929108" title="Heads of the United Kingdom Mission in Japan">
Heads of the United Kingdom Mission in Japan



</doc>
<doc id="6929110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929110" title="Court of colonial affairs">
Court of colonial affairs



</doc>
<doc id="6929118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929118" title="Gearoid Óg Fitzgerald">
Gearoid Óg Fitzgerald



</doc>
<doc id="6929122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929122" title="Dear Bill">
Dear Bill

The "Dear Bill" letters were a regular feature in the British satirical magazine "Private Eye", purporting to be the private correspondence of Denis Thatcher, husband of the then-Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher. It was written by Richard Ingrams and John Wells, and illustrated with sketches by George Adamson for the first five years, and subsequently by Brian Bagnall.
The series took the form of fortnightly letters to "Bill" by his friend and golfing partner "Denis". The letters were split equally between reactionary grumblings about the state of the country and vituperative comments on contemporary politics, with regular passing references to the goings-on of a fictional collection of acquaintances and the consumption of a quite remarkable quantity of "electric soup". "Bill", whilst never identified as such in the series, was often taken as being Denis Thatcher's close friend Bill Deedes; Deedes later titled his autobiography "Dear Bill: a memoir".
The series ran throughout the Thatcher government, first appearing two weeks after Margaret Thatcher was elected. It spawned a number of annual editions of the collected letters, one for each year, and even a stage play, "Anyone for Denis?", with creator John Wells playing the title role. A television adaptation by Thames Television was broadcast in 1982.
The concept of writing satire from the point of view of a Prime Ministerial spouse was not new to the magazine, who had published "Mrs Wilson's Diary" (also a collaboration between Wells and Ingrams) along the same line during the Wilson government. It allowed the writers wide rein to comment on the personal peculiarities of senior politicians without seeming overly absurd, and was presented in a context that was – whilst clearly fictional – quite plausible. The assumed characteristics of the subject – a conservative reactionary, a "buffer's buffer" surveying the world through the bottom of a glass and not liking it one inch – gave ample opportunity for a rich and identifiable style; the image of Denis portrayed in the letters – a gin-soaked half-witted layabout, whose sole activity was to try to escape the wrath of "the Boss" – was a popular one, and Denis Thatcher remained in the public imagination as a less gaffe-prone version of the Duke of Edinburgh long after both the Thatcher government and the series itself had ended. The portrayal was not entirely negative; Denis Thatcher was portrayed as having a sharp and witty tongue, and a keen eye for events around him.
Whilst the letters may not have represented the real Denis Thatcher, they represented the Denis Thatcher their readers believed in. The poet Philip Larkin described the letters as consolidating "an imaginative reality that is more convincing than the morning papers" in an "Observer" review, and John Wells once argued that he had done more than every Downing Street publicist to endear the Thatchers to the British public. They played a major part in fashioning Denis Thatcher's popular public image.
Bill Deedes, along with the Thatchers' daughter Carol, argued that Denis himself played up to this image – by encouraging the portrayal of himself as a harmlessly incompetent buffoon, he could deflect any claims that he was manipulating government from "behind the throne".
Bibliography.
In addition to being published fortnightly in "Private Eye", a series of collections were published:

</doc>
<doc id="6929125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929125" title="Gearoid Óg Fitzgerald, 9th Earl of Kildare">
Gearoid Óg Fitzgerald, 9th Earl of Kildare



</doc>
<doc id="6929126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929126" title="American Latino TV">
American Latino TV

American Latino TV is a nationally syndicated television program produced by American Latino Syndication, a division of LATV Networks. The weekly magazine and culture lifestyle program showcases American and foreign-born Latinos making a positive impact in American society. The program set the standard for highlighting American Latino culture through entertainment, the arts and sciences, education and sports. The show has had various hosts throughout the years including Liza Quin, Belqui Ortiz, Stephanie Ortiz, Jeannette Sandoval, Julian Dujarric, Daisy Fuentes, Valery Ortiz and is currently hosted by Carolina Trejos.
"American Latino TV" can be seen weekly in over 100 cities in over 92% of U.S. Hispanic homes (and 65% of all TV homes) across the U.S. on a number of TV affiliates, as well as in reruns on cable networks. Segments from the show can also be seen on the Internet and the show is broadcast internationally in the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico and in parts of Canada bordering the U.S. The show often airs in tandem with its sister program "LatiNation" and has also spawned a series of specials titled "American Latino Presents" and "The American Latino Awards".
Format.
The show is a half-hour culture and entertainment magazine with 4–5 segments ranging from 1:30–3:30 minutes in length. The segments include music, fashion, culture, celebrity interviews and inspirational stories of regular people doing extraordinary things.
Origins.
"American Latino TV" was formerly known as "Urban Latino TV" and was originally produced by the AIM Tell-A-Vision Group (AIM TV), a New York City-based production and syndication company. AIM TV is a division of Artist and Idea Management and helped establish the business model of producing English language content for U.S. born Latinos beginning in 2001.
AIM TV was established in February 2000 by Robert G. Rose with the help of his production partner, Renzo Devia. AIM TV was the first television company to successfully produce, distribute and syndicate television programming targeting U.S. born Latinos, helping to spawn an industry that had not existed before (TV content in English, targeted to young, mostly U.S. born Latinos). 65% of U.S. Latinos are U.S. born according to U.S. Census data, but rarely if ever watch Spanish-language TV (according to Tomas Rivera Policy Inst. 1999).
In January 2008, the syndicated programs and the "American Latino" brand name were acquired by LATV Networks, the nation's first bilingual entertainment/music network distributed via digital multicast. The company gradually moved production to Los Angeles, California, where the show continues production of original episodes.
The broadcast syndication division (American Latino Syndication) continues to operate under the LATV Networks umbrella with sales and production offices located in New York City and Los Angeles, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6929128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929128" title="The Village Green (band)">
The Village Green (band)

The Village Green is a Portland, Oregon indie rock band, composed of lead vocalist/guitarist/composer J. Nicholas Allard and drummer/producer/back-up vocalist Jeremy Sherrer, bassist/back-up vocalist Dave Depper, and lead guitarist/back-up vocalist Nathan Junior. The band reformed in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6929129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929129" title="Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Prague">
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Prague

The Archdiocese of Prague (Praha) (; ) is a Metropolitan Latin archdiocese of the Catholic Church in Bohemia, in the Czech Republic.
The cathedral archiepiscopal see is St. Vitus Cathedral, in the Bohemian and Czech capital Prague, entirely situated inside the Prague Castle complex. Jan Graubner is the current archbishop.
Ecclesiastical province.
Its suffragan sees are :
Episcopal ordinaries.
The names of the following list of bishops and archbishops of Prague are given in Czech, with English equivalent or otherwise as suitable.
Patron saints.
Patron saints of the Archdiocese of Prague include: Adalbert of Prague (primary), Vitus, John of Nepomuk and Wenceslaus.

</doc>
<doc id="6929130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929130" title="Gearoid Óg FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Kildare">
Gearoid Óg FitzGerald, 9th Earl of Kildare



</doc>
<doc id="6929132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929132" title="Haraz River">
Haraz River

The Haraz River () is a notable river flowing through the Mazandaran Province of northern Iran. It flows northwards, from the Alborz mountain range into the Caspian Sea. After flowing along the Haraz Road and Valley for about 100 km, the Haraz river meanders in the midst of Amol, from where it reaches the Caspian Sea. The Haraz begins in Mount Damavand and flows northward and pours into Caspian Sea in the area between the two northern cities of Mahmoudabad and Fereydunkenar. The Haraz is currently contaminated due to discharge of effluent from various industrial plants.
Geography.
Course.
The Haraz River originates at the foot of Mount Damavand, one of the highest mountains in Asia. From its mountain source, it flows down into the Haraz River Valley, into the city of Amol, and onto its River mouth in the southern Caspian Sea between the towns of Fereydoon Kenar in Fereydunkenar County and Mahmoudabad in Mahmudabad County.
Haraz River Valley.
Road 77 (Haraz Road) follows the river over the Hashem Pass and through the valley. It also provides access to Lar National Park, and is the nearest road to Mount Damavand.

</doc>
<doc id="6929137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929137" title="François-René Duchâble">
François-René Duchâble

François-René Duchâble (born 22 April 1952, in Paris) is a French pianist. He studied at the Conservatoire de Paris, and at the age of 13 won the institution's first prize in piano. Three years later, he placed 11th at the Queen Elisabeth Music Competition in Brussels, and in 1973 won the Prix de la Fondation Sacha Schneider. At that time, Duchâble caught the attention of Arthur Rubinstein, who encouraged him to pursue a solo career and helped secure his first important engagements. Since then, Duchâble has had a successful concert career in Europe, the United States, Canada, and Japan.
Duchâble has had in his repertoire the concertos of Beethoven, Brahms, Schumann, Bartók, Saint-Saëns and Ravel, and solo piano works of Liszt, Chopin, and Poulenc. He has appeared at many music festivals, including those of Salzburg, Lucerne, Berlin, the London Proms, Lockenhaus, and the Flanders Festival, and has presented concerts at London's Royal Festival Hall, the Philharmonie in Berlin, and the Musikverein in Vienna. As an orchestral soloist, Duchâble has performed with the London Philharmonic, the Berlin Philharmonic, the Rotterdam Philharmonic, the Orchestre de Paris, the Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, and the Montreal Symphony. Among his musical collaborators was Micheline Ostermeyer.
In 2003, Duchâble stated that he would end his classical recital career, in protest at what he saw as the elitism of the classical music system. He had planned three concerts where in two of them, he would destroy two grand pianos, and in one, he would burn his formal concert dress. He said that he would instead tour with an electronic keyboard around France to give informal concerts.
Duchâble was the classical music technical advisor for the Danièle Thompson film "Fauteuils d'orchestre" (2006), and performed the solo piano works for the soundtrack. The fictional character of "Jean-François Lefort" in this film incorporates elements of Duchâble's own expressed attitudes towards the classical music world.

</doc>
<doc id="6929139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929139" title="Uwchaled Rural District">
Uwchaled Rural District

Uwchaled (from Uwch Aled) was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire, Wales, from 1894 to 1935. The name denoted the upper reaches of the River Aled, and originated in the medieval "cwmwd" (commote) of Uwch Aled. 
The rural district was created by the Local Government Act 1894, and comprised the part of the existing Corwen Rural Sanitary District in Denbighshire. 
The district consisted of three civil parishes:
The district was abolished by a county review order in 1935, forming part of a new Hiraethog Rural District.

</doc>
<doc id="6929142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929142" title="Truck driving country music">
Truck driving country music



</doc>
<doc id="6929144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929144" title="Haraz river">
Haraz river



</doc>
<doc id="6929145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929145" title="Lists of games on Nintendo consoles">
Lists of games on Nintendo consoles

Lists of games on Nintendo consoles covers video games provided by Nintendo. The lists include lists of games for home consoles, handheld consoles, hybrid and others.
For games produced by Nintendo and other products by Nintendo, see List of Nintendo products.

</doc>
<doc id="6929152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929152" title="Four Seasons of Morita Village">
Four Seasons of Morita Village

Four Seasons of Morita Village is the fifth album recorded by the Toshiko Akiyoshi Jazz Orchestra featuring Lew Tabackin. It was released in 1996 and won the Swing Journal Silver Disk Award for that year. The central "Four Seasons of Morita Village Suite" was commissioned by Morita Village in Aomori Prefecture, Japan. This recording is not to be confused with the 1990 (Nippon Crown) Toshiko Akiyoshi "Trio" recording, "Four Seasons".
Track listing.
All songs composed and arranged by Toshiko Akiyoshi:
"Repose", "Pollination", "Norito" and "Harvest Shuffle" make up the four part "Four Seasons of Morita Village Suite"
Personnel.
Other 

</doc>
<doc id="6929156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929156" title="List of fields of study">
List of fields of study



</doc>
<doc id="6929162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929162" title="Br. Rolando Dizon FSC">
Br. Rolando Dizon FSC



</doc>
<doc id="6929165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929165" title="Br. Rolando Dizon, FSC">
Br. Rolando Dizon, FSC



</doc>
<doc id="6929171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929171" title="Br. Rolando R. Dizon, FSC">
Br. Rolando R. Dizon, FSC



</doc>
<doc id="6929172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929172" title="Jaime Augusto Zóbel">
Jaime Augusto Zóbel



</doc>
<doc id="6929174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929174" title="Lists of Sega games">
Lists of Sega games

The following are lists of Sega games:

</doc>
<doc id="6929175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929175" title="Br. Rolando R. Dizon FSC">
Br. Rolando R. Dizon FSC



</doc>
<doc id="6929181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929181" title="Rolando R. Dizon">
Rolando R. Dizon



</doc>
<doc id="6929182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929182" title="Rolando Dizon">
Rolando Dizon



</doc>
<doc id="6929183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929183" title="Hollis Gillespie">
Hollis Gillespie

Hollis Gillespie is a humor columnist, writer and comedian based in Atlanta, Georgia. She wrote for Atlanta's "Creative Loafing" weekly for eight years until October 2008. In 2004, Writers Digest named Hollis Gillespie a "Breakout Author of the Year." Other accolades include the "Best Columnist" (2001, 2002, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009) and "Best Local Author" (2004, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2009) honors in the Creative Loafing "Best of Atlanta" Readers Survey. Atlanta magazine awarded her "Best 'Tell-All'" in 2006. In 2012, the Magazine Association of the Southeast granted a MAGS award to Hollis Gillespie for "Editorial Excellence."
Gillespie currently writes the "Ugly American" column for Paste Magazine and appears as a travel expert for NBC's Today Show, NBC's 11Alive, and as an on-air commentator for the WGCL-TV Atlanta CBS News Channel 46. From 2007–2014, she wrote the back-page column for Atlanta (magazine). and a commentator on NPR's "All Things Considered". She is the author of the books "Bleachy-Haired Honky Bitch," "Confessions of a Recovering Slut", and " Trailer Trashed." Upon publication of her first book, Hollis Gillespie appeared as a guest on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Jay Leno called her "a very funny lady." The rights to her first book, "Bleachy-Haired Honky Bitch", were optioned by both Sony Pictures and Paramount. She has collaborated on film projects with Laura Dern, (star of HBO's Enlightened), Mitch Hurwitz (creator of "Arrested Development"), Amy Sherman Palladino (creator of Gilmore Girls), Bill Haber (producer of Rizzoli and Isles) and Sheri Elwood (creator of Call Me Fitz). In addition, she runs the Shocking Real Life Learning Center, which offers classes on social media, book writing, publishing, animation, film and television script writing. She is represented by the Creative Artists Agency in Los Angeles.
Hollis Gillespie is also a former flight attendant at Delta, where she was a qualified foreign-language interpreter in English, German and Spanish. Her fifth book, a YA fiction novel, was published in 2015. The title is "We Will be Crashing Shortly".

</doc>
<doc id="6929186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929186" title="La Salle Brothers in the Philippines">
La Salle Brothers in the Philippines



</doc>
<doc id="6929187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929187" title="Webster v. New Lenox School District">
Webster v. New Lenox School District

"Webster v. New Lenox School District", 917 F.2d 1004 (7th Cir. 1990) was a court case in Illinois, in which a social studies teacher Ray Webster sued the New Lenox School District 122 in New Lenox, Illinois, which he accused of violating his First Amendment right to free speech for stopping him from teaching "creation science" in class. The court found however that the school district had a right to restrict Webster to teaching the specified curriculum, and that in any case the teaching of "creation science" was illegal, having been ruled to violate the establishment clause in the U.S. Supreme Court decision in "Edwards v. Aguillard", 482 U.S. 578 (1987).
The case hinged on the school district's "pedagogical interest in establishing the curriculum and legitimate concern with possible establishment clause violations".
Webster appealed and the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit affirmed the District Court's original decision deciding "teaching creation science for any reason was a form of religious advocacy."

</doc>
<doc id="6929188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929188" title="Westlife (album)">
Westlife (album)

Westlife is the debut studio album by Irish boy band Westlife. The album was released on 1 November 1999 through RCA. The album spawned the five UK number-one hit singles "Swear It Again", "If I Let You Go", "Flying Without Wings", the double A-side "I Have a Dream"/"Seasons in the Sun", and "Fool Again".
Background and release.
Westlife signed to RCA in November 1998 and immediately flew to Stockholm to commence recording their debut album. Their lead single "Swear It Again" was released in April 1999. Two further singles followed and the album was released in November 1999. The album's standard edition features 17 tracks, while the band said they had recorded 22 songs for their debut album.
For North America, Westlife signed to Arista Records after auditioning for the label's founder, Clive Davis. Westlife released "Swear It Again" as their debut there on 7 March 2000. The album was released on 4 April 2000 with an altered track listing that included the new song, "My Private Movie".
A documentary video album related to the release, entitled "The Westlife Story", was released in October 2000, peaking at number 15 on the UK Visual Chart. The release, available in VHS and DVD, tells the story of how the five members became Westlife, the recording of their first album, and includes their then 4 music videos. On 26 June 2000, the DVD was re-released, containing all their then 6 music videos, and on 18 November 2002, it was included in the five disc box set entitled "Westlife: The Complete Story".
Commercial performance.
All five singles from the album peaked at number one on the UK Singles Chart in less than a year. Despite this, however, the album itself entered and peaked at number two, beaten by "Steptacular" by Steps. The album was the biggest chart dropper on the top 40 in UK music history when, in its 58th week on the charts it leapt from No. 79 to No. 3 before falling to No. 37 the following week. In Scotland, the album peaked at No. 1 years after its release in 2001 after originally peaking at No. 6 on the Scottish Charts in 1999. The album also peaked at number 1 in Ireland and 15 in Australia.
The album became the eighth best-selling album of 1999 in the United Kingdom and was certified 5× Platinum. The album spent seventy-four weeks in the UK Top 100. "Westlife" is the best-selling international album ever in Indonesia and the Philippines, receiving 20× platinum certifications for over 1 million copies sold in Indonesia and 25× Platinum certifications for over 500,000 units sold in the Philippines.
In 2000, the album was released in the United States and debuted at number 2 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers and peaked at 129 on the "Billboard" 200.

</doc>
<doc id="6929189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929189" title="Esdras Rangel">
Esdras Rangel

Esdras Rangel (born 31 July 1977) is a Mexican former professional football goalkeeper. He was a member of the Mexican squad for the 1997 FIFA World Youth Championship in Malaysia. but did not play in the tournament.
He last played for Jaguares de Tapachula at 2007-08 opening season. He played for Petroleros de Salamanca at 2005-06 Primera División A season.

</doc>
<doc id="6929190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929190" title="Webster v. New Lenox">
Webster v. New Lenox



</doc>
<doc id="6929193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929193" title="Santana Blues Band">
Santana Blues Band



</doc>
<doc id="6929196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929196" title="Herman D. Farrell Jr.">
Herman D. Farrell Jr.

Herman Daniel “Denny” Farrell Jr. (February 4, 1932 – May 26, 2018) was an American politician from New York. He was a Democratic member of the New York State Assembly representing the Manhattan neighborhoods of West Harlem, Inwood and Washington Heights from 1975 to 2017.
Early life.
Farrell was born February 4, 1932, in Manhattan. His parents, Herman Sr. and Amy Gladys, owned a dress shop. He graduated from George Washington High School in Washington Heights. Before working in politics, he was an auto mechanic.
He worked for Mayor John Lindsay, then, in 1966, began work as a confidential aide to a state Supreme Court justice.
Political career.
In 1970, he was elected a Democratic state committeeman. First elected to the New York Assembly in 1974, Farrell was a longtime Chairman of the powerful Assembly Ways and Means Committee, as well as a member of the Assembly Rules Committee and the Black, Puerto Rican, Hispanic and Asian Legislative Caucus. He previously served as Chairman of the Assembly Committee on Banks from 1979 to 1994. He was at one point a member of the Democratic Socialists of America, but later broke from the organization.
Farrell played a pivotal role in the passage of several significant pieces of legislation, including the Omnibus Consumer Protection and Banking Legislation Act, which established a toll-free number at the New York State Banking Department that dispenses information about credit card interest rates, fees and grace periods, and a mandate for banks to furnish low-cost checking accounts to its customers. He also played an important role in the passage of the Neighborhood Preservation Companies Act, whereby New York State funds community organizations that "provide tenant advocacy."
However, Farrell is most widely known for having been a prominent member of the state (and to a lesser extent, national) Democratic Party. He was first elected as a Democratic State Committeeman in 1970, serving a two-year term. Subsequently, he was elected as the leader of the New York County Democratic Party (1981–2009) and Vice-Chair of the New York State Democratic Party, in which capacity he served for a decade. He was Chairman of the New York State Democratic Committee from 2001 to 2006. He also served as a member of the Democratic National Committee. Farrell resigned from the State Assembly in September 2017.
Campaign for Mayor.
Farrell entered the Democratic primary against Ed Koch in the 1985 election for mayor. Although Farrell's entry into the race initially created some bad blood, David Dinkins credited him for paving the way for Dinkins’ victory in 1989.
Farrell's late entry into the race was a surprise to the party and caused a split between party leaders in Manhattan and the outer boroughs and between black and Latino politicians. At the time, Bronx Borough President Herman Badillo believed he would win the endorsement of the Coalition for a Just New York, one of the city's black political organizations, to form a coalition that could unseat Koch.
He recovered from an attempt by Council President Carol Bellamy to remove him from the ballot but still fared poorly taking 13% of the vote and finishing third behind Bellamy and Koch.
Following the split, black leaders from around New York City met to settle past differences and focus on uniting for future elections. David Dinkins’ strength with black voters helped him defeat Koch in 1989 to become mayor.
Later life.
A pedestrian bridge constructed in Riverside Park in late 2017 was named after Farrell as it was located within his Assembly district.
Farrell died of heart failure on May 26, 2018, at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="6929201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929201" title="Imperial Royal Austrian State Railways">
Imperial Royal Austrian State Railways

The Imperial-Royal State Railways () abbr. "kkStB") or Imperial-Royal Austrian State Railways ("k.k. österreichische Staatsbahnen",) was the state railway organisation in the Cisleithanian (Austrian) part of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy.
History.
The introduction of railway traffic in the Austrian Empire had been pushed by pioneers like physicist Franz Josef Gerstner (1756–1832), who advocated a railway connection from the Vltava basin across the Bohemian Massif to the Danube river. After in 1810 a first long horse-drawn railway line was built at the Eisenerz mine in Styria for the transport of iron stones, in 1832 a wagonway between Austrian Linz and České Budějovice (Budweis) in Bohemia opened. It was long and was the second interurban railway in continental Europe (after the French Saint-Étienne to Andrézieux Railway line opened in 1827). The southern continuation from Linz to Gmunden was finished in 1836.
The first section of a new steam locomotive railway from the Austrian capital Vienna to Kraków in the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria operated by the Emperor Ferdinand Northern Railway company opened in 1837. Designed by Franz Xaver Riepl, it was financed by the banker Salomon Mayer von Rothschild. The line then was the second solely steam-powered railway on the continent, after the inauguration of the Belgian Brussels–Mechelen railway line in 1835.
1841 railway programme.
While the Northern Railway prospered, private investors held back on financing further railroad constructions and the expansion of the Austrian network came to a standstill. Nevertheless, after initial hesitation, the Austrian government took a keen interest in railways, and launched a public investment programme in 1841.
The Northern Railway in Lower Austria was completed up to the Bohemian border at Bernhardsthal, a branch-off from Olmütz (Olomouc) and Brünn (Brno) to Prague was opened in 1845/49. In 1851, construction works reached the northern imperial border with Saxony at Bodenbach, where the Northern Railway received access to the Royal Saxon State Railways.
Beside the extension of the Northern Railway, plans for the construction of a Southern Railway ("Südbahn") from Vienna to the Adriatic seaport at Trieste via Semmering Pass and Graz were finally carried out. Opened in 1857, it was then operated by the private Austrian Southern Railway company. In the Kingdom of Lombardy–Venetia, the first section of the Milan–Venice railway was opened in 1842. Plans for a connection to Trieste became obsolete upon the loss of Lombardy after the Second Italian War of Independence in 1859. First construction works on the projected Western Railway ("Westbahn") line to the border with Bavaria via Linz and Salzburg got stuck in the beginning.
By late 1854, out of of Austrian railway lines were state owned (almost 70%). After 1854, however, because of financial crisis in the Empire, the railways were sold at prices cut to the bone, many of them to French investors. Concessions for new private companies, like the Imperial Royal Privileged Austrian State Railway Company, were granted.
Austrian state railways.
After the Austro-Hungarian Compromise of 1867, the Transleithanian (Hungarian) lines of the Dual Monarchy were nationalized as the Hungarian State Railways (MÁV). Already in 1866, the Austrian trade minister Bernhard von Wüllerstorf-Urbair had urged for a greater government commitment. A re-evaluation started in the Long Depression, sparked by the Panic of 1873. The Vienna stock market crash resulted in the bankruptcy of several Austrian railway companies, and the state took them over.
With effect from 1 January 1884, the "k.k. Generaldirektion der Staatsbahnen" ("Imperial-Royal General Directorate of the State Railways") was founded, situated at the Austrian Ministry of Trade; this was the birth of the Imperial-Royal State Railways. Operations Divisions were established in Vienna, Linz, Innsbruck, Villach, Budweis, Pilsen, Prague, Cracow, Lemberg, Pola, and Spalato. By the end of 1884 the state railway network covered 5,103 km.
On 15 January 1896, Emperor Franz Joseph I, at the suggestion of Minister President Count Kasimir Felix Badeni, approved the establishment of the "k.k. Eisenbahnministerium" ("Imperial-Royal Rail Ministry"). Further divisions were founded in Triest, Olmütz and Stanislau. Minister Heinrich von Wittek promoted the expansion of the "Wiener Stadtbahn" network and the "Neue Alpenbahnen" project providing the Alps with major rail crossings, including the Tauern Railway and the Bohinj Railway, realised upon a 1901 resolution passed by the Imperial Council legislature.
By nationalizing other companies or taking over their traffic, the State Railways obtained a practical monopoly in rail transport. After the acquisition of the Emperor Ferdinand Northern Railway Company in 1906, followed by the Imperial Royal Privileged Austrian State Railway Company and the Austrian Northwestern Railway in 1909, the Southern Railway was the only major company that remained private until the end of Empire. In 1914, of a total of 22,981 km of railway tracks on Austrian territory, 18,859 (82%) were state owned.
Dissolution.
After the end of the World War I and the dissolution of Austria-Hungary, the Imperial-Royal Rail Ministry was disestablished on 12 November 1918 by resolution of the Provisional Assembly of German-Austria. The vehicle fleet and infrastructure of former "kkStB" were divided among state railway companies of the successor states of the Dual Monarchy: 
With the promulgation of the Austrian Federal Constitutional Law on 10 November 1920, the supervision of the national railway system passed to the newly established Ministry of Transport. 

</doc>
<doc id="6929204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929204" title="Ivan Zholtovsky">
Ivan Zholtovsky

Ivan Vladislavovich Zholtovsky (, ; November 27, 1867 – July 16, 1959) was a Soviet and Belarusian architect and educator. He worked primarily in Moscow from 1898 until his death. An accomplished master of Renaissance Revival architecture before the Russian Revolution, he later became a key figure of Stalinist architecture. He was one of the members of the art association ‘The Four Arts’, which existed in Moscow and Leningrad in 1924-1931.
Early years.
Ivan Zholtovsky was born in Plotnitsa, Minsk Governorate (in present-day Belarus) November 27, 1867. He joined Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg at the age of 20. Degree studies took 11 years till 1898 – strapped for cash, Ivan used to take long leaves working as apprentice for the Saint Petersburg architectural firms. By the time of graduation, Zholtovsky had a first-rate practical experience in design, technology and project management. He retained this hands-on approach for the rest of his career, being a construction manager in the original sense of architectural profession. Zholtovsky planned to relocate to Tomsk after graduation, but eventually received and accepted a quick job offer from Stroganov Art School in Moscow. He became a tutor in architecture just weeks after earning his own diploma – a part-time job that allowed plenty of time for professional practice.
The Renaissance Man, 1900-1917.
From the very start, he joined the "traditionists" revival group (ретроспективисты, lit. "retrospectivists"), placing himself against then-dominant Art Nouveau ("Russky Modern"). His search for classic excellence took some time, as he was equally influenced by Russian classicism and Italian Renaissance. While Neoclassical revival was at this time the second largest school in Russia (in high demand in Saint Petersburg, less so in Moscow), the Renaissance influence was unique to Zholtovsky, and will remain his trademark style until his death.
He traveled to Italy frequently, recording its architectural legacy. Zholtovsky's Italian collection is still frequently exhibited, including rare photographs of Venetian St Mark's Campanile prior to collapse on July 14, 1902 He spoke fluent Italian, translated Palladio’s "Four Books" in Russian (and eventually published them in 1938). Notable works of this period:
Practice, educator's work and outspoken public activity in artistic world earned him the Academic title as soon as 1909. By the time of the Russian Revolution, when he was reaching the age of 50, Zholtovsky was already considered a master builder, an elder in his profession.
Advisor to Bolsheviks, 1917-1926.
Zholtovsky stayed in Moscow throughout the course of World War I, Revolution of 1917 and Civil War. In 1918, he and Alexey Shchusev led the Architectural Studio for the Replanning of Moscow, Moscow's only state architectural firm, hiring and training young men like Ilya Golosov, Panteleimon Golosov, Konstantin Melnikov, Nikolai Ladovsky and Nikolai Kolli ("the 12 disciples", split evenly between constructivism and traditional art). There were few orders, mostly for repairs or additions of old properties, and very few actually materialized. As construction halted, he concentrated on education and urban planning studies.
Zholtovsky continued teaching at Vkhutemas. Whether the architectural college in Leningrad (VKhuTEIN) was led by traditionalists, Moscow college (Vkhutemas) became a harbor for modernists. Zholtovsky was spared from revolutionary new-vs-old rhetoric: after all, he was "the" employer to many modernist architects, giving them whatever jobs he could secure (like the pavilions of 1923 All-Russian Agricultural Exhibition, a project managed jointly by Zholtovsky and Shchusev).
Together with Shchusev, and relying on his juniors, Zholtovsky supervised the first master plan for redevelopment of Moscow. This work earned him a credit with the Bolshevik administration. He met with Vladimir Lenin and was very well received; according to Zholtovsky's own memoirs ("as approved for print in the USSR"), Master Plan was commissioned by Lenin himself, who wasn't "exactly" competent in architecture and couldn't recall any past projects of his contractor. Zholtovsky's plan, as reported to Lenin, relied on shifting urban development into greenfield land to the south-west of the city. Later, he and Shchusev settled on a less radical growth model with only minor attempt to break away from circular layout by cutting two major avenues through the city core. This plan was discarded by Stalin in 1932.
Works of this period (none survived to date)
Practice again, 1926-1932.
When he came back from a long trip to Italy in 1923–1926, New Economic Policy ("NEP") brought considerable relief to architects. Seasoned professionals were in demand again, mostly from state or semi-state companies. For a brief period, architects worked the old fashioned way, with their firms and apprentices. Some of Zholtovsky's students operated their own projects, some joined the firm. Zholtovsky's three better-known works of the time are:
Workshop No.1, 1932-1941.
In 1931–1932, the State consolidated once mosaic architectural profession. In June, 1931, Central Committee authorized three megaprojects – reconstruction of Moscow, Moscow Canal and Moscow Metro, creating thousands of architectural and engineering jobs under tight state control. A fourth megaproject, Palace of the Soviets, was already in design contest stage. Zholtovsky shared contest prize with Boris Iofan and Hector Hamilton; Iofan's draft was later selected. Zholtovsky, however, refused to work for "Metro", believing that the lowly underground job is not worth his time.
After the carrot came the stick: in April 1932 another Party ruling outlawed all independent artistic unions; they were replaced with state-controlled Union of Soviet architects (July 1932) and Academy of Architecture (1933).
Independent architects had to join state projects, switch to bureaucratic jobs (Viktor Vesnin) or quit (like Melnikov did). Reconstruction of Moscow project was set up as 10 state architectural workshops, roughly corresponding to the radial sectors of the city. Zholtovsky was invited to lead "Workshop No.1"; like other old architects (Shchusev, Vladimir Shchuko, Ivan Fomin), he fitted perfectly in Stalin's system. His educational work was in high esteem: in 1935 and 1937 Politburo appointed him to speak on education at the forthcoming Congress of Architects (this Congress was delayed twice, and each time list of speakers was approved at the very top).
His pre-war works range from seaside resorts to industrial freezers, although his actual personal input to each project, with a few exceptions, is not clear. His most influential, undisputed work, highly praised by officials, was completed in 1934, right across the Kremlin. An apartment house at Mokhovaya Street, originally "House of Engineers and Technicians" (Дом ИТР) is still known as Zholtovsky House.
War and postwar years, 1945-1959.
In 1940, already 73 years old, Zholtovsky accepts the chair of Moscow Architectural Institute (MArchI). Zholtovsky stayed in Moscow throughout World War II, managing MArchI and engaged in various consultancies; when time came to repair the damage of war, he was too old to take serious out-of-town jobs. He bid for expansion of Mossoviet headquarters, making 18 proposals (1939–1945,); all failed, and the job was awarded to Dmitry Chechulin. In summer 1945, the state instituted "Zholtovsky School and Workshop", where he would work till his death.
In the same 1945, Zholtovsky workshop completed a controversial "House of Lions", in Yermolayevsky lane - a luxurious downtown residence for Red Army Marshals, styled as an early 19th-century estate. Reverence to top brass backfired very soon. Zholtovsky issued his students an exercise to design "Country residence of a Marshal of Soviet Union". Immediately, political accusations poured in; November 2, 1945 Zholtovsky received a formal order to discard completed student projects, reverse their grades, and issue a new, politically correct, assignment.
After 1945, Zholtovsky personally designed only three apartment houses in Moscow (including an expansion of his 1935 NKVD building on Smolenskaya Square). The best known, a 1949" Bolshaya Kaluzhskaya" building is an interesting illustration of Zholtovsky's shift from elite to the masses, an attempt to bring mass construction to the levels of quality expected of Stalinist architecture and his own Renaissance style. All apartments in this building are relatively small, with two rooms yet with plenty storage space. Floor plans deliberately discouraged conversion of small-family units to overcrowded multi-family "kommunalki" (kitchen is accessible only through the family rooms). Zholtovsky's favorite flat walls (no bay windows, no setbacks) and modest application of Florentine canon fit the purpose quite well.
In 1948, 80-year-old Zholtovsky became the subject of a witch-hunt once again. With no apparent reason, small-time critics slammed his works and his role in education. Zholtovsky lost the chair of MArchI. In February 1949, a "professional round table" branded his Bolshaya Kaluzhskaya House as "formalist", condemned Zholtovsky's educational efforts, and virtually excommunicated him from practice for a year. Suddenly, fortune turned around, and in March, 1950 Zholtovsky was awarded Stalin Prize, "second class" – for the same building that was ostracized a year before. By 1952, critics praised it as "the" way to build.
Death and legacy.
Zholtovsky was married twice and left no children. Since 1920 he lived in a 19th-century "Stankevich House" in Voznesensky lane. He died of pneumonia at the age of 92. As soon as he died, his widow, pianist Olga Arenskaya, was evicted from the house ("in 48 hours",) his art and antiques collection was dispersed. His widow survived Zholtovsky one year.
Zholtovsky's creed was that architecture and construction process are indivisible; separation of architect from construction management reduces art to draftsmanship. Yet at the same time his work on reducing construction costs and evaluating new technologies in 1950s spelled the demise of profession in the USSR. This work, pushed forward in January 1951 by Nikita Khrushchev (then City of Moscow party boss), paved the road for a switch from masonry to prefab concrete in later 1950s. Zholtovsky workshop proposed various prefab concrete drafts, mixing new technologies with Stalinist exterior; this line of architecture never materialized: Khrushchev announced his war with "architectural excesses" in November 1955, just when the concrete industry acquired enough capacity for mass construction. Zholtovsky's last apartment block (Prospect Mira, 184) was stripped of "redundancies", and in ten years that followed, architecture separated from construction management and folded down to city planning and engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="6929205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929205" title="Christian Armas">
Christian Armas

Christian Michel Armas Curiel (born January 13, 1986) is a Mexican former professional footballer who played as a defender.

</doc>
<doc id="6929207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929207" title="World of Our Own">
World of Our Own

World of Our Own is the third studio album recorded by Irish boy band Westlife. It was released through RCA Records on 12 November 2001. It reached number one in the United Kingdom and includes the singles "Queen of My Heart" (which was a double A-side with "When You're Looking Like That"), "World of Our Own" (which was a double A-side with "Angel"), "Bop Bop Baby", and the final single from the group's last album, "Uptown Girl". "Evergreen" was later covered by Will Young as his winner's single for the 2002 "Pop Idol" competition.
The album went 4× Platinum in the UK and is the fourteenth biggest selling boy band album ever in the UK. The album was one of the best selling international albums in Hong Kong in 2002. In January 2005, the album was re-released in a 2-in-1 box set with the group's previous album, "Coast to Coast".
The album sold over 5.5 million copies worldwide.
Background.
The band spent four months making this album and wrote seven songs on it. The album cover was shot in Dublin.
"Uptown Girl" was recorded by the band as a part of the 2001 Comic Relief charity single. It was released on 5 March 2001. "Queen of My Heart" was released on 5 November 2001 as the first single from this album. In an interview, Kian said that the song was about a person who wants to go back to their soulmate whom they have been away from each other for a long time. "World of Our Own" was released on 18 February 2002 as the second single from this album. The band described it as a 'poppy' song. "Bop Bop Baby" was released on 20 May 2002 as the third single from this album.
Bonus track "Bad Girls" was originally intended to be recorded by Luis Fonsi.
World of Our Own Tour.
The World of Our Own Tour saw Westlife touring the UK and Europe in 2002. The tour centered on a space theme with giant globes for the band's entrance.

</doc>
<doc id="6929209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929209" title="Sayville Yacht Club">
Sayville Yacht Club

The Sayville Yacht Club is a private yacht club with its facilities located in Blue Point, New York.
The SYC is "exclusive" in its membership, which requires that applicants submit names of current members as references.
History.
It was founded in Sayville, New York in 1901, before the First World War. John Ellis Roosevelt, a cousin of two United States Presidents during his life, was a co-founder of The Sayville Yacht Club, and served as its inaugural Commodore from 1901 to 1907. In the 1920s, Brooklyn businessman and local Sayville developer Russell Perrine was the Commodore.
By 1929, it was one of a dozen sailing clubs on the South Shore of Long Island.
The club fell on hard times during the Great Depression and became inactive. After the Second World War, a group of local residents and war veterans reclaimed the club's charter and relocated the SYC to its present location. Land was acquired and the club's first clubhouse, a Victorian bath house, was floated from Cherry Grove, New York.
Early Commodores of the Sayville Yacht Club included many of those active in re-activating the club, including George C. Palmer, Douglas Westin, and George Heinrich.
Paul Jon Patin, representing the club, came in second by 1/2 point in the 1985 national Sunfish class race.
The SYC, as of 2021, one of the leading yacht racing clubs on the Great South Bay, winning the "Great South Bay Yacht Racing Association JR Doublehanded Championship for the Patin Trophy." Their teenage members also have competed in 2024 in a national regatta.
The SYC has hosted events such as the Laser U.S. Nationals, Thistle Nationals, Sunfish North Americans, and the Corinthian US National Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="6929210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929210" title="Castel Nuovo">
Castel Nuovo

Castel Nuovo (; ; 'New Castle'), often called Maschio Angioino (; ; 'Angevin Keep'), is a medieval castle located in front of Piazza Municipio and the city hall (Palazzo San Giacomo) in central Naples, Campania, Italy. Its scenic location and imposing size makes the castle, first erected in 1279, one of the main architectural landmarks of the city. It was a royal seat for kings of Naples, Aragon and Spain until 1815.
It is the headquarters of "Società Napoletana di Storia Patria" ("Neapolitan Society of Homeland History") and of the Naples Committee of the Istituto per la storia del Risorgimento italiano (Institute for the History of the Italian Risorgimento). In the complex there is also the civic museum, which includes the Palatine Chapel and the museum paths on the first and second floors.
History.
The origins and the House of Anjou.
The original nucleus of the estate—partially uncovered through restoration and archaeological excavations—was built on the initiative of Charles I of Anjou. In 1266, after defeating the Hohenstaufens, Charles ascended to the throne of Sicily and moved the capital from Palermo to Naples.
The presence of an external monarchy had set the town planning of Naples around the center of the royal power, constituting an alternative urban core, formed by the port and by the two main castles adjacent to it, Castel Capuano and Castel dell'Ovo. This relationship between the royal court and town planning had already manifested itself with Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor, who in the 13th century, in the Swabian statute had concentrated greater attention on castles neglecting the city walls. To the two existing castles the Anjevins added the main, Castel Nuovo ("Chastiau neuf"), which was not just a fortification but above all his magnificent palace.
The royal residence of Naples had been until then the Castel Capuano, but the Norman ancient fortress was judged as inadequate to the function and the king wanted to build a new castle near the sea.
The project was designed by the French architect Pierre de Chaulnes, the construction of the "Castrum Novum" started in 1279 to finish just three years later, a very short time considering the techniques of construction of the period and the overall size of the work. However, the king never lived there: following the War of the Sicilian Vespers, which cost to the House of Anjou the crown of Sicily, conquered by Peter III of Aragon and other events, the new palace remained unused until 1285, the year of the death of Charles I.
Kingdom of Naples rule of the Angevin dynasty.
The new king Charles II of Naples moved with his family and the court to the new residence, which he enlarged and embellished. During his reign the Holy See was particularly linked to the House of Anjou, in a turbulent relationship, which also in the following years will be marked by pressure, alliances and continuous ruptures. On December 13 of 1294 the Main Hall of the Castel Nuovo was the scene of the famous abdication of Pope Celestine V (the hermit Pietro da Morrone), from the papal throne, called by Dante Alighieri "the great refusal" and the following December 24, in the same hall the board of cardinals elected Benedetto Caetani, who assumed the name of Pope Boniface VIII and immediately moved its headquarters to Rome to avoid the interference of the Anjevin family.
With the ascent to the throne of Robert, King of Naples, in 1309, the castle, which he renovated and expanded, became a remarkable center of culture, because to his patronage and his passion for the arts and literature: the Castel Nuovo hosted important personalities of the culture of the time, such as the writers Petrarch and Giovanni Boccaccio in their Neapolitan stays, while the most famous painters of the time that they were called to paint its walls: Pietro Cavallini, Montano d'Arezzo, and above all Giotto, who in 1332 painted the Palatine Chapel.
From 1343 it was the residence of Joanna I of Naples, who in 1347, fled to France, abandoned it to the assaults of the army of the King Louis I of Hungary. He had come to avenge the death of his brother Andrew, the Giovanna's husband, killed by a palace plot that the queen herself was suspected of instigating it. The castle was looted and on its return the queen was forced to a radical restructuring. During the second expedition of Louis against Naples the castle, where the queen had found refuge, resisted the assaults. In the following years the fortress underwent other attacks: on the occasion of the taking of Naples by Charles III of Naples and then that of Louis II of Naples, who subtracted it from the son of Charles III, Ladislaus of Naples. The latter, regained the throne in 1399, lived there until his death in 1414.
Joanna II of Naples succeeded her brother Ladislaus and ascended the throne as the last Anjevin dynasty. The queen, depicted as a dissolute, lustful, bloody woman, would have hosted in her alcove lovers of all kinds and social backgrounds, even rounded up by her emissaries among young, handsome people. To protect her good name, Joanna II would not hesitate to get rid of them as soon as she satisfied her cravings. Precisely for this purpose it has been narrated for centuries that the queen had a secret trapdoor inside the castle: her lovers, having exhausted their task, were thrown into this well and devoured by sea monsters. According to a legend, it would have been a crocodile from the Africa to the castle's dungeons after crossing the Mediterranean Sea, the perpetrator of the horrendous death of the Joanna's lovers.
Aragonese rule.
In 1443 Alfonso V of Aragon, who had conquered the throne of Naples, established a court in the castle, such as to compete with the Florentine court of Lorenzo de' Medici and the fortress was completely rebuilt in its present form, maintaining its function as the center of royal power.
King Alfonso V entrusted the restructuring of the Angevin fortress-palace to the Majorca-born Catalan architect Guillem Sagrera, who rebuilt it in Catalan Gothic style. The five round towers, four of which incorporated the previous Anjevin construction with a square plan, suitable to support the blows of the guns of the time, reiterated the defensive role of the castle. The importance of the palace as a center of royal power was instead emphasized by rebuilding the Main Gate in a Triumphal Arc shape, a masterpiece of the Neapolitan Renaissance architecture and work of Dalmatian Francesco Laurana, together with many artists of various origins. The works took place starting from 1453 and only after the king's death was completed in 1479.
Ferdinand I of Naples rule.
In the Hall of the Barons there was the epilogue of the famous Conspiracy of the Barons, war against the King Ferdinand I of Naples, son of Alfonso V, by many nobles, led by Antonello Sanseverino, Prince of Salerno, and Francesco Coppola, Count of Sarno. In 1486 the king invited all the conspirators to this room under the pretext of a wedding party, which marked the overcoming of hostilities and definitive reconciliation. The barons ran, but the king, ordered his soldiers to bar the doors, had them arrested, punishing many of them, including Coppola and his sons, with the death sentence.
Conspiracy of the Barons.
The Conspiracy of the Barons was a movement of reaction against the policies of centralization of the State adopted by the new sovereign dynasty of Naples, i.e. the Aragonese. The lawsuits against Ferdinand I of Naples were that these began the recovery of populated areas, taking them away from the Barons' property and supplying them with that of the Aragonese court. In fact, the maneuver was a royal delivery of power.
The internal struggle between barons and dynasty took place in a political and hidden manner and the same culminated definitively in 1487 in the homonymous hall of the Castel Nuovo. Ferdinand I of Naples, during his throne, he found himself facing the barons, beating them in skill and cunning after plots, assassins and double games.
Spanish rule.
The castle was again looted by Charles VIII of France, during his expedition in 1494. First with the fall of Ferdinand II of Naples (1496) and later of Frederick of Naples (1503), the kingdom of Naples was annexed to the Kingdom of Spain by Ferdinand II of Aragon, who established the Viceroyalty of Naples. The Castel Nuovo lost its function as a royal residence, becoming a military garrison, due to its strategically important position. However, it hosted the Kings of Spain who came to visit Naples, like Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor, who lived there for a short time in 1535. The castle remained the residence of the Spanish Viceroy until the early 17th century when the new palace (now the Royal Palace of Naples) replaced it.
The castle was again arranged by Prince Charles of Bourbon, the future Charles III of Spain, ascended to the throne of Naples in 1734, but lost its role of a royal residence, in favor to the new royal palaces that went building in Naples itself and its surroundings (the Royal Palace of Naples at the Piazza del Plebiscito, Palace of Capodimonte, Palace of Portici and Royal Palace of Caserta) and became essentially a symbol of the history and greatness of Naples.
Neapolitan Republic.
The last important event dates back to 1799, when it was proclaimed the birth of the Parthenopean Republic (Neapolitan Republic). Renovated for the last time in 1823 by Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies, it later hosted the "artillery arsenal" and a "pyrotechnic office" which in 1837 estimated to be more prudent transfer of the guns factory of the Torre Annunziata.
20th century.
In the 1920s was made the wide range of flower gardens that ran along the Maschio Angioino until the end-20th century: in the early months of 1921 Count Pietro Municchi, an engineer then councilor of urban decor, presented to the City Council the proposal for the isolation of the Castel Nuovo.
Finally the Italian State obtained the entire castle for civil purposes, the works began in 1923 and also affected the factories and warehouses built near the square in place of the demolished bastions: already the following year all the various buildings were eliminated and the esplanade was created where gardens were built on the side of current Vittorio Emanuele III street.
Only the door of the citadel was saved, the original Aragonese access to the complex, rebuilt in 1496 by Frederick of Naples (as evidenced by its emblem on the arch): isolated and distorted of its function, is visible among the flower garden square along Via Vittorio Emanuele III. The work related to the restoration of the castle, which eliminated the many superficies added over time, lasted until 1939.
People who have lived in the castle.
The Castel Nuovo, in the course of its history, has been used several times as a temporary residence to host illustrious personalities who went to Naples as guests of the royal court or on an official visit.
Among the main personalities, beside Neapolitean, Aragonese and Spanish monarchs, are: Giovanni Boccaccio, Giotto, Pope Boniface VIII, Pope Celestine V and Petrarch.
Description.
The castle most of it reconstructed by Alfonso V of Aragon has an irregularly trapezoidal plan and was defended by five large cylindrical towers, four covered with piperno and one with tuff, and crowned with merlons on brackets. The three towers on the side facing the ground, where the entrance is located, are the tower of San Giorgio, the tower of Mezzo (which collapsed at 11:30 am on 4 August 1876) and the tower of Guardia (from left to right), while the two on the side facing the sea they take the name of the tower dell'Oro and the tower of Beverello (from the left to the right). The castle is surrounded by a moat and the towers rise on large embankments, in which the texture of the stone blocks takes on complex designs, recalling Catalan Majorcan examples. 
The internal staircase to each of the towers is commonly called "scala catalana". The same door on the roof of the castle, where in the past the watchtowers were placed to check from a possible arrival of enemies.
On the northern side, at the Beverello tower, one of the Crusader windows of the Sala dei Baroni opens; while two other windows face the eastern side, one towards the sea and the other, along the back wall of the Palatine Chapel, with single-light windows between two narrow polygonal towers. Protected by the other corner tower called that of the Oro, then follows an advanced factory building that originally supported a loggia and a re-entering stretch with two overlapping loggias.
Triumphal arch.
The imposing single-sided white marble triumphal arch, built in 1470, commemorates Alfonso of Aragon's entry to Naples in 1443. It stands between two western Towers of the Angevin castle. The overall design had been attributed to Pietro di Martina, a Milanese architect, or, according to Vasari, to Giuliano da Maiano. Modern authors attribute the design to Francesco Laurana.
It is 35 meters tall and has been elongated into two stacked arches. Some reports claim that the arches had originally been planned as two face to a free standing arch for the Piazza del Duomo, but that an officer in the service of Alfonso, Nicola Bozzuto, whose house was to be razed to make room for the monument, induced the king to alter the site to the Castel Nuovo.
Corinthian columns flank the entrance, while the first level sculpture depicts a triumphal quadriga leading Alfonso parading. The sculptors included Isaia da Pisa, Merliano, Domenico Gagini, Andrea Fiorentino, a pupil of Donatello, and Silvestro dell'Aquila. Sculptors from Aragon also contributed to the work. The center has a shield with the symbols of Aragon. The Frieze below reads: 
ALFONSVS REX HISPANVS SICULVS ITALICUS
PIVS CLEMENS INVICTUS
Above it reads:
ALFONSVS REGUM PRINCEPS HANC CONDIDIT ARCEM
The second upper arch is surmounted by Lions and four niches with statues depicting the virtues of Alfonso. Above this is a rounded lintel with two genii with horns of plenty surmounted by Alfonso in attire of a warrior. This cornice was meant for an equestrian statue. The three statues of St Michael, St Anthony the Abbot, and St Sebastian, and the two recumbent ones, on the summit of the arch, are by Giovanni da Nola.
The bronze doors at the arch were executed by the monk Guglielmo of Naples, and represent in various compartments the victories of Ferdinand I over the Duke of Anjou and the rebellious barons.
Palatine chapel.
On the side of the castle facing the sea is the back wall of the Cappella palatina, or church of San Sebastiano or that of Santa Barbara, the only surviving element of the 14th century Anjevin castle. Although was damaged in the earthquake of 1456, the chapel was later restored. The façade on the inner courtyard has a Renaissance portal with reliefs by Andrea dell'Aquila and by Francesco Laurana and a rose window, rebuilt in the Aragonese period by the Catalan Matteo Forcimanya to replace that of the 14th-century destroyed by an earthquake.
At the end of the chapel, there is a spiral staircase accessible from a door on the left that allowed you to go up to the Hall of the Barons.
Inside, illuminated by tall and narrow Gothic windows, there are only few remains of the original frescoed decoration, the work of Maso di Banco and a ciborium of Iacopo della Pila, dated to the end-15th century. However, there are also other 14th century frescoes from the Castle of Balzo at Casaluce.
The frescoes on the right wall of the chapel were painted by Maso di Banco and contain references to Gothic-Angevin culture. In contrast, those on the left wall are the work of other Florentine artists.
The interior was also frescoed by Giotto towards 1330, which resumed the "Stories of the Old and New Testament". The content of this cycle of frescoes is almost entirely lost even if there remains a decorative part in the windows reminiscent of those of the Bardi Chapel of the Basilica of Santa Croce in Florence. Furthermore, it is described, in the verses of an anonymous author in a collection of sonnets of 1350, about the whole work of Giotto concerning the chapel.
Finally, the chapel collects valuable sculptures made by artists who also worked on the triumphal arch of Alfonso II of Aragon (15th century). The same sculptures are excellent examples of Neapolitan Renaissance. One of these is the Tabernacle with the Madonna and Child, a masterpiece by Domenico Gagini, a pupil of Donatello and Brunelleschi.
Moreover, there are two other sculptures of particular importance, both called "Madonna enthroned with the Child", and both of Francesco Laurana, sculpted during two different stays in Naples. One of the two was taken to the castle although not part of it, because it was carved for the Chiesa di Sant'Agostino alla Zecca.
Hall of the Barons.
("Sala dei Baroni") The Hall of the Barons, originally called the Throne Room, is the main hall ("sala Maior") of the Castel Nuovo. It was commissioned by Robert, King of Naples who, for the occasion, called Giotto di Bondone to paint a cycle of frescoes, around 1330. Evidence of this cycle today is known only by its mention in a collection of sonnets by an anonymous author dating back to 1350. The frescoes depicted the illustrious men and women of antiquity: Samson, Hercules, Solomon, Paris, Hector, Achilles, Aeneas, Alexander the Great and Julius Caesar, with their "companions".
Under the Aragonese dominion, more precisely of Alfonso V of Aragon (1442–1458), the hall was rebuilt by Guillem Sagrera who enlarged it the spaces and the dimensions.
The hall is called the Hall of the Barons because around 1487 Ferdinand I of Naples invited some of the barons who had conspired against him to this place, with the excuse of celebrating his nephew's wedding. In reality this was nothing but a trap; the barons that were present were arrested and immediately put to death.
Located at the corner of the Tower of Beverello, between the northern side and the eastern side, facing the sea, the large room (26 m x 28 m) is covered by an octagonal vault resting on large angular ébrasement and equipped with sixteen ogive forming a star pattern with a bright oculus in the center. Around the dome there are small windows that served soldiers to watch over the person of the king when he received visits or ambassadors. Access to this position of the hall was possible through the helical scale ("Catalan staircase") in piperno and in tuff stone, located in the adjacent Tower of Beverello and also built by Guillem Sagrera, during the works that affected the whole royal environment. The floor of the room was decorated with Maiolica white and blue glazed, brought from Valencia.
On the side facing the sea, between two crossed windows open to the outside, there is a large fireplace, surmounted by two stages for musicians.
Among the works of art still present in the hall is the two-faced portal marble of Domenico Gagini, two bas-reliefs on which the triumphal procession of Alfonso V of Aragon is depicted and the entrance of the King in the castle, a Catalan portal through which you access the Chamber of the Angels.
Today part of the sculptural decoration by Barcelonan Pere Johan is dispelled. Until 2006, moreover, it hosted the meetings of the City Council of Naples.
Armoury Hall.
This room took its name from the function it served. It is located to the left of the Palatine Chapel, on the lower level with respect to the Hall of the Barons.
During some restoration work on the courtyard of the castle, important archaeological finds of the Roman era of the 1st century BC and of the 5th century were found, The remains are preserved and which can now be viewed via a transparent glass floor.
Chapel of the Souls in Purgatory.
It was built in the second half of the 16th century by the will of the Spanish viceroys who wanted to change the appearance of the castle. It is identifiable with the 14th-century Chapel of San Martino di Tours, once frescoed with the stories of the life of the Saint.
The interior presents a Baroque decoration with frescoes and panel paintings enclosed in stucco frames and gilded wood.
On the high altar, there is a canvas painted by a follower of Girolamo Imparato and Giovann'Angelo D'Amato, depicting the Madonna del Carmine virgin with the purging souls and the Saints Sebastian and Pope Gregory I.
The chapel was mainly used to offer those condemned to death the sacraments before being executed. In the chapel is buried John, the brother of Masaniello.
Chapel of San Francesco di Paola.
Small chapel dating back to the 15th century which can be accessed through the Hall Charles V, on the first floor of the castle. The name is given by the fact that it hosted St. Francis of Paola during a trip to Paris.
The 15th-century vault, similar to that of the Hall of the Barons, was designed by Guillem Sagrera, but destroyed during the bombings of World War II.
The chapel was consecrated in 1688, after a refurbishment in the Baroque style, as evidenced by a marble plaque placed on the entrance door.
The only evidence of the time, left in the room, are represented by some decorations in gilded stucco, by two frescoes on the left wall (most likely belonging to a single scene) coming from the 14th-century cloister of Chiesa of Santa Maria Donnaregina Vecchia and the presence of three paintings by Nicola Russo; the "Visitation", the "Annunciation" and the "Journey of Mary Bethlehem".
Prisons.
The vaults are made up of two areas located in the space under the Palatine Chapel: the Pit of the Crocodile and the Prison of the Barons.
The Pit of the Crocodile, also known as that of the Miglio, was the warehouse of the Aragonese court, but it was also used to segregate prisoners condemned to harsher penalties. An old legend tells of frequent and mysterious disappearances of the prisoners due to which vigilance was increased. It was not long before these disappearances happened because of a crocodile that penetrated from an opening in the basement and dragged the prisoners by the leg after biting them. Once they had discovered this they were subjected to the jaws of the reptile all the condemned who wanted to be sent to death without too much sensation.
Later to kill the crocodile a large leg of horse was used as bait and, once dead, was stuffed and hooked on the entrance door of the castle. This legend may be the source of the popular assumption that all castle-moats have crocodiles or other man-eating animals in works of fiction.
In the Pit of the Barons instead, four coffins are presented to the visitors without any inscription and are probably those of the nobles who took part in Conspiracy of the Barons in 1485.
Civic museum.
Inside the Castel Nuovo there is a museum itinerary inaugurated in 1990 which starts from the 14th-century Palatine Chapel, passing through the Armory Room up to the first and second level of the castle, the latter destined for painting and sculpture.
On the first floor there are frescoes and paintings essentially of religious commissions, belonging from the 15th to 18th centuries. There are paintings by important Caravaggisti artists as Battistello Caracciolo and Fabrizio Santafede, and important exponents of the Neapolitan Baroque, as Luca Giordano, Francesco Solimena and Mattia Preti. On the second floor there are exhibited works ranging from the 18th to 20th centuries. The exhibition follows a thematic order: history, landscapes, portraits, views of Naples.
Other halls of the castle, such as the Hall of Charles V and the Loggia Room, are finally destined for temporary cultural exhibitions and initiatives.
Library of the Neapolitan Society of Homeland History.
On the second floor and on the third floor is the Library of the Neapolitan Society of Homeland History. The library has book, iconographic, documentary and parchment collections. It is a private library, therefore access is governed by rules set by the Articles of Association and prescribed in the Rules.
The library contains one of the first books printed in Italy (the fourth), the "De civitate Dei" of Augustine of Hippo made in June 1467 at Subiaco by two German clerics: Arnold Pannartz and Konrad Sweynheim.

</doc>
<doc id="6929216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929216" title="Alexei Mitrofanov">
Alexei Mitrofanov



</doc>
<doc id="6929221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929221" title="De La Salle Brothers-Philippine District">
De La Salle Brothers-Philippine District



</doc>
<doc id="6929226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929226" title="Charles II of Anjou">
Charles II of Anjou



</doc>
<doc id="6929229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929229" title="Irving Rubirosa">
Irving Rubirosa

Irving Rubirosa Serrano (born 3 May 1979) is a Mexican professional football coach and a former player.
Career.
Born in Chimalhuacán, Rubirosa made his Mexican Primera División debut with Atlante F.C. in 1999. He was involved in a player exchange with Chiapas for Fernando Martel in January 2004. He joined Monarcas Morelia in the summer of 2004, and moved to Deportivo Toluca F.C. one year later. Rubirosa returned to Jaguares in the summer of 2006. He joined C.F. Monterrey in 2007, but did not play again in the Primera.
After 10 seasons of senior football, the experienced midfielder joined Primera A side Indios de Ciudad Juárez in January 2008.
Rubirosa made five substitute's appearances for the Mexico national football team in friendlies while Ricardo La Volpe was manager in 2003.
Honours.
Manager.
Oaxaca

</doc>
<doc id="6929230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929230" title="Sutjeska">
Sutjeska

Sutjeska may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6929232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929232" title="Llangollen Rural District">
Llangollen Rural District

Llangollen was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire, Wales, from 1894 to 1935. 
The rural district comprised part of the existing Corwen Rural Sanitary District, and consisted of three civil parishes:
The district was abolished by a County Review Order in 1935, most of the area passing to Wrexham Rural District, and a small part to Ruthin Rural District.

</doc>
<doc id="6929233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929233" title="Regional mobility authority">
Regional mobility authority

A regional mobility authority (RMA) is an independent local government transportation agency in the U.S. state of Texas.
Authorization and powers.
Under Chapter 370 of the Texas Statutes, a regional mobility authority can be formed by one or more counties. The Texas Legislature first authorized the creation of RMAs in 2001 with passage of Senate Bill 342. A subsequent constitutional amendment was approved by Texas voters on November 6, 2001.
An RMA is authorized to finance, design, construct, operate, maintain and expand a wide range of transportation facilities and services. Potential projects include highways (tolled or untolled), ferries, airports, bikeways, and intermodal hubs. Projects can be financed using a wide range of methods, including the sale of tax-exempt revenue bonds, private equity, public grants, government loans, and revenue generated from existing transportation facilities. A Regional Mobility Authority can acquire or condemn property for projects, enter into public private partnerships, and set rates for the use of transportation facilities.
Administration.
The administration of an RMA is overseen by a board of directors. The Governor of Texas appoints the chairman of the board. The commissioner's court of each county appoints a minimum of two board members. Board members serve two-year terms. Board members cannot be elected officials and must reside within the county they represent. Board members cannot work for the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) or any government entity within the geographic boundaries of the Mobility Authority. The board of directors is authorized to perform the functions provided under statute by hiring employees or contracting with government agencies or private sector companies.
Controversy.
In July 2005, Texas district court Judge Darlene Byrne ruled that the legislation allowing six-year terms for RMA board members was unconstitutional. Article XVI, Section 30(a) of the Texas state constitution states, "The duration of all offices not fixed by this Constitution shall never exceed two years." In reaction to this decision, Representative Mike Krusee and Senator Todd Staples sponsored HJR 79, which placed Proposition 9 on the November 2005 ballot. Proposition 9 would have amended the Texas constitution to allow six-year staggered terms for RMA board members. Anti-toll groups, such as the Austin Toll Party, opposed Proposition 9, arguing that such terms should not exceed the terms of the elected officials who appoint the board members.
On November 8, 2005, Texas voters rejected Proposition 9 by a 53.4% margin. In the election's aftermath, a toll road industry website described the defeat of Proposition 9 this way: "in Texas the tollers are behaving arrogantly and with extraordinary political ineptitude."
List.
&lt;section begin=list /&gt;
&lt;section end=list /&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6929234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929234" title="De La Salle Brothers, Inc.">
De La Salle Brothers, Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="6929236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929236" title="(It's Just) The Way That You Love Me">
(It's Just) The Way That You Love Me

"(It's Just) The Way That You Love Me" (shortened simply as "The Way That You Love Me" for its 1989 re-release) is a song by American singer and dancer Paula Abdul. It is taken from her debut studio album "Forever Your Girl" (1988) and was the album's second single. Written and produced by Oliver Leiber, son of Jerry Leiber of Leiber and Stoller fame, it was released on August 2, 1988, via Virgin Records America in its remixed form. The parentheses (It's Just) was added to avoid confusion with Karyn White's "The Way You Love Me" which was also climbing the charts the same time.
The track was initially a moderate success, peaking within the top ten of the US Hot Black Singles chart but stalled at number 88 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and alienated the little fanbase Abdul had built up from her debut single "Knocked Out". Following the release of the preceding three singles from "Forever Your Girl" which all topped the "Billboard" Hot 100, the track was re-released on September 15, 1989, in its original version. This version peaked at number three, and became her longest charting single to date. The track had little success internationally.
Composition.
The song is performed in the key of D minor with a tempo of 120 beats per minute. Abdul's vocals span from A3 to D5. Lyrically, the track "organizes diverse things that illustrate wealth and power by brand names" and how "material things are unimportant by comparison with the way he loves her."
Critical reception.
Betty Hollars and John Martinucci of the "Gavin Report" responded favorably, calling it "one of the finer follow-ups" to "Knocked Out". Their colleague Dave Sholin reviewed the 1989 reissue saying, "While not "new" in a handful of markets, the vast majority of stations didn't air it the first time around. Of course, the single that followed went "straight up" and the rest is history. Expect this second run at the chart to be more successful." "Cashbox" reviewed positively writing that it has "sensational production value" that "elevates this funk rave-up."
Chart performance.
"The Way That You Love Me" debuted on the US "Billboard" Hot Black Singles (now known as Hot R&amp;B/Hip Hop Songs) chart the week of September 10, 1988, at number 75. It reached a peak of number 10 on November 12, 1988, her second consecutive urban top ten hit following "Knocked Out". However, it stalled at number 88 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 75 on the "Cash Box" Top 100. It was re-released in September 1989, peaking at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and topped the "Cash Box" Top 100 the week of December 2, 1989. It also reached number two on the "Radio &amp; Records" CHR chart on December 2, 1989, behind Milli Vanilli's "Blame It on the Rain". 
In the United Kingdom, "The Way That You Love Me" was also Abdul's second single release following "Knocked Out" in 1988. It failed to chart the Top 100. "The Way That You Love Me" was re-released on November 13, 1989. It became Abdul's least successful release charting at number 74.
Music video.
The song's first video was Abdul's first with director David Fincher in July 1988, who would later direct her most successful videos. It consisted of Abdul dancing and singing with male dancers at a photo shoot, while expensive product shots were flashed in and out. It also featured Abdul's first tap dancing sequence, which she would use again in her videos for "Straight Up", "Opposites Attract", and "Forever Your Girl".
A new video was made in August 1989 with the same director and theme for the single's rerelease. It consisted of less dancing and more interaction between Abdul and her material world.
Track listings and formats.
US 12"
US cassette
US promo/Euro 5"/3" CD singles

</doc>
<doc id="6929242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929242" title="Sir Nicholas de Mimsy Porpington">
Sir Nicholas de Mimsy Porpington



</doc>
<doc id="6929250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929250" title="Nicholas de Mimsy Porpington">
Nicholas de Mimsy Porpington



</doc>
<doc id="6929252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929252" title="Enrico Palazo">
Enrico Palazo



</doc>
<doc id="6929257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929257" title="Enrico Pallazo">
Enrico Pallazo



</doc>
<doc id="6929260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929260" title="Unbreakable – The Greatest Hits Volume 1">
Unbreakable – The Greatest Hits Volume 1

Unbreakable – The Greatest Hits Volume 1 is the first greatest hits album by Irish boy band Westlife. The album was released on 11 November 2002. The album consists of all of the group's past singles along with six new songs. Hit single "Flying Without Wings" was re-recorded as a duet with South Korean singer BoA and Mexican singer Cristian Castro, and each respective duet was included on the Asian and Spanish editions of the album respectively. The first single released from the album was "Unbreakable", a UK number-one single. The second single, the double A-side "Tonight" / "Miss You Nights" peaked at number three in the UK and at number one in Ireland.
"Unbreakable" peaked at number one in the UK and sold 1.8 million copies in the UK alone. The album was the ninth best-selling album of 2002 in the UK. It is also the band's biggest selling album and their longest charting album. The album spent 55 weeks on the UK Top 100 Albums chart. This is the fifth best-selling album of 2002 in Ireland. In October 2008, IFPI announced that the album was certified 2× Platinum, exceeding two million sales in Europe.
In 2008, the album was re-issued in New Zealand, titled "Unbreakable: The Greatest Hits - 2008 NZ Tour Edition". The package features the album plus the "Live at Wembley" 2006 concert DVD. It peaked at No. 1 on the albums chart there, and achieved 2× Platinum status, with more than 30,000 copies sold. The album finished at No. 19 on the 2008 New Zealand Year-end charts.
Video release.
A DVD containing the music videos of the group's greatest hits was one of the five best-selling music DVDs of 2002 and BMG's fourth biggest-selling concert music DVDs the same year.
Track listing.
Bonus features include an interactive documentary, hidden outtakes, studio sessions, and US versions of music videos for "Swear It Again" and "World Of Our Own".

</doc>
<doc id="6929262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929262" title="Bharatha Puzha">
Bharatha Puzha



</doc>
<doc id="6929266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929266" title="(It's Just) the Way That You Love Me">
(It's Just) the Way That You Love Me



</doc>
<doc id="6929267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929267" title="List of mayors of Betzdorf">
List of mayors of Betzdorf



</doc>
<doc id="6929272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929272" title="Fowlers Gap Arid Zone Research Station">
Fowlers Gap Arid Zone Research Station

The Fowlers Gap Arid Zone Research Station is teaching and research facility, established by the UNSW Australia (UNSW), which is located in the Australian state of New South Wales. in Fowlers Gap in the far north-west of the state. The station is located about north of Broken Hill. It occupies Western Lands Lease No. 10194, an area of , and has been used by scientists in fields ranging from zoology to agriculture, palaeontology and environmental science. The facility has also hosted art and design students on field trips from the university, using purpose-built facilities, including studios. 
Features.
The property has been held since 1966 by the UNSW on a lease in perpetuity. It is administered by the UNSW Faculty of Science.The lease enables studies of the arid-zone environment, particularly in relation to impacts on the pastoral industry. Fowlers Gap is the only research station in the arid zone of New South Wales. Areas have been monitored and data collected continuously, in some cases for over 30 years. With a varied collection of meeting places, dormitories, cottages and camping sites it can handle reasonably large visiting groups and small conferences. Research has been conducted there by schools and units of UNSW, including Biological, Earth &amp; Environmental Sciences, Civil and Environmental Engineering, College of Fine Arts, the Faculty of Built Environment, the Centre for Photovoltaic Engineering and the Centre for Remote Sensing and GIS.
A condition of the lease is that UNSW provides facilities for any reasonable research program proposed by other university and government organisations. They include Macquarie University, University of Sydney, University of Newcastle, University of New England, the University of Adelaide, the Australian National University, Monash University, Melbourne University and La Trobe University. Two Cooperative Research Centres, Sustainable Tourism and Landscape Evolution &amp; Mineral Exploration, have conducted research. Government organisations that have utilised the facilities include: the former Soil Conservation Service of New South Wales (now part of the Department of Infrastructure, Planning and Natural Resources), NSW Agriculture (now part of the Department of Primary Industries), Queensland DPI, SA Department of Agriculture, NSW Department of Environment and Conservation and several divisions of CSIRO. Funding to support research has been provided by the University of New South Wales, Australian Research Council, Wool Research Trust Fund, Australian Wool Innovation, Meat and Livestock Australia, Rural Credits Development Fund, Water Research Foundation of Australia, Australian Housing Research Council, Cooperative Research Centre for Sustainable Tourism and a number of overseas governments and universities.
As well as research, Fowlers Gap is used extensively for teaching, largely by way of student field excursions from UNSW and other educational institutions also visit the station. The Station attracts visitors from overseas and within Australia and has been the subject of television documentaries and newspaper articles. It has abundant wildlife, grand scenery, varied geology and terrain, and a rich human history that includes significant indigenous sites, including a stone tool quarry, and artefacts from decades of scientific research. It has natural waterholes and ephemeral creeks. Several large dams provide permanent surface water even in severe droughts. Sheep grazing provides a supplementary income.
The Station is administered by a Management Committee consisting of representatives from UNSW users, assisted by two advisory groups - the Graziers Committee, comprising a small group of pastoralists who supply support and advice at an informal level, and the Consultative Committee, an advisory group representing organisations of the pastoral industry, natural resource management agencies and CSIRO.
Heritage register.
The Station and its records form a unique facility for research and education, recognised in May 1996 by its inclusion in the former Register of the National Estate. The statement of significance is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="6929277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929277" title="Mohawk Airlines Flight 40">
Mohawk Airlines Flight 40

Mohawk Airlines Flight 40 was a scheduled passenger flight between Syracuse, New York and Washington, DC, with an intermediate stop in Elmira, New York. On June 23, 1967 it suffered a loss of control and crashed, killing all 30 passengers and four crew on board. It was the deadliest disaster in the airline's history. A valve in the auxiliary power unit had suffered a complete failure, spreading fire to the tailplane, causing a loss of pitch control.
Aircraft and crew.
This particular BAC 1-11 was new, having had its first flight the previous year. Its airframe had accumulated 2,246 hours in total. It was equipped with two model 506-14 Spey engines manufactured by Rolls-Royce. Its registration number was N1116J with the aircraft name "Discover America".
The captain was 43-year-old Charles E. Bullock, who had logged 13,875 flight hours, including 603 hours on the BAC 1-11. The first officer was 33-year-old Troy E. Rudesill, who had 4,814 flight hours, with 667 of them on the BAC 1-11.
History of flight.
The aircraft, a BAC 1-11, took off from runway 24 at Elmira Corning Regional Airport at approximately 14:39 EDT. It was cleared to climb to five minutes later. Nine minutes after that, several eyewitnesses saw large pieces of the tailplane break away from the aircraft with flames and smoke coming out from the fuselage, as the flight proceeded south from Mansfield, Pennsylvania. The aircraft subsequently lost control and plunged into a heavily wooded area served only by dirt roads. No one on the ground was hurt, but there were no survivors aboard the plane. Thereafter, the air traffic controller at New York Center vectored a Piper Aztec over the area of Flight 40's target disappearance. The pilot of this plane reported observing the burning wreckage of an airplane, which was later identified as Flight 40.
The plane gouged a strip through the woods about wide and long. The tail section was thrown from the impact site of the crash. Some of the witnesses were workmen at a coal strip mine who immediately took a bulldozer and plowed two roads through to the site a mile and a half away.
Shortly after the incident, Robert E. Peach, president of Mohawk, demanded an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. In a telegram to J. Edgar Hoover, director of the F.B.I., Mr. Peach wrote: "Evidence has developed in the course of notification of next of kin of crash victims which leads to strong suggestion of sabotage. Mohawk Airlines formally demands that the F.B.I. investigate the possibility of sabotage." However, Mr. Peach did not make public the nature of the "evidence."
Investigation.
The National Transportation Safety Board launched a full investigation. The findings of that investigation are as follows:
A non-return valve in the auxiliary power unit had suffered a complete failure. This allowed bleed air from the engine to flow through the system in the wrong direction. This air exited at the start of the system at sufficient temperatures to ignite components there. The fire quickly spread to the hydraulics in the aircraft, and moved along the hydraulic lines to the rear of the plane. There, it caused heavy damage to the tail, causing a loss of pitch control which sent the airplane diving into the ground.
Aftermath.
In July 1967, the National Transportation Safety Board made three safety recommendations to the Federal Aviation Administration, which issued Airworthiness Directive 68-01-01 to prevent heat damage or fire in the airframe plenum of the auxiliary power unit installation. On 23 June 2017, a memorial was erected to honor the victims.

</doc>
<doc id="6929281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929281" title="Une grenade avec ça?">
Une grenade avec ça?

Une grenade avec ça? () is a Québécois sitcom for teenagers produced by Zone 3 and aired on VRAK.TV. The name of the series comes from the popular grenade-shaped candies offered by the restaurant in the show. It is now the most watched show on VRAK.TV. The series debuted in 2002 and ended in 2011, after its tenth season. It is about the everyday trials and tribulations at "Captain Creighton", a fictional Montreal fast-food restaurant.
Following recent charges of possession of child pornography and drug possession, episodes featuring actor Jean-François Harrisson have been pulled off the air as of March 6, 2009. He did not return to the cast for the following season and the role of Pat was written off replaced by Slamm portrayed by Pierre Luc Houde.
Characters.
Anaïs Boutin: a really mean girl, whose dream is to be the next manager of the restaurant and she is able to do anything to accomplish her dreams. In fact, she wants to be a leader and have power over the others. She has worked with M. Pitre for about ten years and was one of his first employee and certainly his best employee. She learned by heart Creighton's booklet of rules and she has written her own version of it. A few years ago, she betraded Captain Craighton and Danny when she worked for Denis Pomerleau, the manager of a restaurant named "Bar B.Q. Joe" but later she exploded it because she forgot to stop the gas. Later, M. Pomerleau made a new restaurant. but she was fired and returned with Danny. She is not appreciated by her colleagues, especially by Ève and Patrick. Anaïs and Pat hate each other since they were ten years old. They met for the first time in the same fast-food where they are working now. She became Tché's girlfriend for a short period of time, but he broke up because she loved him only for his money and because she was treating him like a real slave.
Danny Pitre: Manager of the Montreal "Captain Creighton". He is addicted to root-beer. He went for the first time in this fast-food with his father when he was about 10. His father told him that one day, his son would become the new manager. The emotion was so intense for him that he vomited in his red cap. He works in Montreal's Captain Creighton since he was 17. He left school to work in the restaurant. He used to have a girlfriend named Nancy Désilets. He was working with her and his best friend, Denis Pomerleau. Danny was supposed to become the manager of the new branch of Captain Creighton in the suburbs of Montreal. He could not be happier: he was about to accomplish his dream and he fell in love with a girl who loved him. But his dream didn't come true. His boss gave the job to Denis that became Nancy's new boyfriend because she was interested by the power.
Ève Kaputchinsky: A vegetarian and a supporter of various pro-animal causes. She is a member of Équi-Eco (a group similar to PETA). Over the course of the show, her short temper became shorter and she could quickly become furious when people around her made or said things that were opposite to her social beliefs. She has been in couple with Norbert, even when he moved to California to study mathematics at Stanford University. They broke when he got back during one episode after they realized things were not the same between them. She then became Patrick's girlfriend until they realized they had a few things in common.
Sonia Compagna: A recording artist who's still far from the ranks of being a popstar. She can be naive and get highly enjoyed when things turn in her favor. She is an avid fan of Céline Dion. Her ex-boyfriend JiCi not only left her, but stated in her contract for her first album that all money from the album goes to him.
Jonathan Gouin, a.k.a. "Tché": An heir to the "Pain Gouin" bakery empire. His company is so rich because their bread are considered to be the mellowest on Earth. He went out with Anaïs, but later broke up with her. He also briefly went out with Sonia. He and Pat are best friends. He is clever and like Norbert has a tendency to solve the problems and situations occurring during the show.
Darius Léveillé: An eccentric, with a lot of tattoos and crazy hair. He once had a rat named Löthar but it died. Darius is known for eating weird combinations of foods, like fruits and spaghetti—and even burgers and yogurt, which he once actually put on the "Captain Creighton" menu. He has weird interests in life. He loves to do X-treme yoga, spiritual tai chi, and aquafitness.
 Sarah and Sandra McCormick: Little is known about them because they almost never go to work. Although often mentioned by other characters and considered part of the "Captain Creighton" staff, they were never shown on-screen. Their excuses for not attending work are a running gag on the show.
 Marine Bellehumeur: A fairly new employee who dreams of becoming a fashion designer. She is always well dressed but always worries about how she looks and how much money she has.
 Simon-Louis Auger-Moreau-Morissette "Slamm" : A very athletic and very handsome new employee who has many girls looking his way but he is too attached to sports to give them attention. He and Marine came in the same season.
 Nancy Désilets: Danny's past lover now married to his worst enemy, Denis Pomerleau. She is highly superficial and the only thing she cares about with a man is his power. Her niece, Patty Désilets, worked for the restaurant briefly in one episode where the only reason she got hired by M. Pitre was because she claimed to be the niece of Nancy Désilets. Her niece was really rude and mean with the others until she resigned.
Past Characters.
Patrick "Pat" Béliveau: Ève's ex-boyfriend—and avid girlwatcher. He and Anaïs are childhood enemies. He was a part time photographer and started working at the restaurant with his best friend, Norbert Gratton, at the beginning of the show.
 Norbert Gratton: He was Pat's best friend, he is smart and aims to be a famous mathematician. He and Ève were going out until he left for California. They broke up when Norbert came back for one episode after they realized things were not the same between them. A pragmatic individual, he was quiet and didn't easily get into other's fantasising, habitually explaining or proving to the others what was wrong. Anaïs once qualified his dream to calculate the decimals of Pi as a really nerdy thing, which annoyed him.
 Jean-Régis "Golden" Cossette: A former member of the "Captain Creighton" staff. He is highly naive, very slow to understand and often awkward. He is Marie-Anette's brother. His job at the restaurant was mainly to clean the restaurant, something he took very seriously. His dream was to become a police officer. He met his girlfriend, Monelle, in one episode where she acted as a tough security guard for the restaurant. She was eventually fired in the same episode by Anaïs, which led Jean-Régis to resign from his job to pursue his relationship with his new girlfriend.
 Marie-Anette Cossette: Jean-Régis's sister who was also part of the "Captain Creighton" staff during a few episodes. She could be stubborn at time and like her brother she was dimwitted, albeit not has as much as him. She had openly expressed strong love feelings about M. Pitre, which of course didn't show the same feelings toward her and was rather annoyed by her love claims.
About "Captain Creighton".
"Captain Creighton" is a fictional American worldwide chain of fast-food restaurants founded in 1965 by a US Army captain, Ben Creighton. Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, the chain has 1548 locations in 38 countries, including Canadian branches in Montreal and Calgary.

</doc>
<doc id="6929283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929283" title="Public holidays in Benin">
Public holidays in Benin

This is a list of holidays in Benin.
Movable holidays.
The following holidays "are" public holidays but the date on which each occurs varies, according to its corresponding calendar, and thus has no set date. In order in which they occur:

</doc>
<doc id="6929284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929284" title="Met-Rx World's Strongest Man">
Met-Rx World's Strongest Man



</doc>
<doc id="6929286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929286" title="Turnaround (Westlife album)">
Turnaround (Westlife album)

Turnaround is the fourth studio album by Irish boy band Westlife, released on 24 November 2003 by BMG. The first single released was the upbeat track, "Hey Whatever". The next single was a cover of the Barry Manilow hit, "Mandy". The band's version earned them their 12th UK number one and an Irish record of the year award. "Obvious", an original song, was the third and final single released from the album.
"Turnaround" was also the last album to be recorded with their full original lineup with member Brian McFadden, who left the band in March the following year. The album was the 23rd best selling album of 2003 in the UK. The album was re-released in a box set on 25 January 2005 with their debut album, "Westlife". The album received favourable reviews from music critics, while it attained commercial success, topping the UK and Ireland charts, while reaching the top-ten in many countries.
Background and McFadden's departure.
After three successful albums, "Westlife" (1999), "Coast to Coast" (2000) and "World of Our Own" (2001), the band released their first greatest hits album, "", in 2002, amidst rumours of a split. After the greatest hits, the band released "Turnaround" as their fourth studio album, on 24 November 2003. Kian Egan said, "the passion and love we have for Westlife is still 100%", and the group felt that "Turnaround" is their best album yet.
"Turnaround" was the band's final album with lead vocalist Brian McFadden, who left the group three weeks prior to embarking on their fourth world tour, stating that, "It's hard to juggle two lives when you've got a family." He subsequently re-emerged as a solo artist and professed disgruntlement over the requirements associated with boy band captivity. When interviewed by Wil Marlow of "The Journal", McFadden said, "I was standing there trying to sing a song like "Mandy" and be all emotional when I've never even met a Mandy."
Music.
"Turnaround" is a pop album, with many songs being "down-tempo" ballads, mixing with plenty of "upbeat" tracks, as well. The album features 2 covers and 11 new tracks. It features writing contribution from Wayne Hector, Steve Mac, Diane Warren, Andreas Carlsson and others.
The album kicks off with "Mandy", who first hit the charts, as "Brandy", 32 years ago before Barry Manilow renamed it "Mandy" and took it to number 11 in 1975. "Hey Whatever" is an upbeat pop song with gospel influence, with its "shun-the-world-and-find-your-bliss" message, "Why don't you liberate your mind / Let your colour fill the sky," the sing. "Obvious" is a soft ballad, with backing vocals that sound "either wistful or magical," according to Peter Fawthrop of Allmusic. Eamonn McCuske of "The Digital Fix" commented that the song "bears similarity to Take That's Back For Good.
"When a Woman Loves a Man" was considered a "classic Westlife ballad," while the title track "Turnaround" has funky, electronic, 80s influences, being called "heavily synthesised." Diane Warren contributed to the ballad "I Did It for You," while "Thank You" is another "upbeat" track. "To Be with You is a re-recording of the Mr. Big song. It was named a "faithful" and "nevertheless adequate" cover. "Home" was considered a "soaring ballad." Final track "What Do They Know" closes the album off, tying all the styles together.
Critical reception.
"Turnaround" received generally favourable reviews from music critics. Peter Fawthrop of "AllMusic" gave the album a rating of 3 out of 5 stars, writing that " Turnaround involves a pebble toss toward rock, and it's all the better for it. If it had gone all the way, if it had found a producer willing to risk fortunes on morphing a pop group into a rock group, something remarkable may have happened. As it stands, it is a notch above typical, but only a notch." Linda McGee of RTÉ.ie gave the album 3 out of 5 stars, commenting, "Refreshingly, much of the material reveals a grittier side to the band that was never evident before. By finding a formula that was capable of sticking the distance, Westlife have defied the odds by making it to their fifth album. Few would have thought it. Vocally, 'Turnaround' is faultless. Commercially, you've got to hand it to the lads on a market sewn up."
Clea Marshall of "NZ Girl" called it "upbeat, catchy and slick," writing, "this album is quintessential Westlife. Easy on the ears, 'Turnaround' is sure to bring a smile to any pop fan's face." Jack Smith of BBC Music called it "average," declaring that, "The title Westlife chose is lost on us because this seems like more of the same from the puppy-dog-eyed five piece." Eamonn McCusker of "The Digital Fix" commented that the songs "all sound somewhat alike with there being precious little to get excited about across any of the thirteen tracks here."
Commercial performance.
"Turnaround" debuted at number-one on the UK Albums Chart, becoming the band's fourth album to debut at the top. It spent 21 weeks on the chart. It also debuted at number-one on the Irish Albums Chart, spending a further week at the top. It spent a total of 18 weeks inside the chart. The album was also successful in Sweden, where it debuted at number 10, on 28 November 2003. Later, it climbed to number 6, while in its third week, it peaked at number 5, on 12 December 2003.
In Denmark, the album debuted at number 4 on the Danish Albums Chart on 5 December 2003. It spent 16 weeks on the chart. In Austria, the album debuted and peaked at number 42 on the Austrian Albums Chart, on 7 December 2003. Later, it fell to number 63, while in its third week, it climbed to number 53. After weeks fluctuating the charts, the album jumped from number 73 to number 60. After the jump, it climbed to number 48. It spent 10 weeks on the chart.
Promotion.
Singles.
The album's lead-single "Hey Whatever" attained success, reaching number 4 on the UK Singles Chart, therefore becoming the lowest-charting single from the album. It eventually was a success around the world, reaching number 2 in Denmark and Ireland, number 5 in Sweden and the top-forty in some other countries. The album's second single, "Mandy", topped the UK Singles Chart, becoming their 12th number one hit on the UK charts. The song also topped the Irish Singles Chart and was a success in Europe, reaching the top-ten in Denmark and Sweden and the top-twenty in Austria, Germany and Norway. The third single, "Obvious," was also a success, reaching number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in the UK and number 7 in Denmark, while also charting in many countries.

</doc>
<doc id="6929288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929288" title="Holidays in Benin">
Holidays in Benin



</doc>
<doc id="6929290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929290" title="Shane Orio">
Shane Orio

Shane Moody-Orio (born 7 August 1980) is a Belizean former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He was a Belize international.
Club career.
After playing for several teams in his native Belize, Moody joined Costa Rican side Puntarenas in 2005.
He currently plays with Belmopan Bandits.
International career.
He was the first-choice goalie for the Belize national football team, making his debut in 2000 against Guatemala. He took part in the World Cup qualifiers against Saint Kitts and Nevis and later Mexico, receiving some praise as a mature player on a young and very limited team.

</doc>
<doc id="6929291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929291" title="Lostprophet">
Lostprophet



</doc>
<doc id="6929294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929294" title="Asclepiad (title)">
Asclepiad (title)

Asclepiad (Greek: Ἀσκληπιάδης, pl.: Ἀσκληπιάδαι) was a title borne by many Ancient Greek medical doctors, notably Hippocrates of Kos. It is not clear whether the Asclepiads were originally a biological family, or simply a member of an order or guild of doctors.
The Asclepiads may have originally been members of a family claiming descent from the god of healing Asclepius, with the name only later being adopted by all doctors; or they may always have been an association of medical men venerating the god as their founder.
Some hold that the Asclepiads were priests of Asclepion. The Asclepiadae could also have been a guild in honour of Asclepius, the Greek god of healing, separate from the healing temples and closely related to Hippocratic tradition. Plato gives Hippocrates this title in his "Protagoras", referring to him as “Hippocrates of Kos, the Asclepiad”. It may also have been used to refer to a group of people who claimed to be descended from Asclepius. 
Asclepiades was the name of several Hellenistic physicians, some of whom probably assumed this appellation either as a sort of honorary title in allusion to the ancient family of the Asclepiadae, or in order to signify that they themselves belonged to it, or even just to indicate that they were proficient healers.

</doc>
<doc id="6929296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929296" title="National holidays in Benin">
National holidays in Benin



</doc>
<doc id="6929302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929302" title="Michael Z. Gordon">
Michael Z. Gordon

Michael Zane Gordon (April 4, 1941 – January 9, 2024) was an American screenwriter, producer, musician and composer.
Early life.
Gordon was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota on April 4, 1941, and grew up in Rapid City, South Dakota. He has two sisters. He and his family moved to Glendale, California in 1957, and moved to Los Angeles, California shortly thereafter. Gordon graduated from Fairfax High School in 1958.
Music career.
Gordon, a self-taught musician, formed his first rock band, the Marketts (originally spelled "Mar-Kets") in 1961. Gordon wrote and co-produced the band's first hit song, "Surfer's Stomp," shortly after the group was formed. In 1961 the band signed with co-producer Joe Saraceno under the Warner Bros. label.
Gordon formed his second band, the Routers, in 1962. The Routers and the Marketts were contemporaries and Gordon worked with both groups over the same time period using different musicians for each group. The Routers are best known for their 1962 hit, "Let's Go (Pony)."
While on tour with the Routers, Gordon wrote the Marketts' first release on the Warner Bros. label, "Outer Limits" (later changed to "Out of Limits" for legal reasons). The song sold over a million copies, topped the charts on stations nationwide, and earned Gordon a BMI award. "Out of Limits" is a popular choice for TV and film soundtracks; it can be heard in "Pulp Fiction" (1994), "Slayground" (1983), "The Outsiders" (1983) and "Mafioso: The Father, the Son", (2004). The Marketts' music is also credited on "Saturday Night Live," "The Name of the Game is Kill" (1968), "A Killing on Brighton Beach" (2009), and "Dirty Little Trick" (2011), among others.
Following his touring career with the Marketts and the Routers, Gordon returned to Hollywood in 1966 and teamed up with Jimmy Griffin. Together they wrote more than sixty songs, with 51 of them being recorded by hit artists of the 1960s. These songs included "Love Machine" and Ed Ames' "Apologize," which earned Gordon his second BMI award. Gordon is credited on 179 songs in the BMI catalogue. His songs have been recorded by artists such Cher, The Standells, Lesley Gore, Gary Lewis, and Brian Hyland. Gordon's songs – particularly "Surfer's Stomp," "Let's Go" and "Out of Limits" – have appeared in a variety of television shows and movies, including "The Outsiders", "Pulp Fiction", among others.
While filming an upcoming documentary entitled "Out of Limits: The Michael Z. Gordon Story" on his life and career, the filmmakers discovered an untitled and unrecorded piece of sheet music Gordon had written in 1963. The song was taken into the studio and recorded in a session supervised by Gordon. The session was filmed for the documentary and the resulting song (which was subsequently titled "1963") will be released in conjunction with the film, making the length of time between the writing and release of the song 55 years.
Film career.
Gordon is also known for his work in film and television production. He has credits as film producer, composer, musical producer, and screenwriter. With respect to project selection, Gordon remarks, "I think that it is important for the industry to know that I just don't do any film that comes along. I try to do meaningful films that may not be financially successful, but receive critical acclaim." Gordon notes, "Not every project is going to be a big success. But if people walk away and say 'that was a well-made movie,' then I'm happy."
Gordon's film and television music credits: include
"The Outsiders" re-release (2005),
"21 Jump Street" (1987),
"Married... with Children" (1987),
"The Wonder Years" (1988),
"Angels in the Endzone" (1997),
"From the Earth to the Moon" (1998), and
"" (2004).
His screenwriting credits include:
"Mafiosa" (TV series, 2006);
"Slaughter Creek" (2011);
"Dirty Little Trick" (2011)
Production credits include: "Narc" (2002) starring Ray Liotta and Jason Patric;
"In Enemy Hands" (2004) starring William Macy and Lauren Holly;
"Shortcut to Happiness" (2004), starring Anthony Hopkins, Alec Baldwin, Jennifer Love Hewitt and Dan Aykroyd;
"" (2004);
"Silent Partner" (2005), starring Tara Reid and Nick Moran;
"Shattered" (2008);
"Jack and Jill vs. the World" (2008), starring Freddie Prinze Jr., Taryn Manning and Peter Stebbings.
Personal life and death.
Gordon resided in the Los Angeles area. He died in Woodland Hills, California on January 9, 2024, at the age of 82.

</doc>
<doc id="6929305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929305" title="Belizian">
Belizian



</doc>
<doc id="6929307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929307" title="Jaime Zóbel">
Jaime Zóbel



</doc>
<doc id="6929308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929308" title="...Allow Us to Be Frank">
...Allow Us to Be Frank

...Allow Us to Be Frank, a Rat Pack tribute, is the fifth studio album, sixth major album release under Sony BMG and first cover album by Irish boy band Westlife; it is also their first album as a four-piece following the departure of Brian McFadden. It was released on 8 November 2004, and peaked at number two in Ireland and number three in the United Kingdom. "...Allow Us to Be Frank" was number twenty-four on the 2004 year-end album charts. The album features songs made popular by Frank Sinatra such as "The Way You Look Tonight", "Come Fly with Me", "Moon River", "Summer Wind" and "That's Life". It also includes the Nat "King" Cole song, "When I Fall in Love". It was recorded with a 60-piece orchestra at Phoenix Studios in Wembley, in the London Borough of Brent.
Singles.
"Smile" was released as the album's first single on 4 November 2004. The physical single features the video and B-sides "White Christmas" and "When I Fall in Love". It charted at number 37 in Sweden.
"Fly Me to the Moon" was released as the album's second single on 20 December 2004. The single was only released digitally, featuring the video, as well as an exclusive B-side, "Beyond the Sea", which does not feature on the album.
"Ain't That a Kick in the Head" was released as the album's third and final single on 6 January 2005. The physical single features the video, as well B-side "Moon River". It peaked at number 5 in Denmark, number 20 in Sweden, number 41 in the Netherlands and number 43 in Europe. While "Moon River" charted at No. 221 in Russia.
Track listing.
On the Japanese edition, the song "The Way You Look Tonight" is in two versions: the Westlife version is track 5, and the duet with Joanne Hindley is bonus track 14.
Credits.
Source: Discogs

</doc>
<doc id="6929315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929315" title="Human rights in Palestinian Territories">
Human rights in Palestinian Territories



</doc>
<doc id="6929318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929318" title="Thai kick boxing">
Thai kick boxing



</doc>
<doc id="6929321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929321" title="Astat">
Astat



</doc>
<doc id="6929323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929323" title="Pullen's Buildings">
Pullen's Buildings



</doc>
<doc id="6929325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929325" title="BT Openworld">
BT Openworld



</doc>
<doc id="6929327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929327" title="Allow Us To Be Frank">
Allow Us To Be Frank



</doc>
<doc id="6929328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929328" title="Floating canvas">
Floating canvas

In tailoring, a floating canvas is a fabric panel sewn inside the front of a suit jacket or coat. The floating canvas adds structure to the front panel of a jacket, and ensures that the jacket drapes properly and maintains its shape over time. It is traditionally made from horsehair, woven together with wool, cotton, linen, or synthetic fibers. The horsehair is used on the weft, and the other fabric on the warp. The floating canvas is loosely handstitched in place between the outer jacket fabric and the inner lining. The stitch used to secure floating canvas is called a pad stitch.
A full canvas is a floating canvas that lies along the entire front of the jacket, from the shoulder seam and lapel to the bottom hem.
A half canvas is a floating canvas that reaches from the shoulder seam and lapel to halfway down the chest. A half canvas is often supplemented with fusible interfacing that provides structure to the remainder of the jacket front. Fusible (or glued) interlinings are considered to be of lower quality than their canvassed counterparts, since the interlining can separate from the main fabric, causing unsightly bubbling.

</doc>
<doc id="6929331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929331" title="Mamillary processes">
Mamillary processes



</doc>
<doc id="6929332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929332" title="World of our Own">
World of our Own



</doc>
<doc id="6929333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929333" title="Courrier International">
Courrier International

Courrier International (; ) is a Paris-based French weekly newspaper which translates and publishes excerpts of articles from over 900 international newspapers. It also has a Portuguese and a Japanese edition. "Courrier Japon" was launched on 17 November 2005 and is published by Kodansha Limited.
Its headquarters is located in Paris.
History and profile.
Conceived in the autumn of 1987 by five Parisians, Jean-Michel Boissier, Hervé Lavergne, , and Juan Calderon, "Courrier international" was first published on the 8 November 1990, one year after the fall of the Berlin Wall, financed by Pierre Bergé and Guy de Wouters (of the Société Générale de Belgique). The paper is published by the media group "La Vie-Le Monde" ().
A "Volume Zero", in a print run of several hundred demonstration copies, was printed on the 22 June 1988. It was financed by a fund-raising round from family and friends of the founders, brought together a few months earlier in a method dubbed the "calendar multiplier" by Ronai and Rosselin.
The magazine's publication was prescient, it was a time of important international news and the second issue sold . The issues published during the Gulf War, begun in January 1991, which translated Arab newspapers banned in France, were especially successful. A series of big world developments proved the viability of the concept: the 1993 Russian constitutional crisis described by Russian journalists, Algerian elections through the eyes of the Arab press, the Maastricht referendum as written about in Europe, and Bill Clinton's election as predicted by American newspapers.
Jacques Rosselin, one of the founders, managed the magazine until the end of 1994, less than a year after it was bought by Générale Occidentale (a subsidiary of Alcatel, which also owned "L'Express" and "Le Point"). The deal was completed in March 1994 for 83 million francs, though the magazine would wait until 1999 to break even. "Courrier International" was then sold to Vivendi, together with "L'Express", then to Le Monde group, which had looked to buy it since its creation. Rosselin was succeeded by Bernard Wouts, who joined via Générale Occidentale. Wouts, a former executive of "le Monde", had met with the founders in 1989 but declined their offer to join the then fledgling magazine.
Today the paper is part of "Le Monde" group and edited by Philippe Thureau-Dangin, who joined in 1993. A number of original employees are still there, the most senior are Hidenobu Suzuki and Kazuhiko Yatabe, who worked on number zero in June 1988.
For its twentieth anniversary, on the 9 September 2010, "Courrier international" unveiled a new logo and layout. The redesign was accompanied by a marketing campaign which included an image of two planes passing above digitally shortened towers of the World Trade Center in New York. The image, one of four accompanying the magazine's new slogan « "Learn to anticipate" » (« Apprendre à anticiper »), solicited numerous negative reactions in the United States.
In 2020 the circulation of "Courier International" was of 168,766 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="6929335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929335" title="Clarks Village">
Clarks Village

Clarks Village is an outlet shopping village in Street, Somerset, England. It was established in 1993 on the site of old C&amp;J Clark factory buildings.
History.
In the 19th century Cyrus Clark started a business in sheepskin rugs, later joined by his brother James, who introduced the production of woollen slippers, and later, boots and shoes. However, shoes are no longer manufactured there.
Clarks Village opened on 14 August 1993 and gained over two million visitors in its first year. It grew to include over 90 high street and designer retailers, as well as a number of coffee shops, restaurants and fast food chains. The site is owned and managed by Land Securities Group Plc. Each year the range of shops and brands available changes. Many family events take place during the year with activities and school holiday activities. Clarks Village selects a charity of the year to support and Somerset Rural Youth Project was its chosen charity for 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6929337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929337" title="World Of Our Own">
World Of Our Own



</doc>
<doc id="6929338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929338" title="1968 Louisville riots">
1968 Louisville riots

Louisville, Kentucky experienced three days of rioting in May 1968. As in many other cities around the country, there were unrest and riots partially in response to the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr., on April 4. On May 27, a group of 400 people, mostly blacks, gathered at 28th and Greenwood Streets, in the Parkland neighborhood. The intersection, and Parkland in general, had recently become an important location for Louisville's black community, as the local NAACP branch had moved its office there.
The crowd was protesting against the possible reinstatement of a white officer who had been suspended for beating a black man some weeks earlier. Several community leaders arrived and told the crowd that no decision had been reached, and alluded to disturbances in the future if the officer was reinstated. By 8:30, the crowd began to disperse.
However, rumors (which turned out to be untrue) were spread that Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee speaker Stokely Carmichael's plane to Louisville was being intentionally delayed by whites. After bottles were thrown by the crowd, the crowd became unruly and police were called. However the small and unprepared police response simply upset the crowd more, which continued to grow. The police, including a captain who was hit in the face by a bottle, retreated, leaving behind a patrol car, which was turned over and burned.
By midnight, rioters had looted stores as far east as Fourth Street, overturned cars and started fires.
Within an hour, Mayor Kenneth A. Schmied requested 700 Kentucky National Guard troops and established a citywide curfew. Violence and vandalism continued to rage the next day, but had subdued somewhat by May 29. Business owners began to return, although troops remained until June 4. Police made 472 arrests related to the riots. Two black teenage rioters had died, and $200,000 in damage had been done.
The disturbances had a longer-lasting effect. Most white business owners quickly pulled out or were forced, by the threat of racial violence, out of Parkland and surrounding areas. Most white residents also left the West End, which had been almost entirely white north of Broadway, from subdivision until the 1960s. The riot would have effects that shaped the image which whites would hold of Louisville's West End, that it was predominantly black.

</doc>
<doc id="6929340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929340" title="Shoal Bay Receiving Station">
Shoal Bay Receiving Station

Shoal Bay Receiving Station is a signals intelligence-gathering facility in the Northern Territory of Australia located on the shores of Shoal Bay about north-east of the Darwin CBD. The site is managed by the Australian Signals Directorate (ASD).
History.
One of the major purposes of the station has been to intercept and monitor Indonesian satellite communications and gather intelligence on the activities of the Indonesian military. The station was a major source of intelligence on the role played by the Indonesian military and associated militia groups in the violence in East Timor following the 1999 Referendum of Independence. The site may also have intercepted conversations regarding the planned murder of Australian journalists in East Timor by the Indonesian military, in 1975, prior to the killings taking place.
The site is suspected to be a part of the global SIGINT network ECHELON, operated under the UKUSA Agreement. It is also a major contributor to the U.S. National Security Agency's surveillance program codenamed XKeyscore.
Facilities.
As of 2005, the Shoal Bay Receiving Station operated 17 antennas.
While the ASD manages the site, it is staffed by a combination of Royal Australian Navy, Australian Army, Royal Australian Air Force and civilian personnel. As of 2007 it had a staff of 73 personnel, which was lower than the staffing of 85 personnel in 2005 and 120 to 150 personnel during the East Timor crisis in 1999.
Bureau of Meteorology.
The Bureau of Meteorology installed three weather satellite receiving antenna systems at Shoal Bay in October 2016 through a subcontractor, Av-Comm. According to Av-Comm, these accessed China's Feng Yun-2 series of geostationary satellites, Feng Yun 2E and Feng Yun 2G as well as Japan Meteorological Agency's HimawariCast service broadcast from a Himawari 8 Satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="6929345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929345" title="Judo lists">
Judo lists



</doc>
<doc id="6929350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929350" title="Carmella">
Carmella

Carmella is a female given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="6929351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929351" title="Marino Ascanio Caracciolo">
Marino Ascanio Caracciolo



</doc>
<doc id="6929352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929352" title="Philippine Lasallian Brothers">
Philippine Lasallian Brothers



</doc>
<doc id="6929356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929356" title="Danzan Ryu Lists">
Danzan Ryu Lists



</doc>
<doc id="6929360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929360" title="I Have a Dream/Seasons in the Sun">
I Have a Dream/Seasons in the Sun



</doc>
<doc id="6929363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929363" title="The Village Green (EP)">
The Village Green (EP)



</doc>
<doc id="6929364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929364" title="Seal of Miskolc">
Seal of Miskolc



</doc>
<doc id="6929369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929369" title="Graham Kelton (Vanished Character)">
Graham Kelton (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929370" title="Betzdorf Castle">
Betzdorf Castle

Betzdorf Castle (; ; ) is a castle in the commune of Betzdorf, in eastern Luxembourg. It is located north-west of Betzdorf village, to the north of the CFL Line 30 railway line.
The castle is the headquarters of SES, the world's largest satellite operator in terms of revenue and the largest component of Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main LuxX Index. Since its acquisition by SES, the company has built a large commercial and industrial centre on the castle estate.
It should not be confused with Berg Castle, located in nearby Colmar-Berg, which serves as the communal headquarters for Betzdorf.
History.
The castle was the home of Hereditary Grand Duke Jean from the time of his marriage to Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium, on 9 April 1953, until 16 November 1964, when he succeeded to the Grand Duchy upon Grand Duchess Charlotte's resignation. All of Jean and Joséphine-Charlotte's children were born at Betzdorf Castle: 
After it was vacated by the new Grand Duke's family, the castle became a nursing home, which it remained until 1982. In July of that year, the castle served as a base camp for 3,000 Scouts celebrating the 75th anniversary of the movement's foundation.
Afterwards, it was left empty until SES bought the castle in 1986 and began extensive development work to make it the company's headquarters. According to SES, the castle was ideal as it was remote enough that it would be free of interference for their satellite ground station, Betzdorf Satellite Control Facility, which became operational in July 1987, albeit without a satellite.

</doc>
<doc id="6929373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929373" title="Bernetta Miller">
Bernetta Miller



</doc>
<doc id="6929375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929375" title="Kozara National Park">
Kozara National Park

Kozara National Park () is a national park in Bosnia and Herzegovina that was proclaimed a protected national forest in 1967 by Josip Broz Tito. It is situated between the rivers Una, Sava, Sana and Vrbas, in the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The Kozara Marathon, also known as Kozara Ultra Trail is held in the Kozara National Park. The park is also the site for Kozara Grand Prix, a mountain bike race that takes place in the wilderness of the park. The race is part of the Union Cycliste Internationale calendar. 
A smaller part of the park is designated for nature lovers. Walking, hiking, biking and herb picking are among the many activities in Kozara.
History and cultural significance.
Kozara National Park was established in 1967 in the vicinity of Prijedor. The area gained historical significance during World War II as a site of organized partisan resistance against occupying forces. In 1972, a monument was erected to honour nearly 35,000 victims from the wider region, followed by a museum in 1974 and a memorial wall listing 9,864 names of partisan fighters who died in the area. Unlike other Yugoslav memorial sites, Kozara was primarily presented as a space of suffering, liberation, and local connection to the partisan movement rather than having all-Yugoslav significance.
After the Bosnian War (1992–1995), the memorial complex was partially abandoned but the main monument remained undamaged. In 1993, a cross was placed at the entrance to the memorial area, dedicated to Kozara's victims from World War II. Since 2012, the park has been governed by a specific law enacted by Republika Srpska. While historical commemorations continue to be held annually on July 4th to mark the battle's anniversary, the park administration has increasingly emphasized the area's natural values and recreational opportunities, developing numerous hiking trails, cycling routes, and educational paths to diversify its tourism appeal.
Tourism development.
The development of tourism in Kozara National Park has evolved considerably since its establishment. While initially focused on commemorative and ideological tourism related to World War II, the park has increasingly emphasized its natural values and recreational opportunities, particularly since the 2000s. After the Bosnian War (1992–1995), park management began shifting its focus. According to park management, visitor patterns changed as tourists began to seek more recreational activities beyond the memorial sites. In response to changing visitor expectations, the park administration has developed approximately 300 kilometres of trails, including hiking paths, cycling routes, and educational trails. Facilities for picnics, recreation, and fitness have been established throughout the park.
The park's natural predisposition for tourism is significant, with 88% of its 3,907.54 ha area covered in forests and forest soil, complemented by glades, brooks, and cultural monuments that create conditions for outdoor relaxation and recreation. Scientific assessments have found that 41% of the park is suitable or very suitable for recreation, with the most favourable areas located in the central, northern, eastern, northeastern, and southeastern parts of the park.
While the commemoration of the Battle of Kozara remains an important annual event, the park now hosts various sporting and recreational events throughout the year. These include the Kozara Marathon (also known as Kozara Ultra Trail), mountain biking competitions that are part of the UCI calendar, alpine skiing, and winter sports festivals. The park's recreational potential is further enhanced by its proximity to several urban centres (Banja Luka 56 km, Prijedor 24 km, Gradiška 56 km), good road network, dining facilities, and existing tourist infrastructure. The Kozara National Park is certified by the EUROPARC Federation as an IUCN Protected Area Category V, confirming its recognized value for both conservation and recreation.
Tourism infrastructure within the park underwent privatization by 2016, with most facilities now operated by private entities rather than the park administration itself. Despite this change in management structure, the park continues to be one of the most significant natural and cultural tourist destinations in Republika Srpska. Based on its natural and cultural resources, tourism development in the park focuses on several forms: mountain tourism, hunting, spa (air-spa) tourism, cultural-historical tourism, scientific research, sports and recreation, gastronomy, picnic tourism, and special interest activities such as bicycling, camping, and mountain climbing.
May 1st (International Workers' Day) has emerged as one of the busiest periods for the park, with up to 10,000 visitors gathering spontaneously for picnics and camping, particularly around Mrakovica. This has prompted the park administration to designate specific areas for these activities to better manage visitor impact and protect the memorial area.

</doc>
<doc id="6929376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929376" title="Castle Betzdorf">
Castle Betzdorf



</doc>
<doc id="6929379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929379" title="Public holidays in Botswana">
Public holidays in Botswana

Public holidays in Botswana are largely controlled by government sector employers who are given paid time off. The government holiday schedule mainly benefits employees of government and government regulated businesses. At the discretion of the employer, other non-federal holidays such as Christmas Eve are common additions to the list of paid holidays.
Major Christian holidays such as Christmas and Good Friday are officially observed, leave is permitted for other religious holidays as well. For example, some school children and employees take days off for Muslim holidays, Hindu holidays, or Eastern Orthodox observances according to the Julian calendar. While not normally taken off work, Valentine's Day, Halloween, Mother's Day, and Father's Day are traditionally observed by the Batswana. 
Public holidays.
A public holiday (also known as "stats" or "general" or "statutory" holiday) in Botswana is legislated through the parliament of Botswana. Most workers, public and private, are entitled to take the day off with regular pay. However, some employers may require employees to work on such a holiday, but the employee must either receive a day off in lieu of the holiday or must be paid at a premium rate – usually 1½ (known as "time and a half") or twice (known as "double time") the regular pay for their time worked that day, in addition to the holiday pay.
Holidays with religious and cultural significance.
The religious and cultural holidays in Botswana are characterized by a diversity of religious beliefs and practices.
Christian holidays.
Some private businesses and certain other institutions are closed on Good Friday. The financial market and stock market is closed on Good Friday. Most retail stores remain open although some might close early. Public schools and most universities are closed on Good Friday, either as a holiday of its own, or part of spring break. The postal service operates, and banks regulated by the federal government do not close for Good Friday.
Many companies, including banks, malls, shopping centers and most private retail stores that normally open on Sundays are closed on Easter.
External links.
Calculating

</doc>
<doc id="6929380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929380" title="Coat of arms of Miskolc">
Coat of arms of Miskolc

The coat of arms of Miskolc, Hungary was created in 1909 based on the mediaeval seals of the city.
The first print of the seal was found in a 1376 document by Arnoldus, the judge of the town. The document was a decree by the town council approving a will concerning a vineyard on St. George Hill (the mediaeval name for Avas). The seal is almost completely undistinguishable on this document.
The next print can be found on a document dated 7 July 1389, in yellow sealing wax. Its legend is unreadable, and disputes arose about the identity of its heraldic figure, a king's head with a fleur-de-lis crown – according to one theory it is St. Stephen, the patron saint of the Avas church, but the fleur-de-lis indicates a king of the Angevin dynasty, possibly Louis the Great, who gave Miskolc town rights.
The next version is from a document from 1433, found in the archives of the Bárczay family. This seal, also affixed in yellow sealing wax, featured a bearded king, possibly Sigismund of Luxemburg, and the legend was "Sigillum Civitas Miskolcz" ("Seal of the city of Miskolc"). On the left side of the king's head there is a crescent moon, on the right side there is a six-pointed star. In 1577, during the Ottoman occupation the judge, Gergely Tejfeles lost the seal, and a new one was made, this also featured the number 1577 next to the king's head. This seal was in use until 1610.
Between 1633 and 1687 the print seal was changed to the figure of St. Stephen holding a sceptre and an orb in his hands. After 1687 the figure was changed again, to that of a saint, with a wheat stalk and a bunch of grapes in his hands.
In 1909, when Miskolc was granted municipal rights, and became independent from Borsod county, its coat of arms was created from elements of the previous seals.
During the second half of the Communist era of Hungary a different coat of arms was used, it was adopted in 1965 and featured a metalworker's figure, reflecting the city's importance in heavy industry, and the head of King Louis, separated by four wavy lines representing the river Sajó and the streams Szinva, Hejő and Pece.
In 1990 the old coat of arms from 1909 was re-adopted and it has been in use since then.

</doc>
<doc id="6929381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929381" title="Met-Rx World's Stongest Man">
Met-Rx World's Stongest Man



</doc>
<doc id="6929386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929386" title="M/80 mine">
M/80 mine



</doc>
<doc id="6929390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929390" title="Precious Friend">
Precious Friend

Precious Friend is a double album by Arlo Guthrie and Pete Seeger with "Shenandoah". The album, Guthrie's final record on Warner Bros., is a compilation of songs from when Guthrie and Seeger toured together. John Pilla produced the recording.
Background.
"Precious Friend" is a compilation of songs from when Guthrie and Seeger toured together. was recorded in 1981 at the Poplar Creek Music Theater, Pine Knob Music Theatre (DTE Energy Music Theatre), Greek Theatre and Concord Pavilion.
The songs on the album include "Kisses Sweeter than Wine", made famous by The Weavers, "If I Had a Hammer", and a multi-religious "Old Time Religion". The duo also perform three of Woody Guthrie's songs. Some tracks, rather than songs, are Guthrie or Pete telling stories or thinking out loud. The track "Sailin' Up, Sailin' Down" is based on Seeger's Hudson River Sloop Clearwater to clean up the Hudson River in the 1960s and beyond.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Side Three
Side Four
Critical reception.
The album was praised upon its release by "Rolling Stone" (which did not review Guthrie's last album, "Power of Love") as "more than a collection of old folk memories ... memory made alive." "Stereo Review" also ran a positive review, writing that it worked better than most other live albums because of Guthrie's and Seeger's "nice, decent, eternally optimistic" personalities. A later "All Music Guide"' review was more mixed, claiming some of the tracks "lost much of their initial charm" over time"."

</doc>
<doc id="6929393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929393" title="Henny Mürer">
Henny Mürer

Henny Mürer (22 February 1925 – 14 January 1997) was a Norwegian choreographer and dancer. She was also a journalist and critic for the broadcast and newspaper media.
Her twin sister was Alice Mürer Siem (1925-2002) who was also a choreographer and dancer. Together with her sister, she studied at Rita Tori's Ballet School (1938-1946). She debuted at the Chat Noir (1946) and went to teach at the Royal Ballet School (1946–49). She was a soloist in the newly established Norwegian National Opera and Ballet (1958-1965). She served as rector for the National Ballet School from 1979 to 1986.
She was awarded the Music Critics' Prize ("Kritikerprisen") in 1962 and the Order of St. Olav in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="6929395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929395" title="Lin Mei (Vanished Character)">
Lin Mei (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929398" title="Holidays in Botswana">
Holidays in Botswana



</doc>
<doc id="6929405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929405" title="National holidays in Botswana">
National holidays in Botswana



</doc>
<doc id="6929407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929407" title="John Fick">
John Fick

John Ralph Fick (May 18, 1921 – June 9, 1958) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. The left-hander appeared in four games for the Philadelphia Phillies in 1944 (July 29 – August 11). The 23-year-old rookie was a native of Baltimore, Maryland, the son of John Fick, a roofer, and Elizabeth.
Fick is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on July 29, 1944 in a home game against the Chicago Cubs at Shibe Park. All four of his appearances were in relief, and he was credited with one game finished. In 5 innings he gave up just 3 hits, 3 walks, and 2 earned runs. His record was 0–0 with an earned run average of 3.38.
In 1949, Fick married Anna Hlavac at St. Wenceslaus Catholic Church in Baltimore. He died at the age of 37 in Somers Point, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="6929411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929411" title="Alam Kooh">
Alam Kooh



</doc>
<doc id="6929426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929426" title="HMCS Gayundah">
HMCS Gayundah



</doc>
<doc id="6929427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929427" title="Cassiobridge tube station">
Cassiobridge tube station

Cassiobridge was a proposed London Underground station in Watford, Hertfordshire, England. The station would have been part of the Croxley Rail Link project, a scheme to extend the Metropolitan line to Watford Junction railway station. It would have been served by Metropolitan line trains between Watford Junction and Central London via . The railway line would run over Ascot Road via a viaduct and the platforms would have been situated on the east side of the road. Entrance to the station would have been from the west side of the road, with a ticket hall and other facilities at street level. Passengers would gain access to the platforms via stairs and lifts and a short footbridge over the road.
The station is projected to offer interchange with local transport services, and operate as an unstaffed station, providing automatic ticketing facilities similar to a DLR station. There is potential for Park and Ride facilities to be provided, although planning documents indicate high levels of congestion on adjacent roads. station would close to passenger services, so that all trains from Croxley would continue to Watford Junction.
The railway and station had been expected to come into service in 2020 but on 25 January 2017, the "Watford Observer" newspaper published an update on the Croxley Rail Link confirming that work had stopped as there was an ongoing funding issue.
Station name.
Originally the station was to be called Ascot Road but some local people and councillors considered that this name would not reflect the identity of the area. Transport planners also expressed concern that the new tube station could be too easily confused with Ascot station in Berkshire. After some consultation on the names of the two new stations on the line, it was decided in August 2013 to use the name Cassiobridge instead, while the planned Watford Hospital station was changed to Watford Vicarage Road to be more recognisable outside the area.
Cassiobridge as a name has some historical provenance. There was a Cassiobridge Farm close to a bridge over the River Gade and nearby there is an early 19th-century timber house called Cassiobridge Lodge. These properties are linked with the former stately home of Cassiobury House and its estate, now the public Cassiobury Park, and the surrounding suburb of Cassiobury. The two modern bridges in the area now carry the A412 road over the Grand Union Canal and the River Gade.

</doc>
<doc id="6929430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929430" title="Sara Collins (Vanished Character)">
Sara Collins (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929434" title="Jeff Bell (politician)">
Jeff Bell (politician)

Jeffrey Langley Bell (December 13, 1943 – February 10, 2018) was an American Republican Party politician, political consultant, author, and presidential speechwriter. He was the Republican nominee for the United States Senate from New Jersey in 1978, was a candidate for the Republican nomination for the Senate in 1982, and was the nominee against Democratic incumbent Cory Booker in 2014.
Early life and education.
A native of Washington, D.C., Bell was a 1965 graduate of Columbia University in New York City and a veteran of the Vietnam War's Tet Offensive.
Academic and consultancy work.
Bell was a former president of the Manhattan Institute, served as a fellow of the Harvard Institute of Politics at Harvard University; a visiting professor at the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers University; and as the DeWitt Wallace Fellow in Communications at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington. He most recently served on the board of directors of the American Conservative Union and of the Campaign Finance Institute at George Washington University. Bell was also a visiting scholar at the Ethics and Public Policy Center.
From 1988 to 2000, Bell served as president of Lehrman Bell Mueller Cannon, an economic and political forecasting company based in Arlington, Virginia. A principal of Capital City Partners from 2000 to 2012, a public affairs firm, Bell participated in the firm's contract with the United States Department of Health and Human Services to promote greater awareness of human trafficking in the United States. From 2010 to 2014, Bell was the director of policy of the American Principles Project (APP), a Washington-based advocacy group. He headed APP's "Gold Is Money" project, which advocates a return to the gold standard in the United States.
Political career.
Early work.
Bell worked as an aide to Presidents Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan and to U.S. Representative Jack Kemp of New York.
In the 1968 presidential election, Bell was working on the Nixon presidential campaign. On the evening of the Robert F. Kennedy assassination after the California primary, Bell happened to be the only staffer on hand at the Nixon campaign headquarters and made the phone call to the former vice-president's senior staff to notify them of Senator Kennedy's shooting.
Reagan's "$90 Billion" speech.
In 1975, Bell was responsible for a speech given by Ronald Reagan when he was running against President Gerald Ford in the Republican presidential primaries. In it, Reagan proposed a "systematic transfer of authority and resources to the states - a program of creative federalism for America's third century. Federal authority has clearly failed to do the job. Indeed, it has created more problems in welfare, education, housing, food stamps, Medicaid, community and regional development, and revenue sharing, to name a few. The sums involved and the potential savings to the taxpayer are large. Transfer of authority in whole or part in all of these areas would reduce the outlay of the federal government by more than $90 billion, using the spending levels of fiscal 1975. With such a savings it would be possible to balance the federal budget, make an initial $5 billion payment on the national debt and cut the federal personal income tax of every American by an average of 23 percent."
Bell's speech was intended to provide Reagan with a philosophical edge over President Ford. The Ford campaign, however, seized on it as evidence that in primary states like New Hampshire, which pay no state sales tax or income tax, that the state would have to come up with its own funds for programs. Reagan lost the New Hampshire primary to Ford, and the Bell policy was interpreted by some as a contributing factor.
1980 Reagan television spots.
In 1980, Bell produced and co-wrote the television commercials used by the Reagan presidential campaign in New Hampshire and subsequent primaries. The commercials, which focused on Reagan's policy to fight inflation by lowering taxes, were highly effective in boosting Reagan's popularity in the primary polls.
In "The Reagan Revolution" (Rowland Evans and Robert Novak, 1981), the effectiveness of these commercials is addressed: 
Other political work.
Bell was elected as a Reagan delegate from New Jersey to the Republican National Convention in 1980. As deputy chairman of the pro-Reagan group Citizens for America, Bell was actively involved in the passage of the Tax Reform Act of 1986. 
In addition to his work on the 1980 Reagan campaign, Bell was on the national campaign staff for Richard Nixon in 1968 and Reagan in 1976. In 1988, Bell served as the national campaign coordinator for Kemp for President and in 2000 he worked as a senior consultant to Gary Bauer's short-lived presidential campaign.
2014 U.S. Senate candidacy.
In February 2014 Bell rented a home in Leonia, New Jersey and announced he would run for the Republican nomination to challenge incumbent Democratic senator Cory Booker, running on an anti-Federal Reserve and populist platform. He narrowly won a four-way Republican primary on June 3, 2014, securing the nomination. Some of his promises are to restore the prosperity of the middle class by restoring the value of the dollar and not the value of the gold. By giving education that children deserve, promote legal immigration. Jeff Bell lost to Cory Booker in a 42.4% to 55.8% percentage vote respectively, approximately the same percentages as in the 1978 Bell-Bradley Senate race 36 years earlier. The popular vote results were 1,016,204 for Cory Booker and 772,991 for Jeff Bell.
Personal life and death.
Bell married to Rosalie O'Connell in 1983, and they had four children. At the time of his death, he resided in Annandale, Virginia. Bell died from cardiac arrest on February 10, 2018, at age 74.
Books.
Bell authored two books on modern American politics. The first, "Populism and Elitism: Politics in the Age of Equality", published in 1992, was called by political journalist Fred Barnes, then with The New Republic, "the most important political book" of 1992. His second book, "The Case for Polarized Politics: Why America Needs Social Conservatism," was published by Encounter Books on March 6, 2012. James Taranto in a February 2012 "Wall Street Journal" article, summarized the Bell thesis as follows: 
Bell discussed his book on an August 19, 2012 C-SPAN Washington Journal program. C-SPAN Bell Interview Bell has also written articles for numerous publications, most recently "The Washington Post", "The Wall Street Journal", and "The Weekly Standard".

</doc>
<doc id="6929450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929450" title="Jeffrey Collins (Vanished Character)">
Jeffrey Collins (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929460" title="Nightrise">
Nightrise

Nightrise is the third book in "The Power of Five" series, written by Anthony Horowitz. It was published and released in the UK on 2 April 2007 by Walker Books Ltd. It is preceded by "Evil Star", released in 2006, and followed by "Necropolis", which was released on 30 October 2008. The title is a reference to both the fictional organisation represented in the book, and the Old Ones' eclipsing presence on Earth.
Plot summary.
The story begins with fourteen-year-old identical twin brothers Jamie and Scott Tyler, performing in a theatre in Reno, Nevada. The Nightrise Corporation is to kidnap the boys, who are part of the magic show that has performed at the theatre for the past six months. Their foster father, Don White, sells the twins to them for $150,000, but Jamie escapes and is pursued. Scott is captured but Jamie is rescued by a woman. He awakens at a motel in which the woman is renting a room. The woman, who introduces herself as Alicia, says that her son, Daniel, was kidnapped by the same corporation after exhibiting clairvoyant powers. She takes Jamie to his foster parents' house only to realise they have been murdered by Nightrise, and that he and Scott have been framed for it; they escape only when Jamie uses his telepathic powers.
Alicia and Jamie go to Los Angeles where he reveals his backstory. He then tells her of his previous foster parents, with the alcoholic father committing suicide after threatening to separate the twins, and the weird and inexplicable "accidents" associated with them. He tells her about a strange, tattoo-like mark he has on his arm and that he thinks he is an American Indian. After these incidents, he and Scott refused to read or control anyone's minds, except for each other's. They find a lead to one of the men that kidnapped Scott, Colton Banes, and Alicia persuades Jamie to read his mind to find out where Scott is. Jamie manages to find out where Scott is being held: Silent Creek, a juvenile prison, where he is being tortured in an attempt to force him to side with Nightrise.
Alicia decides to seek help from her boss, John Trelawny, who is running for the presidency, and manages to convince him about Jamie's powers, and to help him get into Silent Creek. Trelawny affirms Jamie's powers and agrees to help him. Jamie is given a false identity and criminal history, those of juvenile crystal meth dealer Jeremy Rabb, and is imprisoned at Silent Creek, out in the desert. He finds that his brother is in solitary confinement there and that Alicia's son Daniel is there too, also in solitary confinement. One night, when he tries to use his power to demand that the power-hungry and abusive chief guard Max Koring take him to his brother, he realises that his powers do not work in the prison, because of some magnetic field that neutralises special powers. Koring puts him in solitary confinement for his rudeness, and secretly calls Banes to tell him he has found a Gatekeeper.
Jamie suffers a nightmarish vision during solitary confinement, triggered by the second gate opening, though he is unaware of what has happened. In Peru, Richard and Professor Chambers find Pedro by the helicopter. Pedro tells them that Matt went by himself to stop the gate from opening. Thinking Matt is dead, Richard runs until he finds Matt. Matt "looks like all the life was sucked out of him" and is in a coma. After seeing he has a pulse, Richard runs back to bring get help for Matt.
Joe Feather, the Native American intake officer at Silent Creek, knows of the mysterious tattoo on Jamie's shoulder, having seen all of the boys during the embarrassing strip search upon their arrival. He explains to Jamie that the twins are two of the Five, but Scott has already left Silent Creek. They work out a convincing plan to save Daniel and escape, whilst at the same time, Colton Banes is on their way to Silent Creek to kill Jamie. A fight goes on between Feather's tribe and Banes' men, resulting in Jamie being shot in the shoulder and Banes killed by an arrow.
Feather manages to break out with Daniel and Jamie, but Jamie falls unconscious following his shooting, and a female shaman is called on to bring him back. During this, however, Jamie is transported back in time to the height of the war between humanity and the Old Ones ten thousand years ago in what would later become England. It becomes clear that the original Gatekeepers are exactly the same as the Gatekeepers in the present, just with different names (except for Matt, who says "I prefer to use my name from your world"). Matt is obviously the leader, and most knowledgeable of the Gatekeepers. He tells Jamie that he sent fellow Gatekeeper Sapling to his death on purpose, as Chaos, the King of the Old Ones would then think he had won; however, if a Gatekeeper dies, his counterpart from the future/past would take his place, hence why Jamie is there. Jamie then participates in the battle against the Old Ones, in which the Old Ones are defeated and banished, having mistakenly thought that only four of the Five could come together and letting their guard down. At the place where the Five congregate, a gate is built on the battlefield, to be called Raven's Gate by future generations, whilst another gate is built in what will later become Peru. Jamie sees an eagle, which Matt explains is there to take him back to his own time.
Jamie wakes up in the present and, with Feather and Daniel, travels back to Reno to reunite Daniel with Alicia, parting ways with Feather afterwards. When he is asleep that night, he is spoken to again by a grey man in the dream world of the Gatekeepers (as he had been during the novel), who keeps saying "they're going to kill him". He finally realised what it means, originally mistaking that Scott was telling him that he was the one going to be killed, but he realises that Scott is the person going to kill John Trelawny. Throughout the book, Nightrise have been wanting Trelawny's rival, Charles Baker, to become president, as he will support the return of the Old Ones. However, when Trelawny became too popular, despite bad press created by Nightrise, assassination becomes the only option, as suggested by Nightrise's west American executive Susan Mortlake. It becomes apparent that this will take place during his birthday parade in his hometown of Auburn.
Alicia, Danny and Jamie hurry to Auburn to stop the assassination. Jamie sees Scott with Susan Mortlake, in the crowd, and he tries to send a telepathic message to him, but it fails. Desperate, Jamie commands Warren Cornfield, Trelawny's chief bodyguard and would-be assassin (being controlled by Scott), to aim the gun at Susan Mortlake. Cornfield shoots and kills Mortlake, and in the chaos, Jamie takes Scott and meets up with Alicia and Danny. They meet Natalie Johnson, a member of the Nexus and a friend of Trelawny's, who gives them her car to escape. Policemen immediately come after them and the twins bid farewell to Alicia and Danny. Jamie and Scott use a hidden doorway in a cave at Lake Tahoe and emerge in Cuzco at the Santo Domingo Church. The twins find their way to the Nazca desert and meet with Matt and Pedro, the first and second Gatekeepers.
Meanwhile, Scarlett Adams takes an aeroplane to Hong Kong to meet her father, who works for Nightrise. As Scarlett is about to leave, she finds out that John Trelawny has lost the election and that it is suspected that Nightrise had rigged the ballots as a failsafe.
Comparison with "The Silver Citadel".
"The Power of Five" series is based on ideas from a series written by Anthony Horowitz between 1983 and 1989, entitled "Pentagram". The "Pentagram" series was meant to have five books but only four were ever published, of which the third was "The Silver Citadel". In contrast to the original novel, "Nightrise" has some significant alterations that either change, expand or modernise the plot. Some of these changes made in "Nightrise" include the notable omission of the Queen of the Old Ones, a significantly more detailed section set in the past, and the introduction of Scar ("The Power of Five" series equivalent of the "Pentagram" series' character Will Tyler) a book earlier than originally depicted.
Adaptations.
A graphic novel adaptation written for Walker Books by UK writer Tony Lee and drawn by artist Nigel Dobbyn was released on 6 November 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6929461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929461" title="Cobbler wobbegong">
Cobbler wobbegong

The cobbler wobbegong (Sutorectus tentaculatus) is a carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae, the only member of the genus Sutorectus. It is found in the subtropical eastern Indian Ocean around Western Australia between latitudes 26° S and 35° S. It is frequently found in rocky and coral reef areas. Cobbler wobbegongs reach a length of . It has unbranched dermal lobes on the head, rows of warty tubercles along the back and black spots on the body and fins.
Morphology and ancestral relations.
Cobbler wobbegongs are a small species of carpet shark (given the name because of the carpet-like patterns on the skin), Orectolobiformes, that are capable of growing to a size of in total length. The size at birth of these sharks is approximately total length, with males maturing at a length of about total.
Based upon morphology, "Sutorectus" is placed ancestral to "Eucrossorhinus", also known as the tasseled wobbegong. "Sutorectus" and/or "Eucrossorhinus" are clustered together with "Orectolobus" in all of the six equally parsimonious trees. "Orectolobus" is also paraphyletic with respect to "Eucrossorhinus" and "Sutorectus" according to molecular data, meaning that they share a common ancestor. The type of genus of the family, "Orectolobus", could only be considered monophyletic with the inclusion of "S. tentaculatus" and "E. dasypogon".
In most orectolobiforms, the pectoral radials are primarily composed of three components—the cleithrum, coracoid, and scapula. Typically, the pectoral radials are short, with long ceratotrichia distally, aplesodic style. Wobbegongs are dorso-ventrally flattened, demersal sharks that can be distinguished from other elasmobranch families by the presence of warty dermal lobes or tubercles on the lateral sides of the head, as well as the dorsal surface of the shark. These dermal tubercles provide excellent camouflage to blend in with surrounding rocks of the reef. The variegated color pattern of the skin is composed primarily of a dark brown base interspaced with light areas with irregular dark spots. "Sutorectus tentaculatus" is also readily identified by the presence of short dorsal fins relative to the height of the body of the shark, with the first dorsal-fin originating from the front of the pelvic-fin midbase. Other identifiable features include, but are not limited to, their unbranched nasal barbels, symphysial groove on the chin, and dorsal saddles with jagged corrugated edges.
Diet and mouth structure.
The mouth morphology contribute to how the species eats and the food that they consume. Cobbler wobbegongs have two rows of enlarged fang-like teeth in the upper jaw and three rows in the lower jaw. The mouth is positioned in front of the eyes, giving them an advantage when attacking prey. Wobbegongs are ambush predators, meaning that they hide under the sand or in rocks and wait for their prey to pass by before they attack. The camouflage of their skin significantly impacts their success in this hunting style. The positioning and shape of their teeth, in addition to their heavy jaws, are fit to consume small benthic fish and invertebrates (crabs, lobsters and abalone). The sharp, jagged edges of the teeth allow these sharks to pierce through the thick scales of fishes and hard exteriors of invertebrates. 
Habitat.
The Cobbler wobbegong is typically found in rocky reefs and weedy areas at a depth of about . They are endemic to the temperate and tropical continental waters of the western Pacific and eastern Indian oceans but are most diverse in Australian waters. Similar to other wobbegongs, the Cobbler wobbegong does not venture far from its typical parameters. 
However, some have shown to have short-term fidelity to a site, but are not permanent residents, as they move out of an area over time and are replaced by other temporary residents.
Threats to population.
The cobbler wobbegong is a minor bycatch of Western Australian commercial fisheries. The cobbler wobbegong resides within the Southern and Eastern Scalefish and Shark Fishery, however the species is rarely caught by this fishery. Individuals have been caught in trawl nets, however most bycatch is not retained. The bycatch is placed back into the ocean and has a relatively high survival rate after release. Despite being a victim of bycatch, the species does not show any signs of decline. As of February 18, 2015, cobbler wobbegongs have been listed as the status of 'Least concern' by the IUCN Red List.
A study was conducted by the West Coast Rock Lobster Managed Fishery (WCRLF) in which the number of individual species of bycatch were recorded. In the 2006/2007 fishing season, an average of 1.69 wobbegong sharks were caught per 1000 pot lifts, with a total of 14,014 individuals per year. In the 2009/2010 fishing season 2.15 wobbegongs were caught per 1000 pot lifts, with a total of 4,745 individuals per year. It is important to note that this study reflects the family of 'Orectolobidae' and does not specify the specific species. With that in mind, these numbers are relatively minute and thus do not have a significant impact on the population of the species.
Potential predators of the cobbler wobbegong include the Australian fur seal. Australian fur seals are opportunistic hunters and primarily feed on fish and squid. It is possible for Australian fur seals to seek cobbler wobbegongs as prey, but there have been very few sightings of this. There are not many other predators recorded for this species. 
Reproduction.
The cobbler wobbegong is ovoviviparous, meaning that the species produces eggs which develop and hatch within the maternal body. The young sharks are then birthed, giving the appearance of live birth. A pup is typically about in length at birth and will reach sexual maturity at around . One pregnant female was studied, which contained 12 developing embryos with a sex ratio strongly biased towards males. 
The reproduction of the cobbler wobbegong has not been extensively studied; thus, conclusions can only be drawn from similarly related species. Reproduction of three closely related sympatric species of wobbegong, which include the "Orectolobus ornatus", "Orectolobus maculatus" and "Orectolobus halei", have been used to compare the reproductive cycle of Wobbegongs for the use of commercial fisheries. These species had synchronous, triennial reproductive cycles, meaning that they complete their reproductive cycle every three-years. Follicles develop and grow for two years before ovulation. Within the first year, follicles remain small but grow exponentially in the second year before ovulation in November. Gestation occurs between 10-11 months and parturition occurs during September-October. Litter sizes for these species ranged from nine to 21 individuals, with increasing numbers as the female increased in total length.

</doc>
<doc id="6929467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929467" title="Posterior divisions">
Posterior divisions



</doc>
<doc id="6929470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929470" title="Sutorectus tentaculatus">
Sutorectus tentaculatus



</doc>
<doc id="6929474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929474" title="Sutorectus">
Sutorectus



</doc>
<doc id="6929480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929480" title="Marcy Collins (Vanished Character)">
Marcy Collins (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929486" title="DVLC">
DVLC



</doc>
<doc id="6929491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929491" title="Carl Seashore">
Carl Seashore

Carl Emil Seashore, born Sjöstrand (January 28, 1866 – October 16, 1949) was a prominent American psychologist and educator. He was the author of numerous books and articles principally regarding the fields of speech–language pathology, music education, and the psychology of music and art. He served as Dean of the Graduate College of University of Iowa from 1908–1937. He is most commonly associated with the development of the "Seashore Tests of Musical Ability".
Background.
Seashore was born in Mörlunda, Hultsfred Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden, to Carl Gustav and Emily Sjöstrand. He emigrated with his family to the United States in 1870 at the age of 3 due to both economic and religious considerations and settled in Rockford, Iowa, before moving and settling in a farming community located in Boone County, Iowa. The name "Seashore" is a translation of the Swedish surname Sjöstrand. Seashore had two sisters and two brothers who were all educated in Swedish. His father, Carl Gustav Seashore, was a lay preacher and built a church, where Seashore began serving as the church organist at the age of 14.
He graduated from Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota, in 1891, having studied mathematics, music, classical languages and literature. Music was considered the "most important extracurricular activity in college" and he enjoyed singing at all sorts of collegiate occasions. During his years in college he served as the organist and choir director of a local Swedish-American Lutheran church and his salary there paid most of his college expenses. Seashore became a member of the Iowa Beta chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Seashore attended Yale University when it had just opened the Graduate Department of Philosophy and Psychology. He studied under George Trumbull Ladd, professor of metaphysics and moral philosophy, and Edward Wheeler Scripture, an experimental psychologist who conducted research on phonetics. In 1877, Ladd had authored the standard American textbook "Elements of Physiological Psychology". In 1895, Seashore was awarded the school's first Ph. D in psychology for his dissertation on the role of inhibition in learning.
After receiving his Ph.D. degree from Yale, Seashore spent the summer in Europe to visit different German and French psychology laboratories before returning to Yale University as a Fellow in Psychology and an assistant to Ladd. In 1897, he was offered a permanent position at Yale. Additionally, he was also offered an opportunity to go to China as a missionary teacher. However, he decided to return to his home state and spent the next fifty years as a researcher and an assistant professor of psychology at the University of Iowa. In 1908, Seashore was made Dean of the Graduate School at University of Iowa, where he maintained the position for nearly 30 years. He became president of the American Psychological Association in 1911 and presided over the 20th meeting in Washington, D.C.
Career.
In 1905, Seashore was made chairman of the Philosophy and Psychology Department and in 1908, he was made Dean of the Graduate School. He served for 40 years as Professor of Psychology and Chair of the Department of Psychology. He also served as Chairman of the Division of Anthropology and Psychology from 1933–1939.
He helped found the Iowa Psychological Clinic in 1908 and later became president of the American Psychological Association in 1911. He went on to establish the Psychopathic Hospital at the University of Iowa, the Iowa Institute for Mental Hygiene, and the Gifted Student Project in 1915.
Seashore was interested in audiology, the psychology of music, the psychology of speech and stuttering, the psychology of the graphic arts and measuring motivation and scholastic aptitude. In particular, he was interested in the three perspectives of the psychology of music: the psychology of individual talent, the psychology of aesthetic feeling in musical appreciation and expression, and the psychology of the pedagogy of music. Seashore used standardized tests to objectively measure an individual's ability to perceive different dimensions of music and how musical aptitude differed between students. He devised the Seashore Tests of Musical Ability in 1919, a version of which is still used in schools in the United States. The test involved controlled procedures for measuring respondent's ability to discriminate pitch, loudness, tempo, timbre, and rhythm.
His interests in the fine arts led to a joint effort with Dr. Norman Charles Meier (1893-1967) and the publication of the Meier-Seashore Art Judgment Test in 1929. During the early 1930s, he received financial support for his research from the Bell Laboratories. Among the larger projects that he supervised was one at the Eastman School of Music with financial assistance from George Eastman. His complete publication list from 1893 to 1949 includes 237 books and articles.
Given his interests in music and the arts, Seashore established some of the first graduate programs in the nation in the creative arts, especially music, theater, and the literary arts, where a student could obtain a doctorate with an artistic creation. He strived to incorporate experimental psychology and the scientific method into the fields of art and related subjects.
During his time at the University of Iowa, Seashore dedicated his career to education and research on the qualities of music perception and aesthetic talent. There, he also mentored several students that eventually became prominent psychological figures, such as Walter Richard Miles, Francis P. Robinson, Lee Edward Travis, and Joseph Harold Tiffin.
The Use of Vibrato in Music.
Seashore dedicated some of his musical focus on understanding the perception of vibrato, or the pulsation of pitch, in music and its effects on the richness and vibrance of tone. He spent considerable time to measure, record, and define the function of vibrato in music. He described vibrato as "a basic phenomenon of nature" to provide the tone with richness and emotion. Seashore proposed using devices and measuring instruments to record musical patterns and analyze the frequency, pulsation, and occurrence of vibrato in music.
Seashore Tests of Musical Ability.
Seashore was influenced by the scientific work of James McKeen Cattell, a prominent psychologist and the founding editor of the American Journal of Psychology, and wanted to apply the methods of scientific psychology and mental testing to his research interest on musical aptitude and sensory perception differences in individuals. He insisted that "musical talent is subject to scientific analysis and can be measured." To perform such measurements, Seashore and his colleagues constructed various devices, including an audiometer, to measure auditory acuity. He went on to devise a set of measures in 1919 that involved controlled procedures for measuring a respondent's ability to discriminate pitch, loudness, tempo, timbre, and rhythm. Seashore incorporated complex machinery, systems of pulleys to generate reproducible pitches, and a special set of tuning forks to test pitch discrimination, dissonance, rhythm, melodic memory, and music intensity.
Seashore proposed that musical talent cannot be defined as a single construct, but is a product of an accumulation, or a hierarchy, of different musical traits. In order to classify the true nature of an individual's musical talent, a quantitative and qualitative analysis must be conducted on the individual's hierarchy of musical traits. He speculated that if an individual demonstrated difficulties in making comparison judgments between tonal pairs, the individual would probably not be capable of becoming a first-class musician as a performer, nor is he or she likely to find music as a source of pleasure as many others find it. Seashore also proposed that the appreciation and expression of music may be divided into four fundamental capacities: sensory (ability to hear music), motor (the ability to express music), associational (the ability to understand music), and affective (the ability to feel music and express feelings). With the four capacities of music, Seashore devised a battery that tested an individual's ability to process and understand music while also assessing musical traits such as absolute pitch, pitch discrimination, and tone deafness.
While creating the different tests of musical talents, he made sure that the tests were: 
The test material were contained on five double-disk records that worked on any standard phonograph. Seashore recommended that the test should first be administered to children in the fifth grade and again in the eighth grade before children enter into elective courses in high school. The core subtests of the musical battery were created to assess five basic capacities of the musical mind:
Additional subtests were incorporated to measure other features of musical perception, including timbre, rhythm, musical memory, and emotional reactions and self-expressions in music. Teachers would also add qualitative information through ratings of brightness (estimate of the natural ability to do the work that the school requires under favorable conditions), singing (ability to sing as shown in public school music), and rhythmic action (child's ability to march, to skip, to dance, or take part in games requiring motor coordination).
Given the results of the battery, Seashore created a Talent Chart based on norms and percentile rank values for children in the fifth grade and eighth grade as well as adults. Each test would be normed and given a percentage value; the results would then be shown in a single graph or curve and would help convey an immediate representation of the features of musical traits or capacities of a specific individual.
The results in the inventory may serve to highlight areas of weaknesses and difficulty in music perception and training. Another aim of the battery was to identify musically talented students and to encourage them to pursue music. The inventory also serves to objectify the elements of musical appreciation and to shape the science, psychology, and art of music. The Seashore Tests of Musical Ability may also be implemented in elementary schools and used in group tests to identify gifted and talented musical individuals, to serve as a screening test for admissions into music-based schools, to pinpoint musical weaknesses, and to devise appropriate musical exercises in classroom settings. As Seashore's battery help predict relative successes and failures of elementary school students, he also created suitable instruments, such as a tonoscope to help identify the intonation of pitch and a rhythm meter to practice the synchronization of different rhythmic patterns, to allow students to practice and improve on areas of perceptual difficulties and musical training.
Meier-Seashore Art Judgment Test.
During his time at the University of Iowa, Seashore mentored and worked closely with Dr. Norman Charles Meier, who eventually became an associate professor in the psychology department. In 1929, Seashore and Meier published the Meier-Seashore Art Judgment Test, where subjects were asked to select the "better (more pleasing, more artistic, more satisfying)" from two pictures. 
The test booklet consisted of 125 pairs of pictures, each being an image and the same image altered "to lower its artistic existence". In principle, the test and discrimination of artistic aesthetics embody the features of objective measurement which have developed in the psychology of music talent and objectifies the systematic study of art judgment and art talent. According to Meier, aesthetic judgment is "one of the most important single factors in artistic competence" and argued that an art form takes on an aesthetic character when the parts are organized in accordance with universal principles that are found to exist in all good art. Similar to the Seashore Tests of Musical Ability, the aim of the test was to identify artistically gifted children and individuals who show evidence of aesthetic intelligence, creative imagination, and art talent.
Meier independently went on to develop the Meier Art Tests I: Art Judgment in 1940 and the Meier Art Tests: II. Aesthetic Perception in 1963 as successors of the Meier-Seashore Art Judgment Test and to continue measuring different dimensions of artistic aptitude.
Iowa Child Welfare Research Station.
Seashore helped supervise and promote the Iowa Child Welfare Research Station with Isaac Lea Hillis, the founder of the station, in 1918. Over the course of Seashore's supervision, the Iowa Child Welfare Research Station managed to garner over 1 million dollars from outside sources and issued over 1000 publications. The publications focused on research methods, nutrition, physical growth, mental growth, child behavior, pre-school education, parent education, and mental hygiene. The station became a national leader in the new fields of child development, child psychology, and intelligence testing.
Personal life.
In 1900, Seashore married Mary Roberta Holmes and had four sons. His oldest son, Robert Holmes Seashore, eventually became Professor of Psychology and Chairman of the Department of Psychology at Northwestern University.
Seashore spent the majority of his professional life at the University of Iowa, where he held the position of Dean of the Graduate School for 28 years. He retired in 1937 at the age of 70 but was recalled as Dean Pro Tempore of the Graduate School in 1942. After four years, he finally retired for the second time in 1946 at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="6929494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929494" title="Love handle">
Love handle



</doc>
<doc id="6929505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929505" title="Turnaround (album)">
Turnaround (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6929509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929509" title="Max Collins (Vanished Character)">
Max Collins (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929515" title="1993 Little League World Series">
1993 Little League World Series

The 1993 Little League World Series took place between August 23 and August 28 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The United States was represented by the defending series champion and West Region winner, the Long Beach, California Little League. The Latin American Region winner, the David Doleguita Little League of David, Chiriqui, Panama, won the International Championship.
Long Beach defeated Panama, 3–2, in the championship game of the 47th Little League World Series and retained its world championship. Long Beach became the first American team to repeat as champion and joined the teams from Monterrey, Mexico (in and ) and Seoul, South Korea (in and ) as the only teams to do so. Since then, only the Pabao Little League of Willemstad, Curaçao, has had the opportunity to repeat; they won the title but lost the championship game.
Regional disqualification.
The Dominican winners of the Latin American series were disqualified for using players who failed residency and age requirements.
Champions Path.
The Long Beach LL won 15 matches and lost only one match to reach the LLWS. In total their record was 20-1, their only loss coming against Thousand Oaks LL (from California).

</doc>
<doc id="6929521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929521" title="Judy Nash (Vanished Character)">
Judy Nash (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929537" title="Ben Wilson (Vanished Character)">
Ben Wilson (Vanished Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929543" title="Sacral foramen">
Sacral foramen



</doc>
<doc id="6929549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929549" title="Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand">
Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand

The Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT) (; ) is a state enterprise, managed by the Ministry of Energy, responsible for electric power generation and transmission as well as bulk electric energy sales in Thailand. EGAT, established on 1 May 1969, is the largest power producer in Thailand, owning and operating power plants at 45 sites across the country with a total installed capacity of 15,548 MW.
EGAT's monopoly position in Thailand's electrical energy market has been challenged by critics as influential as a former energy minister and other government members are on the board. It has been criticised as inefficient and an impediment to the development of renewable energy sources.
Mission.
As stated in EGAT's "Annual Report 2017":
Financials.
EGAT reported revenues of 494,119 million baht in fiscal year 2017 (FY2017: 1 January–31 December 2017). Net income was 59,042 million baht and total assets grew to 986,306 million baht.
Operations.
EGAT's power generation plants consist of three thermal power plants, six combined cycle power plants, 24 hydropower plants, eight renewable energy plants, and four diesel power plants. EGAT produced 37 percent of Thailand's electricity; independent power producers, 35 percent; small power producers, 19 percent; and electricity imports, 9 percent. Gas-fired generation powers 67 percent of EGAT's electricity generation while coal-fired power plants account for 20 percent. Most of EGAT's electricity is sold to the Metropolitan Electricity Authority (MEA), which supplies the Bangkok region, and the Provincial Electricity Authority (PEA), which supplies the rest of Thailand.
EGAT operates the Mae Moh coal (lignite) mine in Lampang Province and is required by its enabling legislation to sell lignite.
Observers have noted that in some Western countries, the state purchases renewable energy from producers first before purchasing non-renewable energy. If renewables fail to meet the country's energy demand, it is topped up using non-renewable energy sources. In Thailand, this policy is reversed.
EGAT's net profits have declined 3.5 to 4 percent per year for the last several years, in concert with its share of power generation dipping to 36 percent in 2017 from 55 percent over a decade ago. Independent power producers (IPP) ramped up production over the last four years, from a few hundred megawatts to nearly 3,000 MW at the end of 2017. As IPP-supplied power purchases increase, EGAT's profits decline.
As of May 2016, EGAT employed 22,955 persons. To shore up declining profits, EGAT intends to reduce its staff to 15,000 by 2021, the first staff cuts in its 49-year history.
Fossil fuel consumption.
In the first half of 2016, Thailand imported 11.13 million tonnes of coal, up 3.5 percent from 10.76 million metric tonnes (mt) in the first half of 2015. Indonesia and Australia supplied 5.6 million tonnes of bituminous coal and 5.5 million tonnes of "other" coal. China and Russia supplied 47,395 tonnes of anthracite coal. Thailand produced 6.88 million mt of lignite from January–May 2016, rising 7.5 percent from the same period in 2015. EGAT accounts for "...most of the country's domestic lignite production, which is mainly supplied to its own power plants." Coal-fired power plants consumed 10.31 million mt of coal and lignite from January to May 2016, or 60.9 percent of the total, rising 11.4 percent year on year.
In 2017, Thailand imported 22.18 million mt of coal, up 2.5 percent from 2016. The nation produced 16.26 million mt of lignite in 2017, down 4.2 percent year on year. The country consumed a total of 39.07 million mt of coal and lignite, up 0.9 percent. Coal-fired power plants consumed 23.73 million mt of the total, down 4.2 percent from 2016. Other industries consumed the remainder.
While EGAT pushes forward with plans for coal-fired generating plants, many countries are spurning coal or deferring its use:
Thailand Power Development Plan 2015-2036 (PDP2025).
Guiding EGAT's efforts is Thailand's Power Development Plan (PDP). The plan, prepared by the Ministry of Energy (MOE) and EGAT, is issued iteratively. The previous edition, PDP2010 Revision 3, covered the years 2012-2030.
Along with the PDP, the MOE produces several subsidiary plans that roll up into the PDP:
PDP2015 begins with the assumptions that:
PDP2015 projects the following changes in Thailand electrical power generation fuel mix over the period 2014-2036:
PDP2015 projects that Thailand's CO2 emissions from power generation will rise from 86,998,000 tons in 2015 to 104,075,000 tons in 2036.
Thailand's newest power development plan, PDP2018, is expected to be issued in September 2018.
Demand Side Management (DSM) program.
On December 3, 1991, The Cabinet of the Royal Thai Government passed a resolution approving the establishment of the Demand Side Management Program (DSM) as a new department of EGAT. DSM’s mission is to promote the efficient use of electricity in Thailand . The first DSM program made its official debut on September 20, 1993 under the slogan “Together in Conservation”. Since then, EGAT has introduced the Energy Label No. 5 Project to the Thai people to promote energy efficient appliance utilization. The year 2017 marked 24 years since demand side management was implemented and EGAT launched a Shirt
No. 5 initiative to promote the use of energy efficient clothes that were wrinkle-free after washing and thus didn't require ironing. The Thailand Textile Institute and 22 cloth producers collaborated in this campaign to develop clothes to reduce the use of electricity from ironing. Cloth products started to be labeled with Label No. 5 in January, 2018.
Reserve capacity concerns.
Several critics have pointed out that EGAT's in-house generating capacity coupled with its power purchases from other suppliers has resulted in excessive reserve capacity. One such critic has been the editorial board of the "Bangkok Post". They point out that in May 2017, Thailand's peak power demand was 28,578 MW. Total EGAT installed and purchased power capacity in May 2017 was 41,903 MW, leaving a reserve power capacity of 13,325 MW, 46 percent of total May demand. Industry standard best practice is that a 15 percent reserve power capacity is sufficient to "...maintain a stable power supply." In July 2017, EGAT generated 16,071 MW and purchased 25,652 MW from other suppliers for a total of 41,723 MW.
Updated figures reported in June 2018 indicate that Thailand has the capacity to produce or purchase 42,547 megawatts. Peak demand as of 31 April 2018 was recorded at 29,968 megawatts. Thus Thailand has a installed reserve margin of 58 percent. The "internationally accepted ideal reserve margin...[is] 15 percent of peak demand."
Plans and protests.
EGAT continues to press forward with plans to construct six new coal-fired power plants by 2025 in spite of institutions such as the World Bank halting funding for new coal projects except in "rare circumstances". Rachel Kyte, the World Bank climate change envoy, said continued use of coal was exacting a heavy cost on some of the world's poorest countries, in local health impacts as well as climate change, which is imposing even graver consequences on the developing world. "In general globally we need to wean ourselves off coal...There is a huge social cost to coal and a huge social cost to fossil fuels...if you want to be able to breathe clean air." EGAT "...has—in TV commercials—ridiculed renewable energy as expensive and insufficient to deal with rising electricity demand."
A persistent criticism of EGAT is that it has paid scant attention to the demand side of the energy equation. Rather than build more carbon-powered plants, working to reduce demand and use existing supplies more efficiently has taken a back seat to network expansion. Opportunities for big savings exist: on 29 March 2014, Thailand observed "Earth Hour." For one hour, superfluous lighting was turned off, resulting in a savings of 1,778 megawatts, the energy equivalent of a new power plant, and more than six million baht in power bills.
EGAT's plans for future developments have been dogged by protests by local residents:
Krabi power plant.
In mid-2015, government plans to build an 800 megawatt coal-fired electricity generating station (EGAT Coal-Fired TH #3) in Krabi Province have generated protests and hunger strikes by those opposed to the plant who say that it would endanger Krabi's relatively pristine environment. EGAT has pushed forward with development despite not having completed an environmental impact study. It intends to start the bidding process without an environmental assessment in order to "save time". The Krabi site is one of nine coal-fired plants planned for southern Thailand to be constructed over the next two decades to off-set the depletion of natural gas fields in the Gulf of Thailand. Opponents of the plan say their demands—which include a three-year waiting period to see if the province can produce 100 percent renewable energy—have been ignored.
In August 2015, the prime minister ordered the formation of a commission composed of state agencies, EGAT, and citizen activists to find solutions to the power plant conflict. Gen Sakon Sajjanit was appointed committee chairman. It was agreed that the government put a hold on consideration of the Environmental Impact Assessment and Environmental Health Impact Assessments; that EGAT postpone bidding for the plant and the seaport; and that all parties allow Krabi to try to produce 100 percent renewable energy for three years with government support. EGAT broke the agreement as it proceeded with the bidding process, won by the Power Construction Corporation of China and Italian-Thai Development PCL. In November 2016, Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha put the project "on-hold". According to the "Bangkok Post", this is a move to "buy time".
In early 2017, following a series of protests by those opposed to a coal-fired plant in Krabi, Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha ordered that new environmental (EIA) and health impact assessments (EHIA) be conducted for the Krabi project. He directed that the public must be allowed to have its say. "A new power plant will certainly be built, but how? We have to take a look at what is good, safe and can deal with power shortages in order to ensure power security. There must be a balance between fossil fuels and recyclable energy," the prime minister said. The new assessments are expected to take at least two and a half years to complete, which means the Krabi power plant will be delayed to 2024 from its original schedule of 2019. EGAT officials insisted that a new power plant is still needed in south Thailand to meet the region's power demands, which increase by four to five percent annually.
In February 2018 the Ministry of Energy put the Krabi coal-fired power plant "on hold" for three years pending additional EHIA (environmental and health impact assessment) and EIA (environmental impact assessment) studies.
Thepha power plant.
In Songkhla Province's Thepha District, a public hearing on EGAT's plans to build a coal-fired plant was ringed with razor wire to prevent opponents of the plan from gaining access to the hearing. The hearing, the third and final hearing on the Environment and Health Impact Assessment (EHIA) for the 2,400 megawatt plant, was policed by 400 soldiers, police, and volunteers. Some attendees admitted being transported to the hearing by local village leaders, who also provided them with gifts and food coupons. Songkhla Governor Thamrong Charoenkul chaired the hearing despite questions raised regarding his neutrality. He told the hearing that the project will benefit Thepa residents. "Since Egat has proposed the project, Thepha is now known nationwide. Shouldn't we be proud about that?" he said. Anuchart Palakawongse Na Ayudhya, director of EGAT's Project Environment Division, insisted EGAT's hearings were lawful. "We have organised the public review step by step according to the law," he said. Anuchart said EGAT did not bar anyone from expressing their opinions. "It's impossible to cancel the project. Most Thepha people support it," he said.
On 17 August 2017, an expert committee of the Natural Resources and Environmental Policy and Planning Office (ONEP) approved the 2,200-megawatt coal-fired power plant's EHIA, removing one of the last hurdles to the plant's construction. The EHIA's approval was met with renewed criticism. The "Bangkok Post" commented that, "These...assessments turn out to be just another rubber stamp for operators — in this case...EGAT..." ONEP responded to criticism by defending its approval. A construction schedule has not yet been published.
In February 2018 the Ministry of Energy put the Thepha coal-fired power plant "on hold" for three years pending additional EHIA (environmental and health impact assessment) and EIA (environmental impact assessment) studies.
Salween River projects.
Thailand's Power Development Plan, approved in May 2015 (PDP 2015), outlines the government's plans to import up to 10,000 MW of electricity from Myanmar over the next two decades. Much of this electricity is expected to come from planned hydro-power projects on the Salween River ("Thanlwin" in Myanmar). Thailand and Myanmar have signed an agreement for the Salween dams project, five dams on the Salween and another dam on the Tenasserim River. EGAT has been pushing forward two projects: the 1,360 MW Hatgyi dam in Kayin State and the 7,100 MW Mong Ton dam in Shan State (formerly known as the Tasang dam).The Mong Ton dam, in central Shan State, would span the Salween and Pang rivers, covering an area the size of Singapore.
Litigation.
EGAT has been the target of several lawsuits brought by neighbours of several of its operations. The best known legal challenge took place in Mae Mo. Mae Mo is the site of a 2,400 MW lignite-fueled power plant run by EGAT. Coal-fired power plants such as Mae Mo can release up to 150 million tonnes of CO2 over their design life of 20–25 years, according to Greenpeace-Thailand.
The plant has been the target of a series of lawsuits brought by locals who claim that the lignite mining operation and the burning of lignite fuel by EGAT has negatively impacted the environment and the health of those living in the vicinity. A 12-year fight by villagers for compensation for damages ended in victory for the plaintiffs in February 2015. The Supreme Administrative Court in Chiang Mai Province upheld a ruling by the Chiang Mai Administrative Court in 2005. The court handed down a verdict ordering EGAT to pay compensation to 131 plaintiffs, some of them deceased. Plant victims were awarded between 20,000-240,000 baht each, commensurate with their suffering. The total amounts to 25 million baht plus 7.5 percent interest.
Several days earlier, the court had ordered EGAT to return its Mae Mo golf course, adjacent to the open pit lignite mine, to woodland in order to help clean up the air pollution caused by EGAT's Mae Mo operations.

</doc>
<doc id="6929557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929557" title="Adam Putnam (Vanished character)">
Adam Putnam (Vanished character)



</doc>
<doc id="6929563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929563" title="Settler Wagon">
Settler Wagon



</doc>
<doc id="6929565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929565" title="Side Streets (1998 film)">
Side Streets (1998 film)

Side Streets is a 1998 comedy-drama film directed by Tony Gerber, about the intersecting lives of diverse people in New York City. It stars Valeria Golino, Shashi Kapoor, Shabana Azmi, Miho Nikaido, Art Malik, Victor Argo, Rosario Dawson, and Jennifer Esposito.
This movie is currently distributed by Multicom Entertainment Group in some territories via The Archive, where it has been remastered in 4K since then.

</doc>
<doc id="6929568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929568" title="Triumph Italia">
Triumph Italia

The Triumph Italia 2000 Coupé was built between 1959 and 1962, during which time 330 cars were produced. Designed by Giovanni Michelotti, the TR3 chassis and mechanical components were supplied by the Triumph Motor Company in the United Kingdom, and built in Turin, Italy.
History.
Designed by Giovanni Michelotti and built at a facility owned by Carrozzeria Vignale in Turin, under contract to Ruffino S.p.A. Industria Costruzione Automobile of Naples, the car was expected to appeal to people wanting the dependability and readily available stock of mechanical parts of a Triumph, but who were willing to spend more for a better looking car than the current TR3. Advertising copy proclaimed it "Italian bodywork at its best, British tradition in sports car engineering at its finest."
At the time, Salvatore Ruffino was the owner of CESAC, the Italian company that distributed Standard-Triumph in Italy. He approached Standard-Triumph to supply chassis and mechanical components to build 1,000 cars. Ruffino approached a number of carrozzeria, including Zagato. He had not found a design that was to his liking and was later introduced to the young, Giovanni Michelotti. It was this introduction that was to lead to the Triumph Italia. The resulting two door coupé, now referred to as the "slope-nosed prototype," was well received at the 1958 Turin Motor Show – "Italian artistry and British craftsmanship have come together and produced this new, superlative Italia 2000 Coupé." A second prototype was built with a revised nose and rear roof line. The change was necessary after road tests with the first prototype highlighted some handling issues. This second prototype was much closer to the final "look" of the Italia. The first prototype was converted into another car, quite possibly the second prototype. This second car still survives. The 1959 Turin show featured another early car (probably Italia #3) on the Triumph stand and, by all accounts, the motoring press was impressed. The first two "show" cars were Italia #1 which was delivered to Standard-Triumph for testing and Italia #2 which was reputedly Ruffino's personal car. These early show cars had many small differences from the later "production" run. The first 13 cars were assembled completely by Vignale. These cars have a number of different badges but not all appeared on all of these "show" cars. On the nose was a large "V" (for Vignale) badge, a "by G. Michelotti" badge on the bonnet, small "Vignale" scripts and a cloisonné Vignale-badge on the front wings, "Triumph Italia" on the rear wings with a set of Vignale crossed-flags (these are very similar to the ones on the Standard-Triumph Vignale Vanguard, they are nautical flags for "V" and "S," the "S" presumably for Standard-Triumph), a large Vignale script on the boot handle and a "Triumph 2000" script on the boot. After the first 13, Ruffino took over production on an assembly line he leased from Vignale for the remainder of production.
Ruffino began full production in December 1959 with only a few changes from the Vignale-built "show" cars. The most noticeable differences include the badging. The car was no longer billed as the "Triumph Italia" and was now referred to as the "Italia 2000." Other than a cloisonné Vignale-badge on the front wings and crossed-flags on the rear wings, all other references to Vignale were removed. The only reference to Triumph were the "T.M. Triumph" badges on the rear wings. Subsequent investigation points to the "T.M." representing the Italian (Telaio e Motore) for "Chassis and Engine." Perhaps the easiest method to identify a "production" Italia is the use of side marker lights on the front wings. While aluminum was used for a few internal panels, all Italias used steel for the bodywork.
Each Italia has a small badge located near the bonnet catch, identifying its place in production. For the production series, this badge was riveted in place. If this badge is missing, the number can be found stamped on other parts of the car or written on the backs of the interior panels. In the case of a missing badge, it is important for owners to check in multiple places for numbers as occasionally parts from cars being assembled at the same time were interchanged with others. Cars in the 1XX, 2XX or 3XX series may only have the last two digits of their numbers stamped on subsequent parts. Chassis were not used consecutively and this can make it difficult to identify a car if the Standard-Triumph chassis plate is missing. If the original engine is still in place, the chassis number can be found from this. It would be almost impossible for a TR series car to have an engine and chassis number that are the same, as engines were pulled from the assembly line to supply other manufacturers including Morgan, Peerless and even Ajax Marine engines.
Ruffino envisioned building 1,000 cars, between 1960 and 1962, with worldwide distribution including the American marketplace. He had a verbal agreement to have every Triumph dealer (720) purchase an Italia. The Italia never became an official model of Standard-Triumph but is represented in the Standard-Triumph records with a specification list and part numbers for modified parts shipped to Ruffino with the chassis.
Facing ongoing financial and labor problems, Standard-Triumph was taken over by Leyland Motors in 1961. Perhaps fearing increased competition, the new management did not honour the verbal contract that Ruffino had made with Triumph, and instead concentrated their efforts on the new TR4. Also a Michelotti design, it clearly borrowed elements from the Italia, including the distinctive bonnet bulge, kick-up door with wind-up windows, and roomier, more modern body design. The TR4 was released in 1962.
When Triumph decided not to distribute the Italia, Ruffino S.p.A. re-badged the car as the Italia 2000 and continued production. Over a three-year production period (mid-1959 to mid-1962) Vignale produced 330 cars — 2 prototypes and 328 numbered production cars. Six cars were produced in right-hand drive. The first show car, Italia #1, was converted to right-hand drive after being sold by Standard-Triumph. After a six-month halt in production, the last run of 29 cars was based on the TR3B chassis. These all used the TSF chassis specification and so retained the 1991 cc engine and non-synchro first gear transmission of the TR3.
The first brochure from Ruffino listed these options: adjustable steering, overdrive (this was indicated by an extra "O" at the end of the chassis number), leather interior (rare), white wall tires, Dunlop High Speed tires (early cars were supplied with Michelin radials as standard), Competition Rear Shocks, Competition Front Springs, Aluminum Sump, and Radio. Later brochures show fewer option choices: overdrive, steel disc wheels, leather interior, white wall tires and adjustable steering. Period photos show Borrani wire wheels only on the second prototype along with a Nardi wood steering wheel. A few cars had a Nardi wheel which may have been installed from new.
Italia sales in America were handled by Stutz Plaisted Imports (Salem, Massachusetts). Even though production came to a close in 1962, the last 29 cars sat in Italy until 1964. When Ruffino relinquished his Standard-Triumph distributorship, Triumph shipped these last cars to the U.S. Some were used at Standard-Triumph's office in New York, and others were sold through various dealers, the last few being sold in 1965. Slow sales can be attributed to the expensive $5,000 price tag (a $1,000 premium over the TR3). Body parts were not stocked outside Italy and buyers were required to sign a release form of acknowledgment. Starting in late 1961, cars were also distributed by Inter National Motors of Los Angeles with a considerably lower $3995 price tag.

</doc>
<doc id="6929571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929571" title="Train spotters">
Train spotters



</doc>
<doc id="6929577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929577" title="Feeling the Fall">
Feeling the Fall



</doc>
<doc id="6929586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929586" title="2006 Philadelphia Eagles season">
2006 Philadelphia Eagles season

The Philadelphia Eagles season was the franchise's 74th season in the National Football League (NFL), and the eighth under head coach Andy Reid. the Eagles improved on their 6–10 record from 2005 and finishing 10–6, reclaiming the NFC East, and winning a playoff game at home. The season ended in a Divisional Round playoff loss to the New Orleans Saints, but was seen as a success in the face of the adversity of losing starting quarterback Donovan McNabb to injury in Week 11.
The Eagles won four of their first five games, but they underwent a mid-season downturn that left them 5–6 and without McNabb. Backup quarterback Jeff Garcia stepped in and running back Brian Westbrook stepped up as the season turned around for Philadelphia. The team came back from the dead in late November to win their last five regular season games, surprisingly winning the NFC East division title after a three-game December road sweep of all of its division rivals. They beat the New York Giants 23–20 in a home playoff game before finally losing to the Saints.
McNabb started the season with MVP-caliber numbers before his November injury, while Garcia was efficient, running the "West Coast offense" perfectly and completing eleven touchdown passes with only two interceptions. Westbrook became the focal point of the team's offense after the loss of McNabb, and responded by rushing for 1,217 yards and racking up 699 receiving yards. Trade acquisition Donté Stallworth combined with second-year wideout Reggie Brown to catch 15 touchdown passes and amass 1,541 receiving yards. Meanwhile, the offensive line was a quiet strength of the team, featuring emerging star Shawn Andrews and a group that started all 16 games together. The offense managed to morph from a quick-strike team under McNabb to a methodical balanced attack under Garcia while finishing No. 2 in yards in the league.
The defense was much improved from the previous season. The early season pass rush was savage, and the team appeared to be on the way to a sacks record, but a season-ending injury to Jevon Kearse and attrition weakened the defensive line. During the team's mid-season slump, the run defense was porous, but an elevation in play, spearheaded by defensive leader and All-Pro Brian Dawkins, helped the team turnaround. Trent Cole had eight of the team's 40 sacks and Lito Sheppard and his six interceptions made the Pro Bowl. The defense snagged 19 picks, returning four of them for touchdowns.
Offseason.
In the 2006 NFL draft, the Eagles used their first pick on Florida State defensive tackle Brodrick Bunkley. Then they used their next pick (acquired from the Tennessee Titans) on Southern California offensive tackle Winston Justice. The rest of their picks included California Polytechnic State defensive end Chris Gocong, Georgia guard Max Jean-Gilles, Michigan wide receiver Jason Avant, Colorado wide receiver Jeremy Bloom, Tennessee linebacker Omar Gaither, and Southern California defensive tackle LaJuan Ramsey.
When the team met for training camp in the summer, they looked to erase the bad taste left by the disastrous 2005 season. Quarterback Donovan McNabb, returning from his sports hernia injury of the previous season, declared that he believed the team to be capable of reaching the Super Bowl. However, most of the national sports media picked the Eagles to finish last in a highly competitive NFC East.
Correll Buckhalter returned after two years on injured reserve and the team added depth to the offensive and defensive lines. At the end of training camp, the Eagles cut two long-standing players from the team. They let maligned wide receiver Todd Pinkston go, due to his lingering Achilles tendon injury from the previous season. The team also released backup quarterback Koy Detmer, with former Pro Bowler Jeff Garcia and former Eagle A. J. Feeley becoming the team's new backups.
There was criticism based around the Eagles' failure to adequately replace departed wide receiver Terrell Owens. However, with about a week left until the regular season began, the Eagles made a trade to get Donté Stallworth from the New Orleans Saints for linebacker Mark Simoneau and a conditional fourth-round draft pick in 2007.
Schedule.
Regular season.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Regular season.
Week 1: at Houston Texans.
"at Reliant Stadium, Houston, Texas"
The Eagles opened the regular season on the road against the Houston Texans on September 10. The Eagles trailed early, as Texans QB David Carr completed a 25-yard TD pass to WR Eric Moulds. The Eagles would respond in the second quarter as QB Donovan McNabb completed a 42-yard TD pass to WR Donte' Stallworth. Even though Texans kicker Kris Brown would make a 34-yard field goal, the Eagles would take the lead for good as McNabb completed a 5-yard pass to WR Reggie Brown. In the second half, Philadelphia would wrap up the win with a 31-yard TD pass to RB Brian Westbrook in the third quarter and Kicker David Akers making a 42-yard field goal in the fourth quarter.
Week 2: vs. New York Giants.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
The Eagles Week 2 home opener began similar to the game against the Houston Texans, the Giants marched downfield on their first drive with a touchdown pass from Eli Manning to Amani Toomer. Similar to the Houston game, the Eagles would proceed to destroy the Giants offense with 8 sacks and amass over 400 yards on the Giants defense going a 24-point scoring run. However, in the 4th quarter, the Eagles completely collapsed on offense with a Brian Westbrook fumble, dropped passes and the inability to convert key 3rd downs to run out the clock. The defense failed to capitalize on a Plaxico Burress fumble in the redzone which turned into a touchdown for the Giants. The Eagles also began giving Eli Manning time to connect with his receivers downfield. Towards the end of regulation, Eagles defensive end Trent Cole was flagged for a personal foul which allowed Giants kicker Jay Feely to tie the game with a field goal.
The game proceeded to overtime with the Eagles offensive woes continuing and the defense allowing the Giants to score a miraculous touchdown on 3rd a long from Manning to Burress. To add to the loss, the Eagles lost Jevon Kearse for the remainder of the season with a knee injury.
Week 3: at San Francisco 49ers.
"at Candlestick Park, San Francisco, California"
Hoping to take out their frustration from the previous week's performance, where they gave up a 17-point lead in the fourth quarter and lost to the Giants, the Eagles flew to the West Coast to take on the San Francisco 49ers. The Eagles started off well with RB Brian Westbrook catching a 4-yard TD pass from QB Donovan McNabb, along with TE L.J. Smith catching a 1-yard TD pass. In the second quarter, the 49ers would get on the board with kicker Joe Nedney kicking a 48-yard field goal, but the Eagles made sure to stay as far away as possible, with Brian Westbrook making a spectacular 71-yard TD run, along with kicker David Akers booting a 21-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Philadelphia took advantage of a Niners miscue, as DT Mike Patterson returned a fumble 98 yards for a touchdown. San Francisco would get a touchdown, ona a 1-yard run by rookie RB Noah Robinson. In the fourth quarter, Noah Robinson would get another 1-yard TD run, but the Eagles managed to put the game away with Brian Westbrook getting an 8-yard TD run. The 49ers would get one more TD, as QB Alex Smith completed a 15-yard pass to TE Eric Johnson, but fortunately, the Eagles would avenge last week's collapse with a win to give them the lead in the NFC East at 2–1.
Week 4: vs. Green Bay Packers.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
Following their dominating road win over the 49ers, the Eagles returned home for a Monday Night match-up with the Green Bay Packers. Early in the game, the Eagles offense struggled with two goal-line fumbles being recovered by the Packers. In the first quarter, Packers kicker Dave Rayner nailed a 23-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, Philadelphia would score on QB Donovan McNabb's 6-yard TD run. However, Green Bay managed to get two more field goals, as Rayner got a 54-yarder and a 46-yarder to end the half. In the second half, it was all Eagles, as in the third quarter, kicker David Akers got a 40-yard field goal, while McNabb and WR Greg Lewis connected on two touchdown passes of 45 and 30 yards. In the fourth quarter, the Philly offense wrapped things up as McNabb got a 15-yard TD run, while the defense ended the game on a goal-line stand. With their victory, the Eagles managed to get their first home win of the season as the team improved to 3–1.
Week 5: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
 
 
 
 
 
In a game that was hyped by wide receiver Terrell Owens' return to Philadelphia as a Cowboy (FOX promoted it as being the game of the year), the Eagles went up against their long-time rival at home, as another chapter was written in the famed Dallas Cowboys–Philadelphia Eagles rivalry. In the first quarter, the Eagles drew first blood as running back Brian Westbrook got a 5-yard TD run (which was set up on a fumbled punt attempt), while kicker David Akers kicked a 27-yard field goal after a quarterback Drew Bledsoe fumble. The Cowboys would score in the period, as running back Marion Barber got a 2-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Cowboys OLB Greg Ellis sacked QB Donovan McNabb, causing him to fumble, which was picked up by OLB DeMarcus Ware who returned it 69 yards for a touchdown. McNabb would make up for his fumble by getting a 1-yard touchdown on a QB sneak after a long completion to L.J. Smith. However, the Eagles trailed at halftime, as Bledsoe ran 7 yards for a score. In the third quarter, Philadelphia would get back on top, as McNabb threw an 87-yard bomb to rookie wide receiver Hank Baskett. In the fourth quarter, the Cowboys evened the score with a Mike Vanderjagt 39-yard field goal. The Eagles responded with a 40-yard McNabb to Reggie Brown flea-flicker touchdown. With Dallas threatening to tie the score late in the game, cornerback Lito Sheppard, who already had an interception, returned a Bledsoe pass 102 yards for a touchdown. With their 38–24 victory, Philadelphia managed to take the lead in the NFC East. McNabb finished with 354 yards, two passing TDs and one rushing TD, while Owens was a nonfactor with only 3 catches for 45 yards and several drops. Stats The win ended the Eagles seven-game losing streak to their division rivals.
Week 6: at New Orleans Saints.
"at the Louisiana Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana"
The Eagles lost a tight one to the resurgent New Orleans Saints in a loud and excited Louisiana Superdome.
The Eagles, possibly suffering a letdown after their dramatic win over Dallas the previous week, came out sluggish and fell behind 10–0. They were about to get the ball with 1:56 left in the 2nd quarter, but Ryan Moats and Dexter Wynn muffed the punt return, turning it over to the Saints, who proceeded to score on a very short field to send the game into halftime with a commanding 17–3 lead.
The second half was a different story, however. The Eagles scored almost immediately on a 60-yard catch and run by Reggie Brown. A 4-yard Donovan McNabb pass to tight end L.J. Smith evened up the game at 17. A Darwin Walker interception set up a 15-yard counter by Brown on the first play of the 4th quarter, giving the Eagles their first lead. It looked as though the Eagles would survive their sluggish start and the many drops by receivers. Unfortunately, the Eagles late-game struggles would return as the Saints scored on a blown coverage by struggling strong safety Michael Lewis, who was burned by Joe Horn. With 8:36 left, the Saints got the ball back and quarterback Drew Brees methodically drove the Saints down the field. without any remaining timeouts, the Eagles watched helplessly as New Orleans ran down the clock before John Carney kicked a game-winning 27-yard chip shot. The Eagles lost the game 27–24 and fell to 4–2, but remained in first place in the NFC East. McNabb finished with 247 yards and two touchdowns.
Week 7: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
"at Raymond James Stadium, Tampa, Florida"
For the second straight week, a last-second field goal did in the Eagles. They started off poorly again, being held scoreless in the first half. Donovan McNabb tossed three interceptions in the first three quarters, with two of them being returned for touchdowns by Tampa Bay cornerback Ronde Barber. Trailing 17–0, McNabb found fullback Thomas Tapeh in the end zone. A short touchdown pass to Reggie Brown brought the Eagles to within three. The Bucs added a field goal, making it 20–14. With :33 left in the game, Brian Westbrook took a short pass and rumbled to a 52-yard touchdown. The point after gave the Eagles the lead, and it seemed as though they had pulled out a dramatic victory. However, a last-ditch 62-yard field goal attempt by Matt Bryant somehow made it through the uprights, robbing Philadelphia of the win. Westbrook had over 100 yards in both rushing and receiving in the defeat. Because of this loss, and a win by the New York Giants one night later against the Dallas Cowboys, the Eagles slid into second place in the NFC East.
Week 8: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
Facing a battered Jacksonville Jaguar team missing starting quarterback Byron Leftwich, the Eagles turned in their worst performance of the season to this point. Philadelphia's high-powered offense was held scoreless in the first half (they failed to record a first down until the middle of the second quarter). Running backs Fred Taylor and Maurice Jones-Drew combined with quarterback David Garrard to rush for 216 yards and a touchdown. The Eagles managed two David Akers field goals in the second half, but their attempts at a rally fell short. The Eagles had considered the game a borderline must-win, but instead headed into their bye week at 4–4.
Week 10: vs. Washington Redskins.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
The Eagles got their season back on track with a 27–3 rout of the division-rival Washington Redskins. After a David Akers field goal on the opening possession, Donovan McNabb found Donté Stallworth for an 84-yard bomb. Philadelphia's explosive offense struck again when running back Correll Buckhalter recovered a dropped pass in the air from teammate Reggie Brown and raced for a touchdown. The sensational play gave the Eagles a 17–0 early lead, a rare luxury for them. Washington got a Nick Novak field goal before the half ended, but they could not reach the end zone on the Eagles defense. In the third quarter, Akers added a short field goal, making it 20–3. Later in the quarter, the Redskins were driving for a score, but quarterback Mark Brunell threw an interception to cornerback Sheldon Brown who returned it 70 yards to the house, putting Philadelphia up 27–3 and closing the door on Washington. Stallworth returned in a big way with 139 yards on six catches, and Brian Westbrook rushed for 122 yards on a season-high 22 carries.
Week 11: vs. Tennessee Titans.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
A matchup that pitted the Eagles' No. 1 offense against the league's worst defense turned into a disaster for the Eagles, as they lost to the heavy underdog Titans . The Tennessee Titans scored on the opening drive with a 14-yard reception by tight end Ben Troupe. An apparent Brian Westbrook touchdown reception was reversed by a coach's challenge and Donovan McNabb tossed an interception the next play. The Eagles got on the board at the end of the quarter with a 42-yard field goal by David Akers, making it 7–3. Early in the second quarter, McNabb was pushed out of bounds at the end of a scramble, and had to be carted off of the field with a knee injury. Backup quarterback Jeff Garcia came into the game and helped drive the Eagles to another field goal, closing the gap to 7–6. Vince Young led the Titans to a scoring drive of their own before the end of the half, making it 10–6. In the third quarter, the Eagles saw their season slip away from them. Travis Henry broke a 70-yard touchdown run, then Pacman Jones returned a Dirk Johnson punt 90 yards. The Titans led 24–6 and Garcia, who had 48 pass attempts in less than three quarters, could only register a short touchdown pass to L.J. Smith. A botched shotgun snap led to a humiliating, late defensive touchdown for Tennessee. Westbrook rushed for 102 yards in the 31–13 loss. McNabb's knee injury was revealed after the game to be a torn ACL, knocking him out for the season. At the time, it was thought that the loss of the game and McNabb would virtually crush Philadelphia's playoff hopes.
Week 12: at Indianapolis Colts.
"at the RCA Dome, Indianapolis, Indiana"
The McNabb-less Eagles travelled to Indiana to take on the 9–1 Eventual Super Bowl Champion Indianapolis Colts. Any chances of victory would be reliant upon a strong defensive showing, but the Colts stormed ahead behind three rushing touchdowns by rookie Joseph Addai in the first two quarters. Philadelphia's new starting quarterback, Jeff Garcia, found L.J. Smith for a 1-yard touchdown to make it 21–7 in the second quarter. Adam Vinatieri booted a 44-yard kick before the end of the half for Indianapolis. Peyton Manning tossed an 11-yard touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne making it 31–7 Colts in the third quarter. The Eagles showed signs of life with touchdowns by Reggie Brown and Brian Westbrook to climb within ten with about ten minutes to play. However, Addai scored his fourth touchdown of the game and a Garcia fumble led to a defensive touchdown for the Colts, making it 45–21 – a score representative of how overmatched the Eagles appeared all night. The Colts rushed for 237 yards on the Eagles' beleaguered defense. Westbrook had his third consecutive 100-yard game – the first Eagle to do that since Wilbert Montgomery 25 years ago. The loss dropped the Eagles to under .500 for the first time all year.
Week 13: vs. Carolina Panthers.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
Behind a gutsy performance by quarterback Jeff Garcia and their defense, the Eagles prevailed on Monday Night Football against the Carolina Panthers. The Panthers struck first with a Jake Delhomme touchdown pass to Steve Smith (Carolina Panthers). The Eagles responded with an eight-yard touchdown reception by Brian Westbrook in the second quarter. Carolina retook the lead when Keyshawn Johnson reeled in a short touchdown pass just before the half. Garcia and Delhomme continued to trade blows in the second half, as Garcia found Donté Stallworth for a thirty-yard game-tying reception. Minutes later, DeAngelo Williams took a screen pass 35 yards to the end zone, making it 21–14 Carolina. The teams traded field goals, putting the score at 24–17. On Philadelphia's next possession, Garcia found Westbrook for a 29-yard gain, then hit Reggie Brown for a forty-yard game-tying touchdown on the next play. A Brian Dawkins interception and return set up David Akers' 25-yard go-ahead field goal. With less than a minute left, Carolina drove into Eagles' territory, but Lito Sheppard made a clutch interception of Delhomme in the end zone, preserving the 27–24 win. Garcia passed for 312 yards and three touchdowns. The win put the Eagles at 6–6, and kept them in the NFC playoff hunt.
Week 14: at Washington Redskins.
"at FedExField, Landover, Maryland"
Beginning a three-game NFC East road trip, the Eagles hung on to sweep the Washington Redskins 21–19. Washington was able to run the ball all day and Ladell Betts, who finished with 171 rushing yards, led the Redskins to a 3–0 lead after their first drive with kicker Shaun Suisham getting the field goal. The Eagles responded with three straight touchdowns. An interception by rookie linebacker Omar Gaither set up a Jeff Garcia to L.J. Smith touchdown. With Washington in the Eagles' red zone, safety Michael Lewis reeled in a tipped pass and returned it for a touchdown. Finally, Donte' Stallworth recorded a touchdown reception after a drive which featured a 60-yard catch and run by Reggie Brown. Field goals by Suisham just before and just after halftime allowed the Redskins to linger. A 34-yard touchdown pass from Jason Campbell to Antwaan Randle El made it a 21–16 game as the fourth quarter began. The Eagles offense sputtered throughout the second half, and the Redskins drove it to the Eagles 3-yard line. However, a clutch sack by safety Brian Dawkins forced Washington to settle for a field goal. Then the Philadelphia offense made sure the Redskins didn't get the ball back by driving down the field and running out the clock. The resurgent Garcia had a pair of touchdown passes and the 7–6 Eagles remained very much alive in the playoff chase.
Week 15: at New York Giants.
"at Giants Stadium, East Rutherford, New Jersey"
The Eagles met the New York Giants in a critical Week 15 matchup and were able to emerge from the Meadowlands with a 36–22 victory. Taking advantage of field position placing them at the Eagles' 21 yard-line, New York's Tiki Barber scored an 11-yard rushing touchdown. After allowing their customary opening score, the Eagles tied the game with a 12-play drive capped by a Correll Buckhalter touchdown. The Eagles took a 14–7 lead in the second quarter when Brian Westbrook dove over the pile for a touchdown on fourth and goal from the Giants' 1-yard line. The Giants then quickly drove down the field to snag a 47-yard Jay Feely field goal right before the end of the first half. After a David Akers field goal miss in the third quarter, Eli Manning connected with Plaxico Burress for 52 yards, leading to another field goal. A Will Demps sack of Jeff Garcia created a turnover, leading to another New York field goal, giving them a 16–14 lead. Maligned Eagles' kick returner Reno Mahe's 64-yard kickoff return set up a 28-yard rushing touchdown by Westbrook, putting Philadelphia back on top 21–16. After having a questionable taunting penalty called against him, Garcia threw his first interception of the year, leading to a one-yard run by New York goal-line specialist Brandon Jacobs. The Eagles stuffed Tiki Barber on the two-point attempt, holding the Giants' lead to 22–21. Garcia led the Eagles down the field and passed to Reggie Brown for a 19-yard score with under 3 minutes left in regulation. Garcia then found tight end L.J. Smith for the two-point conversion, making it 29–22 Eagles. On the Giants' first play of their next possession, Eli Manning was hit as he threw by cornerback Sheldon Brown, allowing defensive end Trent Cole to gather the interception and return it for a game-clinching touchdown. Westbrook, who hit the 1,000 yard mark in the first quarter, rushed for 97 yards and two touchdowns, while safety Brian Dawkins led the defense with twelve tackles, two forced fumbles, and an interception. The hard-fought 36–22 win avenged the Eagles' Week 2 loss to the Giants, moved them up to 8–6 and, more importantly, putting them in a strong position to claim an NFC playoff berth.
Week 16: at Dallas Cowboys.
"at Texas Stadium, Dallas, Texas"
The amazing December turnaround of the Philadelphia Eagles continued with another road win over a division rival. Philadelphia's surprising 23–7 Christmas Day victory over the Dallas Cowboys was broadcast on national television and clinched a playoff spot. Jeff Garcia, who outshined fellow backup-turned starting quarterback Tony Romo, led the Eagles to scores on four of their first five possessions. Capping off their first drive, which took 7:12 off the clock, Garcia hit tight end Matt Schobel for a 25-yard touchdown. Cowboys' return man Miles Austin fumbled the ensuing kickoff to Quintin Mikell. However, Dallas cornerback Anthony Henry intercepted Garcia and the Cowboys drove to the Eagles' 1-yard line. From there, the Philadelphia defense stuffed Dallas goal-line back Marion Barber III on three straight plays. The ball turned over on downs and Garcia promptly found Donté Stallworth for a 39-yard gain. The drive finished with a David Akers field goal and the Eagles led 10–0. Romo and the Cowboys responded with a 14-yard touchdown pass to Terrell Owens, who only caught two passes for 23 yards on the game. With only :29 seconds left in the half, Garcia got the Eagles into field goal range, and David Akers connected on a 45-yarder to make it 13–7 as time expired. On the opening drive of the third quarter, Garcia beat a Dallas blitz and completed a 65-yard catch and run to L.J. Smith. Philadelphia finished the drive with another field goal and it was 16–7. Early in the fourth quarter, Brian Dawkins made an over the shoulder interception in front of Owens in the end zone. On a 6:57 drive that included ten running plays and broke the Cowboys' backs, Correll Buckhalter pounded it in from one yard out, increasing the lead to 23–7. Romo would throw another interception, this one to Lito Sheppard, and the Eagles' domination of the Dallas offense continued for the rest of the game. The Eagles ran the ball a whopping 42 times for 204 yards (with Brian Westbrook accounting for 122 of those yards), while Garcia and the passing game gained 238 yards. The defense recorded three sacks in addition to the two interceptions and held Dallas to a meager 201 total yards on their own turf. Philadelphia clinched a playoff berth, and now suddenly controlled the NFC East and could win the division with a win over the Atlanta Falcons or a Dallas loss. With another victory, the Eagles moved up to 9–6.
Week 17: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
When it was announced that the Detroit Lions had hung on to beat the Dallas Cowboys a few minutes into the Eagles' regular season finale with the Atlanta Falcons, the game instantly became meaningless as the NFC East crown became clinched, and were locked in as the NFC's #3 seed. After the defense forced an Atlanta three-and-out, Jeff Garcia marched the Eagles to a 41-yard David Akers field goal. From there, Andy Reid began pulling Philadelphia starters from the game, leaving the contest in the hands of the Eagles' backup players. Michael Vick, playing in his last game before going to jail on dogfighting charges (and afterward becoming a Philadelphia Eagle himself), completed a short touchdown pass to Warrick Dunn, giving Atlanta the lead. Eagles quarterback A. J. Feeley responded with a drive capped with a 14-yard scoring pass to Matt Schobel. The Falcons tied the game at 10–10 with a field goal, but Feeley fired a touchdown to rookie receiver Jason Avant at the end of the half. Juqua Thomas sacked Vick in the third quarter and knocked him out of the game, but Atlanta backup Matt Schaub retied the game with a touchdown pass to Alge Crumpler. Feeley answered on the Eagles' first play of their next possession with an 89-yard touchdown pass to Hank Baskett, who ran a perfect route and escaped the Atlanta secondary on his way to the long score. Schaub got the Falcons in Eagles' territory twice late in the game, but the Philadelphia reserve defense, playing for pride, held them out of the end zone, preserving the 24–17 win. Feeley came off the bench to pass for 322 yards and three touchdowns, while Baskett had a breakout game with 177 receiving yards and a score. The win allowed the Eagles to finish their improbable turnaround by winning out, giving them a 10–6 record on the season, in addition to their division crown.
Playoffs.
NFC Wild Card Round: vs. New York Giants.
"at Lincoln Financial Field, Philadelphia"
weather= (Rain)
The red-hot Eagles hosted the 8–8 New York Giants in the Wild Card Round of the playoffs. The teams played twice during the season, splitting two games that were mostly dominated by the Eagles.
The Giants attacked the outside with Tiki Barber on the opening drive, and Eli Manning laced a touchdown pass to Plaxico Burress to give New York a 7–0 lead. The Eagles offense could not get going the rest of the quarter, while the Philadelphia defense held the Giants from scoring again despite good field position for New York. With things looking bleak, Brian Westbrook read his blocks and took a handoff 49 yards for a touchdown. After cornerback Sheldon Brown intercepted Manning, the Eagles took the ball to the Giants' 1-yard line, but settled for a field goal to take a 10–7 lead.
A 41-yard Barber run set up a Jay Feely field goal to tie the game. Jeff Garcia responded by marching the Eagles on a ten-play drive that ended in a touchdown pass to Donte' Stallworth to take a 17–10 lead before halftime. In the third quarter, Westbrook, returning a punt, raced to the left side and scored a touchdown, but an illegal block call brought the play back. The Eagles instead put together another ten-play drive, this one ending in a season-long 48-yard field goal by David Akers.
Behind 20–10, an Eli Manning pass to Plaxico Burress drew a 47-yard pass interference penalty. New York got inside the Eagles' 5-yard line, but the defense held and the Giants settled for a field goal early in the fourth quarter. The Eagles continued to squander the lead, as the Giants put together an 80-yard, seven-minute drive on their next possession. The drive ended in an 11-yard touchdown to Burress, which tied the game at 20–20 with five minutes remaining. Westbrook and the Eagles then conducted a masterful "four-minute offense", getting into field goal range and burning the clock. As time expired, Akers booted a 38-yard game-winner. Westbrook had 141 rushing yards and a touchdown, while Barber had 137 yards for New York in his final game. Reggie Brown had seven catches for 73 yards, including several important catches for first downs. The negative for the Eagles was the loss of Pro Bowl cornerback Lito Sheppard to a dislocated elbow. It would be Andy Reid's last home playoff win as the Eagles head coach (and last home playoff win overall until 2018) and the team's final home playoff victory until 2017.
NFC Divisional Round: at New Orleans Saints.
"at Louisiana Superdome, New Orleans, Louisiana"
Riding a six-game winning streak, the Eagles traveled to the Louisiana Superdome to face the NFC South champion New Orleans Saints. New Orleans had bested a Philadelphia team still led by Donovan McNabb 27–24 in Week 6. The Saints were rested and had what appeared to be the sympathy of the nation, but the Eagles brought greater playoff experience.
Cornerback Sheldon Brown set the tone early with a devastating hit on Saints' rookie star Reggie Bush on the first series. After trading punts on their opening drives, the No. 1 and No. 2 offenses in the league began to make some noise. A 28-yard run by Bush helped New Orleans take a 3–0 lead. In the second quarter, the Saints reached the Eagles' 5-yard line and added another field goal. The Eagles offense then awoke when Jeff Garcia heaved a 75-yard bomb to Donté Stallworth, the longest Philadelphia playoff touchdown play ever, giving the Eagles the lead. However, a 14-play Saints' drive ended in Bush racing around the right end for a 4-yard touchdown, and a 13–7 New Orleans lead. Garcia responded with big completions to Reggie Brown and Hank Baskett that got the Eagles in position for Brian Westbrook to dive over the pile from a yard out. A "Hail Mary pass" by Saints quarterback Drew Brees narrowly missed and the teams went to the locker room with Philadelphia leading 14–13.
On the Eagles' third play of their opening drive of the third quarter, Westbrook broke through and outran the New Orleans secondary, scoring a 62-yard touchdown, the longest playoff rushing touchdown in team history. The score was now 21–13 Philadelphia and visions of a fifth trip in six years to the NFC Championship Game became more real, but this was to be the Eagles' high-water mark. New Orleans running back Deuce McAllister scored short touchdowns (one rushing, one receiving) on the Saints' next two possessions, putting New Orleans back on top 27–21. The Eagles drove to the Saints 4-yard line on their next series, but could not get into the end zone, settling instead for a short David Akers field goal that left them behind 27–24 early in the fourth quarter. After punts by both teams, New Orleans got the ball back and began a drive that looked like it would run out the clock. However, Reggie Bush fumbled a pitch from Brees to end the five-minute drive, giving Philadelphia another shot with 3:18 remaining in the game. After the two-minute warning, Andy Reid decided to go for it on 4th and 10 with the Eagles on their own 44-yard line. The result was a completion to Baskett that would have been good for a first down, but right guard Scott Young (replacing the injured All-Pro Shawn Andrews), was flagged for a false start penalty. Despite only 1:56 remaining in the game, Reid elected to punt the ball back to New Orleans on the resulting 4th and 15. The Saints ran the ball for a first down and killed the clock, ending the Eagles' playoff run.
Westbrook ran for 116 yards and two scores, while McAllister had 163 all-purpose yards and two scores of his own for the Saints. Garcia threw for 240 yards, Stallworth had 100 yards receiving and a touchdown against his old team, and Reggie Brown added 76 receiving yards. The defense sacked Brees three times, but it was not enough to slow down the New Orleans offense.

</doc>
<doc id="6929590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929590" title="Demand side management">
Demand side management



</doc>
<doc id="6929593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929593" title="Tasselled wobbegong">
Tasselled wobbegong

The tasselled wobbegong (Eucrossorhinus dasypogon) is a species of carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae and the only extant member of the genus Eucrossorhinus. It inhabits shallow coral reefs off northern Australia, New Guinea, and adjacent islands. Reaching in length, this species has a broad and flattened body and head. Its most distinctive trait is a fringe of branching dermal flaps around its head, which extends onto its chin. The fringe, along with its complex color pattern of small blotches and reticulations, enable it to camouflage itself against the reef environment.
During the day, the solitary tasselled wobbegong can generally be found lying inside caves or under ledges with its tail curled. Individual sharks tend to remain within a local area and have favored resting spots. While resting, it opportunistically ambushes nearby fish and invertebrates, and also lures in prey by waving its tail to mimic the appearance of a small fish. At night, it emerges and actively forages for food. This species is aplacental viviparous, though little is known of its life history. The tasselled wobbegong has been reported to bite and kill humans unprovoked, although such has only been reported once in 1940. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) listed this species as Near Threatened in 2003, as outside of Australia it is threatened by fisheries and habitat degradation. As of 2015, its IUCN status is Least Concern.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
Dutch ichthyologist Pieter Bleeker originally described the tasselled wobbegong in an 1867 volume of "Archives Néerlandaises des Sciences Exactes et Naturelles". His account was based on two Indonesian specimens, one caught off Waigeo and the other off Aru. He gave it the name "dasypogon", from the Greek "dasys" ("hairy") and "pogon" ("beard"), and assigned it to the genus "Crossorhinus" (a synonym of "Orectolobus"). In 1908, Charles Tate Regan created the new genus "Eucrossorhinus" for this species, derived from the Greek "eu" ("well"), "krossoi" ("tassel") and "rhinos" ("nose"). Regan subsequently reconsidered the main trait he used to separate "Eucrossorhinus" (the spacing of the fourth and fifth gill slits) and synonymized it with "Orectolobus". Later authors have placed the tasselled wobbegong either in its own genus or in "Orectolobus". Other common names for this species are bearded wobbegong and Ogilby's wobbegong.
Morphological studies have been inconclusive about the evolutionary relationships of the tasselled wobbegong, but overall have gauged it to be among the more derived wobbegong (Orectolobidae) species. A 2009 phylogenetic analysis based on mitochondrial and nuclear DNA found otherwise, that this species was in fact basal to all other wobbegongs except the northern wobbegong ("O. wardi"). This result supports the synonymization of "Eucrossorhinus" with "Orectolobus". Molecular clock estimation placed the speciation of the tasselled wobbegong at 11–6 Ma, coinciding with a period of significant geological rearrangement and the formation of coral reef habitats in the region.
Description.
The tasselled wobbegong is a very broad, moderately flattened shark. The head is wider than long, with a distinctive fringe of branching dermal lobes running almost continuously from the snout tip to the origins of the pectoral fins, including a "beard" on the chin. The nostrils bear long, branching barbels, and have grooves surrounding them and connecting them to the mouth. There are tubercles above the eyes but not elsewhere, and behind the eyes are larger spiracles. The large mouth is positioned ahead of the eyes, almost at the end of the head. There are furrows on the lower jaw extending from the mouth corners and along the jaw median. There are 23–26 upper and 19 lower tooth rows; each tooth has a single slender, pointed cusp. The three upper and two lower rows of symphysial (central) teeth are especially long and fang-like. The five pairs of gill slits are short.
The pectoral and pelvic fins are large and rounded. The dorsal fins are short-based and fairly tall; the first is slightly larger than the second and originates over the latter quarter of the pelvic fin bases. Behind the pelvic fins, the body rapidly tapers to the short caudal peduncle. The anal fin originates behind the midpoint of the second dorsal fin and is no more than half its size. The caudal fin is short, with no lower lobe and an upper lobe bearing a strong ventral notch near the tip. This species has a mosaic-like dorsal color pattern consisting of numerous small, dark blotches and lines on a gray- or yellow-brown background; there may also be darker bands. The pattern extends to the underside of the tail and the ventral pectoral and pelvic fin margins. The ventral surface is otherwise white. The tasselled wobbegong is reliably known to reach a length of . Most authors consider an older record of a long individual to be erroneous.
Distribution and habitat.
The range of the tasselled wobbegong encompasses the continental shelf of northern Australia from Ningaloo Reef in the west to Bundaberg in the east, as well as New Guinea, Waigeo, and the Aru Islands. Additional records from Malaysia are unconfirmed. This common bottom-dweller inhabits coral reefs, perhaps exclusively, in both inshore and offshore waters from the intertidal zone to around deep. It is most often encountered in reef channels and faces, or atop coral heads.
Biology and ecology.
Considered the most specialized member of its family, the tasselled wobbegong's ornate coloration and complex dermal fringe grants it excellent camouflage, while it is probably a slower swimmer than related species. It is solitary and spends most of the day lying motionless inside caves or under ledges with its tail curled up. Individual sharks have a small home range, containing several preferred resting spots that are used repeatedly. This species becomes more active at night, swimming onto the reef to hunt.
The tasselled wobbegong feeds on bony and cartilaginous fishes, crustaceans, and cephalopods. Its capacious mouth allows sizeable prey to be swallowed, with one documented case of a long individual consuming a long brownbanded bamboo shark ("Chiloscyllium punctatum"). During daytime, this species is an opportunistic ambush predator. It preys upon schooling nocturnal fishes such as squirrelfishes, soldierfishes, and sweepers that often shelter in the same cave. Tiny fishes and crustaceans have been seen settling atop the resting wobbegong's head, attracting larger fishes that are in turn attacked by the wobbegong. Observations in captivity have further revealed that this species seems to engage in active luring behavior. When it perceives food nearby, it begins to slowly wave its tail back and forth; its caudal fin resembles a small fish, complete with a dark eyespot at the base. The shark typically rests with its head elevated, which places it within striking distance of any prey drawn by its tail.
The tapeworm "Parachristianella monomegacantha" is a known parasite of the tasselled wobbegong. This species has been observed being attended by cleaner shrimp ("Leander urocaridella", "Stenopus hispidus") and bluestreak cleaner wrasse ("Labroides dimidiatus"). Reproduction is presumably aplacental viviparous like other wobbegongs, with the developing embryos sustained by yolk. There is a report of mating being observed inside a cave at night. Newborns measure approximately long. Size at sexual maturity is uncertain; one recorded male was found to be adult at long.
Human interactions.
With several records of apparently unprovoked attacks on people, the tasselled wobbegong has a reputation beyond other wobbegongs for aggressive behavior. Gilbert Whitley even wrote in 1940 that it "attacks and generally kills the natives" of Papua New Guinea. Though Whitley's claim is questionable, this species is certainly capable of inflicting severe wounds. Conversely, the tasselled wobbegong is also an ecotourism attraction and many divers have approached it without incident. Given this shark's cryptic appearance and poor vision, humans should exercise caution to avoid accidentally harassing it or causing it to mistake a hand or foot for prey. This species adapts well to captivity and is occasionally found in the home aquarium trade.
The tasselled wobbegong has little economic value, though its attractive skin is occasionally used for leather. In Australian waters, it is not fished and faces minimal threats. However, elsewhere in its range it may be negatively affected by extensive fishery activity and habitat degradation from pollution, blast fishing, and coral removal. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed this species as Least Concern.

</doc>
<doc id="6929598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929598" title="Orectolobus dasypogon">
Orectolobus dasypogon



</doc>
<doc id="6929608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929608" title="Twelve-tone equal temperament">
Twelve-tone equal temperament



</doc>
<doc id="6929613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929613" title="Pamanzi">
Pamanzi

Pamanzi, also known as Petite-Terre (; literally "Little Land" in French), is an island of Mayotte, an overseas department and region of France, and is Mayotte's second-largest island after Grande-Terre. The northern end of the island features the crater lake Dziani Dzaha, filled with sulfurous water. The communes of Dzaoudzi and Pamandzi are located on Pamanzi.
Occupied by the Allies at the direction of Jan Smuts during the Second World War for its strategic value, Pamanzi was once the most important island with Mayotte's only airport and the capital Dzaoudzi. In 1977, however, Mamoudzou was chosen as the new capital. 

</doc>
<doc id="6929617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929617" title="Greg Haugen">
Greg Haugen

Gregory Lee Haugen (August 31, 1960 – February 23, 2025) was an American professional boxer from 1982 to 1999. He was a world champion in two weight classes, having held the International Boxing Federation (IBF) lightweight title twice between 1986 and 1989 and the World Boxing Organization (WBO) light welterweight title in 1991.
Professional career.
Haugen turned professional in 1982 and won his first 17 fights before challenging for a world title. On December 5, 1986, Haugen captured the IBF lightweight title with a majority decision over reigning champion Jimmy Paul.
He lost his title in his first defense to Vinny Pazienza by decision. However, he won the title back in a rematch with Pazienza in 1988. He defended the title against Miguel Santana and future WBO welterweight champion Gert Bo Jacobsen.
He lost the IBF lightweight title to Pernell Whitaker in 1989 by decision, it was his biggest paycheck at that time at $426,000.
On February 23, 1991, he captured the WBO light welterweight title with an upset victory over then undefeated Hector Camacho by split decision, an outcome that resulted from Camacho being deducted a point for illegally hitting Haugen when Haugen refused to touch gloves at the beginning of the last round. After his fight with Camacho; Haugen tested positive for marijuana and was fined $25,000. Later that year Haugen lost a rematch with Camacho, again by split decision.
In 1992, he captured the vacant NABF light welterweight title with a knockout win over Ray "Boom Boom" Mancini.
On February 20, 1993, he challenged Mexican legend Julio César Chávez for the WBC light welterweight title at Azteca Stadium in Mexico City, a fight attended by 132,247 spectators. Haugen's legacy is likely best defined by the Chavez fight, but not for his performance in the ring. Leading up to the bout, Haugen made the comment that many of Chavez's wins "came against Tijuana taxi drivers that my mom could whip." This generated a huge uproar in the Mexican community and ignited publicity for the bout. Within seconds of the opening round, Chavez dropped Haugen with a straight right hand, but rather than dispatching him quickly, pulled back with the intent of punishing him for his pre-fight remarks. After several more rounds of punishment, Chavez dropped him again in the 5th round, and after delivering another barrage of punches, the referee intervened and waved it off. It marked the first stoppage loss of Haugen's career. Afterwards, Haugen remarked: "They must have been very tough taxi drivers." Haugen never again challenged for a major belt. When asked in an interview who was the greatest fighter he ever fought, Haugen replied, "Hands down, Pernell Whitaker." He made excuses for his loss to Chavez which he was still struggling to come to terms with, describing it as his "biggest regret."
He retired in 1999 with a record of 40–10–1 (2 NC).
Death.
Haugen died from cancer in Auburn, Washington, on February 23, 2025, at the age of 64.

</doc>
<doc id="6929620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929620" title="Bomarsund castle">
Bomarsund castle



</doc>
<doc id="6929639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929639" title="Inside the Head of... Mr. Atom">
Inside the Head of... Mr. Atom

Inside the Head of... Mr. Atom is a Man or Astro-man? 7-inch EP released on Estrus Records in 1995. It was recorded by Steve Albini. The cover art and design is by Art Chantry. The back cover states "This single is dedicated to the vital memory of the band Bolt Thrower." It was released on clear green vinyl, opaque purple vinyl, opaque gray vinyl and black vinyl. Early pressings of the 7-inch have red and yellow center labels. The center labels on later pressings are black and silver, and these were available on black vinyl and gray vinyl (a few are known to have white streaks marbled throughout the black vinyl).
Line Up.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6929642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929642" title="MuniMetro">
MuniMetro



</doc>
<doc id="6929647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929647" title="Inside the Head of Mr. Atom">
Inside the Head of Mr. Atom



</doc>
<doc id="6929651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929651" title="GPS Dropsonde">
GPS Dropsonde



</doc>
<doc id="6929654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929654" title="2006 Houston Texans season">
2006 Houston Texans season

The 2006 Houston Texans season was the franchise's 5th season in the National Football League (NFL) and the 1st under head coach Gary Kubiak. The team improved on their 2–14 record in 2005 and finished 6–10, a four-game improvement over their previous season.
Offseason.
On January 2, 2006, the day after the last game of the 2005 season, head coach Dom Capers and most of the coaching staff was fired by owner Bob McNair. General Manager Charley Casserly was spared, but would eventually resign in May. On January 22, 2006, Bob McNair announced that Denver Broncos offensive coordinator Gary Kubiak would become the Texans' second head coach. Kubiak, a Houston native, was a candidate for the job in 2001 before the team chose Dom Capers. On June 5, 2006, the Texans hired Denver Broncos assistant general manager Rick Smith as Casserly's successor.
Player additions and subtractions.
Additions:
Subtractions:
Draft.
With their 2–14 record in 2005, the Texans earned the right to the first selection in the 2006 NFL draft. Leading up to the draft most believed the team would select RB Reggie Bush out of University of Southern California, who was being compared to Gale Sayers and touted as the greatest prospect to ever enter the draft. Many local fans in Houston wanted the team to draft hometown hero Vince Young who had led the University of Texas to a Nation Championship in January. However, the Texans would choose neither and announced the day before the draft that they would pick defensive end Mario Williams out of NC State instead. Williams was signed to a six-year, $54 million contract.
The pick both shocked and angered fans and the team was ripped by the national media for making what many believed was one of the worst mistakes in NFL Draft history. With the first selection in the second round they selected Alabama linebacker DeMeco Ryans. Ryans would prove to be a steal as he would eventually be named the Defensive Rookie of the Year for 2006. The rest of their picks included Pittsburgh offensive tackle Charles Spencer, Miami (FL) offensive tackle Eric Winston, Wisconsin tight end Owen Daniels, Virginia running back Wali Lundy, and Colorado St. wide receiver David Anderson.
Despite the fact that many believed drafting Mario Williams was a mistake, the Texans would go on to have the best draft classes of any team in 2006 according to most experts. Young and Bush did not live up to pre-draft expectations, while Williams would be selected to multiple Pro Bowls.
Uniform combinations.
In 2006, the Texans wore five different uniform combinations. They wore their blue jerseys and blue pants for the first time during a week 16 win over the Indianapolis Colts, along with wearing their white jerseys and white pants together for the first time in franchise history in the season opener against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Regular season.
Schedule.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries.
Week 1: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
The Texans opened the 2006 season at home against the Philadelphia Eagles on September 10. The Texans looked sharp early with QB David Carr throwing a 25-yard TD pass to former Bills WR Eric Moulds in the 1st Quarter. The Eagles would tie the game with QB Donovan McNabb throwing a 42-yard TD strike to WR Donte' Stallworth. The Texans would retake the lead, however, after a 34-yard FG from K Kris Brown. Philadelphia took the lead late in the half with McNabb throwing a 5-yard TD pass to WR Reggie Brown and held on to it for the rest of the game. In the third quarter, McNabb hooked up with RB Brian Westbrook with a 31-yard pass and then, opposing kicker David Akers ended the game in the fourth quarter with a 42-yard field goal. David Carr finished 18-of-27 for 208 yards and a touchdown and was sacked five times.
Week 2: at Indianapolis Colts.
The Texans traveled to the RCA Dome for an AFC South battle with the Indianapolis Colts. From the get-go, Houston trailed as opposing QB Peyton Manning threw a 10-yard TD pass to WR Brandon Stokley and a 21-yard pass to RB Joseph Addai in the first quarter. In the second quarter, opposing Kicker Adam Vinatieri kicked a 39-yard field goal to further distance themselves from Houston. The Texans would get a 43-yard field goal by Kicker Kris Brown, but Vinatieri also made a 43-yarder as time ran out in the half. In the third quarter, the Colts continued to put the game out of reach with Peyton throwing a 15-yard TD pass to TE Bryan Fletcher and Vinatieri kicking a 38-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Texans QB David Carr completed a 33-yard TD pass to TE Owen Daniels, but Indianapolis responded with RB Dominic Rhodes getting a 2-yard TD run. Houston would get another TD on a 1-yard pass to TE Mark Bruener, but the Colts put the game away with RB Ran Carthon getting a 3-yard TD run. After WR Andre Johnson provided Houston with a 10-yard TD pass, the Texans ending up losing their ninth straight contest against Indianapolis.
Week 3: vs. Washington Redskins.
The Texans came home in Week 3 to take on the Washington Redskins. In the first quarter, Houston got off to a good start, as TE Mark Bruener caught a 2-yard TD pass. However, the Redskins would tie the game up on a 9-yard run by RB Ladell Betts. From there, things went downhill in the second quarter, as WR Antwaan Randle El caught a 23-yard TD pass and RB Clinton Portis ran 30 yards for a touchdown. In the third quarter, Washington continued to pound Houston, with Portis getting a 1-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, the Redskins would get one more scoring strike as kicker John Hall kicked a 46-yard field goal. The Texans would get another touchdown, as QB David Carr threw a 2-yard pass to TE Owen Daniels and RB Ron Dayne would run it in for the 2-point conversion. Unfortunately, Houston would fall to 0–3, losing 31–15.
Week 4: vs. Miami Dolphins.
Staying at home, the Texans (still searching for their first win of the year) played a Week 4 intraconference match-up against the Miami Dolphins. After a scoreless first quarter, Houston trailed early, as Miami kicker Olindo Mare got a 52-yard field goal. Fortunately, the Texans would get a field goal of their own, with kicker Kris Brown getting a 32-yard field goal before halftime. In the third quarter, Houston fell behind, as Mare kicked a 29-yard field goal for Miami. In the fourth quarter, the Texans rallied against the Dolphins, as QB David Carr took the ball into the endzone from one yard out, then completed a 3-yard TD pass to WR Andre Johnson later in the quarter. Mario Williams recorded his first career sack and added a half sack one play later. Afterwards, Houston would have to hold off a late rally by Miami. Mare kicked a 22-yard field goal, and later got a touchdown, as QB Daunte Culpepper threw a 16-yard strike to WR Chris Chambers. Fortunately, the Texans prevented a two-point conversion when Mario Williams tipped the pass and held on to pick up their first win of the year.
Week 6: at Dallas Cowboys.
Coming off their Week 5 bye, the Texans traveled to Texas Stadium for a rematch with their first-ever regular season opponent, the Dallas Cowboys, in a Lone Star State showdown. Houston struck first, as Kris Brown nailed a 19-yard field goal for the only first quarter score for either team. In the second quarter, Dallas managed to tie the game, as kicker Mike Vanderjagt hit a 22-yard field goal, but the Texans would retake the lead, as Brown booted a 48-yard field goal just as time ran out in the first half. Unfortunately, Dallas took control of the game in the second half. In the third quarter, QB Drew Bledsoe connected with WR Terrell Owens for two scores (3-yarder and a 21-yarder). In the fourth quarter, RB Marion Barber had a 1-yard TD run, Vanderjagt kicked a 21-yard field goal, and back-up QB Tony Romo hooked up with Owens on a 2-yard TD pass, Owens' third and final TD on the day. Dallas cruised in the second half, outscoring the Texans 31–0, and with the 34–6 loss, the Texans fell to 1–4.
Week 7: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars.
Following a disappointing 34–6 road loss to their cross-state rival, the Dallas Cowboys, the Texans were looking to rebound at home against division rival Jacksonville, and they did. Houston did not trail at any point in their 27–7 trouncing of the Jaguars, in which they forced two turnovers, and dominated in total offense, tallying 349 yards from scrimmage to Jacksonville's 220. With the impressive upset, the Texans moved to 2–4, just one game behind the Jags for second place in the AFC South.
Week 8: at Tennessee Titans.
Hoping to build on their surprising victory over the Jaguars, the Texans flew to LP Field for an AFC South showdown with the Tennessee Titans. After a scoreless first quarter, the Texans trailed early, as Tennessee QB Vince Young ran 20 yards for a touchdown. Houston would respond with kicker Kris Brown nailing a 27-yard field goal. However, things started getting ugly as Titans DE Tony Brown returned a fumble 40 yards for a TD. In the third quarter, QB David Carr lasted for only one drive, which resulted in a fumble recovery for Tennessee. He would be replaced with back-up QB Sage Rosenfels. However, a Rosefels interception resulted in Young completing a 20-yard TD pass to WR Bobby Wade. The Texans would respond with Rosenfels completing a 10-yard TD pass to WR Andre Johnson. In the fourth quarter however, CB Pacman Jones returned a punt 53 yards for a touchdown. Houston would try to retaliate, as Rosenfels completed two touchdown passes (a 1-yarder and a 2-yarder to rookie TE Owen Daniels), but in the end, any hope for a comeback resulted in a fumble, dropping the Texans to 2–5.
Week 9: at New York Giants.
The Texans took a lead into the fourth quarter after David Carr scored a go-ahead touchdown on a 2-yard scramble with 1:14 left in the third quarter, capping an 18-play, 80-yard drive. He finished 21-for-30 for 176 yards and no interceptions. Andre Johnson, the NFL's leading receiver, had nine catches for 83 yards. Houston led 10–7 before Jeremy Shockey caught a short touchdown pass from Eli Manning midway through the fourth quarter. Still, the Texans had a chance at the upset and were driving when rookie linebacker Gerris Wilkinson forced fullback Jameel Cook to fumble at the Giants 35 after a short catch. Cornerback Corey Webster recovered with 5:11 to play, and the Giants ran out the clock for the win. Houston RB Wali Lundy was held to 43 yards on 20 carries for a 2.2 yard per carry average. Meanwhile, New York RB Tiki Barber averaged 6.8 yards per carry, gaining 115 yards on 17 carries. Mario Williams sacked Manning in the second quarter, increasing his season total to 4½, a Texans rookie record. The loss made the team drop to 2–6 for the season and 0–4 against NFC opponents for the first time in franchise history.
Week 10: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
David Carr threw for 167 yards and ran for 48 more, and the Texans defeated the Jaguars 13–10 to snap a 12-game road losing streak. The Texans upset their AFC South rivals for the second time in four weeks and won on the road for the first time since December 2004. David Garrard, making his third consecutive start in place of Byron Leftwich, was intercepted four times. Two came after Matt Jones bobbled perfect passes. Ernest Wilford also dropped two balls, including a deep one that could have been a touchdown. Carr directed a 70-yard drive to start the game and had two key runs. Wali Lundy scored from 1 yard, then Houston took advantage of Garrard's first turnover to make it 10–0. DeMeco Ryans pressured Garrard and forced a floater over the middle. Morlon Greenwood picked it off, setting up Kris Brown's 25-yard field goal.
Week 11: vs. Buffalo Bills.
The Bills' WR Lee Evans and QB J. P. Losman were unstoppable in the first quarter, connecting for 205 yards and two 83-yard touchdowns. Evans' first-quarter performance was a Buffalo record for a period and just shy of the NFL record for yards receiving in a quarter of 210 by Baltimore's Qadry Ismail in 1999. The first touchdown came after Nate Clements' interception on the third play of the game. Both were after Evans got in front of Texans cornerback Demarcus Faggins for the easy score. The 83-yard TDs were career highs for both Losman and Evans and marked the first time in franchise history the Bills have had two 80-yard passes in a single game. David Carr opened 1 for 3 with an interception on his first pass before completing his next 22 throws. Carr finished 25 of 30 for 223 yards and no touchdowns. Carr tied the record held by Mark Brunell, who had 22 consecutive completions in Washington's 31–15 win over the Texans at Reliant Stadium on September 24. He tied Brunell's record on a short pass to Wali Lundy for no gain with 6:19 left. The streak was broken when his pass to Andre Johnson with 5:44 remaining fell short. Lundy cut the lead to 14–7 with a 17-yard run in the first quarter. That score was set up by a 17-yard reception by Eric Moulds on third-and-8. Samkon Gado made it 17–14 on a 1-yard run in the second quarter. Moulds also had a key third-down reception on that drive. Dunta Robinson gave the Texans the lead on a 9-yard interception return midway through the third quarter. Losman was throwing out of the end zone when Robinson intercepted the pass intended for Evans to score his first career touchdown and the Texans' first defensive touchdown since 2004. But after the offense failed to put the game away in the fourth quarter the Texans gave the Bills just enough time to beat them. Losman hit a diving Peerless Price in the back of the end zone for the 15-yard touchdown with 13 seconds left, giving Buffalo the 24–21 win.
Week 12: at New York Jets.
The Jets held the Texans to just 25 yards rushing and cruised to an easy 15-point victory. Chad Pennington connected with Laveranues Coles for a touchdown and Cedric Houston ran for another in the third quarter to go up 23–0. Andre Johnson caught a 3-yard touchdown pass from David Carr with 3:51 left to cap a 76-yard drive for the Texans, and Wali Lundy's short reception completed the two-point conversion as the Texans finally put points on the board. It was a case of too little, too late however as the Texans once again failed to win two consecutive road games. They have not won back-to-back road games since 2004, when they beat Chicago (Dec. 19) and Jacksonville (Dec. 26). Carr was 39 of 54 for 321 yards, and Johnson and Eric Moulds each had 10 catches, but the lack of any running game doomed the Texans.
Week 13: at Oakland Raiders.
The Texans became the first team since the Houston Oilers 25 years ago to win a game with negative yards passing, using Demarcus Faggins' 58-yard fumble return for a touchdown, two long returns on special teams and a pair of fumbles by Randal Williams to beat the Oakland Raiders 23–14. David Carr finished 7-of-14 for 32 yards, failing to complete a pass in the final 32 minutes. He was sacked five times for 37 yards, leaving Houston with negative-5 yards passing. The Texans were the first team since the Houston Oilers on Oct. 4, 1981, against Cincinnati to finish with negative yards passing and win. Late in the half, Carr had a run of three straight offensive plays when he was sacked and fumbled the ball. Carr lost the first two fumbles, including one returned 35 yards for a score by Kirk Morrison after Warren Sapp's in the final minute of the half to make it 14–7. Jerome Mathis, who missed the first 11 games recovering from a fractured foot, provided a spark with an 87-yard return of the second-half kickoff. Wali Lundy ran in from the 3 on the next play to tie the game at 14. Mathis was later used as a decoy when Dexter Wynn faked a reverse on a punt return and went 58 yards before being tackled by punter Shane Lechler at the 21. The Texans settled for a 42-yard field goal by Kris Brown to make it 17–14. A pair of fumbles by Williams led to two more field goals by Brown, putting the game out of reach. Rookie DeMeco Ryans led the defense for Houston with 14 solo tackles, a sack, a forced fumble, a fumble recovery and an interception.
Week 14: vs. Tennessee Titans.
Titans rookie and Houston native Vince Young dealt the Texans their most bitter defeat of the season when he converted a third-and-14 into a 39-yard touchdown run in overtime, completing his triumphant homecoming. The former University of Texas star, who grew up just six miles from the stadium, ran into the end zone virtually untouched and then jumped into the stands to the open arms of a throng of burnt orange-clad fans. Houston's offense didn't do much until Ron Dayne entered in the second quarter. He handled the ball on eight of Houston's nine plays and scored his first touchdown as a Texan on a 1-yard run to give Houston a 7–6 lead. Dayne helped the Texans extend their lead on a 2-yard touchdown on the first drive after halftime. He finished with 21 carries for 87 yards. The Titans trailed 14–13 before Young engineered a 15-play, 88-yard drive ending with a 2-yard run by Travis Henry to give Tennessee (6–7) its first lead of the second half, 20–17. Young and Drew Bennett earlier connected on a 39-yard pass that got the Titans to the Houston 21. Henry cut to the outside and ran for the 9-yard touchdown three plays later to cut Houston's lead to 14–13. David Carr and the Texans had a chance to regain the lead late in regulation, but stalled and settled for a 46-yard field goal by Kris Brown that tied it at 20 with 2:09 remaining. The Texans got the ball back in the final moments of the fourth quarter, but chose to run out the clock. Carr was 17 of 23 for 140 yards, but was unable to come through when the Texans needed a touchdown.
Week 15: at New England Patriots.
With the game scoreless early in the first quarter, the Texans faked a punt on fourth and one from their own 42...and failed. The Patriots' Kevin Faulk converted the Texans' mistake into an 11-yard TD run. Faulk also scored on a 43-yard screen pass, and Tom Brady threw another touchdown pass, covering 6 yards to former Texan Jabar Gaffney. The Patriots' defense had four sacks and three interceptions and held the Texans to 76 yards in the first two quarters. The Texans trailed 27–0 at halftime. Ron Dayne scored on a 1-yard run on the Texans' first series of the third quarter, but Ellis Hobbs returned the ensuing kickoff 93 yards for a touchdown to put the game out of reach. David Carr turned in another poor performance completing 16-of-28 for 127 yards and four interceptions.
Week 16: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
Clad in all-blue uniforms for the first time in franchise history, Ron Dayne rushed for a career-high 153 yards and two touchdowns and Kris Brown kicked the winning 48-yard field goal as time expired to shock the Colts 27–24. The Texans used Dayne and rookie Chris Taylor to eat up the clock and exploit the Colts' suspect run defense, ranked last in the NFL, while taking pressure off David Carr and the struggling passing game. The win broke a nine-game losing streak to the Colts (11–4). It would be the Colts' last defeat before winning Super Bowl XLI. Mario Williams forced a Dominic Rhodes fumble on the Colts' second play. Anthony Weaver recovered the ball on the Indianapolis 47 and Houston would convert it into a touchdown, taking an early 14–0 lead. Houston led through most of the game until Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison connected for their second touchdown, a 7-yard pass that tied it 24–24 with 2:41 remaining. Carr and the Texans then engineered a six-play, 31-yard drive that ended with Brown's winning kick. Carr was 16-of-23 for 163 yards and a touchdown and was not sacked.
Week 17: vs. Cleveland Browns.
Chris Taylor ran for 99 yards with a touchdown as the Houston Texans defeated the Cleveland Browns, 14–6, at Reliant Stadium. Taylor carried the ball 20 times in the contest and Anthony Maddox returned a fumble 47 yards for a score, as the Texans won three of their last five games of the season to finish 6–10. David Carr managed the game well and finished 9-of-15 passing for 86 yards with an interception in the victory. Kicker Phil Dawson accounted for the only Cleveland points with two field goals. Charlie Frye, starting his first game since injuring a wrist in the Browns' win versus the Kansas City Chiefs on December 3, was 25-of-34 passing for 187 yards with an interception. Kellen Winslow had 11 catches for 93 yards for Cleveland (4–12), which lost its last four games. Winslow tied Hall-of-Famer Ozzie Newsome for most catches by a Browns player, with 87 in the loss. Reuben Droughns added 83 yards rushing on 19 carries in defeat.
Statistics.
Individual.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="6929656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929656" title="The cabinet of dr calligari">
The cabinet of dr calligari



</doc>
<doc id="6929658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929658" title="The Cabinet of Dr Calligari">
The Cabinet of Dr Calligari



</doc>
<doc id="6929660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929660" title="Public holidays in Burundi">
Public holidays in Burundi



</doc>
<doc id="6929661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929661" title="The Cabinet of Dr. Calligari">
The Cabinet of Dr. Calligari



</doc>
<doc id="6929665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929665" title="Lobos Partido">
Lobos Partido

Lobos Partido is a partido of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 33,000 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Lobos, from Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="6929669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929669" title="Van Biesbroeck 8">
Van Biesbroeck 8



</doc>
<doc id="6929679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929679" title="Petar Hubtchev">
Petar Hubtchev



</doc>
<doc id="6929686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929686" title="Japanese wobbegong">
Japanese wobbegong

The Japanese wobbegong ("Orectolobus japonicus") is a carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae of the wobbegong family, found in the tropical western Pacific Ocean from Japan and Korea to Vietnam and the Philippines, between latitudes 43 and 6°N. It reaches a length of 1 m.
Japanese wobbegong sharks typically remain motionless during the daytime and are not active hunters. They use camouflage and their electroreceptor pores on their dorsal area to help them sense prey nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="6929687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929687" title="AER Gilligan">
AER Gilligan



</doc>
<doc id="6929689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929689" title="A. E. R. Gilligan">
A. E. R. Gilligan



</doc>
<doc id="6929692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929692" title="Holidays in Burundi">
Holidays in Burundi



</doc>
<doc id="6929695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929695" title="Orectolobus japonicus">
Orectolobus japonicus



</doc>
<doc id="6929701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929701" title="HTC Tornado">
HTC Tornado

The HTC Tornado is a smartphone model designed by High Tech Computer Corporation and powered by the Windows Mobile 5 operating system. It has QVGA display resolution.
The Tornado is rebranded as at least 9 different models: the Dopod 586W, Qtek 8300, T-Mobile USA SDA (AKA SDA II), Cingular 2125, i-mate SP5 and Orange SPV C600. These individual companies customize the operating system and sell it as a consumer package.
References.
Latest Mobile Phone in Hindi

</doc>
<doc id="6929705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929705" title="Donnaleigh Bailey">
Donnaleigh Bailey

Donnaleigh Bailey (born 17 January 1983) is an English actress, known for portraying the role of Michelle Corrigan in the BBC soap opera "Doctors". For her role as Michelle, she received two nominations for the British Soap Award for Best Actress. Since 2017, she has played the part of Jess Heywood in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street".
Life and career.
Bailey was born in Balsall Heath, Birmingham, on 17 January 1983. She attended Bishop Challoner School and the Central Junior Television Workshop. The minimum entry age for the latter was eleven, but wanting to join sooner, she lied about her age when she was nine. Bailey's professional acting debut came in 1996 when she appeared in an episode of "Dangerfield". She also made appearances in "Crossroads" and "Holby City". Shortly after leaving drama school, she was cast as Michelle Corrigan in the BBC soap opera "Doctors". Bailey revealed on her BBC profile for "Doctors" that when she was shopping with co-star Martha Howe-Douglas who played Donna Parmar, the two were stopped by a man who showed them a cut on his arm. Bailey said that the man "wouldn't believe that they didn't work in a surgery". This happened in another instance, this time with co-star Diane Keen: "one day Diane and I were going for lunch and saw a cyclist knocked off his bike. We ran towards him to see if we could help, but when we got to him I said, 'What can we do?'. I thought, 'This is serious, we can't pretend'. So I just rang for an ambulance. In 2010, Bailey announced her decision to leave "Doctors". She felt that since she had been cast on the series straight after leaving drama school, she wanted to explore other career opportunities. On the decision to leave, she said: "It was so sad, and filming the last episode was awful. I sobbed from the first scene of the day to the very end!"
In 2011, Bailey set up a kids drama workshops in Kings Heath. In 2015, she became a semi-regular in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", playing the role of Jess Heywood. Bailey's stage credits include the role of Leah in "Beautiful Thing", Nikki in "Redundant" and Colleen in "Martha Loves Michael". In 2019, Bailey appeared in "Casualty", as well as an episode of "The Reluctant Landlord".
Bailey is a mother of three boys and resides in Nottingham. She is also an Open Door tutor, supporting disadvantaged students with preparation for drama school. 

</doc>
<doc id="6929710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929710" title="Shipping lane">
Shipping lane



</doc>
<doc id="6929712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929712" title="National holidays in Burundi">
National holidays in Burundi



</doc>
<doc id="6929717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929717" title="2006 Seattle Seahawks season">
2006 Seattle Seahawks season

The 2006 Seattle Seahawks season was the franchise's 31st season in the National Football League (NFL), fifth season playing at Qwest Field, and eighth under head coach Mike Holmgren. The season began with the team attempting to improve on their 13–3 record from 2005, repeat as National Football Conference (NFC) champions, and return to the Super Bowl. The team, while winning their NFC West division, only advanced as far as the Divisional round of the NFL playoffs, losing to the eventual NFC champion Chicago Bears in overtime.
Game summaries.
Regular season.
Week 1: at Detroit Lions.
The Seahawks won their regular season opener against the Detroit Lions on September 10. Despite the Seahawks' offense failing to score a single point, Josh Brown had a big day, as he provided all of the Seahawks' points. He kicked a 20-yarder, a 50-yarder, and a 42-yard field goal as time expired to win the game. Meanwhile, the defense limited the Lions to just two field goals.
With the win, the Seahawks started out the season at 1–0.
Deion Branch trade.
On September 11, the Seahawks announced they had acquired wide receiver Deion Branch in a trade with the New England Patriots. In return, they gave their first-round pick in the 2007 NFL draft to the Patriots.
Week 2: vs. Arizona Cardinals.
After a low-scoring victory in Detroit, the Seahawks played their Week 2 home-opener against their fellow NFC West rival, the Arizona Cardinals. Unlike Game 1, Seattle's offense got off to a strong start, as running back Shaun Alexander got a 2-yard TD run, while quarterback Matt Hasselbeck completed a 49-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Darrell Jackson. That's how the rest of the first half would end up. In the third quarter, the score of the period was Arizona kicker Neil Rackers completed a 43-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Seahawks got a 1-yard touchdown run by fullback Mack Strong. The Cardinals would get a touchdown, which would come in the form of a 40-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Kurt Warner to wide receiver Bryant Johnson, but fortunately, Seattle would maintain the lead for the win. The Seahawks would extend their home winning streak to 11 straight games and improved to 2–0.
Week 3: vs. New York Giants.
The Seahawks held on to defeat the New York Giants 42–30 after leading 42–3 going into the 4th quarter. Prior to the game the Giants had complained to the NFL about the level of crowd noise at Qwest Field and suggested that some of the noise was artificial. Last year the Giants were called for 11 false start penalties in a 24–21 overtime loss at Seattle. The complaint became public and the predictable result was a boisterous Seattle crowd and inspired play from the team.
Deion Branch saw his first action with the Seahawks as he caught two passes for 23 yards and ran once for eight yards.
One day after the game, the Seahawks reported that MVP running back Shaun Alexander had a cracked bone in his foot that would sideline him for a few weeks.
With the win the Seahawks improved to 3–0 and increased their home game streak to 12 games.
Week 4: at Chicago Bears.
The Seahawks met the 3–0 Chicago Bears in a primetime matchup of NFC powerhouses at Soldier Field. The Seahawks took the lead on an early field goal, but momentum quickly shifted to the hometown Bears. Two Matt Hasselbeck interceptions midway through the second quarter led to 10 Chicago points and a 20–6 halftime lead. Any hopes for a comeback were erased after the Bears scored a touchdown on their first possession of the second half for a 27–6 lead.
The Seahawks running attack was diminished without the injured Shaun Alexander. Near constant pressure on Hasselbeck, including 5 sacks, thwarted the effectiveness of the 4 receiver offense that had confused the Giants the week before.
The team flight back to Seattle was diverted to South Dakota for a "medical emergency", which turned out to be defensive consultant Ray Rhodes feeling ill after the game. He was checked out at a Rapid City, South Dakota hospital and released.
With the loss, the Seahawks went into their bye week at 3–1.
Week 6: at St. Louis Rams.
Still recovering from the loss to the Bears and without Shaun Alexander and wide receiver Bobby Engram, the Seahawks were ineffective for much of the first half. Trailing 21–7, Mike Holmgren blistered the paint in the locker room and a different Seahawks team took the field in the second half. Seattle scored 20 unanswered points to lead 27–21 and looked to have put the game away after a Lofa Tatupu interception late in the game. However, running back Maurice Morris fumbled on the Rams 7-yard line with 2:48 left. A few plays later Rams quarterback Marc Bulger hit Torry Holt with a 67-yard touchdown pass to give the Rams a 28–27 lead with 1:38 remaining.
Matt Hasselbeck engineered a final drive from the Seahawks' 17-yard line and led the team to the Rams' 31-yard line. A premature celebration erupted on the Rams' sideline as the Seahawks were called for an illegal formation after Hasselbeck spiked the ball to stop the clock with four seconds left in the game. The Rams believed the Seahawks had committed a false start which would have resulted in a ten-second runoff on the clock that would have ended the game. Instead, the Seahawks were penalized five yards, pushing them back to the 36-yard line. Despite the setback, Josh Brown still kicked a 54-yard field goal to win the game, 30–28.
Brown's kick was tied for the second longest game-winning field goal in NFL history, behind Tom Dempsey's 63-yard effort in 1970. (It would be supplanted a week later by Tampa Bay kicker Matt Bryant's 62-yard field goal in a win over the Philadelphia Eagles.) Brown also became the first player in NFL history to make 3 field goals of 49 yards or longer in the same quarter. In the third quarter, Brown achieved the equally rare feat of hitting both uprights on an unsuccessful 34-yard field goal attempt.
With the win, the Seahawks improved to 4–1.
Week 7: vs. Minnesota Vikings.
The return of Steve Hutchinson had the 12th man at Qwest Field in a frenzy. A knee injury to Matt Hasselbeck early in the second half silenced them. An early 72-yard touchdown reception by Darrell Jackson staked the Seahawks to a 7–3 lead, but the Vikings scored a touchdown of their own in the second quarter and the teams went to the half tied at 10. On the Seahawks' first possession of the third quarter, Vikings linebacker E.J. Henderson rolled onto Hasselbeck's right leg and sent the quarterbacl to the turf well after he had released the ball. Hasselbeck left the field with the assistance of trainers, and did not return. Seneca Wallace took over at quarterback, completing 14 of 25 passes with two interceptions and a fumble in his own endzone. The Seahawks gave up a 15-yard touchdown pass from running back Mewelde Moore to tight end Jermaine Wiggins to trail 17–10 as Hasselbeck was walking to the locker room. They looked to have weathered the storm and recaptured momentum when punter Ryan Plackemeier pinned the Vikings on their own 5-yard line. The next play resulted in the Vikings' longest ever touchdown play, a 95-yard romp by Chester Taylor that brought back memories of Bo and the Boz. Suddenly the deficit was 14 points. The Seahawks drove for a field goal to cut the lead to 11, but a failure to convert a 4th and 1 play on the next drive ended any hope of pulling out the game. The loss ended the Seahawks' 12-game winning streak at home.
An MRI scan on Hasselbeck's knee revealed a second degree sprain and he missed 4 games.
With the loss, the Seahawks fell to 4–2 and their 12-game winning streak at home was snapped.
Week 8: at Kansas City Chiefs.
The Seahawks ventured to Arrowhead Stadium without stars Matt Hasselbeck and Shaun Alexander. Seneca Wallace made his first career start in a stadium where the Seahawks have won only twice in their last 20 visits. The story of the game was not the Seahawks' wounded offense, but rather the failure of the supposedly healthy defense.
The Chiefs controlled the ball for over 42 minutes of the contest, piled up 499 total net yards, and were able to sustain drives all afternoon. The Seahawks defense was only able to force one Chiefs punt, early in the fourth quarter. Despite being dominated in time of possession and yardage, the Seahawks found themselves leading the game 28–27 after a Kelly Herndon 61-yard touchdown return of a fumbled field goal attempt and a 49-yard touchdown grab by Darrell Jackson with just over 6 minutes remaining. The Chiefs responded as they had all game, with an 8-play, 80-yard drive capped off by Larry Johnson's fourth touchdown of the game. A successful 2-point conversion made the score 35–28. A last drive by the Seahawks ended when Seneca Wallace completed a short sideline pass to fullback Mack Strong for 8 yards on 4th down and 15 from the Chiefs 46-yard line.
Fox became the sixth network to air a game between these two teams. All Sunday afternoon meetings between 1977 to 1997 were aired on NBC, then from 1998 to 2001 on CBS (which also aired the 2002 game in Seattle). ESPN broadcast Sunday night games in 1992 and 1998, TNT aired a Thursday night game in 1996, and ABC aired a Monday night game in 2000.
With the loss, the Seahawks fell to 4–3.
Week 9: vs. Oakland Raiders.
Hoping to rebound from their road loss to the Chiefs, the Seahawks returned home for a Monday night match-up with the Oakland Raiders. The Raiders won the coin toss. It would be the last time fortune smiled on them on a windy and wet night at Qwest Field. In the first quarter, quarterback Seneca Wallace completed a 22-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Deion Branch. Later in the first quarter, kicker Josh Brown nailed a 20-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Brown would get a 25-yard field goal for the only score of the quarter. After a scoreless third quarter, Brown would put the game away with another 20-yard field goal in the fourth quarter.
While the offense did their job, Seattle's defense had a huge night, sacking Raiders quarterback Andrew Walter nine times, including three consecutive times on the same set of downs.
With their 16–0 victory over the Raiders, and a 42–0 appearance at the Eagles in 2005, dubbed the "Monday Night Massacre" by NFL Films, the Seahawks became the first team to post consecutive shutouts on "Monday Night Football". Poetically, the Raiders became the first team to lose in back-to-back "MNF" shutouts, having lost 27–0 to the San Diego Chargers earlier in 2006.
With the win, the Seahawks improved to 5–3.
Week 10: vs. St. Louis Rams.
On a windy, rainy Sunday the Seahawks hosted the Rams looking to take an effective 3 game lead in the division with a win. The Seahawks drove the ball easily on their first possession, moving to the Rams 1-yard line. After a false start penalty, Seneca Wallace was sacked and fumbled, and the Rams returned the ball 89 yards for a touchdown. The Seahawks drove down the field again, this time maintaining possession to the endzone as Darrell Jackson caught a 3-yard touchdown pass. The lead would change hands 6 more times in the game. With the Rams holding a 16–14 lead in the fourth quarter, Rams head coach Scott Linehan chose to challenge a call, nullifying a field goal. The challenge was upheld, but the Rams still faced a fourth down play. Instead of kicking another field goal to increase the lead, Linehan chose to go for a first down. The raucous Qwest Field rose to the occasion, and Rams fullback Paul Smith could not hear the play call. Rather than run a pass route he stayed in the backfield to block, and Rams quarterback Marc Bulger's pass to double covered tight end Klopfenstein fell incomplete.
Nate Burleson returned a punt 90 yards for a touchdown and a 21–16 lead. After a Rams touchdown with 2:37 remaining, a series of penalties against St. Louis changed momentum. A holding penalty nullified a successful 2 point conversion. The second attempt failed. A 15-yard personal foul was assessed on the subsequent kickoff, and Josh Scobey returned the ball to the Rams 49-yard line. With a short field and time on the clock, Seneca Wallace and Maurice Morris drove the Seahawks to the Rams 20-yard line, where Josh Brown kicked a game-winning field goal with 9 seconds remaining.
Brown kicked game-winning field goals in both games against the Rams that year.
With their 4th straight win over the Rams, the Seahawks improved to 6–3.
Week 11: at San Francisco 49ers.
The Seahawks travelled to Monster Park to face division rival San Francisco. Buoyed by the return of Shaun Alexander to the starting line-up, and having Matt Hasselbeck dressed as the 3rd quarterback, the Seahawks expected to take a stranglehold on the NFC West. Instead, they played a flat first half and fell behind by 20 points – 13 of those coming after 3 turnovers. The Seahawks also allowed the 49ers to gain 163 rushing yards in the first half, whereas Alexander had only 9 yards on 7 carries. He would finish with 37 yards on 17 carries.
A different Hawks team appeared in the second half, scoring quickly on a 38-yard touchdown reception by Deion Branch. The Seahawks added another long touchdown reception by Darrell Jackson with 6:40 remaining in the game, but could not get any closer. A key sequence in the last 2 minutes of the game saw Alexander stopped for a loss on 4th and 1. Following the change of possession, 49ers running back Frank Gore fumbled, recovered by Grant Wistrom. Given a second life, the Seahawks allowed a 9-yard loss on a sack before Seneca Wallace threw an interception. Instead of owning a 3-game lead in the division, the Seahawks only lead the surprising 49ers by a game. The teams would meet again on December 14 at Qwest Field.
With the loss, the Seahawks fell to 6–4.
Week 12: vs. Green Bay Packers.
Snow fell on a Seahawks home game for the first time ever. In a setting that looked more like Green Bay's home field, the Seahawks started poorly on "Monday Night Football". Matt Hasselbeck returned after missing 4 games and promptly turned the ball over four times in the first half. Shaun Alexander picked up the slack for the rusty Hasselbeck, rushing a team record 40 times for 201 yards on the evening. It was a return to MVP form for Alexander, who was still running on a cracked foot injured in the first week of the season.
Josh Brown kicked four field goals in the first half to keep Seattle in the game, and they trailed only 14–12 at the half. All of Green Bay's points came off turnovers, the last 7 when a Hasselbeck fumble was returned for a touchdown. The snow stopped falling at halftime.
Green Bay drove for a touchdown on their first possession of the second half to go up 21–12. After both teams had drives stall and were forced to punt, Hasselbeck led the Seahawks on a nine-play, 62-yard drive capped by a 23-yard pass to D. J. Hackett. Seattle drove again late in the third quarter, led by Alexander. On the second play of the fourth quarter, Hasselbeck found Darrell Jackson for a 4-yard touchdown toss. A 2-point conversion gave the Seahawks a 27–21 lead. After a Green Bay field goal cut the Seahawks lead to 3 points, Hasselbeck threw his third touchdown to Jerramy Stevens to cap an 11-play, 51-yard drive. The Seahawks defense crushed the final three Green Bay drives with two interceptions and a fumble recovery to finish with 4 takeaways on the night.
With the win, the Seahawks improved to 7–4.
Week 13: at Denver Broncos.
The Seahawks travelled to Denver to face their old foe from the AFC West. On a frigid Sunday Night game, these Seahawks were able to accomplish what few of their predecessors managed – to come out of Denver with a win. Carrying on their recent troubling tendency of weak first half performances, the Seahawks fell behind 13–7 to the Broncos, who were led by first-time starter Jay Cutler. The Seahawks managed only 2 first downs and 67 yards of total offense in the first half, but remained in the game thanks to Darryl Tapp's 25-yard return of an intercepted Cutler pass for a touchdown.
In the second half, the teams traded punts and one turnover apiece until Seattle got the ball on its own 39-yard line with 9:42 left in the game. Two long pass completions from Matt Hasselbeck to Darrell Jackson put the Seahawks on the Broncos one-yard line. Shaun Alexander quickly took the ball into the endzone for a 14–13 Seahawks lead. The Broncos fumbled the ensuing kickoff, and Joe Tafoya recovered. Assisted by a holding penalty on third down, the Seahawks moved the ball into range for Josh Brown to kick a 44-yard field goal. The Broncos held onto the following kickoff, but on their first play Cutler threw an interception to Jordan Babineaux for Seattle's 9th takeaway in the past two games. The Seahawks again had to settle for a Brown 23-yard field goal for a 20–13 lead with 3:01 remaining, keeping Denver in the game. The failure to score a touchdown proved costly, as Cutler connected with wide receiver Brandon Marshall on a 71-yard pass and run play for a game tying touchdown, assisted by some poor tackling by Seattle.
The Seahawks started the last drive at their own 14-yard line with 2:31 remaining. A key third down reception by Nate Burleson kept the drive alive, and Hasselbeck led the team down to the Broncos 32-yard line with 10 seconds remaining. Josh Brown came on to kick a game-winning, 50-yard field goal, his fourth such kick of the season to tie an NFL record.
With the win the Seahawks' lead in the NFC West increased to three games over the 49ers and Rams as they improved to 8–4.
Week 14: at Arizona Cardinals.
Coming off their Sunday night victory over the Broncos, the Seahawks flew to the University of Phoenix Stadium for an NFC West rematch with the Arizona Cardinals. In the first quarter, Seattle trailed early as Cardinals quarterback Matt Leinart completed a 56-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Bryant Johnson, while running back Edgerrin James got a 7-yard touchdown run. The Seahawks would respond with quarterback Matt Hasselbeck completing a 23-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver D. J. Hackett. In the second quarter, Arizona increased its lead with kicker Neil Rackers nailing a 32-yard field goal. Seattle would draw closer with Hasselbeck completing a 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Nate Burleson. In the third quarter, the Seahawks took the lead with Hasselbeck's 2-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Darrell Jackson for the only score of the period. However, in the fourth quarter, the Cardinals got the win with Leinart's 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald and Rackers' 40-yard field goal. With the loss, Seattle fell to 8–5.
Week 15: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
Despite the loss to the Cardinals, the Seahawks could still clinch the NFC West at home in a Thursday night game against the San Francisco 49ers with the Seahawks hoping to avenge the earlier loss to the 49ers. On a rainy, windy night, Seattle started off strong with running back Shaun Alexander getting a three-yard touchdown run for the only score of the first quarter. The 49ers offense was almost nonexistent in the first half, as seven of San Francisco's first eight drives ended in three-and-outs. However, the Seahawks still allowed a 39-yard field goal by 49ers kicker Joe Nedney near the end of the half.
After a scoreless third quarter, Seattle's defense started giving way. 49ers quarterback Alex Smith completed an 8-yard touchdown pass to tight end Vernon Davis. An unsportsmanlike conduct penalty on Davis combined with an excellent kickoff return by Nate Burleson gave Seattle prime field position at the San Francisco 33-yard line. However, the Seahawks failed to convert on a fourth down play on the first series from scrimmage, and turned the ball over on downs. Smith would take advantage by driving his team downfield and completing a 20-yard touchdown pass to running back Frank Gore. San Francisco delivered the final blow with Smith running for an 18-yard touchdown on a naked bootleg with no defenders near him. The Seahawks got a 22-yard touchdown from quarterback Matt Hasselbeck to tight end Jerramy Stevens with under two minutes left, but it wouldn't be enough as Seattle would get swept by the 49ers. With the loss, the Seahawks fell to 8–6.
Week 16: vs. San Diego Chargers.
Trying to end a two-game skid, the Seahawks went home for a Week 16 fight with the San Diego Chargers. After a scoreless first quarter, the Chargers struck in the second quarter with quarterback Philip Rivers completing a 9-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Vincent Jackson for the only score of the period. In the third quarter, San Diego increased its lead with kicker Nate Kaeding nailing a 46-yard field goal. Fortunately, Seattle started to strike back with running back Shaun Alexander getting a 33-yard touchdown run. However, the Chargers answered back with Kaeding kicking a 40-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, the Seahawks finally took the lead with Alexander getting a 9-yard touchdown run, along with kicker Josh Brown's 33-yard field goal. However, the Chargers wrapped up the game with Rivers and Jackson hooking up again on a 37-yard touchdown pass. With the loss, Seattle fell to 8–7.
Week 17: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Trying the end a three-game skid, the Seahawks flew to Raymond James Stadium for their last game of the regular season against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. In the first quarter, Seattle drew first blood with kicker Josh Brown nailing a 35-yard field goal, while running back Shaun Alexander got a 1-yard touchdown run. In the second quarter, the Buccaneers would get their only score of the game as quarterback Tim Rattay completed a 4-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Joey Galloway. Afterwards, Seattle took over for the rest of the game as quarterback Matt Hasselbeck completed a 5-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver D. J. Hackett. In the second half, Brown wrapped up the game with a 30-yard field goal in the third goal, along with a 23-yard field goal in the fourth quarter. With the win, the Seahawks wrapped up the regular season at 9–7 and acquired the NFC's #4 seed.
However, cornerbacks Kelly Jennings, and Jimmy Williams were injured during the match. They would join Kelly Herndon and Marcus Trufant on the injured list.
Postseason.
Seattle entered the postseason as the #4 seed in the NFC.
NFC Wild Card Playoff: vs. #5 Dallas Cowboys.
Entering the NFC playoffs as the fourth-seed, the Seahawks began their playoff run at home against the fifth-seeded Dallas Cowboys. In the first quarter, Seattle struck first blood with a 23-yard field goal, while Cowboys kicker Martín Gramática nailed a 50-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Seattle went back into the lead with Brown kicking a 30-yard field goal. However, Dallas took the lead with quarterback Tony Romo completing a 13-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Patrick Crayton before halftime. In the third quarter, the Seahawks regained the lead with quarterback Matt Hasselbeck completing a 15-yard touchdown pass to tight end Jerramy Stevens. However, following the touchdown drive, the Cowboys marched right back into the lead as wide receiver Miles Austin returned a kickoff 93 yards for a touchdown. In the fourth quarter, Dallas increased its lead with Gramática kicking a 29-yard field goal. Later, Seattle retook the lead with a safety off a Terry Glenn fumble from a hit by rookie cornerback Kelly Jennings, along with Hasselbeck hooking up with Stevens again on a 37-yard touchdown pass (followed up with a failed a two-point conversion). Afterwards, the Cowboys got into position to score late in the game, but Romo botched the hold of a field-goal attempt. He then ran to try for the first down or the touchdown, but was tackled by strong safety Jordan Babineaux. The Seahawks then ran out as much of the clock as they could. With two seconds left, Dallas had one final shot as Romo threw up a Hail Mary pass, but Seattle batted the ball down for the win.
With the victory, the Seahawks improved their overall record to 10–7 and advanced to the Divisional Round to take on the Chicago Bears. They also became the first team to win a playoff game after losing the Super Bowl since the 1997 Patriots.
In the words of the Seattle Times, the Seahawks won "a wild wild-card game."
NFC Divisional Playoff: at #1 Chicago Bears.
Coming off the win over the Cowboys, the Seahawks traveled to Soldier Field to face the top-seeded Chicago Bears in the Divisional round. In the first quarter, Seattle trailed early with Bears running back Thomas Jones getting a 9-yard touchdown run for the only score of the quarter. In the second quarter, the Seahawks got on the board with quarterback Matt Hasselbeck completing a 16-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Nate Burleson. However, immediately following Seattle's score, Chicago responded with quarterback Rex Grossman completing a 68-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Bernard Berrian. The Seahawks struck back with running back Shaun Alexander getting a 4-yard touchdown run, yet Jones helped the Bears out with a 7-yard touchdown run. In the third quarter, Seattle took the lead with kicker Josh Brown kicking a 40-yard field goal, while Alexander got a 13-yard touchdown run. However, in the fourth quarter, Chicago tied the game with kicker Robbie Gould getting a 41-yard field goal. In overtime, the Seahawks won the coin toss and received the ball first. Hasselbeck led the team to around midfield, but on their last third down of the game, he threw the ball out of bounds. On fourth down the Seahawks punted to the Bears who were able to get the ball close enough for Gould to kick a 49-yard field goal.
With the loss, Seattle ended its season with an overall record of 10–8.

</doc>
<doc id="6929718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929718" title="Capillary bed">
Capillary bed



</doc>
<doc id="6929722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929722" title="Pedro De La Rosa">
Pedro De La Rosa



</doc>
<doc id="6929724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929724" title="Segraves v. California">
Segraves v. California

Segraves v. California was a 1981 Superior Court of California case concerning the teaching of evolutionary biology in public schools. Kelly Segraves, a parent of three schoolchildren, sued the State of California, arguing that the teaching of evolution in public schools violated the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. The judge rejected this claim and found that California's anti-dogmatism policy gave sufficient accommodation to the views of Segraves.
Background.
Kelly Segraves is a father of three and cofounder of the Creation-Science Research Center in San Diego. His three children, Kasey, Jason, and Kevin, attended a California public school, where part of the curriculum included the teachings of evolution. Segraves contended that the teaching of religion at his children's public school violated their freedom to practice religion, and thus, infringed upon their First Amendment rights. Segraves sued California on behalf of his three children, who were minors at the time, on January 19, 1979. Cited in Segraves's complaint is the curriculum guide "Science Framework for California Public Schools", which is said to convey the idea that "the theory of evolution is the only credible theory of the origin of [life]."
The case went to trial in 1981, putting evolution and creationism on opposite sides of another courtroom battle. In court, Segraves argued that teaching the theory of evolution in public schools was "'indoctrination' and 'coercion'" against his and his children's religious beliefs and that it violated their right to religious freedom. The plaintiff also argued that teaching the evolutionary theory in public schools established and supported "the religion of secular humanism", which violates the First Amendment's establishment clause. Because of this assertion, Segraves also claimed that teaching evolution goes against a section of the California constitution that outlaws the spending of public money for the support of any religion in public schools.
Decision.
In March 1981, after one week of testimony, presiding Judge Irving Perluss ruled that the teaching of evolution in public schools did not infringe upon the First Amendment rights of Segraves and his children. Perluss's decision included a reference to a 1972 "anti-dogmatism" policy, which states:"The decision states that the anti-dogmatism policy should be made known to any organization or person who would receive the Science Framework for California Public Schools." The decision states that the anti-dogmatism policy should be made known to any organization or person who would receive the Science Framework for California Public Schools.

</doc>
<doc id="6929726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929726" title="Guilford Rail System">
Guilford Rail System



</doc>
<doc id="6929728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929728" title="List of ships of the Queensland Maritime Defence Force">
List of ships of the Queensland Maritime Defence Force

In 1884, following the recommendations of the Jervois-Scratchley reports, the Queensland Marine Defence Force was established. To equip the new force, the Queensland colonial government purchased two gunboats and a torpedo boat. Queensland bought eight more vessels to create the second largest fleet in the Australian colonies behind Victoria. With the federation of the Australian colonies, those vessels still in service joined the Commonwealth Naval Forces in 1901 and the Royal Australian Navy when it was formed in 1911. No ship ever met the enemy in battle or fell victim to enemy action; most had long, albeit in some cases humble, careers in both naval and private hands past World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="6929732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929732" title="Guilford Transportation Industries">
Guilford Transportation Industries



</doc>
<doc id="6929734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929734" title="Wright v. Houston">
Wright v. Houston



</doc>
<doc id="6929736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929736" title="Magudam">
Magudam

Magudam () is a 1992 Indian Tamil language film, written and directed by Pratap Pothen. The film stars Sathyaraj, Bhanupriya and Gautami. It was released on 24 July 1992.
Plot.
Muthuvelu was brought up by his grandmother and his grandmother does not permit him talk to girls. One night Muthuvelu meets Thilakavathi and he gets scared thinking that she is a ghost as she was wearing white dress. Then he understands that she is a human.
When she tries to drink poison he stops her and ask her why she is committing suicide. She says that she was a medical student and her chief asked her to conduct a post-mortem on a woman. She was coerced into reporting that it was a case of suicide, but she conclusively proved that the woman was killed and that it was done by her husband Thillainathan. For this, Thillainathan spoiled Thilaka's name, killed her mother and tried to kill her also. She did not want to die at their hands, so she decided to commit suicide.
Muthuvelu wants to help her. Soon after the two fall in love. He also convinces his grandmother and she says that Thilaka should continue her studies, for which Velu will help. Muthu was arrested by police, framed by Thillainathan. In that period, he loses his land to Thillainathan. When he returns from jail, he is thinking of taking revenge on Thillainathan. He forms a gang and he becomes a local rowdy. Meanwhile, Thilaka becomes a doctor. Then comes Bhavani, a mischievous girl, who falls in love with Velu and troubles him to marry her. Meanwhile, Thillainathan tries to kill Muthu by shooting him, but Bhavani saves him and is hurt as he shoots her. At the hospital, the doctor says that she is going to die and asks her brother to fulfill her last wish. She says that she wants to die as Muthu's wife and Muthu marries Bhavani. Unfortunately, she was saved by Thilaka and Thilaka's heart was broken knowing that Muthu was Bhavani's husband. She stops her marriage and his grandmother also hates him without knowing about his marriage and goes with Thilaka. Thilaka maintains a good friendship with Bhavani and solves her family problems. Meanwhile, Thillainathan tries to kill Muthu in many ways. Bhavani gives birth to a child. Finally, Thillainathan kidnaps Muthu's child, grandmother, Bhavani and Thilakavathi. Muthu and Bhavani's brother comes to rescue them. In this process, Bhavani is shot by Thillainathan, whose last words are that Muthu should marry Thilaka and Thilaka should be the mother of her baby. Then she pushes Thillainathan from a rock and she also falls down. They both die. Muthu marries Thilaka.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, with lyrics by Vaali.
Reception.
Malini Mannath of "The Indian Express" wrote, "With a weak storyline, an abundance of characters who are never really justified, and a half-hearted treatment, "Magudam" is a film which never really takes off from the scene one". Sujitha Sridharan of "Kalki" felt the film had very artificial scenes, fragmented scenes and ordinary music from Ilaiyaraaja.

</doc>
<doc id="6929737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929737" title="Pulmonary venous system">
Pulmonary venous system



</doc>
<doc id="6929739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929739" title="Laurence Masillon Keitt">
Laurence Masillon Keitt



</doc>
<doc id="6929742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929742" title="Tim tam slam">
Tim tam slam



</doc>
<doc id="6929746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929746" title="Live at Cuesta College">
Live at Cuesta College

Live at Cuesta College is the debut album by the band CPR. It is a live document of their 1997 tour issued in limited release only via the CPR website.

</doc>
<doc id="6929747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929747" title="C57BL/6">
C57BL/6

C57BL/6, often referred to as "C57 black 6", "B6", "C57" or "black 6", is a common inbred strain of laboratory mouse.
It is the most widely used "genetic background" for genetically modified mice for use as models of human disease. They are the most widely used and best-selling mouse strain due to the availability of congenic strains, easy breeding, and robustness.
The median lifespan of C57BL/6 mice is 27–29 months and the maximum lifespan is about 36 months.
Origin.
The inbred strain of C57BL mice was created in 1921 by C. C. Little at the Bussey Institute for Research in Applied Biology. The substrain "6" was the most popular of the surviving substrains. Little's supervisor William E. Castle had obtained the predecessor strain of C57BL/6, "mouse number 57", from Abbie Lathrop who was breeding inbred strains for mammary tumor research in collaboration with Leo Loeb at the time.
Appearance and behavior.
C57BL/6 mice have a dark brown, nearly black coat. They are more sensitive to noise and odours and are more likely to bite than the more docile laboratory strains such as BALB/c. They are good breeders.
Group-housed B6 male mice display barbering behavior, in which the dominant mouse in a cage selectively removes hair from its subordinate cage mates. Mice that have been barbered have large bald patches on their bodies, commonly around the head, snout, and shoulders, although barbering may appear anywhere on the body. Both hair and whiskers may be removed.
C57BL/6 has many unusual characteristics that make it useful for some work and inappropriate for others: It is unusually sensitive to pain and to cold, and analgesic medications are less effective in it. Unlike most mouse strains, it drinks alcoholic beverages voluntarily. It is more susceptible than average to morphine addiction, atherosclerosis, and age-related hearing loss.
Genetics.
The C57BL/6 mouse was the second-ever mammalian species to have its entire genome published.
The dark coat makes the mouse strain convenient for creating transgenic mice: it is crossed with a light-furred 129 mouse, and the desirable crosses can be easily identified by their mixed coat colors.
There now exist colonies of mice derived from the original C57BL/6 colony that have been bred in isolation from one another for many hundreds of generations. Owing to genetic drift these colonies differ widely from one another (and, it goes without saying, from the original mice isolated at the Bussey Institute). Responsible scientists, including those at accredited repositories, are careful to point out this fact and take pains to distinguish sublines such as C57BL/6J (the established subline at The Jackson Laboratory) from C57BL/6N, etc. But even within these sublines, the potential for drift exists in colonies maintained by individual laboratories who do not have a systematic practice of reestablishing breeders from a centralized, vetted stock.
The mice (as well as NOD and SJL) are known to have IgG2c allele.
Popularity.
By far the most popular laboratory rodent, the C57BL/6 mouse accounts for to of all rodents shipped to research laboratories from American suppliers. Its overwhelming popularity is due largely to inertia: it has been widely used and widely studied, and therefore it is used even more.
In 1993 the first C57BL/6 gene targeted knockout mouse was published by a group at Hoffmann-La Roche in Switzerland. 
In 2013 C57BL/6 mice were flown into space aboard Bion-M No.1.
In 2015 C57BL/6NTac females provided by Taconic Biosciences were sent to the International Space Station on SpaceX CRS-6.

</doc>
<doc id="6929751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929751" title="Robert Barnwell Rhett, Sr.">
Robert Barnwell Rhett, Sr.



</doc>
<doc id="6929754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929754" title="Tourims in the maldives">
Tourims in the maldives



</doc>
<doc id="6929759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929759" title="Steam locomotive nomenclature">
Steam locomotive nomenclature



</doc>
<doc id="6929765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929765" title="PZL P-50 Jastrzab">
PZL P-50 Jastrzab



</doc>
<doc id="6929766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929766" title="Clan Arthur">
Clan Arthur

Clan Arthur or Clan MacArthur, (Scottish Gaelic: Clann Artair) is a highland Scottish clan that once held lands on the shores of Loch Awe opposite Inishail. The clan has been described as one of the oldest clans in Argyll. Clan Arthur and Clan Campbell share a common origin, and at one point the MacArthurs challenged the seniority of the leading Campbell family. A branch of MacArthurs from the Isle of Skye were a sept of the MacDonalds of Sleat, and were hereditary pipers for the MacDonalds of the Isles. In late 18th century the chief of the clan died without an heir, leaving the clan leaderless until the late 20th century. In 2002, the first chief of Clan Arthur (James Macarthur) was recognised in about 230 years.
History.
Early history.
During the reign of Alexander III (1249-1286), the Clan Campbell made its first appearance, and was divided into two branches; "Mac Cailinmor" and "Mac Arthur". The nineteenth century historian William F. Skene wrote that during the reign of Robert I (r.1306–1329), the "Mac Cailinmor" branch (descendants of Colin "Mor" Campbell) did not possess any land in what is now Argyll, while Mac Arthur, head of the "Mac Arthur" branch was in possession of extensive territory in the earldom Garmoran, which was the original seat of the Campbells. Skene wrote that "it is therefore impossible to doubt that Mac Arthur was at this time the head of the clan, and this position he appears to have maintained until the reign of James I of Scotland."
Arthur Campbell, of the "Mac Arthur" branch, along with Neil Campbell, of the "Mac Cailinmor" branch, supported Robert the Bruce and were richly rewarded by the king with the forfeited lands of his opponents. Arthur Campbell was made keeper of Dunstaffnage Castle along with extensive territory in the district of Lorne. Later, during the reign of David II, the "Mac Cailinmor" ever becoming more powerful, since the marriage of Sir Neil Campbell with a sister of Robert I, were resisted from taking control of the clan by the "Mac Arthur" branch with the obtaining of a charter "Arthuro Campbell quod nulli subjictur pro terris nisi regi," by Arthur Campbell.["Arthur Campbell that he is subject to no one for the lands but the king"]
In 1427 James I held parliament at Inverness and summoned the Highland chiefs. Iain MacArthur, the chief of the MacArthurs, was one of the unlucky chiefs who were beheaded by the king of Scots. This chief had been described as "a great prince among his own people and leader of a thousand men". With the execution of Iain MacArthur, and Alexander, Lord of Garmoran, the MacArthurs lost possession of all their lands with the exception of Strachur and lands of Glenfalloch and Glen Dochart in Perthshire. From this time, and on, the "Mac Cailinmor" branch were the head of the clan and the Campbells continued their rise in power.
Modern history.
In 1771 Patrick MacArthur, chief of Clan Arthur, died in Jamaica without a male heir. With his death, the official title of Chief of Clan Arthur ceased to exist. In 1986 senior members of Clan Arthur hired a genealogist to trace back through the last chief's family tree to find a living representative with a common ancestor to the chiefs of Clan Arthur. Genealogical research concluded that the chiefly line of the MacArthurs, the "MacArthurs of Tirivadich" could be traced as far back as 1495, to a John MacArthur of Tirivadich. The MacArthur chiefly line was traced nine generations down from this John MacArthur of Tirivadich, through his eldest grandson: Duncan MacArthur of Tirivadich; and three generations through John MacArthur of Tirivadich's younger grandsons: Niall MacArthur of Querlane and John MacArthur of Drissaig. Research showed that the main line had become extinct, however a living descendant through John MacArthur of Drissaig was found – a Canadian born man named James Edward Moir MacArthur. This man traced his descent from a Margaret MacArthur Moir, who died about 1775. A great nephew of hers, Archibald MacArthur Stewart, recorded Arms in 1775 and traced his descent from John MacArthur of Milton, who died in 1674. The genealogical research conducted on behalf of Clan Arthur linked this John MacArthur of Milton back to John MacArthur of Drissaig.
In 1991 a "derbfine" was organised by armigers of the clan. There it was determined that James Edward Moir MacArthur of Milton should petition the Lord Lyon to be appointed Clan Commander of Clan Arthur. Ten years later he did so, successfully, and in August 2002 was recognised James Edward Moir MacArthur of that Ilk as the rightful heir to the arms of MacArthur of Tirivadich, and that he was entitled to the chiefship of Clan Arthur. Later in April 2003, he was officially inaugurated by clan members as Chief of Clan Arthur. He was the first official chief of the clan in about 230 years. Upon his death in 2004, he was succeeded as chief by his son, John Alexander MacArthur of that Ilk. The current chief of Clan Arthur represents the clan as a member of the Standing Council of Scottish Chiefs.
Clan symbols.
The current chief of Clan Arthur is John Alexander MacArthur of that Ilk. The chief bears the undifferenced arms of the name "MacArthur", and is the only person legally entitled to these arms under Scots law. The blazon of the chief's armorial shield is "Azure, three antique crowns Or" and corresponds to one of the attributed arms of the legendary King Arthur. A modern crest badge, suitable for wear by a member of Clan Arthur contains the chief's heraldic crest and heraldic motto. The chief's crest is "two branches of bay in orle, proper". The chief's heraldic motto is "FIDE ET OPERA" which translates from Latin as "by fidelity and work" or "by faith and work". The chief's slogan is "EISD O EISD" which translates from Scottish Gaelic to "Listen!, O Listen!". Several clan badges have been attributed to Clan Arthur. These include: Wild Thyme .
There are several tartans attributed to the MacArthurs. The most commonly used tartan today is the "MacArthur" tartan and was first published in the "Vestiarium Scoticum" in 1842. The "Vestiarium" was the work of the dubious "Sobieski Stuarts" and has been proven to be a forgery and a hoax. A group of MacArthurs from the Isle of Skye were hereditary pipers to the MacDonalds, and this tartan shares the same basic form of the MacDonald, Lord of the Isles tartan. Another MacArthur tartan is the "MacArthur of Milton Hunting" tartan. This tartan is considered the elder of MacArthur tartans and is similar to the Campbell tartan. The source of this tartan is "Wilson's '1823' Sample Book".

</doc>
<doc id="6929769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929769" title="Morwell Falcons">
Morwell Falcons



</doc>
<doc id="6929772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929772" title="2006 Detroit Lions season">
2006 Detroit Lions season

The Detroit Lions season was the franchise's 77th season in the National Football League (NFL). The season began with the team trying to improve on their 5–11 record in 2005; however, they regressed and finished with a 3–13 record.
The Lions started the 2006 season losing their first five games and six of their first seven. The Lions would not recover, as they never got over .500 during the season. The Lions would only get two wins in their first 15 games, both home wins against the Buffalo Bills and Atlanta Falcons, who both finished with losing records. The Lions went 1–6 against teams that finished with a winning record. From weeks 10 to 16, the Lions embarked on a 7-game losing streak to sit at 2–13, but in week 17, the Lions conclude their season by stunning the Dallas Cowboys in Dallas 39–31 – a loss that allowed the Philadelphia Eagles to win the NFC East. The lowest point of the season came in their Thanksgiving Day game against the Miami Dolphins. During the game, "Fire Millen" signs, which were a part of the "Fire Millen" movement in association with Lions general manager Matt Millen, were seen in the stands for portions of the game. All the while, fans chanting “Fire Millen” were heard all over the stadium. The Dolphins won the game 27–10.
Offseason.
On January 19, the Lions hired Rod Marinelli as the team's new head coach. From the Tony Dungy “coaching tree”, Marinelli had previously served as the defensive line coach and assistant coach for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. The new offensive coordinator, Mike Martz was brought in, and the following were selected in the NFL draft – linebacker Ernie Sims out of Florida State University and safety Daniel Bullocks out of the University of Nebraska. The rest of their picks included Wisconsin RB Brian Calhoun, Texas OT Jonathan Scott, West Virginia CB Alton McCann, Southern California Guard Fred Matua, and Tulane LB Anthony Cannon.
Regular season.
Week 1: vs. Seattle Seahawks.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan"
The Lions opened the regular season at home against the Seattle Seahawks on September 10. The Lions would score first on kicker Jason Hanson’s 44-yard field goal in the first quarter. However, in the second quarter, Seattle would get back in the game with kicker Josh Brown’s 20-yard and 51-yard field goals. After a scoreless third quarter, the Lions would tie in the fourth quarter with Hanson booting a 37-yard field goal, but Seattle got a last-second win with a 42-yard field goal in the closing seconds. With the season-opening loss, the Lions were 0–1.
Week 2: at Chicago Bears.
"at Soldier Field, Chicago, Illinois"
The Lions played their first road game of the year, as in Week 2, they played an NFC North battle against the Chicago Bears. From the get-go, the Lions trailed, as they allowed 24 first half points. It came in the form of opposing QB Rex Grossman’s 3-yard TD pass to TE John Gilmore and opposing kicker Robbie Gould’s 32-yard field goal in the first quarter. It also came in the form of a 41-yard TD pass to WR Bernard Berrian and a 31-yard TD pass to TE Desmond Clark. The Lions only score of the game came in the form of QB Jon Kitna getting a 1-yard QB sneak for a TD in the third quarter. The Bears put the game well-out of reach, as a 5-yard TD to TE John Gilmore later in the quarter and a 45-yard field goal by Gould in the fourth quarter sealed Detroit's fate. With the loss, the Lions dropped to 0–2.
Week 3: vs. Green Bay Packers.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan"
Hoping to get win #1, the Lions returned home for an NFC North battle with the Green Bay Packers. The game started off with a close first quarter, as QB Brett Favre threw his 400th career touchdown pass, by completing a short pass to rookie WR Greg Jennings who took the ball 75 yards for a touchdown. Detroit would tie the game up as QB Jon Kitna completed a 37-yard TD pass to RB Shawn Bryson. Green Bay would take the lead again as DB Marquand Manuel returned an interception 29 yards for a touchdown, but the Lions would tie the game again as Kitna completed a 42-yard TD pass to WR Roy Williams as time ran out of the quarter. In the second quarter, however, the Packers retook the lead for the only score of the period, as kicker Dave Rayner booted a 24-yard field goal. In the third quarter, both sides shared a touchdown with each other. Green Bay got a 5-yard TD pass to WR Donald Driver and Detroit got a 5-yard TD run by RB Kevin Jones. In the fourth quarter, the Packers got some distance, as Favre completed a 4-yard TD pass to RB Ahman Green. The Lions would get a 40-yard field goal by kicker Jason Hanson, but that would be as close as Detroit would get, as they dropped yet another game for the 2006 season as the team fell to 0–3.
Week 4: at St. Louis Rams.
"at the Edward Jones Dome, St. Louis, Missouri"
The Lions traveled to the Edward Jones Dome to take on the St. Louis Rams, where in this game, Lions Offensive Coordinator Mike Martz would go up against his former team. Detroit fell behind early, as kicker Jeff Wilkins nailed a 42-yard and a 19-yard field goal to give the Rams an early lead. The Lions would get a field goal of their own, as kicker Jason Hanson got a 29-yard field goal. However, before the end of the period, St. Louis increased their lead with QB Marc Bulger completing a 16-yard TD pass to rookie TE Joe Klopfenstein. In the second quarter, Detroit would start to rally, as QB Jon Kitna and WR Mike Furrey connected on two touchdown passes (a 1-yarder and a 10-yarder). The Rams would trail by 1 at halftime, as Wilkins got a 46-yard field goal to end the half as the score was 17 to 16 Lions. In the third quarter, the points continued to climb, St. Louis would regain the lead with Bulger completing a 16-yard TD pass to WR Torry Holt. The Lions would respond with Hanson getting a 20-yard field goal and RB Kevin Jones running 35 yards for a touchdown. However, RB Steven Jackson would help the Rams respond with a 1-yard TD run. In the fourth quarter, Detroit would score again as Jones got a 7-yard TD run. That would be as far as the Lions would get in the game, as the Rams scored 10 unanswered points to end the game, as Wilkins nailed a 47-yard field goal, and Bulger connected with WR Isaac Bruce on a 5-yard TD pass. With their loss, the Lions fell to 0–4.
Week 5: at Minnesota Vikings.
"at Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome, Minneapolis, Minnesota"
Still looking for their first win, the Lions flew to the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome for Week 5, as they played an NFC North match-up with the Minnesota Vikings. The Lions started off with a small deficit as Vikings kicker Ryan Longwell kicked a 26-yard field goal for the only score of the first quarter. In the second quarter, Detroit started to show some offensive dominance, as QB Jon Kitna ran 8 yards for a touchdown, while kicker Jason Hanson kicked a 53-yard field goal. In the third quarter, the Lions seemed to wrap up the victory as TE Dan Campbell caught a 12-yard TD pass for the only score of the period. The Lions fell apart in the fourth quarter, as Vikings QB Brad Johnson completed a 3-yard TD pass to WR Travis Taylor, Vikings LB Ben Leber recovered a fumble in Detroit's endzone for a touchdown, Longwell kicked a 20-yard field goal, and OLB E.J. Henderson returned an interception 45 yards for a touchdown. With their heart-breaking loss, the Lions dropped to 0–5 on the year.
Week 6: vs. Buffalo Bills.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan"
Still searching for their first win, the Lions returned home for a Week 6 match-up with the Buffalo Bills. In the first quarter, Detroit got off to a good start with kicker Jason Hanson kicking a 43-yard field goal and RB Kevin Jones getting a 7-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Buffalo started to catch up with QB J. P. Losman completing a 44-yard TD pass to WR Roscoe Parrish. Fortunately, the Lions responded with QB Jon Kitna throwing a 28-yard pass to WR Roy Williams. The Bills would get a 53-yard field goal by kicker Rian Lindell as time ran out on the half. After a scoreless third quarter, Hanson helped Detroit increase their lead with a 29-yard field goal. The Bills would get one last touchdown, as Losman completed a 4-yard TD pass to TE Ryan Neufeld. The Lions held on to finally acquire their first win of the year improving to 1–5.
Week 7: at New York Jets.
"at Giants Stadium, East Rutherford, New Jersey"
Hoping to build on their win over the Bills, the Lions flew to The Meadowlands and took on the New York Jets. From the get-go, Detroit trailed early as N.Y. RB Leon Washington got a 5-yard TD run, while QB Chad Pennington completed a 44-yard TD pass to WR Justin McCareins. In the second quarter, the Lions got on the board with QB Jon Kitna completing a 22-yard TD pass to WR Roy Williams. However, the Jets responded with RB Kevan Barlow running three yards for a touchdown. In the third quarter, New York continued to fly high as kicker Mike Nugent completed a 33-yard field goal. Even though Detroit would get another touchdown, with Kitna completing a 9-yard TD pass to RB Kevin Jones, the "Gang Green" would finish off the Lions with Washington's 16-yard TD run. With the loss, Detroit heads into its Bye Week at 1–6.
Week 9: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan"
Coming off their Bye Week, the Lions were at home for Week 9 as they faced the Atlanta Falcons. In the first quarter, the Lions got off to a fast start, as kicker Jason Hanson nailed a 28-yard field goal, while RB Kevin Jones ran 35 yards for a touchdown. Atlanta would reply with QB Michael Vick completing a 19-yard TD pass to TE Alge Crumpler. In the second quarter, Jones would get a 2-yard TD run for Detroit, while Falcons RB Warrick Dunn got a 1-yard TD run. In the third quarter, the Lions would start to gain huge momentum as Hanson nailed a 19-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Detroit put the game away with QB Jon Kitna completing a 60-yard TD pass to WR Roy Williams and Hanson kicking a 36-yard field goal. With the amazing upset victory, the Lions improved to 2–6.
Week 10: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan"
Hoping to build on their win over the Falcons, the Lions stayed at home for their match-up against the San Francisco 49ers. In the first quarter, the Lions trailed as Niners RB Frank Gore got a 61-yard TD run, while kicker Joe Nedney got a 28-yard field goal. In the second quarter, Nedmey helped San Francisco get a 23-yard field goal, while Lions kicker Jason Hanson got a 25-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Nedney gave the 49ers a 23-yard field goal, while Lions QB Jon Kitna threw an 8-yard TD pass to TE Dan Campbell. In the fourth quarter, Nedney helped the Niners get a 47-yard field goal, while the Lions could only get a 33-yard field goal by Hanson. With the loss, the Lions fell to 2–7.
Week 11: at Arizona Cardinals.
"at University of Phoenix Stadium, Glendale, Arizona"
Hoping to shake off their home loss to 49ers, the Lions traveled to the University of Phoenix Stadium for a match-up with the Arizona Cardinals. After a scoreless first quarter, the Lions trailed early as QB Matt Leinart hooked up with WR Bryant Johnson on a 2-yard TD pass, while kicker Neil Rackers kicked a 36-yard field goal. In the third quarter, things got more complicated for Detroit as Leinart ran the ball in on a 9-yard TD run. The Lions would finally get on the board with kicker Jason Hanson nailing a 32-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, even though Detroit would get a 2-yard TD run by RB Arlen Harris, Arizona's defense held the Lions long enough for the win. With the loss, Detroit would fall to 2–8.
Week 12: vs. Miami Dolphins.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan"
Trying to snap their two-game losing streak, the Lions went home for their match-up against the Miami Dolphins in the annual Thanksgiving Day game. In the first quarter, the Lions started off strong with QB Jon Kitna completing a 2-yard TD pass to TE Dan Campbell, while kicker Jason Hanson nailed a 52-yard field goal. The Dolphins would respond with QB Joey Harrington (who formerly played for the Lions) threw his first Thanksgiving Day TD pass in the form of an 8-yard TD pass to WR Marty Booker. From there, Miami took control for the rest of the game. In the second quarter, Harrington would throw a 5-yard TD pass to TE Randy McMichael for the only score of the period. In the third quarter, kicker Olindo Mare would nail a 42-yard field goal, while Harrington and Booker hooked up with each other again on a 19-yard TD pass. In the fourth quarter, Mare would kick a 28-yard field goal for the only score of the period, while the Dolphin defense ended up shutting down Detroit's offense. With the loss, the Lions ended up at 2–9.
The game also featured a “Super Bowl”-esque halftime show featuring John Fogerty, who also performed at the Denver Broncos/Kansas City Chiefs game.
Week 13: at New England Patriots.
"at Gillette Stadium, Foxboro, Massachusetts"
Trying to snap their three-game losing streak, the Lions flew to Gillette Stadium for a Week 13 fight with the New England Patriots. In the first quarter, Detroit trailed early as kicker Stephen Gostkowski nailed a 25-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Lions took the lead with QB Jon Kitna completing a 5-yard TD pass to WR Mike Furrey, while kicker Jason Hanson got a 29-yard field goal. However, New England would reclaim the lead with RB Corey Dillon’s 6-yard TD run and Gostkowski's 27-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Detroit came right back with Hanson's 38-yard and 49-yard field goal, while DE Jared DeVries sacked Pats QB Tom Brady in his endzone for a safety. In the fourth quarter, Hanson would kick a 26-yard field goal. However, their lead would vanish for good, as Dillon got a 2-yard TD run, which was followed up with Brady successfully completing a 2-point conversion pass to WR Troy Brown. Dillon would then wrap the game up with a 4-yard TD run. With their fourth-straight loss, the Lions fell to 2–10.
Week 14: vs. Minnesota Vikings.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan"
Trying to snap a four-game skid, the Lions went home for an NFC North rematch with the Minnesota Vikings. In the first quarter, the Lions trailed as Vikings RB Artose Pinner (a former Lion) got a 3-yard and a 4-yard TD run. In the second quarter, Detroit's struggles continued as Vikes QB Brad Johnson got a 3-yard TD run, yet the 2-point conversion failed. Afterwards, the Lions finally got on the board with DB Jamar Fletcher returning an interception 88 yards for a touchdown, while kicker Jason Hanson nailed a 53-yard field goal. In the third quarter, Detroit held Minnesota to a 30-yard field goal by kicker Ryan Longwell, while Hanson kicked a 45-yard field goal. In the fourth quarter, Pinner wrapped things up for the Vikings with a 1-yard TD run. Even though the Lions would get a touchdown, from QB Jon Kitna’s 23-yard strike to RB Kevin Jones, Detroit was plagued with 6 turnovers. They pulled within 10 in the 4th qtr and had a fourth and goal with less than four minutes to play. Needing two scores, inexplicably the Lions went for a touchdown and failed, thus killing any hope for a last minute victory. With their fifth-straight loss, the Lions fell to 2–11.
Week 15: at Green Bay Packers.
"at Lambeau Field, Green Bay, Wisconsin"
Still looking for their first road win of 2006 and trying to break a now five-game losing streak, the Lions went to Wisconsin to take on the Green Bay Packers. After the teams traded first-quarter field goals, the Packers took a 10–3 halftime lead thanks to a 14-yard TD run by Vernand Morency. Detroit closed to within a point with two more Jason Hanson field goals, but the Packers settled matters with another touchdown run by Morency, this one from 21 yards out with less than three minutes remaining. Packers quarterback Brett Favre broke Dan Marino’s career completions record during the contest, but also threw three interceptions. The Lions fell to 2–12 on the season, 0–7 away from Ford Field.
Week 16: vs. Chicago Bears.
"at Ford Field, Detroit, Michigan"
Trying to snap a six-game losing skid, the Lions returned home for an NFC North rematch the-now 2-time NFC North champion Chicago Bears. In the first quarter, the Bears struck first with kicker Robbie Gould nailing a 36-yard field goal. Afterwards, the Lions took the lead with QB Jon Kitna completing a 23-yard TD pass to TE Dan Campbell. In the second quarter, Chicago bounced back with QB Rex Grossman completing a 13-yard TD pass to WR Bernard Berrian. Afterwards, RB Adrian Peterson got a 2-yard TD run. In the third quarter, Detroit retook the lead with Kitna completing a 20-yard TD pass to WR Mike Furrey and a 2-yard TD pass to WR Roy Williams. However, in the fourth quarter, the inconsistency that continues to plague the Lions showed as the Bears won with Gould getting a 36-yard field goal, a 39-yard field goal, and a 44-yard field goal and on a dropped pass by Mike Williams in the endzone on the last play of the game. With their seventh-straight loss, the Lions fell to 2–13 as they were swept by their division rivals.
Week 17: at Dallas Cowboys.
"at Texas Stadium, Irving, Texas"
Trying to end their season on a high note, the Lions played their last game of the year at Texas Stadium against the Dallas Cowboys, where Detroit won 39–31. Jon Kitna threw four touchdown passes. An impressive last-second comeback drive by the Cowboys saw Dallas QB Tony Romo be denied of what could have been the tying score, as he attempted to scramble into the end zone, but was tackled at the Detroit 2. The Lions finished 3–13 on the season, finishing ahead of only the Oakland Raiders, who finished 2–14, and received the second overall pick in the 2007 NFL draft. They later used this pick on Calvin Johnson, Wide Receiver of the Georgia Institute of Technology.

</doc>
<doc id="6929776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929776" title="Eastern Pride">
Eastern Pride



</doc>
<doc id="6929777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929777" title="Christoph Preuß">
Christoph Preuß

Christoph Preuß (born 4 July 1981) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender or defensive midfielder.
Career.
Preuß was born in Gießen, Hesse, and raised in the Hessian town of Linden. He played for local side TSV Großen-Linden, before moving to Eintracht Frankfurt in the 2005–06 season.
In the 2006–07 campaign he was injured for almost the whole first half of the season. On 17 March 2007, he secured a 1–0 victory against Bayern Munich with a spectacular bicycle kick goal which earned Preuß the Goal of the Month award and finished second in the Goal of the Year poll. Later, he was plagued with injuries. After coming back from a two-year injury he appeared three times in the Bundesliga for Eintracht Frankfurt but was injured once again. On 28 January 2010, he announced his retirement from professional football.
International career.
He was an under-17 national and played for all DFB youth teams up to the under-21 team.

</doc>
<doc id="6929779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929779" title="Slaughter (Canada)">
Slaughter (Canada)



</doc>
<doc id="6929789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929789" title="Frederick Charles Frank">
Frederick Charles Frank



</doc>
<doc id="6929791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929791" title="Czechoslovak State Railways">
Czechoslovak State Railways

Czechoslovak State Railways ("Československé státní dráhy" in Czech or "Československé štátne dráhy" in Slovak, often abbreviated to ČSD) was the state-owned railway company of Czechoslovakia.
The company was founded in 1918 after the end of the First World War and dissolution of Austria-Hungary. It took over the rolling stock and infrastructure of the Imperial Royal Austrian State Railways. 
In 1930 Czechoslovakia had of railways: the fifth-largest network in Europe. Of these 81% were state (ČSD)-owned, and the trend was to nationalize the remaining private railways. Most of the infrastructure was concentrated in the industrial regions of the Czech lands. 87% of the railroads were single-track. 135,000 people were employed on the railways: about 1% of the population.
When Nazi Germany dissolved Czechoslovakia in 1939, the Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia formed the "Bohemian-Moravian Railway" company (in Czech "Českomoravské dráhy-ČMD", in German "Böhmisch-Mährische Bahn-BMB") under the control of Deutsche Reichsbahn (DR). In the Slovak State, the "Slovak Railways" company (in Slovak "Slovenské železnice-SŽ") was formed.
In 1945, ČSD was re-established.
After the dissolution of Czechoslovakia at the end of 1992, the company was divided into the state-owned České dráhy (Czech Railways) and Železnice Slovenskej republiky (Railways of the Slovak Republic). The fixed infrastructure was transferred to the successor countries according to location; the remainder was divided by 2:1 ratio.

</doc>
<doc id="6929800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929800" title="Eastern Pride FC">
Eastern Pride FC



</doc>
<doc id="6929801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929801" title="State Route 78 (Virginia 1946)">
State Route 78 (Virginia 1946)



</doc>
<doc id="6929807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929807" title="Spotted wobbegong">
Spotted wobbegong

The spotted wobbegong (Orectolobus maculatus) is a carpet shark in the family Orectolobidae, endemic to Australia. It is a large, robust species, typically reaching in length. Coloured green, yellow, or brown, it has distinctive O-shaped spots throughout its body. It is nocturnal, resting at day and feeding on fish and invertebrates at night. An ovoviviparous species, the spotted wobbegong gives birth in the spring, during which time males can act aggressively towards other males and females. It has been known to bite humans, sometimes unprovoked, which can produce severe wounds. The species is fished commercially in Australia, but it is not severely threatened. It is listed as a least-concern species on the IUCN Red List.
Taxonomy.
The species was described by Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre in 1778. He classified it in the genus "Squalus", with the full scientific name of "Squalus maculatus". Bonnaterre redescribed the species in 1788 in "Orectolobus", its current genus, making its full scientific name "Orectolobus maculatus", with "Squalus maculatus" now a synonym of it. Other synonyms of the species include "Squalus barbatus" , "Squalus lobatus" , "Squalus appendiculatus" , and "Squalus labiatus" . The spotted wobbegong's genus name is based on the Greek words "orektos" and "lobos", and translates roughly to "stretched out lobe". Its specific name, "maculatus", means "spotted" in Latin, named as such for the spotted pattern of its body. Alternate common names in English for the species include carpet shark, common carpet shark, common catshark, tassel shark, and wobbegong.
The spotted wobbegong has previously been synonymised with "Orectolobus parvimaculatus", the dwarf spotted wobbegong, in Western Australia. However, the spotted wobbegong has smaller and less dense dorsal fins, which lack the black markings that the dwarf spotted wobbegong's dorsal fins have, differentiating the two fishes. Therefore, the two wobbegongs are classified as two separate species. The spotted wobbegong has been confused with the Gulf wobbegong ("Orectolobus hatei") in New South Wales, but the white marks of the spotted wobbegong, as well as its greater number of dermal lobes, distinguish the two species. It is also frequently confused with the ornate wobbegong ("Orectolobus ornatus").
The following diagram shows the relationship between the spotted wobbegong and five other selected species in the genus "Orectolobus":
Description.
The spotted wobbegong has a large, robust body, which thins beyond its pelvic fins. It grows in the range of , but can reach . It is green, yellow, or brown in colour, with a darker back and darker saddles. It is covered with O-shaped spots, which distinguish it from other species that look similar to it. It has six to ten dermal lobes behind and in front of its eye and a tubercle above its eye. Its body lacks ridges or caudal keels. Other characteristics of the species include dermal flaps surrounding the rim of its mouth, large barbels extending from its nostrils, and large spiracles.
Like other sharks, the spotted wobbegong has abundant pores that operate as electroreceptors in its skin. They are used to detect the electric fields of nearby animals, making it easier to find prey. "Marine &amp; Freshwater Research", a peer-reviewed scientific journal, studied and compared the electroreceptors of the spotted wobbegong to those of the Australian angelshark ("Squatina australis"), a distantly related shark species. The spotted wobbegong has a more complex electrosensory system than the Australian angelshark, and the spotted wobbegong has a pore cluster inside its snout that is not present in the Australian angelshark. For both species, these electroreceptors are an important mechanism in feeding.
Ecology.
A nocturnal species, the spotted wobbegong feeds at night and rests in sandy bottoms, coral reefs, and coastal bays in the day. Adults most commonly occur on algae-covered rocky reefs and meadows of sea grass or sand, while juveniles are mostly found in estuaries. Because of the species' colour pattern, it camouflages well on rocky bottoms. Although it has not been confirmed, the species may always return to a single site repeatedly throughout its life. Its diet consists of fishes, including luderick, scorpionfishes, sea basses, other smaller shark species (including individuals of their own species), and rays, and various invertebrates, such as crabs, lobsters, and octopuses. Like all wobbegongs, it has a short mouth and broad pharynx, which allow it to suck up prey more easily. The species' prey have been known to wander right up to it, including near its mouth, sometimes nibbling its tentacles.
The spotted wobbegong gathers in groups. The selection of specimens in a group was previously thought to be at random or due to food advantages, but a study led by Macquarie University concluded that spotted wobbegongs associate with preferred partners for "social" purposes, and some specimens do not associate at all. The study occurred in a small marine reserve over a 15-month period. Out of the 15 tagged and observed specimens, 14 associated with more than one individual, and sex, size, or familiarity did not affect the association of groups. Rob Harcourt, a researcher, stated "What we found was that sharks were interacting in a much more complex way than we predicted".
Females give birth in the spring, after a gestation period of almost a year. The species exhibits ovoviviparity, with embryos developing inside their mother's body until ready to hatch. Litters typically contain between 20–37 individuals. Male wobbegongs in Sydney, likely including this species, fight with other males in the breeding season. Males have also been observed to bite females during courtship. Young are long directly after hatching and males become sexually mature when they reach roughly .
Distribution.
The spotted wobbegong is endemic to Australia, usually living in tropical waters no deeper than . 38 specimens caught from 1882 to 1995 were found in waters deep. Sightings have been reported in Queensland, Victoria, South Australia, and Western Australia, in the western Pacific Ocean and eastern Indian Ocean. Records are also known of the species living in Tasmania and the Northern Territory, but these are likely to be invalid. Some records have misidentified other fish species living in Japan and the South China Sea as this species.
The species' primary threat in eastern Australia is fishing for commercial purposes. Its flesh is edible and has thus caused it to be a target of fishing. In Queensland, it is sometimes caught as a bycatch but is not fished for intentionally. Its skin has been utilised for decorating historically, but whether it is utilised in such a way currently is unknown. Multiple conservation actions have taken place for this species, particularly since 2006. It is unknown if its population is decreasing or increasing, but it is not severely fragmented as of 2015. It is listed as a species of least concern on the red list of the International Union for Conservation of Nature as of 23 March 2015, after having been assessed as near threatened in 2003 and 2009.
Relationship with humans.
Bite.
Although the spotted wobbegong is generally docile with humans, it is sometimes aggressive with them. Its defence mechanism is a bite, which can cause severe wounds due to the species' tendency to hold its bite for a long time. Reports are known of it attacking people if they step on it or put a limb near its mouth. Divers sometimes pull it by the tail during its daytime resting period, which often provokes it enough to bite. The species can attack if caught with a fishing line or net, or if speared. In one circumstance, a spotted wobbegong specimen bit off a fisherman's foot. It may also attack a human holding a speared or hooked fish, as well as the fish itself. In 1789, Arthur Phillip, the first governor of New South Wales, wrote about the spotted wobbegong, which he called "Watts's Shark", in his book "Voyage to Botany Bay". He said that it ferociously attacked the dog of "Mr. Watts":
There have been reports of unprovoked attacks on humans, including divers well above the bottom, while Compagno noted of such reports that "it is often difficult to determine which species was involved or what the precise circumstances were that led to the incident". The International Shark Attack File lists 4 unprovoked attacks, known to be by the spotted wobbegong, none of which were fatal. In total, the Australian Shark Attack File has recorded 51 instances where the unprovoked attack, on a human was confirmed to be by any species of wobbegong shark in the years 1900 to 2009, none of which were fatal. Reports of wobbegongs biting boats are known in literature, but it has not been confirmed that these attacks were by the spotted wobbegong in particular.
Conservation status.
The spotted wobbegong was nominated for listing under the EPBC Act as a vulnerable species in 2013, but the nomination was rejected. Threats to wobbegong include trawl fishing, beach seines, gillnets, lobster pots and traps, targeting by hook-and-line and spearfishing.
Circa 2013, the IUCN Red List described the species as vulnerable in the waters of New South Wales and Near Threatened in Australian waters. Spotted wobbegongs are bycatch species in various fisheries and are allowed to be fished by recreational fishers in some Australian states, as per the table below:

</doc>
<doc id="6929810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929810" title="Orectolobus maculatus">
Orectolobus maculatus



</doc>
<doc id="6929820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929820" title="1954 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1954 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1954 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 2, 1954, to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. George Bell Timmerman won the Democratic primary and ran unopposed in the general election becoming the 105th governor of South Carolina.
Democratic primary.
Candidates.
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor in the summer of 1954. George Bell Timmerman was the current Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina and only faced nominal opposition in the Democratic primary.
General election.
The general election was held on November 2, 1954, and George Bell Timmerman was elected the next governor of South Carolina without opposition. Turnout was much higher than the previous gubernatorial election because there was an extremely competitive Senate race on the ballot, featuring former governor Strom Thurmond.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6929825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929825" title="In the Shadow of No Towers">
In the Shadow of No Towers

In the Shadow of No Towers is a 2004 work of comics by American cartoonist Art Spiegelman. It is about Spiegelman's reaction to the September 11 attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001. It was originally serialized as a comic strip in the German newspaper from 2002 until 2004, and was collected as an oversized board book in 2004 with early American comic strips as supplementary material.
In 2011, Mode Records released a 5.1 multichannel DVD recording (Mode 236) of Spiegelman's book, including some of his text and artwork in the booklet, with music by Marco Cappelli, and narration by John Turturro and Enzo Salomone.
Overview.
The book evolved from Spiegelman's experiences during the September 11 terrorist attacks. Spiegelman has said that the book was a way to reclaim himself from the post-traumatic stress disorder he suffered after the attacks.
It also has many references to Spiegelman's "Maus" comics, for example one in which Art said that the smoke in Manhattan smelled just like Vladek said the smoke in the concentration camps smelled. The Spiegelman narrator often switches to a depiction of himself in mouse form.
It was published by the German newspaper after Spiegelman was unable to secure publication in any major American outlet. In Britain, excerpts were published in "The Independent". The comic was serialised in full in the "London Review of Books" from March-September 2003. A segment also appeared in 2004 as part of the Actus Tragicus comics album "Dead Herring Comics".
In 2004, the series of ten strips and a supplement of reprints of turn-of-the-20th-century comic strips such as "The Katzenjammer Kids" and "The Yellow Kid" were collected and published together as a book by Viking Books. "In the Shadow of No Towers" was selected by "The New York Times" as one of the 100 Notable Books of 2004.
In popular culture.
"In the Shadow of No Towers" is the inspiration for a symphony by Mohammed Fairouz.

</doc>
<doc id="6929829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929829" title="Economy of ukraine">
Economy of ukraine



</doc>
<doc id="6929832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929832" title="Tom Riley (actor)">
Tom Riley (actor)

Tom Riley (born 5 April 1981) is an English actor, producer, and director.
Early life.
Riley was born in Maidstone, Kent, England. He became involved in drama in his hometown at the age of four, and spent his school years writing and directing plays. He attended Maidstone Grammar School. He studied English literature and Drama at the University of Birmingham, graduating in 2002 with first class honours, and graduated from the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art (LAMDA) in 2005. After his undergraduate studies, he formed the theater company Article 19, and while attending the LAMDA began working with the Royal Court Theatre company, appearing in the play "The Woman Before".
Career.
In 2008 Riley performed alongside Indira Varma and Anton Lesser in the UK premiere of David Hare's "The Vertical Hour", directed by Jeremy Herrin at The Royal Court Theatre, London.
Riley made his Broadway debut in 2011, in a revival of Tom Stoppard's "Arcadia".
Personal life.
In May 2016, Riley became engaged to American actress Lizzy Caplan. They had met in January 2015 while Caplan was filming in London, and made their red carpet debut as a couple at the Prague Opera Ball in February 2016. They were married in September 2017, and their son was born in 2021.

</doc>
<doc id="6929842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929842" title="Sumeragi">
Sumeragi

 is a Japanese surname indicating relation to the Imperial House.

</doc>
<doc id="6929851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929851" title="Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Animation">
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Animation

Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Animation (shortened to MGM Animation) was an American animation division of Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, that specializes in animated productions for theatrical features and television, and based in Hollywood, California. It was founded in 1993 and primarily involved in producing children's entertainment based upon MGM's ownership of intellectual properties, such as "The Pink Panther", "The Lionhearts", "The Secret of NIMH", and "All Dogs Go to Heaven". 
The studio's founders, Paul Sabella and Jonathan Dern, left the studio in 1999 and founded SD Entertainment. The studio has been dormant since 2002, following the 2000 release of their last production "Tom Sawyer".

</doc>
<doc id="6929854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929854" title="List of Northern Ireland ministers, government departments and executive agencies">
List of Northern Ireland ministers, government departments and executive agencies

A list of Northern Ireland government departments, their agencies and their ministers and related organisations.
The devolved government of Northern Ireland (the Northern Ireland Executive) is responsible for most public services in the region but some services are also provided by the United Kingdom Government and cross-border bodies under the North/South Ministerial Council. Public bodies take several forms with some reporting directly to their department (agencies) and others operating having more independence as they advise government (non-departmental public bodies).
Below the regional tier of public bodies, public services are also provided by 11 local authorities, one educational authority and five health and social care trusts. Others are accountable directly to the Northern Ireland Assembly or to external organisations, like the European Union.
Ministers.
Northern Ireland Executive
United Kingdom Government
UK Government.
The following departments of the United Kingdom government and UK-wide public bodies operate in Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland Office (NIO)
The NIO is the UK department responsible for Northern Ireland affairs and is led by the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, who represents Northern Ireland interests at Cabinet level. It is responsible for the following public bodies:
Executive agencies (by department)
Non-departmental public bodies (outside NIO, by department)
Non-ministerial departments (answerable to Parliament)
Other regulators
Defence and security services
Public bodies operating from Great Britain
Several public bodies have a UK-wide remit for reserved and excepted matters in Northern Ireland but operate from Great Britain.
North/South Ministerial Council.
The North/South Ministerial Council (NSMC) consists of Northern Ireland Executive and Irish Government ministers, and is designed to encourage co-operation between the two jurisdictions on Ireland. The similar British-Irish Council, which consists of ministers from all countries of the British Isles (also known as Britain and Ireland), has no related public bodies.
NSMC cross-border bodies:

</doc>
<doc id="6929855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929855" title="2006 New Orleans Saints season">
2006 New Orleans Saints season

The 2006 season was the New Orleans Saints' 40th in the National Football League (NFL).
The season began with the team returning to New Orleans after a year in exile from the city, and trying to improve on their 3–13 record in 2005. All of the team's 2006 regular season home games were played in the Louisiana Superdome, which had been unplayable for the entire 2005 season after being damaged during Hurricane Katrina. Led by a new coach, Sean Payton, and a new quarterback, Drew Brees, the Saints enjoyed their most successful season up to that time, reaching the playoffs for the first time since 2000 and the NFC Championship Game for the first time in franchise history.
After a poor season for Aaron Brooks, he was released and eventually signed with the Oakland Raiders. This called for Drew Brees to take his place permanently, after his stint with the San Diego Chargers, which led to an injury last season.
Offseason.
On January 17, the Saints made their first step in the 2006 offseason by hiring Sean Payton, the former assistant head coach for the Dallas Cowboys, as their new head coach.
On March 14, 2006, the Saints signed former Chargers quarterback Drew Brees, a free agent, to a six-year deal. 
Return to New Orleans.
The NFL announced on February 5, 2006, that the Superdome would reopen on September 24 when the Saints hosted the Atlanta Falcons.
Sites for the team's 2006 preseason games were announced on March 23. They were Shreveport, Louisiana, for an August 21 game against the Dallas Cowboys, and Jackson, Mississippi, for an August 26 game against the Indianapolis Colts.
On April 6 the Saints released their 2006 schedule. All home games were scheduled to be played at the Superdome. The home opener against the Atlanta Falcons was moved from September 24 to September 25 and was shown on ESPN's Monday Night Football.
NFL draft.
In the 2006 NFL Draft, the Saints used their first pick (the second pick overall) on USC running back Reggie Bush, the 2005 Heisman Trophy winner. Bush had been passed over by the Houston Texans, who instead selected North Carolina State defensive end Mario Williams with the first overall pick.
Regular season.
Week 1: at Cleveland Browns.
The Saints opened the regular season on the road against the Cleveland Browns on September 10. In the first half, kicker John Carney provided all of the Saints' first 9 points. He put up a 43-yarder in the first, along with a 25 and a 21-yarder in the second quarter. In the third quarter, the Browns offense finally got going as Cleveland quarterback Charlie Frye hooked up with TE Kellen Winslow on an 18-yard touchdown pass. The Saints responded with a 12-yard touchdown pass from quarterback Drew Brees to WR Marques Colston. In the fourth quarter, the Browns came close with Frye getting a 1-yard touchdown run. However, the Saints put the game away with Carney kicking a 20-yard FG to give the Saints the win.
Despite not scoring a touchdown, RB Reggie Bush had a sound NFL debut, as he ran 14 times for 61 yards, caught 8 passes for 58 yards, and returned three punts for 22 Yards. In total, he piled up 141 all-purpose yards.
Week 2: at Green Bay Packers.
For Week 2, the Saints traveled to take on the Packers at Green Bay's Lambeau Field, where they had lost 52-3 last season. The Saints trailed in the first quarter, on a 22-yard touchdown pass to opposing WR Greg Jennings and two Dave Rayner field goals (a 24-yarder and a 36-yarder). The Saints began their scoring in the second quarter, as RB Deuce McAllister got a 3-yard touchdown run and quarterback Drew Brees threw a 26-yard touchdown strike to WR Devery Henderson. In the third quarter, the punishing continued, as kicker John Carney kicked a 45 and a 47-yard field goal to further New Orleans' lead. In the fourth quarter, Green Bay tried to come back with quarterback Brett Favre throwing a 4-yard pass to WR Robert Ferguson. The Saints managed to put the game away with a 25-yard touchdown pass to WR Marques Colston and a 23-yard run by McAllister. The Packers scored once more, on a 6-yard touchdown pass to RB Noah Herron, but the damage was done.
Week 3: vs. Atlanta Falcons.
Riding high from their two-straight road wins, the Saints returned home to the Louisiana Superdome for the first time since December 26, 2004 for a special Monday Night game against their fellow NFC South division rival, the Atlanta Falcons, in front of a jubilant sold-out crowd of 70,003 and ESPN's largest-ever audience, with about 10.8 million households viewing, at the time the second-largest cable audience in history (behind the 1993 North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) debate between Al Gore and Ross Perot on CNN).
On just the fourth overall play of the game, Safety Steve Gleason blocked a punt and DB Curtis Deloatch managed to land on the ball in the end zone for the Saints first score of the game. (At this point, the game paused to allow the cameras to show the crowd cheering for a few minutes.) Former Saints kicker Morten Andersen helped Atlanta get its only score of the game, from a 26-yard field goal. From there, the Saints dominated the rest of the game. For the final score of the first quarter, WR Devery Henderson ran 11 yards for a touchdown on a reverse. Kicker John Carney provided the scoring for the rest of the game, as he kicked two-second-quarter field goals (a 37-yarder and a 51-yarder), and one third-quarter field goal (a 20-yarder) to essentially wrap up the game. From there, the Saints defense continued to put pressure on Falcons quarterback Michael Vick, as they sacked him five times, while limiting the running duo of Vick and Dunn to just a combined total of 101 rushing yards. With their dominating performance, the Saints took the lead in the NFC South with a 3–0 record.
Green Day and U2 performed jointly on the field before the game, while the Goo Goo Dolls held a concert outside the Dome earlier in the evening. Former President George H. W. Bush, who won the Republican nod for the presidency in the Superdome back in 1988, was part of the coin toss ceremony.
Week 4: at Carolina Panthers.
Following their dominant home game at the Louisiana Superdome, the Saints traveled to Bank of America Stadium for an NFC South battle with the Carolina Panthers. From the get-go, the Saints trailed early, as quarterback Jake Delhomme completed a 9-yard touchdown pass to WR Steve Smith for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Saints managed to get a field goal, as kicker John Carney nailed one from 31 yards out. After a scoreless third quarter, RB Deuce McAllister managed to help New Orleans take the lead, as he got a 3-yard touchdown run. That was the only time that the Saints saw the lead, as the Panthers slashed away, with Delhomme completing a 4-yard pass to WR Drew Carter and RB DeShaun Foster running 43 yards for a touchdown. New Orleans tried to come back, as quarterback Drew Brees completed an 86-yard touchdown pass to WR Marques Colston, but that was as close as they got, as Carolina held on to win, while the Saints got their first loss of the year dropping to 3–1.
Week 5: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The second game back in the Superdome was not marked by the media attention of the Saints' home opener, but fans in attendance were not disappointed. The sold-out crowd was treated to a dramatic contest between the Saints and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Though Tampa Bay proved to be a formidable opponent despite their season-long losing streak, the Saints won 24–21. The win was capped off by a fourth quarter punt return by Saints rookie Reggie Bush. Prior to the play, Bush roused the notoriously raucous New Orleans audience to their feet; by the time the ball was snapped, the cheers had reached a tremendous level. The noise only increased as Bush raced past the Bucs' special teams for 65 yards and scored the game-winning touchdown, his first as an NFL player. After the game, the traditional "Who Dat?" cheer was punctuated by spontaneous chants of "Reggie, Reggie" as the Saints claimed their fourth win of the season while improving to 4–1.
Week 6: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
Hoping to build on their win over Tampa Bay, the Saints stayed at home for a Week 6 fight with the Philadelphia Eagles. In the first quarter, New Orleans jumped out to an early lead with kicker John Carney kicking a 39-yard field goal and quarterback Drew Brees completing a 14-yard touchdown pass to WR Joe Horn. In the second quarter, Philadelphia got on the board with a 47-yard field goal by David Akers. The Saints managed to further themselves, as Brees completed a 7-yard touchdown pass to WR Marques Colston. However, in the third quarter, the Eagles started to get back into the game, as quarterback Donovan McNabb completed two touchdown passes (a 60-yarder to WR Reggie Brown and a 4-yard to TE L.J. Smith). In the fourth quarter, Philadelphia took the lead on a 15-yard touchdown run by Brown. After Brees completed a 48-yard touchdown pass to Horn, Carney helped give New Orleans the win as he kicked a 31-yard field goal as time ran out on the game. With the win, the Saints maintained their lead in the NFC South with a 5–1 record going into their bye week.
Week 8: vs. Baltimore Ravens.
Coming off their bye week, the Saints stayed at home for their Week 8 fight with the visiting Baltimore Ravens. From the get-go, New Orleans trailed as quarterback Steve McNair got a 5-yard touchdown run for the only score of the quarter. In the second quarter, things only got worse for the Saints, as McNair completed a 4-yard touchdown pass to WR Clarence Moore, while rookie DB Ronnie Prude returned an interception 12 yards for a touchdown. New Orleans got on the board, as quarterback Drew Brees completed a 32-yard touchdown pass to WR Joe Horn, yet Baltimore increased their lead with McNair completing a 6-yard touchdown pass to TE Todd Heap. In the third quarter, the Ravens got another 12-yard touchdown interception return with rookie Strong Safety Dawan Landry making the pick for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, the Saints tried to mount a comeback, as Brees completed a 47-yard touchdown pass and a 25-yard touchdown pass to rookie WR Marques Colston. However, the Saints comeback drive ended there, as New Orleans fell to 5–2.
Week 9: at Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Hoping to rebound from their home loss to the Ravens, the Saints flew to Raymond James Stadium for an NFC South rematch with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. In the first quarter, quarterback Drew Brees completed a 15-yard touchdown pass to rookie WR Marques Colston and a 52-yard touchdown pass to WR Devery Henderson. In the second quarter, kicker John Carney made a 46-yard field goal to give New Orleans a 17–0 lead. Yet, the Bucs started to fight back, as quarterback Bruce Gradkowski completed two touchdown passes to WR Joey Galloway (a 44-yarder and a 17-yarder). In the third quarter, the Saints took over, as RB Deuce McAllister completed a 3-yard touchdown run, while Brees completed a 45-yard touchdown pass to Henderson. After a scoreless fourth quarter, New Orleans got the sweep over Tampa Bay and improved to 6–2.
Week 10: at Pittsburgh Steelers.
Coming off their sweeping win over the Bucs, the Saints flew to Heinz Field for a match-up with the defending Super Bowl champion Pittsburgh Steelers. In the first quarter, the Saints trailed early as quarterback Ben Roethlisberger completed a 37-yard touchdown pass to WR Hines Ward and a 2-yard touchdown pass to TE Heath Miller. Afterwards, New Orleans got on the board with quarterback Drew Brees completing a 3-yard touchdown pass to WR Terrance Copper. In the second quarter, the Saints started to take command as kicker John Carney completed a 20-yard field goal, while rookie RB Reggie Bush got a 15-yard touchdown run on a reverse. Pittsburgh got a 32-yard field goal from kicker Jeff Reed, but New Orleans responded with RB Deuce McAllister getting a 4-yard touchdown run. In the third quarter, the Steelers started to fight back as Roethlisberger completed a 38-yard touchdown pass to WR Cedrick Wilson for the only score of the period. In the fourth quarter, RB Willie Parker followed up two 70+ yard runs with a 3-yard and a 4-yard touchdown run to give Pittsburgh the lead. The Saints tried to fight back with McAllister getting a 4-yard touchdown run, but Pittsburgh held on to win. With the loss, the Saints fell to 6–3.
Week 11: vs. Cincinnati Bengals.
Coming off a road loss to the Steelers, the Saints went home for an interconference fight with the Cincinnati Bengals. In the first quarter, Cincinnati struck first with quarterback Carson Palmer completing a 41-yard touchdown pass to WR Chad Johnson. Afterwards, New Orleans responded with quarterback Drew Brees completing a 72-yard touchdown pass to WR Joe Horn. In the second quarter, the Bengals took the lead with kicker Shayne Graham getting a 21-yard field goal for the only score of the period. After a scoreless third quarter, kicker John Carney began the fourth quarter with 24-yard field goal. However, things went downhill with Cincinnati's most dominant part of the game. Palmer completed a 60-yard touchdown pass and a 4-yard touchdown pass to Chad, while rookie DB Ethan Kilmer returned an interception 52 yards for a touchdown. Afterwards, New Orleans could only muster a 27-yard touchdown pass from Brees to WR Terrance Copper. With the loss, the Saints fell to 6–4.
Week 12: at Atlanta Falcons.
Trying to snap a two-game skid, the Saints flew to the Georgia Dome for an NFC South rematch with the Atlanta Falcons. In the first quarter, New Orleans started off strong with quarterback Drew Brees completing a 76-yard touchdown pass to WR Devery Henderson, while RB Deuce McAllister got a 1-yard touchdown run. Afterwards, Falcons kicker Morten Andersen completed a 22-yard field goal for Atlanta. In the second quarter, Andersen made a 30-yard field goal, while on the final play of the half, Brees threw a spectacular 48-yard "Hail Mary" touchdown pass to WR Terrance Copper. In the third quarter, Atlanta tried to fight back, as RB Warrick Dunn got a 1-yard touchdown run for the only score of the quarter. In the fourth quarter, New Orleans managed to put the game away with kicker John Carney completing a 25-yard field goal and McAllister getting a 9-yard touchdown run. With the season sweep over the Falcons, the Saints improved to 7–4.
Week 13: vs. San Francisco 49ers.
Attempting to capitalize on their decisive victory at Atlanta, a revitalized Saints team entered the game with high hopes. In the first quarter, 49ers kicker Joe Nedney kicked a 29-yarder for the 49ers only score of the half. Reggie Bush exploded in the second quarter with a 1-yard run touchdown and, after an interception returned to the 7-yard line by Mike McKenzie, a sneak-around touchdown late in the quarter. Coming into the third quarter, Alex Smith completed a 48-yard touchdown pass to Antonio Bryant, but that was the final score for the 49ers. After a John Carney field goal, Reggie Bush took hold of a five-yard shovel pass from Drew Brees and scored his third touchdown of the night. In the fourth quarter, Bush ran down the sidelines and appeared to be heading for a fourth touchdown after a quick pass that he turned into a 74-yarder, but he fumbled the ball out of bounds. However, he scored on a ten-yard run a few plays later, and kicker John Carney sent the game away with a 33-yard field goal. With the win, the Saints improve to 8–4.
Week 14: at Dallas Cowboys.
After a spectacular offensive performance all around by the Saints against the 49ers, they headed to Dallas to face off against their NFC rivals the Cowboys. The Cowboys started off strong with a 77-yard Julius Jones run, but they were silent for the rest of the quarter. In the second quarter, a shaky Saints team suddenly scored on all three of their drives: a 2-yard run from Mike Karney, a 3-yard pass from Drew Brees to Karney, and a 27-yard pass from Brees to WR Jamal Jones; and to cap it all off, Dallas kicker Martin Gramatica missed a field goal at the end of the half. A surprising Saints team stymied the Cowboys to a field goal by Gramatica, and Reggie Bush quickly answered with a 61-yard catch for a touchdown. Terrell Owens answered with a 34-yard touchdown catch. Mike Karney struck again with a 6-yard catch, and after a challenge by Sean Payton it was ruled a touchdown. The Saints recovered an onside kick at the 40, and Devery Henderson caught a 42-yard pass and crawled in for a touchdown. With the blowout against the Cowboys, the Saints improved to 9–4 and were one game away from clinching the NFC South. Mike Karney, who had three touchdowns, was dubbed "Mr. Touchdown" by Drew Brees.
Week 15: vs. Washington Redskins.
The Washington Redskins entered the game strongly, with a solid drive straight down the field, but blitz, a fumble, and a penalty all worked against the Redskins, and forced a 37-yard field goal. However, they stifled the Saints offense and scored a quick touchdown later. The Saints answered back with a touchdown from the goal line, and limit the Redskins to a field goal. The surprising Redskins offense was hindered in the second quarter, as were the Saints, but in the beginning of the fourth, the Saints opened up with a field goal, which the Redskins quickly answered. In a key play, the Saints converted a 4th-and-5 play late in the fourth quarter, down 16–10, which led to another key 16-yard throw on third down on the 2-minute warning. Reggie Bush made a dash to the twenty-yard line two plays later, and the Saints took their second time out with 1:01 left in the 4th quarter. On 4th and 8 with 53 seconds left, Carlos Rogers knocked the ball down and sealed the Saints' fate. With the loss, the Saints fell to 9–5, but because the Carolina Panthers fell to the Pittsburgh Steelers (along with the Atlanta Falcons falling to the Dallas Cowboys), they clinched the NFC South and a spot in the playoffs.
Week 16: at New York Giants.
Despite the loss the previous week, the Saints could clinch a first-round bye with a win and help. They entered the Meadowlands against a New York Giants team trying to gain momentum that could lead them to a playoff spot. Hoping they could capitalize off the Saints loss, the Giants' first drive saw a 55-yard touchdown pass from Eli Manning to Plaxico Burress. The Saints' offense opened with a three-and-out, but they successfully recovered their punt. A field goal narrowed the score to 7–3. A subsequent Saints drive ended with another field goal. With 10:30 left in the second quarter, the Saints directed a huge, time-eating drive that ended with a touchdown on fourth-down with just 1:56 left in the half. Seven minutes into the third quarter, Reggie Bush sped past the Giants' linebacker corps and scored on a one-yard touchdown, to lengthen the score to 20–7. In the middle of the third quarter, Reggie Bush returned a punt, fell onto his knees (but because nobody touched him he was not down by contact), and he then ran the ball in for a touchdown. However, a challenge revealed that the Giants' punter just barely nicked the leg of Bush, and he was ruled down by contact. Early in the fourth quarter, Deuce McAllister ran it in for the final touchdown of the day, and John Carney sealed it with a 38-yard field goal. The Saints defense was stout throughout the game, shutting out the Giants after their opening touchdown, and never allowing the Giants to run a play in their territory. With the win, the Saints improved to 10–5. The following day, the Dallas Cowboys fell to the revitalized, Jeff Garcia-led Philadelphia Eagles, and the Saints secured the #2 spot in the NFC, and a first-round bye.
Week 17: vs. Carolina Panthers.
The New Orleans Saints hosted the final game in their regular season against their NFC South Rivals, the Carolina Panthers at 12:00 Central Time in the Superdome. On December 29, 2006, the Friday before the game, the Saints announced several roster moves. Players, such as RB Jamaal Branch, were activated from the practice squad. It was widely speculated that this was to help give some of the full-time starters rest before the post-season. The Saints allowed the starters to play in the first drive on offense, which ended up in a quick touchdown, and for the first two plays of the second drive, before resting all of the starters. The head coach of the Saints, Sean Payton, did this to prevent injuries before the playoff game. The Carolina Panthers ended up scraping together a victory against the second and third stringers of the Saints 31–21.
Postseason.
NFC Divisional Round: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
Being in the divisional round for only the second time in franchise history, the second-seeded Saints began their playoff run against the third-seeded Philadelphia Eagles. With both teams coming into the game with the NFL's best offenses, the outlook was a high-scoring shootout. In the first quarter, New Orleans drew first blood with kicker John Carney nailing a 33-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Saints increased its lead with Carney kicking a 23-yard field goal. However, the Eagles took the lead with quarterback Jeff Garcia completing a 75-yard touchdown pass to former Saints wide receiver Donte' Stallworth. New Orleans retook the lead with rookie RB Reggie Bush ramming a 4-yard touchdown run; yet Philadelphia regained the lead with RB Brian Westbrook diving for a 1-yard touchdown run to exit the second quarter with a 14–13 lead. In the third quarter, the Eagles jabbed at the Saints' once-stoic running defense with another Westbrook touchdown run, this one for 62 yards. The Saints countered with RB Deuce McAllister shoving his way in with a 5-yard touchdown run; and finally, the Saints scored their final touchdown for the lead with a knockout 11-yard touchdown pass from Drew Brees to McAllister. In the fourth quarter, the Eagles drove down to the red zone and threatened to strike, but the Saints' defense stepped up and forced kicker David Akers to kick his only score for the Eagles, a 24-yard field goal. Suddenly it looked grim for the Saints when, on the ensuing drive, a pitch-out from Brees to Bush bounced off the running back's hands and the Eagles recovered. However, the Saints defense forced a 4th-and-10, and an 18-yard pass that seemed keep the Eagles alive was called back on a false start penalty. The Eagles punted with 1:39 remaining, and the Saints converted a first down on a run by McAllister to end the game.
During the game, the Saints made a franchise playoff record with 435 total yards of offense. Deuce McAllister gained a franchise playoff record 143 yards on 21 carries with 1 touchdown, along with 4 catches for 20 yards and 1 touchdown. Additionally, this is one of the very rare occasions where a team beats another in the same matchup in both the regular season and the playoffs with exactly the same score both times, as they won against the Eagles at home 27–24 in Week 6.
With the win, New Orleans improved its overall record to 11–6 and advanced to its first NFC Championship Game appearance in the team's 40-year franchise history, where they took on the Chicago Bears.
NFC Championship Game: at Chicago Bears.
Following their divisional win over the Eagles, the Saints flew to Soldier Field for their very first NFC Championship Game, where they took on the top-seeded Chicago Bears. In the first quarter, New Orleans trailed early with Bears kicker Robbie Gould getting a 19-yard field goal for the only score of the period. In the second quarter, the Saints continued to trail as Gould gave Chicago a 43-yard and a 23-yard field goal, while RB Thomas Jones got a 2-yard touchdown run. New Orleans managed to get some momentum for the second half as quarterback Drew Brees completed a 13-yard touchdown pass to rookie WR Marques Colston. In the third quarter, the Saints started to get more momentum as Brees completed an 88-yard touchdown pass to rookie RB Reggie Bush to make the score 16–14. However, that was as close as the Saints got, as the Bears took over the rest of the game, scoring 23 unanswered points. Brees was called for intentional grounding while in his own end zone, giving Chicago a safety and making the score 18-14 in favor of the Bears. In the fourth quarter, Chicago quarterback Rex Grossman completed a 33-yard touchdown pass to WR Bernard Berrian, Bears RB Cedric Benson scored a 12-yard touchdown run, and Jones wrapped up the game with a 15-yard touchdown run.
Pundits felt that the New Orleans' loss was that they were a "dome" team and were forced to play in snowy conditions while committing five turnovers (three lost fumbles, an interception, and one on downs).
With the loss, the Saints season ended with an overall record of 11–7. This is the last time until the 2020 season in which the Saints meet the Bears in the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="6929860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929860" title="Ottar Jarl">
Ottar Jarl

Jarl Ottar or Ottar Jarl (?-970s) was a jarl of Götaland who appears in the "Heimskringla" (the "Saga of Olaf Tryggvasson") and in the "Jomsvikinga Saga".
The "Jomsvikinga Saga" tells that Ottar was the maternal grandfather of Palnetoke, the Jomsviking.
In the "Heimskringla", Snorri Sturluson relates that Haakon Sigurdsson killed Jarl Ottar during an attack on Götaland for Harald Bluetooth.

</doc>
<doc id="6929863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929863" title="Pink Farm Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery">
Pink Farm Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery

Pink Farm Cemetery is a small Commonwealth War Graves Commission burial ground for the dead of World War I located near the village of Krithia on the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey. It contains the remains of some of the allied troops who died during the Battle of Gallipoli.
Sotiri Farm was named Pink Farm by the allied troops after the colour of the soil. Three cemeteries were constructed around the farm, and were combined on the site of Pink Farm Cemetery No 3, which contained 139 graves, after the Armistice and enlarged as bodies from other areas were brought to it.

</doc>
<doc id="6929866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929866" title="Civil service organisation">
Civil service organisation



</doc>
<doc id="6929868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929868" title="Wild style (disambiguation)">
Wild style (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6929885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929885" title="Jasper High School">
Jasper High School

Jasper High School can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6929889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929889" title="Runnemede Public School District">
Runnemede Public School District

The Runnemede Public School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Runnemede, in Camden County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
As of the 2018–19 school year, the district, comprising three schools, had an enrollment of 814 students and 68.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.9:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "B", the second-lowest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For ninth through twelfth grades, public school students attend Triton Regional High School, which also serves students from Bellmawr Borough and Gloucester Township, as one of three high schools that are part of the Black Horse Pike Regional School District. As of the 2018–19 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 1,159 students and 95.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.1:1. The two other schools in the district are Highland Regional High School and Timber Creek Regional High School, which serve students from Gloucester Township, based on their address.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2018–19 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
Board of education.
The district's board of education, comprised of nine members, sets policy and oversees the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="6929896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929896" title="Ornate wobbegong">
Ornate wobbegong

The ornate wobbegong ("Orectolobus ornatus") is a species of carpet shark that lives in Australia and possibly other countries in the Western Pacific Ocean. It is coloured golden brown, yellow-green and blueish-grey, and it grows to maximum . Described by Charles Walter De Vis in 1883, it is similar in appearance to other Australian wobbegongs and has previously been classified as the same species as the Gulf wobbegong. It is a nocturnal species, hunting at night, and it can bite humans when disturbed. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has listed it as a least-concern species.
Taxonomy.
The ornate wobbegong was described by Charles Walter De Vis in 1883. It was previously assumed to be the juvenile form of the Gulf wobbegong ("Orectolobus halei"), due to similarities between the two species. However, there are multiple differences: for example, the ornate wobbegong is smaller, has a smaller head relative to its body, and is less freckled.
"Banded wobbegong" is an alternative common name for the ornate wobbegong; however, it is also used for the Gulf wobbegong.
Description.
The ornate wobbegong's upperside is golden brown in colour with blueish-grey areas, and it is yellow-green on its underside. It has two dorsal fins, a large flat head, and small eyes. Its mouth and lower head are covered with flaps of skin. Juveniles are in total length and sexual maturity is reached at . For adults, the maximum reported size is .
The ornate wobbegong is similar in appearance to the gulf wobbegong and the spotted wobbegong ("Orectolobus maculatus"). However, it is smaller than the former and it does not have the distinctive O-shaped spots of the latter. The ornate wobbegong also has markings with black edges, further differentiating it from the spotted wobbegong. Its distinct colour pattern provides good camouflage: it is barely discernible when amidst plants on the sea floor. As specimens grow older, however, this pattern becomes less prominent.
Ecology.
The ornate wobbegong is a nocturnal species, with most activity and feeding taking place in the nighttime. In the daytime, it has occasionally been known to hunt for food, but generally it is in a "somewhat sleepy state", resting out in the open or under caves and ledges, often on sand or weed bottoms. Habitats include algae-covered sea floors, coral reefs, or bays. The species usually lives in clearer waters than the spotted wobbegong. Its prey consists of crustaceans, fish, and octopuses. A study of the diet of specimens in Port Jackson showed that fish, primarily luderick, moray eels, and snappers, composed 86.5% of the species' diet, and cephalopods composed 13.5% of it.
Reproduction is ovoviviparous and over 12 pups are born at a time. Gestation takes almost a year, with young hatching in September or October. A one-day-old specimen was observed by Neville Coleman to have a full set of teeth and be able to defend itself.
The ornate wobbegong is usually not hostile towards humans, but it can bite when disturbed. It uses its sharp anterior teeth to inflict "shallow but painful wounds". Because it camouflages so well, divers often fail to see it even when they are close, and some are bitten. It has bitten people who go into tide pools, including fishers and waders. It sometimes swims towards nearby divers, possibly with hostile intent. The International Shark Attack File has recorded 32 attacks by wobbegongs species in general because it is difficult to do an accurate identification of wobbegongs.
Distribution.
The ornate wobbegong lives in tropical and warm temperate waters no deeper than . It is native to eastern Australia, in the western Pacific Ocean. Reports have been confirmed at Port Stephens and Sydney. Although it has also been reported to live in Indonesia, Japan, and Papua New Guinea, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) states that these reports probably misidentified other fish for this species, which would make the ornate wobbegong endemic to Australia. However, according to the Florida Museum of Natural History, it does live in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. This report has to be verified.
The ornate wobbegong's population is not known, nor whether it is increasing or decreasing. Its main threat in eastern Australia is commercial fishing. A survey from May 2000 to April 2001 concluded that 5,174 total wobbegongs (including other species) were fished and kept in New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, and Western Australia. Its flesh is edible, which makes it a target for human consumption, and its skin has previously been utilised for decoration. It is not threatened currently, as it is only caught in parts of its range and not often. As of 20 February 2015, it is listed as a least-concern species on the IUCN Red List, after two assessments as near threatened in 2003 and 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="6929898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929898" title="William Julian Cayo-Evans">
William Julian Cayo-Evans



</doc>
<doc id="6929900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929900" title="Orectolobus ornatus">
Orectolobus ornatus



</doc>
<doc id="6929907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929907" title="Anvil of Dawn">
Anvil of Dawn

Anvil of Dawn is a 1995 fantasy role-playing video game developed by DreamForge Intertainment and published by New World Computing. "Anvil of Dawn" was named the best role-playing game of 1995 by "Computer Gaming World" and "Computer Game Review".
Gameplay.
The game was released 1995 for MS-DOS and was one of the last dungeon crawl RPGs with blockstep movements and semi-3D environment. The game presents a real-time, three-dimensional view from the character's perspective. It was released on CD and features fully spoken dialogue and several pre-rendered cutscenes. The player controls only one character throughout the game, which is chosen at the beginning from 5 different heroes. The other characters can then be met in the game also trying to fulfill the quest. The game is mostly action oriented but also contains some puzzles. There are no experience points as the character gets better through using his abilities and spells. It also features several different endings.
Plot.
The game plays in the world of Tempest. The civilization had been overrun by an evil warlord and the last castle of the good is under siege. The player's character is then teleported in the already occupied and devastated land, where he strives to fulfill his quest to defeat the warlord and his minions.
Development.
"Anvil of Dawn" was developed by DreamForge Intertainment. In the concept stage, the team chose to focus the game on atmosphere and player immersion, which led to the decision to pre-render the game's environments via three-dimensional (3D) graphical models. While real-time 3D graphics were used by certain other dungeon crawl games at the time, DreamForge believed that their environments looked "flat and pixellated", and sought greater realism through pre-rendering. For the outdoor scenes, the team lined 3D models of each environment with "movement nodes", and pre-recorded "mini-cinematics" to animate transitions from one node to another. Their objective was to make the game feel seamless, whether the player was stepping through an area or moving between dungeons.
The goal of uninterrupted immersion led them to simplify the game's interface, to reduce the number of heads-up display icons and to include automatically updated quest logs, spellbooks and maps. According to the company's Chris Straka, the team "made every effort to bridge the gap between the novice and the expert player", without automating too much of the gameplay. So that players could immediately understand and play "Anvil of Dawn", DreamForge chose to make the game completable with only the left mouse button. This decision in turn inspired the team to limit the game to a single player character, instead of a party-based system. Straka explained, "In this way, we didn't have to worry about multiple characters, multiple faces, multiple inventories, etc., and how all the possible combinations can be made functional with a simple left click."
Several months were dedicated to the conception and implementation of magic, and a pseudo-turn-based system was devised to handle fighting. Enemies attack at set intervals, which DreamForge tried to make long enough that players did not "feel overly rushed" during combat. However, enemies are also programmed to counterattack each of the player's strikes, after which they return to the waiting interval. This allows the player to set the pace of combat: attacking rapidly increases enemies' attack speed in turn, while attacking slowly decreases it.
Reception.
According to "PC Accelerator", "Anvil of Dawn" was "critically acclaimed". It was named the best role-playing game of 1995 by "Computer Gaming World" and "Computer Game Review", and received a nomination for "Computer Games Strategy Plus"s "Role-Playing Game of the Year" award, which went to "Stonekeep". The editors of "Computer Gaming World" singled out "Anvil of Dawn"s "playability and balance" as the reasons for their decision, while those of "Computer Game Review" summarized the title as "an excellent job all the way around."
Writing for "PC Gamer US", Trent C. Ward called "Anvil of Dawn" an "attractive and enjoyable RPG that doesn't stretch the boundaries very far." In "Computer Gaming World", Scorpia summarized the game as "a dungeon romp with several points of interest, and a couple of pleasant surprises." Andy Butcher reviewed "Anvil of Dawn" for "Arcane" magazine, rating it an 8 out of 10 overall. Butcher comments that "As with nearly all computer RPGs, this is still limited to hack-and-slash; but it's hack-and-slash raised to an art form. "Anvil Of Dawn" is ultimately limited, but it's so easy to get into that it hardly matters." "Computer Games Strategy Plus" was less positive: the magazine's Steve Wartofsky argued that "there are both faster and deeper games already on the market or shortly on the way."
In his book "Dungeons and Desktops: The History of Computer Role-Playing Games" (2008), the video game historian Matt Barton declared "Anvil of Dawn" "one of the best of the "Dungeon Master"-inspired games". He cited the game's "careful pacing, splendid music, and ... superior interface" as high points.
Legacy.
In 1999, a writer for "PC Accelerator" reported that New World Computing initially planned to use "Anvil of Dawn" as the start of "an ongoing franchise" after its release. However, these plans were dropped in favor of focusing on "Might &amp; Magic" titles.
In 2013, the game was re-released via GOG.com with Microsoft Windows support.

</doc>
<doc id="6929908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929908" title="Adrogué">
Adrogué

Adrogué () is a city in Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina, located 23 km south of Buenos Aires. It is the administrative headquarters for Almirante Brown Partido (county).
At slightly more than 30,000 inhabitants, it is a prominent residential area, with numerous cobbled streets, lush trees and several squares. In addition, it has an important commercial center, with a variety of shops and banks.
History.
In March 1873, Governor Mariano Acosta approved the projected sketch map for this town and named it "Almirante Brown". The plan for the map was designed by Nicolás and José Canale, two renowned Italian architects, who included a number of diagonals and squares, which later inspired the urban design for the city of La Plata. The Canales also designed most of the public buildings in Adrogué (the Town Palace, the first church for Saint Gabriel, Castelforte, etc.) and the church of the Inmaculada Concepción in the neighbourhood of Belgrano ("La Redonda").
Adrogué was also the place of residence of some well-known families of British origin, including the high officials of the railroads. María Bevans de Pellegrini died on February 28, 1886 in the village of Adrogué. She was the daughter of James Bevans and Priscilla Bright, natives of London.
The typical architecture of the city of Adrogué towards the end of the 19th century and beginning of the 20th was of the English style.
The Catholic parish San Gabriel Arcangel, began its construction in 1874. The Instituto Americano de Adrogué, a defunct institution of secondary education of the town, opened its doors in 1890.
Borges and Adrogué.
Jorge Luis Borges, an Argentine writer, spent many childhood summers there and loved the city so much that he named a book of poems after it in dedication. In the Prologue he is quoted as saying:
In An Autobiographical Essay, Borges states:
Hotel Las Delicias.
"Hotel Las Delicias" was inaugurated on 1 December 1872. It had previously been Esteban Adrogué's private residence, but he decided to convert it into a hotel in response to wealthy families looking for a place to settle down in the area with the intention of building country houses to turn this place into a summer resort. Thus, in 1873, Hotel Las Delicias was the preferred summer shelter of notable Argentines. To visit and stay there was at that time a respected distinction. Sarmiento, president of Argentina from 1868 to 1874, was one of those who enjoyed its amenities. The name of the hotel was conferred by Mr. Ochoa, friend of Esteban Adrogué, who exclaimed before its splendor, "this is a delight" ("delicia" is Spanish for "delight").
Most recently, on the corner where the Hotel Las Delicias building was situated, there is a state school called Colegio Nacional Almirante Brown (Almirante Brown National School). This is where the Coro del Colegio Nacional de Adrogué (Almirante Brown National School Choir), composed entirely of students of the school, rehearses. Both the school and the choir have national prominence and are supported by the community and authorities of Adrogué.
Origin of the name.
The city is named after its founder, Esteban Adrogué, who also founded Lomas de Zamora and donated lands for the establishment of the train station, town hall, main square and other important buildings.
He suggested that the train station be called Almirante Brown, but since that name had already been used and it was customary to name a station after its land donor, it was finally called "Adrogué station". As a matter of fact, for more than 100 years, the city was officially called Almirante Brown, a name used only for official purposes, until a law stated that the name Adrogué should be used for this locality in the late 1990s.
Notable people.
Notable natives and inhabitants of the city include:
Trivia.
The two local theaters, "Cine Adrogué" and "Cine Argentino", were closed down around the beginning of the 1990s. One of them was turned into a shopping mall, which went into bankruptcy about a year after opening its doors and finally became the "House of Culture". The other one houses a Protestant church. Some years later, a 10-screen Cinemark complex was built at the Boulevard Shopping mall, a fact that allowed the city to have local theaters again.
External links.
General information
Cultural institutions

</doc>
<doc id="6929911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929911" title="Bosworth Academy">
Bosworth Academy

Bosworth Academy (formerly Bosworth Community College) is a coeducational secondary school located in Desford, Leicestershire, England and is part of the LiFE Multi-Academy Trust. It was a Sports College under the UK's Specialist School Programme, a status which was attained in 2003. The majority of students transfer to the school at the age of 11 from Primary Schools within the catchment area.
The Executive Headteacher of the LiFE Multi-Academy Trust is Chris Parkinson and the Head of School for Bosworth Academy is Simon Brown.
History.
The school moved to its present site at Desford in 1969 as "The Bosworth School and Community College". Its predecessor was the Dixie Grammar School in nearby Market Bosworth, with a tradition dating back to the 11th century. Timothy Rogers was appointed headmaster of the Dixie in 1964, oversaw the move to Desford, and continued as Bosworth's headmaster (later principal) until his retirement in 1983. In 2010 a new construction block was built.
In 2003, the school became a Specialist Sports College and as a result enabled Market Bosworth High School and Winstanley Community College to follow suit. This was followed in 2011, with the school becoming a Trust School in partnership with Leicester University, Leicester City Football Club, Stephenson College, the Primary Care Trust, Yorkshire Bank and the Local Authority. In April 2012, the school achieved academy status as an independent entity supporting the local schools.
There was previously a Barbara Hepworth sculpture situated outside the front main entrance, the whereabouts of which are currently unknown. It is understood that the Bernard Schottlander sculpture (3B Series No.2) in the quadrangle remains in situ.
The school was last inspected by OFSTED in 2017 when it achieved 'Outstanding'.
In 2018, the school was accredited the World Class Schools Quality Mark. 

</doc>
<doc id="6929912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929912" title="Llanrwst Rural District">
Llanrwst Rural District

Llanrwst was a rural district in the administrative county of Denbighshire from 1894 to 1935. 
The rural district was formed from the part of Llanrwst Rural Sanitary District in Denbighshire. The remainder of the sanitary district, in Caernarfonshire, becoming Geirionydd Rural District.
The district contained nine civil parishes:
Llanrwst Rural District was abolished by a County Review Order in 1935, becoming part of the new Hiraethog Rural District.
Sources.
Denbighshire Administrative County (Vision of Britain)

</doc>
<doc id="6929919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929919" title="James Morrison Catchpole">
James Morrison Catchpole



</doc>
<doc id="6929923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6929923" title="Adrogue">
Adrogue



</doc>
