<doc id="6997883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997883" title="New Moon (novel)">
New Moon (novel)

New Moon (stylized as new moon) is a 2006 romantic fantasy novel by author Stephenie Meyer. The second installment in the "Twilight" series, the novel continues the story of Bella Swan and her relationship with vampire Edward Cullen as she enters her senior year of high school. When Edward leaves Bella after his brother attacks her, she is left heartbroken and depressed for months until Jacob Black becomes her best friend. However, her life twists once more when Jacob's nature reveals itself and Edward's sister decides to visit.
The book was originally released in hardcover on September 6, 2006, with an initial print run of 100,000 copies. Upon its publication in the United States, "New Moon" was highly successful and moved quickly to the top of bestseller lists, becoming one of the most anticipated books of the year. It peaked at #1 on both the "New York Times" Best Seller list and "USA Today"'s Top 150 Bestsellers, and was the biggest selling children's paperback of 2008 with over 5.3 million copies sold. Moreover, "New Moon" was the best-selling book of 2009 and has been translated into 38 languages. A was released on November 20, 2009.
Reception for "New Moon" was more positive than that for its predecessor. Some criticized the middle section's pacing; critics generally, however, argued the novel was more mature in tone, praising the character development and its depiction of human emotion. 
Plot.
On Bella Swan's eighteenth birthday, Edward Cullen, the vampire she loves, and his family throw her a birthday party at their residence. While unwrapping a gift, Bella receives a paper cut. Edward's adopted brother, Jasper, is overwhelmed by the scent of her blood and attempts to attack her. Trying to protect her, Edward and the Cullens move away from Forks, but in an attempt to encourage Bella to move on, Edward tells her it is because he no longer loves her. With Edward's departure, Bella suffers severe memory loss and depression for several months.
In the months that follow, Bella learns that thrill-seeking activities, such as motorcycle riding and cliff-diving, allow her to "hear" Edward's voice in her head through her subconscious mind. She also seeks comfort in her deepening friendship with Jacob Black, a cheerful companion who eases her pain over losing Edward. Sometime after losing Edward, Bella starts to enjoy Jacob's company and friendship. After spending some time with Bella, Jacob starts experiencing some unexpected and drastic changes in his mood swings, body, and personality. As Jacob undergoes a very long, painful, and life-altering transformation, Bella and Charlie become concerned. A few weeks later, Bella notes that Jacob isn't as happy-go-lucky as he once was. She isn't so comfortable with Jacob's recent changes, and shortly thereafter, she discovers that Jacob has unwillingly become a werewolf and that there are other tribe members who are werewolves too. Jacob and his pack protect Bella from the vampire, Laurent, who was a part of James' coven, and also Victoria, who seeks revenge for her dead mate, James, whom the Cullens had killed in the previous installment. Jacob forms romantic feelings for Bella, but she doesn't feel the same, having not gotten over her breakup with Edward. This only fuels Jacob's dislike of Edward. Jacob then saves Bella from drowning after the latter jumps off a cliff into the ocean and almost kisses her in the events following.
Meanwhile, a series of miscommunications leads Edward to believe that Bella has committed suicide by jumping off a cliff. Distraught over her suspected suicide, Edward flees to Volterra, Italy to provoke the Volturi, vampire royalty who are capable of killing him, though they refuse, deeming his mind-reading ability to be too valuable. In contrast to Edward's rash reaction to the news of Bella's death, Alice Cullen cleverly makes a surprise visit to Bella's house, which overwhelms Bella. Bella asks a series of questions, and Alice tells her that she saw Bella trying to kill herself. As Alice's visions about Edward change rapidly, Alice and Bella are unable to clearly understand whether Edward is or will be safe. They rush to Italy to prevent Edward from revealing himself to humans so the Volturi are forced to kill him, arriving just in time to stop him. Before leaving Italy, the Volturi tell Edward that Bella, a human who knows that vampires exist, must either be killed or transformed into a vampire to protect the secret. When they return to Forks, Edward tells Bella that he has always loved her and only left Forks to protect her. She forgives him, and the Cullens vote in favor of Bella being transformed into a vampire, to Rosalie and Edward's dismay. However, Jacob sternly reminds Edward about an important part of their treaty: if the Cullens bite a human for any reason, the treaty is over and the wolves will attack. When Bella reminds him that it is none of his concern as being a vampire is what she wants, Jacob reveals it is his business as she doesn't understand what's going to be at stake for her and the Cullens. Before he can continue warning her, they hear an angry Charlie asking Bella to get inside the house at once. Jacob apologizes to Bella once more before leaving, and the story concludes with Charlie grounding Bella for running off to Italy.
Development.
After Meyer finished writing "Twilight", she found herself writing multiple hundred-page epilogues and has said, "I quickly realized I wasn't ready to stop writing about Bella and Edward." She began writing a sequel, which was entitled "Forever Dawn" and skipped over Bella's final year of high school. While Meyer was still writing "Forever Dawn", she learned that "Twilight" was going to be published and marketed as a young-adult novel. Wanting the next book to be aimed at a similar audience, she decided to write a new sequel, "New Moon", which took place during Bella's senior year of high school. Therefore, Meyer started writing the outline of the book and thinking of what her characters would do, and claims that she "swiftly regretted asking them for the story." She didn't like the idea of Edward leaving at first and tried to think of other plot options, but, in the end, she said that "she accepted the inevitability of it."
According to Meyer, the book is about losing true love. The title refers to the darkest phase of the lunar cycle, indicating that "New Moon" is about the darkest time of protagonist Bella Swan's life. Meyer wrote the book before "Twilight" was published. Writing the book was difficult for Meyer as she feared the readers' reaction to the emotional pain Bella's goes through, what could be described has grief and feeling lost.
Meyer wrote "New Moon" in five months. She found the editing process "much longer and more difficult than the same process with "Twilight"." Also, unlike "Twilight", which Meyer intended not to publish at first, she recognized that "New Moon" was going to be published and had what she described as a "horrible feeling much like stage fright" while writing. However, Meyer considers Jacob to be her favorite gift the book gave, as she liked the character a lot and wanted to expand his role and presence.
The confrontation with the Volturi in the clock tower at the end of the book was the first scene Meyer wrote. She did not want to use a real city as the location for the Volturi's residence, as she did with Forks. She decided to name her city "Volturin" and chose a location in Tuscany, Italy because it matched her vision of the city being "very old and relatively remote." However, when consulting a map, she found that there was a city called Volterra in the area where she had planned to place her imaginary city. Therefore, she chose Volterra and called it "a pretty creepy coincidence."
The first draft of "New Moon" differed significantly from the manuscript published. Originally, Bella never found out that Jacob was a werewolf, and as a result, the seventy pages following Bella's discovery of Jacob's nature were missing. The epilogue was also different in title and content. Meyer found it difficult to write Bella's pain over Edward's departure and often cried while writing those parts. She mentioned that she never suffered a heartbreak like Bella's, so she couldn't draw inspiration for her pain from personal experiences, but based it on how she thought she would feel if she lost a child, while insisting that it came from her character, who is "much more open—to both pain and joy." She claims that "the way she chose to cope with it" was unexpected.
According to Meyer, the story was inspired by Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet".
Cover and title.
The cover art of "New Moon" was designed by Gail Doobinin and photographed by John Grant. Meyer has expressed on numerous occasions that she had no hand in choosing the cover, and said that she does not like it. She described it as "a very lovely ruffled tulip that means nothing at all". It could also mean love and loss with the red representing blood but keeping the innocence of the title to look fluffy and nice. Originally, Meyer suggested a clock image for the cover as she saw "time" as one of the most important themes of the novel. However, the artwork team that designed the cover chose the image of a tulip losing one of its petals, aiming to represent Bella losing a drop of blood.
When Meyer finished writing the book, she wanted a title that referred to a time of day to match "Twilight". As it reflected the mood of the sequel, she titled the novel "New Moon", "the darkest kind of night, a night with no moon", to refer to the darkest period of Bella's life it being the next cycle in her life of change just like the lunar phases in the moon.
Publication and reception.
Sales.
"New Moon" was published by Little, Brown in the USA on September 6, 2006, with an initial print run of 100,000 copies. Demand for the book was so high that advance reading copies were being sold on eBay for as high as $380. "New Moon" immediately rose to the #1 position on the "New York Times" Best Seller list for Children's Chapter Books in its second week on the list, displacing popular children's authors such as Christopher Paolini and Markus Zusak, and remained in that spot for eleven weeks. It spent over 47 weeks in total on the list. "New Moon" also remained on the "USA Today" Best Seller list for over 150 weeks after entering the list two weeks after its release, later peaking at #1. USA Today ranked it at #29 on its 2007 top-selling books list.
By 2008, "Publishers Weekly" reported that "New Moon" had sold 1.5 million copies throughout the U.S. In October 2008, the book was ranked #37 on "USA Today's" "Bestselling Books of Last 15 Years". According to "USA Today", the book was also the second biggest-selling book of 2008 behind its prequel, "Twilight", and the biggest-selling of 2009, giving the saga the top four positions on the list for two consecutive years. It was also ranked at #27 on the list of biggest-selling books of 2010.
Critical reception.
The novel received mostly positive reviews with some critics feeling that it dragged in the middle. Hillias J. Martin of "School Library Journal" praised the book, saying, "Less streamlined than "Twilight" yet just as exciting, "New Moon" will more than feed the bloodthirsty hankerings of fans of the first volume and leave them breathless for the third". "Kirkus Reviews" praised the novel, describing it as "an exciting page turner...This tale of tortured demon lovers entices." Moreover, Cindy Dobrez of "Booklist" gave "New Moon" a positive review, stating that Bella's dismay at being ordinary "will strike a chord even among girls who have no desire to be immortal, and like the vampires who watch Bella bleed with "fevered eyes," teens will relish this new adventure and hunger for more". Furthermore, Norah Piehl of Teenreads.com thought that in the middle "the story sometimes drags, and readers may long for the vampires' return", though she believed that ""New Moon" will leave Meyer's many fans breathless for the sequel, as Bella finally understands everything that will be at stake if she makes the ultimate choice to give up her humanity and live, like the vampires, forever." Anna Limber of About.com echoed Piehl, saying that "the middle section is a little slow" and some aspects of the story were "predictable". However, she gave the book 3.5 stars out of 5 and said that the novel as a whole "has a brooding and melancholy feel to it, capturing well the angst of its teenage characters."
"New Moon" won the Senior Young Reader's Choice Award in 2009.
Adaptations.
A film adaptation of "New Moon" was released on November 20, 2009. It is the sequel to 2008's "Twilight", which is based on the previous novel written by Meyer. The film starred Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, and Taylor Lautner, reprising their roles as Bella Swan, Edward Cullen, and Jacob Black, respectively. In late November 2008, Summit Entertainment greenlit the sequel, which was directed by Chris Weitz with Melissa Rosenberg returning as the screenwriter. The majority of the film was shot in Vancouver, British Columbia. Apart from the film making there was talks about a graphic novel and there being three Graphic Novel books one being New moon adaptation in 2010. Twilight will also be getting a TV series that could cover the New Moon Novel.

</doc>
<doc id="6997890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997890" title="Polypyrimidine tract">
Polypyrimidine tract

The polypyrimidine tract is a region of pre-messenger RNA (mRNA) that promotes the assembly of the spliceosome, the protein complex specialized for carrying out RNA splicing during the process of post-transcriptional modification. The region is rich with pyrimidine nucleotides, especially uracil, and is usually 15–20 base pairs long, located about 5–40 base pairs before the 3' end of the intron to be spliced.
A number of protein factors bind to or associate with the polypyrimidine tract, including the spliceosome component U2AF and the "polypyrimidine tract-binding protein" (PTB), which plays a regulatory role in alternative splicing. PTB's primary function is in exon silencing, by which a particular exon region normally spliced into the mature mRNA is instead left out, resulting in the expression of an isoform of the protein for which the mRNA codes. Because PTB is ubiquitously expressed in many higher eukaryotes, it is thought to suppress the inclusion of "weak" exons with poorly defined splice sites. However, PTB binding is not sufficient to suppress "robust" exons. 
The suppression or selection of exons is critical to the proper expression of tissue-specific isoforms. For example, smooth muscle and skeletal muscle express alternate isoforms distinguished by mutually exclusive exon selection in alpha-tropomyosin.

</doc>
<doc id="6997893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997893" title="Supply-side theory">
Supply-side theory



</doc>
<doc id="6997895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997895" title="Source tags and codes">
Source tags and codes



</doc>
<doc id="6997904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997904" title="Cameron Rigby">
Cameron Rigby

Cameron Rigby (born 1 May 1978) is an Australian former professional basketball player.
Early life.
Rigby was born in Melbourne, Victoria, and played junior basketball at Diamond Valley Basketball Association.
College career.
Rigby played four seasons of college basketball in the United States, first for the Bradley Braves in 1996–97 before sitting out a season and then playing three years for the San Diego Toreros between 1998 and 2001.
Professional career.
NBL.
Rigby played seven seasons in the Australian National Basketball League (NBL) between 2001 and 2008. His first stint was with the Canberra Cannons (2001–03), then Hunter Pirates (2003–04), Wollongong Hawks (2004–05), West Sydney Razorbacks (2005–07), and then a final season back at Wollongong in 2007–08. He helped the Hawks reach the 2005 NBL Grand Final series and won the Hawks Most Improved team award that year.
SEABL and Big V.
Rigby played in the South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL) between 1999 and 2011. He also played in the Big V in 2002 for the Diamond Valley Eagles.
In 2004, Rigby helped the Dandenong Rangers win the SEABL Eastern Conference championship, averaging 18.8 points per game and claiming the Grand Final MVP. He claimed SEABL East Grand Final MVP again in 2005 despite his Mildura Mavericks losing to the Geelong Supercats. He was named to the All-SEABL East Conference team in 2008 with the Bendigo Braves.

</doc>
<doc id="6997908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997908" title="Sailor Moon (English version)">
Sailor Moon (English version)



</doc>
<doc id="6997914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997914" title="Faculty of Environmental Studies">
Faculty of Environmental Studies



</doc>
<doc id="6997920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997920" title="Frederick Harold Stewart">
Frederick Harold Stewart



</doc>
<doc id="6997923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997923" title="Frederick Stewart">
Frederick Stewart

Fred, Freddie or Frederick Stewart may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6997926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997926" title="Amanullah Shah">
Amanullah Shah



</doc>
<doc id="6997938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997938" title="Volte (dressage)">
Volte (dressage)

The volte is a very small circle that is used in the training of a horse. Of all the circles, it requires the most balance from the horse. Voltes are excellent training tools, encouraging engagement and power.
Size.
The size of a volte will vary between horses, based on their stride length and their training. The accepted diameter for the volte, when used in dressage competition, is 6 meters. However, a horse should not be pressed to perform a smaller circle than is comfortable for him, as it will sacrifice balance, relaxation, and impulsion. These qualities always take precedence over the size of the volte.
History.
The volte was traditionally 12 strides long (using the inside hind leg) in circumference, resulting in a circle 10–15 meters in diameter. However, this was later decreased to 6–8 strides in circumference.
First developed by Saunier, leg-yields are sometimes incorporated into voltes, with the horse's nose facing the inside of the circle. Additionally, de la Guérinière developed "square voltes", which are not commonly practiced today.
Riders may incorporate renvers into their volte, as well as use the volte to help prepare the horse for other movements, such as half-pass.

</doc>
<doc id="6997946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997946" title="Matthew Leonard">
Matthew Leonard

Matthew Leonard (November 26, 1929 – February 28, 1967) was a United States Army sergeant who posthumously received America's highest military decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in the Vietnam War.
Biography.
Leonard was born in Eutaw, Alabama. He married his elementary school sweetheart, Lois, and they had five children.
Matthew Leonard entered the Army from Birmingham, Alabama in 1947. He served in both the Korean and Vietnam Wars. On February 28, 1967, Leonard was serving as a platoon sergeant with Company B, 1st Battalion, 16th Infantry, 1st Infantry Division, near Suoi Da, South Vietnam. When his platoon came under attack. Sergeant Leonard organized the defense and encouraged his men. Despite suffering several wounds, he continued to command and eventually charged an enemy machine gun. He was wounded once more during the charge, and died soon after.
For his actions on that day, Sergeant Leonard received the Medal of Honor. Leonard's widow Lois and her family were presented with his Medal of Honor by Secretary of the Army Stanley Rogers Resor during a ceremony at the Pentagon on December 19, 1968.
Matthew Leonard is buried in Fort Mitchell, Alabama's National Cemetery.
Medal of Honor citation.
Sergeant Leonard's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
For conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity in action at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty. His platoon was suddenly attacked by a large enemy force employing small arms, automatic weapons, and hand grenades. Although the platoon leader and several other key leaders were among the first wounded, P/Sgt. Leonard quickly rallied his men to throw back the initial enemy assaults. During the short pause that followed, he organized a defensive perimeter, redistributed ammunition, and inspired his comrades through his forceful leadership and words of encouragement. Noticing a wounded companion outside the perimeter, he dragged the man to safety but was struck by a sniper's bullet which shattered his left hand. Refusing medical attention and continuously exposing himself to the increasing fire as the enemy again assaulted the perimeter, P/Sgt. Leonard moved from position to position to direct the fire of his men against the well camouflaged foe. Under the cover of the main attack, the enemy moved a machine gun into a location where it could sweep the entire perimeter. This threat was magnified when the platoon machine gun in this area malfunctioned. P/Sgt. Leonard quickly crawled to the gun position and was helping to clear the malfunction when the gunner and other men in the vicinity were wounded by fire from the enemy machine gun. P/Sgt. Leonard rose to his feet, charged the enemy gun and destroyed the hostile crew despite being hit several times by enemy fire. He moved to a tree, propped himself against it, and continued to engage the enemy until he succumbed to his many wounds. His fighting spirit, heroic leadership, and valiant acts inspired the remaining members of his platoon to hold back the enemy until assistance arrived. Sgt. Leonard's profound courage and devotion to his men are in keeping with the highest traditions of the military service, and his gallant actions reflect great credit upon himself and the U.S. Army.

</doc>
<doc id="6997954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997954" title="Good–Turing frequency estimation">
Good–Turing frequency estimation

Good–Turing frequency estimation is a statistical technique for estimating the probability of encountering an object of a hitherto unseen species, given a set of past observations of objects from different species. In drawing balls from an urn, the 'objects' would be balls and the 'species' would be the distinct colours of the balls (finite but unknown in number). After drawing formula_1 red balls, formula_2 black balls and formula_3 green balls, we would ask what is the probability of drawing a red ball, a black ball, a green ball or one of a previously unseen colour.
Historical background.
Good–Turing frequency estimation was developed by Alan Turing and his assistant I. J. Good as part of their methods used at Bletchley Park for cracking German ciphers for the Enigma machine during World War II. Turing at first modelled the frequencies as a multinomial distribution, but found it inaccurate. Good developed smoothing algorithms to improve the estimator's accuracy.
The discovery was recognised as significant when published by Good in 1953, but the calculations were difficult so it was not used as widely as it might have been. The method even gained some literary fame due to the Robert Harris novel "Enigma".
In the 1990s, Geoffrey Sampson worked with William A. Gale of AT&amp;T to create and implement a simplified and easier-to-use variant of the Good–Turing method described below. Various heuristic justifications and a simple combinatorial derivation have been provided.
The method.
The Good–Turing estimator is largely independent of the distribution of species frequencies.
Notation.
Suppose that formula_4 distinct species have been observed, enumerated formula_5. Then the frequency vector, formula_6, has elements formula_7 that give the number of individuals that have been observed for species formula_8. The frequency of frequencies vector, formula_9, shows how many times the frequency formula_10 occurs in the vector formula_6 (i.e., among the elements formula_7):
formula_13
For example, formula_14 is the number of species for which only one individual was observed. Note that the total number of objects observed, formula_15, can be found from
formula_16
Calculation.
The first step in the calculation is to estimate the probability that a future observed individual (or the next observed individual) is a member of a thus far unseen species. This estimate is
formula_17
The next step is to estimate the probability that the next observed individual is from a species which has been seen formula_10 times. For a species this estimate is
formula_19
Here, the notation formula_20 means the "smoothed", or "adjusted" value of the frequency shown in parentheses. An overview of how to perform this smoothing follows in the next section (see also empirical Bayes method).
To estimate the probability that the next observed individual is from any species from this group (i.e., the group of species seen formula_10 times) one can use the following formula:
formula_22
Smoothing.
For smoothing the erratic values in formula_23 for large formula_10, we would like to make a plot of formula_25 versus formula_26 but this is problematic because for large formula_10 many formula_23 will be zero. Instead a revised quantity, formula_29, is plotted versus formula_26, where formula_31 is defined as
formula_32
and where formula_33, formula_10, and formula_35 are three consecutive subscripts with non-zero counts formula_36, formula_23, formula_38. For the special case when formula_10 is 1, take formula_33 to be 0. In the opposite special case, when formula_41 is the index of the non-zero count, replace the divisor formula_42 with formula_43, so formula_44.
A simple linear regression is then fitted to the log–log plot.
For small values of formula_10 it is reasonable to set formula_46 – that is, no smoothing is performed.
For large values of formula_10, values of formula_48 are read off the regression line. An automatic procedure (not described here) can be used to specify at what point the switch from no smoothing to linear smoothing should take place.
Code for the method is available in the public domain.
Derivation.
Many different derivations of the above formula for formula_49 have been given.
One of the simplest ways to motivate the formula is by assuming the next item will behave similarly to the previous item. The overall idea of the estimator is that currently we are seeing never-seen items at a certain frequency, seen-once items at a certain frequency, seen-twice items at a certain frequency, and so on. Our goal is to estimate just how likely each of these categories is, for the "next" item we will see. Put another way, we want to know the current rate at which seen-twice items are becoming seen-thrice items, and so on. Since we don't assume anything about the underlying probability distribution, it does sound a bit mysterious at first. But it is extremely easy to calculate these probabilities "empirically" for the "previous" item we saw, even assuming we don't remember exactly which item that was: Take all the items we have seen so far (including multiplicities) — the last item we saw was a random one of these, all equally likely. Specifically, the chance that we saw an item for the formula_50th time is simply the chance that it was one of the items that we have now seen formula_51 times, namely formula_52. In other words, our chance of seeing an item that had been seen "r" times before was formula_52. So now we simply assume that this chance will be about the same for the next item we see. This immediately gives us the formula above for formula_54, by setting formula_55. And for formula_56, to get the probability that "a particular one" of the formula_57 items is going to be the next one seen, we need to divide this probability (of seeing "some" item that has been seen "r" times) among the formula_57 possibilities for which particular item that could be. This gives us the formula formula_59. Of course, your actual data will probably be a bit noisy, so you will want to smooth the values first to get a better estimate of how quickly the category counts are growing, and this gives the formula as shown above. This approach is in the same spirit as deriving the standard Bernoulli estimator by simply asking what the two probabilities were for the previous coin flip (after scrambling the trials seen so far), given only the current result counts, while assuming nothing about the underlying distribution.

</doc>
<doc id="6997957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997957" title="Tactics Theatrics">
Tactics Theatrics



</doc>
<doc id="6997959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997959" title="Windhandel">
Windhandel



</doc>
<doc id="6997966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997966" title="Hinduism in Mongolia">
Hinduism in Mongolia

 
Hinduism in Mongolia is a minority religion; it has few followers and only began to appear in Mongolia in the late twentieth century. According to the 2010 and 2011 Mongolian census, the majority of people that identify as religious follow Buddhism (86%), Shamanism (4.7), Islam (4.9%) or Christianity (3.5). Only 0.5% of the population follow other religions.
During the twentieth century, the socialist Mongolian People's republic restricted religious practices and enforced atheism across the country. The fall of the communist regime in the late 1990s signalled the beginning of an era of religious pluralism and experimentation. Mongolians began practising Hinduism and other world religions and spiritualities, including Mormonism and Christianity.
Spiritual congregations that teach Hindu philosophies including The International Society for Krishna Consciousness, The Art of Living foundation and the Ananda Marga organisation operate in Ulaanbataar. Practices that gain inspiration from Hinduism such as Patanjali Yoga and spiritual vegetarianism are practised in Mongolia; according to Saskia Abraahms-Kavunenko, Mongolian Buddhists have begun to incorporate Hindu spirituality and concepts into their Buddhist customs. Hindu symbols have influenced Mongolian myth, legend, culture and tradition.
History.
Hinduism in the Mongol Empire.
The Mongol Empire was religiously tolerant. Genghis Khan was open to religious diversity and the nations that Genghis Khan conquered continued to practice their own native religions. For this reason, Buddhism, Shamanism, Islam and Christianity were all reportedly practised under the Mongolian emperor.
Hindu Allusions In Mongolia History.
Mongolia is a Buddhist majority nation. According to author Sharad Soni, because of this Mongolia and India are spiritual neighbours. Many of the Hindu allusions, gods, deities and practices are present in Buddhist beliefs. Hinduism in Mongolia is prevalent and understood because Mongolian History and belief systems contain many Hindu allusions. For example, the Grand Lama of Mongolia in the 1500s was said to be an incarnation of the Hindu and Buddhist god Maitreya; Mongolians worship the Mahakala as a manifestation of the Hindu god Shiva.
Hinduism In the Mongolian Peoples Republic.
Preceding the shift to communism, Mongolia's political system and culture intersected with Buddhist systems and practices. The soviet-style Mongolians People Republic repressed religious freedom. The republic destroyed monasteries and religious symbols and enforced the public to adopt atheism. As stated by academic Evan Marie-Dominique: Following the era of spiritual oppression, the collapse of the communist regime in 1999 saw Mongolia return to its religious identity." Buddhism returned to being Mongolia's predominant religion. Since 1990, Mongolians have begun to experiment with other religious identities and collectives.
Hinduism In Mongolian Myth and Legend.
The Hindu God Shiva.
According to Berthold Laufer, in Mongolian mythology, an inspirational dream featuring the Hindu God Shiva instigated the conversion of the Mongol emperors to Buddhism. The Myth that is narrated by Mongolian Chronicle Sanang Setsen states that the Mongolian Grand Kublai Khan summoned a monk to respond to his questions surrounding a book of Tantras. The monk did not know the answer to the Khans questions and could barely comprehend the emperors questioning. The Myth states that that night, the monk was visited in a dream by the Hindu god Shiva; in the Hindu belief system the god Shiva represents the god of inspiration and is said to be accountable for the Indian Sanskrit text the Pāṇini. Shiva produced a book of Tantras that the monk memorised during his sleep. The day after being visited by the Hindu god, the monk returned  and was able to respond to all of Kublai Khans questions, resulting in his appointment by the Khan as the Holy Lama and the King of Doctrine in China, Tibet and Mongolia. During this era, the monk Phagpa reshaped Mongolian courts and scriptures to more heavily reflect Tibetan Buddhism and lay the foundation of Mongolia's Buddhist future.
The Ganga Lake.
According to Mongolian writer Gombojav Mend-ooyo, Mongolian legend claims that the Ganga Lake in Mongolia's Sükhbaatar Province originated from two flasks of water brought by a Mongolian Nobleman from the River Ganges in India. The Ganges is an influential Hindu symbol that gives one the possibility to bathe in order to renounce their sins. The legends of the Ganga lake in Mongolia mirrors the Hindu belief of redemption from the Ganges, and according to the Mongolian folklore, the water from the Ganga lake has both healing and purifying qualities.
Hinduism in Modern Mongolia.
Hinduism is the third most practiced religion in the world and is growing by 1.9% per year. According to the Yearbook of International Religious Demography records of 2014, today, 98.3% of the worlds Hindus live in South Asia. Hinduism is an umbrella term that refers to many diverse groups that direct their practice towards different gods, and different scriptures. In Mongolia, societies and practices that refer to certain aspects of Hinduism are growing.
The Mongolian religious revival.
The fall of the Mongolian People's Republic in 1990 ended an era of enforced atheism and the Mongolian people's national and cultural interest in religion was reignited. During its rule, The Soviet inspired government destroyed an estimated 700 Buddhist monasteries, as well as an unknown number of religious congregations and buildings.  There was also a decline of known religious custodians and practitioners. According to Saskia Abrahms-Kavunenko, the lack of formalised Buddhist institutions and practitioners resulted in religious insecurity and uncertainty in Mongolia; when paired with the resurgence of religiosity, it enables the growth of trans-local religious and spiritual groups in the capital. The International Society for Krishna consciousness, the Sri Sri Ravi Shankar collective and the Ananda Marga organisation are popular congregations that explore Hindu spirituality and philosophies in Ulaanbaatar. Some Mongolians fill gaps in their understandings of Buddhism with the alternative religious discourses, ideas and practices that they learn from these spiritual groups. In a study conducted by Abrahms-Kavunenko, one-third of the Mongolian Buddhists that she interviewed had attended at least one of Sri Sri's Hindu spiritual retreats. Patanjali Yoga and vegetarian diets, both important Hindu values have also become normalised characteristics of Mongolian Buddhism. Due to the philosophical similarities between Hindu and Buddhist concepts including, for example, reincarnation, Karma and meditation, Buddhist Mongols have begun to incorporate Hindu spiritual ideas and practices into their Buddhist philosophies since 1999; this is to fill the explanatory gaps in their understanding of Buddhism.
The Practices of Mongolian Hindus.
Hinduism is a minority religion in Mongolia; there are no formalised nationwide events or celebrations. Due to the influx of Hindu based philosophical societies and spiritual congregations in Ulaanbaatar, aspects of Hindu spirituality and practice are noticeable in the capital.
Vegetarianism in Mongolia.
Mongolian diets traditionally contain a lot of meat and livestock produce. The Hindu-based spiritual group's Ananda Marga and the Art of Living preach vegetarian lifestyles because it helps attendees attain a higher spiritual state. The Ananda Marga collective opened the first Vegetarian restaurant in Ulaanbaatar in 2006. Since then, more than ten vegetarian restaurants associated with Hindu spiritual collectives have opened.
Hindu Literature in Mongolia.
Texts that explore Hindu spiritual philosophies are not uncommon in Mongolia. Based on an ethnographic study conducted in Ulaanbaatar, Abrahms-Kavunenko claims that in Mongolian bookstores texts written by the Hindu guru Osho and by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar are often found in the best sellers aisle.
Krishna society of Mongolia, or International Society for Krishna Consciousness, actively translated many books of its founding Guru Srila Prabhupada including Bhagavadgita As It Is into Mongolian. The books are sold online through Facebook as well as on physical stores.
Catching up with Hare Krishnas, devotees of Art of Living Guru Sri Sri Ravi Shankar have translated many of their Guru's pamphlets and commentaries on classical Indian philosophical discourses such as Upanishads and Yoga Sutra.
First to translate books on transcendental meditation into Mongolian were devotees of late guru Sri Chinmoy.
Delving more into intricate concepts and nuances of Hindu philosophy, a book entitled "Outline of Indian Philosophical Systems in Mongolian language" appeared in book stores of Ulaanbaatar in July, 2021. The boom reviewz concepts of traditional 6 Hindu darshanas (Charvaka, Mimamsa, Nyaya, Vaisesika, Sankhya, Yoga) with emphasis in Advaita Vedanta, and is authored by Adi Shankara.
Meditation in Mongolia.
Hindu spiritual groups such as the Art of living organisation and the Hare Krishna propagate meditation through the Hindu-based philosophical framework that views meditation as an instrument to achieve a greater degree of self-awareness.
Patanjali Yoga In Mongolia.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's retreats incorporate and teach the ideas of Patanjali yoga. A yogic system that is based on Hindu sutras and thought and that explores the relationship between matter and spirit. One-third of Mongolian Lay Buddhists have attended at least one of Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's retreats and thus are familiar with the Patanjali philosophy. It is easy to find Yoga centres in Ulaanbaatar.
Religious tolerance in Mongolia.
By law, the Mongolian government ensures religious freedom and the separation of religious institutions and the state. Religious collectives in Mongolia must be registered by authorities. According to the United Nations Refugee Agency (UNHR), Smaller religious organisations and institutions in Mongolia have reported that they face discrimination when applying to register to the authorities as an official religious collective. Other minority groups claim that they face similar problems when trying to renew past registrations. Unregistered religious collectives and minority religious groups claim to be disproportionately harassed by government officials, tax collectors and police for no identifiable legal reason.
Hindu Congregations and Societies In Modern Mongolia.
Hare Krishna in Mongolia.
The first congregation In Mongolia that practiced Hindu beliefs and that attempted to become a government registered society is a Krishna collective in Mongolia's Capital Ulaanbaatar. According to Graham M. Schewig, Krishna Consciousness is a branch of Hinduism that originates from the Hindu sect Vaishnavism and centres around the worship of the Hindu deity Vishnu, or Krishna. The Mongolian Krishna society is a branch of The International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON), or the Hare Krishna movement.
Hare Krishna was first brought to Mongolia in 1999 by Lakshmi Narayana. Narayana was a devoted ISKCON senior who travelled as a missionary from East Siberia to Mongolia in order to run a series of public Hare Krishna programs. According to ISKCON, Many Mongolians showed an immediate interest in the practice. Local devotees began hosting their own weekly worship sessions, and, upon the translation of Srila Prabhupada's spiritual texts into Mongolian, the congregation reached a wider audience. As of 2009, the Hare Krishna spiritual practice has 25 devotees with more undergoing training in India, as well as many students that practice Krishna Consciousness. The congregation plan to expand and become a government registered society.
Hare Krishna Temples.
In 2009, the society attempted to become a registered society under the Mongolian government, the government accepted the request upon the condition that the congregation build an official temple. In 2009, ISKON announced the plan to construct a Vedic temple in Ulaanbaatar. Before the proposed construction of the temple, the society held weekly sessions in a local yurt. In 2009, ISKON stated that the funding of the temple would be a challenge as it relied on donations; there have been no updates on the progression of the temple since this announcement.
The Art Of Living.
The Art of Living foundation is a spiritual, educational and humanitarian movement that was founded by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar in 1981. The organisation operates in 152 countries and propagates Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's philosophy of peace and compassion. Ravi Shankar teaches the essence of spirituality and promotes Hindu values, practices, systems and traditions. The Art of living is not a religious organisation;  It a spiritual one that borrows Hindu practices such as yoga, puja and chanting and Hindu values such as gratitude, love, belongingness and compassion. An Art Of Living (AOL) class was first held in Ulaanbaatar in 1995. The Meditation centre in Mongolia is currently training over one hundred teachers how to conduct courses conceptualised by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, and over one million Mongols have attended at least one Art Of living course or retreat. A Mongolian interviewee of writer Narayani Ganesh who attends the Art Of Living courses affirmed that he did not give up Buddhism to adopt Sri Sri Ravi Shankar's philosophies; that instead, the two systems complement each other. According to Saskia Abrahms-Kavunenko, one in three Lay Buddhists have attended at least one of Art Of Living retreats. Sri Sri Ravi Shankar has visited Mongolia three times, each time he has been greeted with an audience of between Three thousand and Five thousand people. An international Art Of Living Ashram is being built on a site near Ulaanbataar. According to Narayani Ganesh, the Art of Living spiritual organisation has been successful in former soviet countries such as Russia, Poland and Mongolia that lack spiritual guidance due to the years of religious repression.
Ananda Marga.
Ananda Marga is a socio-spiritual organisation that was founded by Prabhat Ranjan Sarkar in India in 1955. Ananda Marga is a Hindu-based philosophical and yogic system. It does not worship a deity but has selected certain teachings of Hindu origin to form its philosophy. Ananda Marga is recognised as a religious denomination of Hinduism and propagates personal-development and the improvement of society.
Didi Ananda Kalika, formerly known as Gabrielle Dowling, is an Ananda Marga nun that moved to Ulaanbaatar in 1993 where she opened an orphanage and began practising Ananda Marga spirituality. The lotus children's school is an orphanage in Ulaanbaatar that promotes Ananda Magara spirituality. Didi Ananda Kalika also runs the Ananda Yoga Centre, Mongolia where they teach yoga, meditative practices and Ananda Marga ideologies. Didi Ananda Kalika opened the first Vegetarian restaurant in Ulaanbaatar named the Ananda Cafe in 2006 following the Ananda Marga philosophical values and spiritual movement that promotes vegetarianism.

</doc>
<doc id="6997979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997979" title="New moon (novel)">
New moon (novel)



</doc>
<doc id="6997993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997993" title="Istoé">
Istoé

IstoÉ (Portuguese for 'This is'; often stylized ISTO É) is a weekly news magazine in Portuguese published in Brazil, roughly the equivalent of the American magazines "Time" or "Newsweek".
History.
The magazine was established in 1976. It is published weekly by Editora Três on Saturdays. It is considered one of the three main magazines being published in the country, along with "Veja" and "Época".
Circulation.
In 2003 the circulation of "IstoÉ" was 362,307 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="6997995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6997995" title="Inayatullah Shah">
Inayatullah Shah



</doc>
<doc id="6998018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998018" title="Buddy McDonald">
Buddy McDonald

Thomas "Buddy"/"Bud" McDonald (October 1, 1922 – September 22, 2008) was an American child actor. He is perhaps best known as one of the "Our Gang" kids of the early sound period, and McDonald is prominently featured in the "Our Gang" shorts "Teacher's Pet" and "School's Out". He appeared in several of the "Our Gang" comedies.
Biography.
Early career.
McDonald was discovered when his mother wrote a letter, dictated from his father to Hal Roach Studios in Culver City, in which they enclosed a newspaper article of Buddy's local spelling bee win. They received a phone call from the studio that same week.
The studio gave him a screen test and called Buddy to work on his first picture, "Pups is Pups". From there, he worked on various bit parts with Paramount Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. In addition, he sang on "Juvenile review", a weekend radio program on KFWB in Los Angeles. He attended grammar school on the studio lot with his fellow Our Gang actors. Additionally, he did scenes with Thelma Todd, Zasu Pitts and Charley Chase.
Childhood.
Growing up in Bell, California. His parents separated in 1933, he and his mother and two brothers went to live with his aunt in Oregon. There they picked fruit. Within a year, his family had made enough money to move back to their old house in Bell.
While he and his mother were living in Oregon, the studio had called asking for Buddy to do more work in the pictures. However, by the time they moved back to Bell, the calls had stopped, thus ending his childhood "career" in acting.
After "Our Gang".
During Prohibition, his father owned a cafe on Florence Avenue in Bell and after Prohibition was repealed, he turned it into a bar.
Buddy became famous in the community, as he was the only person living there at the time that was in pictures. As a teenager, he had problems with alcohol. McDonald was expelled from Bell High School and later attended Jacob August Riis High School in Los Angeles, a reform school for boys.
In later years, McDonald joined the United States Marine Corps, during World War II but broke his leg in boot camp and was honorably discharged. After a run-in with the law, he went to Alcoholics Anonymous as part of a reduced sentence deal. Upon his release from jail in March 1953, Buddy attended his first meeting of Alcoholics Anonymous and stayed sober until the end of his life. After more than 10 years of being sober, he and a friend, Judge Leon Emerson, started what they named the "Dana" School (Drugs, Alcohol, Narcotics, Awareness) in Downey, California. In 1972, they formed the Southern California Alcohol and Drug Program (formerly the Southwest Council) and in 1975, opened their first recovery house, the Cider House in Norwalk, California. In 1985, they established an additional recovery house for women and their children, Foley House in Whittier, California. This was the first place where addicted women could keep their children with them in a supportive controlled environment while getting clean and sober. This model for women's recovery has been used many times and is now considered the best practice method. Women who were separated from their children and labeled "unfit mothers", due to their substance abuse problems, now had a chance to succeed and keep their families together. They added parenting classes and work training in their attempt to allow the women to succeed once they left Foley House.
Death.
After Marcia's death in 1996, Buddy McDonald moved to the retirement community of Leisure World in Seal Beach, California. He served as Chairman of the Board of Directors for the Southern California Drug and Alcohol Abuse Center and remained active in helping recovering alcoholics.
McDonald suffered from congestive heart failure and died in his home on September 22, 2008, at 85.

</doc>
<doc id="6998024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998024" title="Zlatno">
Zlatno

Zlatno may refer to several places in Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="6998031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998031" title="Space cub">
Space cub



</doc>
<doc id="6998032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998032" title="Breznička">
Breznička

Breznička may refer to several places in Slovakia.

</doc>
<doc id="6998035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998035" title="Bob Perry (radio programmer)">
Bob Perry (radio programmer)



</doc>
<doc id="6998042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998042" title="Robert Perry">
Robert Perry

Robert or Bob Perry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6998043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998043" title="Castleton, Fife">
Castleton, Fife



</doc>
<doc id="6998044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998044" title="ParkZone J-3 Cub">
ParkZone J-3 Cub



</doc>
<doc id="6998046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998046" title="White-breasted mesite">
White-breasted mesite

The white-breasted mesite or white-breasted roatelo (Mesitornis variegatus) is a ground-dwelling bird endemic to Madagascar. One of three species in the mesite family, Mesitornithidae, it is classified as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). It has a small population and is restricted to five sites in the north and west of the island, and one in the east.
Description.
The white-breasted mesite is a medium-sized terrestrial bird which is often described as rail-like. The species has a white face with distinctive facial markings (a white supercilium and dark malar stripes) and a short dark straight bill. The upperparts are rufous brown, the underside is white with a tawny chest band and a barred belly. The wings are short and rounded and the bird only flies a few metres when pursued. It has a melodic song and sings in the early morning and during the day.
Ecology.
The white-breasted mesite is a forest species; living in groups of two to four individuals which can be seen resting, or feeding on the ground during the day. The brown upper plumage provides camouflage while the bird forage on the forest floor, flicking over leaf-litter to find invertebrates. Diet includes beetles, centipedes, cockroaches, crickets, flies, moths, spiders, and also seeds. Egg-laying mainly takes place from November to January with one to three white eggs with rust-coloured spots. The nests are a simple structure of interwoven twigs, within vegetation, and close to the ground.
Distribution.
The preferred habitat is undisturbed deciduous forest and the bird has a restricted distribution on five sites in the north and west of Madagascar, as well as one in the east, Ambatovaky Reserve. The northern and western sites are Analamerana Reserve, Ankarafantsika National Park, Ankarana Special Reserve, Daraina forests and Menabe forest.
Status.
The population of this species is declining and is projected to continue doing so. It is sensitive to disturbance, and its forest home is threatened by logging and forest fires. It is also subject to hunting pressure. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has classified the conservation status of this bird as ″vulnerable″.

</doc>
<doc id="6998047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998047" title="Ajahn Candasiri">
Ajahn Candasiri

Ajahn Candasiri is one of the Theravāda Buddhist monastics who co-founded Chithurst Buddhist Monastery in West Sussex, England, a branch monastery of the Ajahn Chah lineage. She is currently ordained as a ten-precept sīladharā, the highest level that is allowed for women in the Thai Forest Tradition. She is one of the senior monastics in western Theravāda Buddhism and trained alongside women who later became fully ordained bhikkhunis and abbesses of monasteries.
Born in 1947, Ajahn Candasiri was raised as a Christian in Edinburgh, Scotland. She worked as an occupational therapist in the United Kingdom after graduation from university. She encountered the Buddha's teachings in 1977 through Ajahn Sumedho, after exploring several meditation traditions. She became a renunciant in 1979, a white-robed, eight-precept anagārikā, at Chithurst Buddhist Monastery.
Ajahn Candasiri was one of four anagārikā women who carved out an existence in the early days of Chithurst Buddhist Monastery, along with a group of monks. In 1979, the monastery was little more than an abandoned, dilapidated house. After the group turned it into a functional residence, the nuns moved to a small house nearby and fixed it up. They called it Āloka Cottage and eventually founded the sīladhārā ordination community there. In 1983, Candasiri took sīladharā ordination (brown robes and ten precepts). It consisted of a unique set of 137 rules and a new version of the Patimokkha recitation created by Ajahn Sumedho so that the women monastics could be trained in Ajahn Chah's lineage. Ajahn Candasiri was one of the pioneer sīladharā monastics who were trained by bhikkhus (fully ordained monks), in parts of the Suttavibhanga and a version of the Vinaya Patimokkha. Some of the sīladharā sisters became skilled Sangha members, capable of keeping the patimokkha, living in harmony and maintaining their community with very few resources.
Ajahn Candasiri and the other sīladharās remained at the Chithurst monastery despite the sīladharās being subordinated to monastic men. Though the sīladharā community grew over the years, some began leaving to seek full Vinaya training. Ajahn Candasiri had stayed in the sīladharā community which shrank to three nuns at one point. She is one of the sīladharās who have been allowed to teach and lead retreats. She lived at Chithurst until 1999 when she moved to Amaravati Buddhist Monastery, where she continues to teach.
She is one of the most senior monastics in the Amaravati Sangha. Since 2015, she has been increasingly resident in Scotland at Milntuim Hermitage in Perthshire. Initially on her own, supported by laywomen staying with her, there is now, in 2020, usually a junior female monastic from Amaravati resident with her, when she is there.

</doc>
<doc id="6998048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998048" title="Rachel roy">
Rachel roy



</doc>
<doc id="6998054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998054" title="List of programs previously broadcast by NBC">
List of programs previously broadcast by NBC

This is a list of television programs once broadcast by the American television network NBC that have ended their runs on the network.

</doc>
<doc id="6998055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998055" title="Association of Recovering Motorcyclists">
Association of Recovering Motorcyclists

The Association of Recovering Motorcyclists (ARM) is an independent motorcycle association, founded in 1986 by Jack and Judy Jensen. The association currently have over 100 chapters in the United States, Canada, Australia, Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Guam, England, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Thailand and Netherlands.
History.
The group grew quickly in the 1980s, partly attributed to not being organized along the lines of an outlaw motorcycle club, according to Judy Jensen, such as by having the word "Independent" rather than "MC" (motorcycle club) under the ARM logo, avoiding conflict over territory or membership that would have discouraged members from joining. Judy Jensen has also officiated at weddings, where she read from a Harley-Davidson owners manual on the "importance of a good union between the oil pump and the seal, and baptized the couple with a dab of motor oil.
Structure.
Members must meet certain standards of abstinence from drugs and alcohol in order to gain and retain membership status, and must own and maintain a motorcycle of 500 cc or greater. Members are required to be part of a 12-step program.
ARM and its sister organization, Recovering Women Riders (RWR), do not publish head counts, however, they state "there is always room for one more." A contingent of ARM members was among several sober motorcycle clubs that attended the 2006 Founders Day anniversary of AA founder Dr. Bob Smith's sobriety date, June 10, 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="6998057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998057" title="Réunion Cuckoo-shrike">
Réunion Cuckoo-shrike



</doc>
<doc id="6998058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998058" title="Bob Perry (disambiguation)">
Bob Perry (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6998062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998062" title="Reversing the Charges">
Reversing the Charges



</doc>
<doc id="6998064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998064" title="Good-Turing frequency estimator">
Good-Turing frequency estimator



</doc>
<doc id="6998065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998065" title="Good-Turing estimation">
Good-Turing estimation



</doc>
<doc id="6998066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998066" title="Good-Turing">
Good-Turing



</doc>
<doc id="6998067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998067" title="Good-Turing frequency">
Good-Turing frequency



</doc>
<doc id="6998073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998073" title="Hotta Masamori">
Hotta Masamori

 was a Japanese "daimyō" of the early Edo period who was a key figure in the early decades of the Tokugawa shogunate.
Origins.
Hotta Masamori rose through the ranks of the Tokugawa shogunate; his family had a very short history with the Tokugawa family prior to his father Masayoshi's generation. Masayoshi was granted a 700 "koku" stipend and his house instituted as a hatamoto family, following his and his ancestors' service with a variety of other clans, among them the Oda, Toyotomi, Maeda, and Kobayakawa. Thanks to his distinction at the Osaka Winter Campaign, Masayoshi was granted an increase in stipend to 1000 "koku", and the family was at this level of income when Masamori succeeded his father as the family head.
Career.
The early period of Masamori's rise in the ranks can be ascribed to his relation to Lady Kasuga, the Shōgun Iemitsu's wetnurse. Because of this connection, he was close to the Shōgun, and this was to open the doors wide for his future success. In 1626 (Kan'ei-3), he received his first post as a captain of the page corps ("koshōgumi-bangashira"). His income subsequently rose to the range of 5000 "koku", and an additional 5000 "koku" was granted that year. He entered the ranks of the "fudai daimyōs" with the income of 10,000 "koku".
On the 23rd day of the 3rd month of Kan'ei 10 (1633), he was appointed a member of the "rokunin-shu" (what became the wakadoshiyori council) together with Matsudaira Nobutsuna, and was granted another 5000 "koku", together with the rank that came with being a castle lord. Masamori was subsequently shown great favor by Iemitsu, who promoted him to Rōjū on the 1st day of the 3rd month of Kan'ei 12 (1635). His income rose to 1,000,000 koku, and he was granted the fief of Matsumoto Domain, in Shinano Province. In 1642 he was moved to Sakura Domain in Shimotsuke Province, where his family remained enfeoffed at 110,000 "koku" for the remainder of the Edo period. Masamori committed "junshi" (suicide after the death of one's lord) in 1651, at the age of 44.

</doc>
<doc id="6998075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998075" title="Daily telegraph">
Daily telegraph



</doc>
<doc id="6998076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998076" title="Mesitornis variegatus">
Mesitornis variegatus



</doc>
<doc id="6998080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998080" title="Protege Moi">
Protege Moi



</doc>
<doc id="6998089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998089" title="Celestial Matters">
Celestial Matters

Celestial Matters is a science fantasy novel by American writer Richard Garfinkle, set in an alternate universe with different laws of physics. Published by Tor Books in 1996, it is a work of alternate history, as the physics of this world and its surrounding cosmos are based on the physics of Aristotle and ancient Chinese Taoist alchemy.
"Celestial Matters" won the 1997 Compton Crook Award for best first science fiction novel.
Setting.
In the world of "Celestial Matters", Ptolemaic astronomy and Aristotelian physics are valid scientific models of the surrounding world and cosmos. The Earth lies at the center of the universe, surrounded by crystal spheres which hold each of the planets, the sun and the moon, all enclosed in the sphere of the fixed stars. Earthly matter, composed of the classical four elements of earth, air, fire, and water, naturally moves in straight lines. Heavenly matter naturally rises and moves in circles. This is the universe as understood by the ancient Greeks.
The science of the ancient Chinese also applies, but as the novel is told from the perspective of the Greeks, it is less well-understood. Xi, the Chinese notion of spirit and flow, can be manipulated to move objects and energy. The Chinese five elements of earth, metal, water, wood, and fire are transmuted one into the other. Part of the central theme of the book is the two system's mutual misunderstanding and bafflement of each other.
In this world, the Delian League (Greeks) and Middle Kingdom (Chinese) have been fighting a war for nearly a thousand years, ever since the time of Alexander the Great when the warrior-culture of Sparta and the Athenian Akademe were fused into a half-world conquering force. Their technologies are locked together, however, and neither empire can gain the upper hand. Each side secretly despairs of its chances and has come to consider desperate measures.
Plot summary.
The story is narrated by Aias of Tyre, a scientist of the Delian League, who is preparing to embark on Project Sunthief as scientific commander. This project is an audacious and desperate mission to sail a spaceship carved out of a piece of the moon herself out through the spheres, to catch a piece of the sun and bring it back to earth to annihilate the Middler capital city. This, the league hopes, will finally end the war and give it victory.
The Middlers have been assassinating Delian generals and politicians, so Aias is assigned a bodyguard, Captain Yellow Hare of Sparta, a woman of Xeroki ancestry. Shortly after the launch of the moon-ship, Chandra's Tear, it becomes clear that there is a saboteur on board. Aias' old friend Ramonojon, a mathematician, has expressed doubts about the rightness of annihilating an entire city and is viewed with dark suspicion by Anaxamander, the heroic military commander of the project. Mihradarius, the fire scientist who has devised the sun-catching method, keeps his own counsel.
As sabotage, catastrophe, and exhilarating maneuvers overtake the voyage, Aias begins to wonder about the wisdom of the Delian strategy. Eventually he comes to understand the desperation of the Middle Kingdom, thanks to a Middler scientist stowaway, and they try to synthesize between them a way for the two world-spanning empires to resolve their differences. There remains a life-or-death race to earth on a crippled ship in the hope of bringing hope.

</doc>
<doc id="6998093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998093" title="John Heaton (The Bill)">
John Heaton (The Bill)



</doc>
<doc id="6998096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998096" title="Gerloc">
Gerloc

Gerloc (or Geirlaug), baptised in Rouen as Adela (or Adèle) in 912, was the daughter of Rollo, of Normandy, Count of Rouen, and his wife, Poppa of Bayeux. She was the sister of William I Longsword of Normandy.
In 935, she married William Towhead, the future Count of Poitou and Duke of Aquitaine. They had two children together before she died on 14 October 962:

</doc>
<doc id="6998097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998097" title="Rev. Dr. Patrick Ferry">
Rev. Dr. Patrick Ferry



</doc>
<doc id="6998099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998099" title="Route 54 (Delaware/Maryland)">
Route 54 (Delaware/Maryland)



</doc>
<doc id="6998101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998101" title="Langton's loops">
Langton's loops

Langton's loops are a particular "species" of artificial life in a cellular automaton created in 1984 by Christopher Langton. They consist of a loop of cells containing genetic information, which flows continuously around the loop and out along an "arm" (or pseudopod), which will become the daughter loop. The "genes" instruct it to make three left turns, completing the loop, which then disconnects from its parent.
History.
In 1952 John von Neumann created the first cellular automaton (CA) with the goal of creating a self-replicating machine. This automaton was necessarily very complex due to its computation- and construction-universality. In 1968 Edgar F. Codd reduced the number of states from 29 in von Neumann's CA to 8 in his. When Christopher Langton did away with the universality condition, he was able to significantly reduce the automaton's complexity. Its self-replicating loops are based on one of the simplest elements in Codd's automaton, the periodic emitter.
Specification.
Langton's Loops run in a CA that has 8 states, and uses the von Neumann neighborhood with rotational symmetry. The transition table can be found here: .
As with Codd's CA, Langton's Loops consist of sheathed wires. The signals travel passively along the wires until they reach the open ends, when the command they carry is executed.
Colonies.
Because of a particular property of the loops' "pseudopodia", they are unable to reproduce into the space occupied by another loop. Thus, once a loop is surrounded, it is incapable of reproducing, resulting in a coral-like colony with a thin layer of reproducing organisms surrounding a core of inactive "dead" organisms. The maximum population will be asymptotic to formula_1, where "A" is the total area of the space in cells.
Encoding of the genome.
The loops' genetic code is stored as a series of nonzero-zero state pairs. The standard loop's genome is illustrated in the picture at the top, and may be stated as a series of numbered states starting from the T-junction and running clockwise: 70-70-70-70-70-70-40-40. The '70' command advances the end of the wire by one cell, while the '40-40' sequence causes the left turn. State 3 is used as a temporary marker for several stages.
While the roles of states 0,1,2,3,4 and 7 are similar to Codd's CA, the remaining states 5 and 6 are used instead to mediate the loop replication process. After the loop has completed, state 5 travels counter-clockwise along the sheath of the parent loop to the next corner, causing the next arm to be produced in a different direction. State 6 temporarily joins the genome of the daughter loop and initialises the growing arm at the next corner it reaches.
The genome is used a total of six times: once to extend the pseudopod to the desired location, four times to complete the loop, and again to transfer the genome into the daughter loop. Clearly, this is dependent on the fourfold rotational symmetry of the loop; without it, the loop would be incapable of containing the information required to describe it. The same use of symmetry for genome compression is used in many biological viruses, such as the icosahedral adenovirus.

</doc>
<doc id="6998107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998107" title="Gautama Maharishi">
Gautama Maharishi

Gautama (, ), was a sage in Hinduism and son of Brahmin sage Dirghatamas who is also mentioned in Jainism and Buddhism. Gautama is mentioned in the Yajurveda, Ramayana, and Gaṇeśa Pūrana and is known for cursing his wife Ahalyā. Another important story related to Gautama is about the creation of river Godavari, which is also known as Gautami.
Children.
According to the Ramayana, Gautama's eldest son with Ahalya is Shatananda. But according to the Adi Parva of Mahabharata, he had two sons named Sharadvana and Cirakari. Sharadvana was also known as Gautama, hence his children Kripa and Kripi were called Gautama and Gautami respectively. A daughter of Gautama is referred too, but her name is never disclosed in the epic. In the Sabha Parva, he is described to beget many children through Aushinara (daughter of Ushinara), amongst whom the eldest in Kakshivata. Gautama and Aushinara's wedding takes place at Magadha, the kingdom of Jarasandha. According to the Vamana Purana, he had three daughters named Jaya, Jayanti, and Aparajita. 
Gautama is also have said to be the ancestor of Shvetaketu, son of Uddalaka Aruni in the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad.
Ahalyā's curse.
The "Gaṇeśa Purāṇa" and "Ramayana" describes Ahalyā as his wife. Their marriage is recorded in the Uttara Khaṇḍa, which is believed as an interpolation to the epic. As per the story Brahma, the creator god, creates a beautiful girl and gifts her as a bride to Gautama and a son named Shatananda is born. 
The "Upāsanā Khaṇḍa" mentions Gautama cursing Indra when he comes home and finds Indra in an argument with his wife. It is revealed that Indra disguised as Gautama had sexual intimacy with Ahalyā and he curses Indra with 1000 vaginas and turns Ahalyā into a stone until Rāma steps on her. Indra is eventually returned to normal after Gautama recites a mantra, and finds greatness in Gaṇeśa that he reveals to the Devas. and Ahalyā is graced by Rāma's foot. 
The "Bala Khaṇḍa" mentions that Gautama spots Indra, who is still in disguise, and curses him to lose his testicles. Gautama then curses Ahalya to stay in the Aashram for thousands of years, eating and drinking nothing but air and to be absolved only by Raam (verses 29-31).
Upaniṣads.
Gautama is mentioned in two tales inside Bṛhadāraṇyaka Upaniṣad. He speaks to Yajñavalkya with Uddālaka Āruṇi, Gārgī Vāchaknavī and other Kuru and Pañcāla sages in King Janaka's kingdom to test to see if Yajñavalkya is a great sage.
He also has a conversation with Pravāhaṇa Jaivali after Jaivali meets Śvetaketu and requests to meet his father. 
Jaivali promises to grant Gautama a boon, and describes the beauty and depth of the physical world, and teaches him how to perform yajña.

</doc>
<doc id="6998115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998115" title="Bystrá, Brezno">
Bystrá, Brezno



</doc>
<doc id="6998120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998120" title="Tom Tsuchiya">
Tom Tsuchiya

Tom Tsuchiya also known as Norikazu (born August 3, 1972) is an American artist who creates public sculpture. He is best known for bronze sculptures for Major League Baseball and the National Football League. In 2016, Tom was commissioned by Josh Rooney, the Director of Sports &amp; Entertainment at Matthews International to produce the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum plaque bas-reliefs for Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza.
Works.
Reds Legends of Crosley Field.
Tsuchiya created four life-size bronze sculptures of Cincinnati Reds players at Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S.. These sculptures, depicting Crosley Field era players involved in an imaginary ballgame, represent Joe Nuxhall pitching to Frank Robinson, Ernie Lombardi catching and Ted Kluszewski on deck. All four sculptures were completed by 2004.
Madden Most Valuable Protectors Award.
In 2009, Tsuchiya was commissioned to design and sculpt the Madden Most Valuable Protectors Award to honor the NFL's best offensive line. He created this bronze trophy as a departure from the traditional award design, integrating figures of the players into the trophy's base. On February 3, 2010, the offensive line of New Orleans Saints became the inaugural winner of the trophy.
Lux Mundi.
In September 2012, Tsuchiya completed "Lux Mundi", a 15.8 meter (52 feet) tall statue of Jesus for Solid Rock Church in Monroe, Ohio. This work replaces the statue of Jesus that was destroyed by a lightning strike in June, 2010.
Atlas Recycled.
In March 2010, Tsuchiya created "Atlas Recycled", a sustainable art sculpture that doubles as a recycling container for aluminum cans and plastic bottles. The 2.1 meter (7 feet) tall sculpture depicts the mythical Greek Titan Atlas bearing the earth on his shoulders. In addition to being a recycling aid, "Atlas" itself is made mainly from reused materials. Pieces of 14 used atlases and road maps cover the entire surface of the sculpture. Most of the polymer and steel that form the structure were reused from the creation of some of the artist's previous sculptures. To celebrate Earth Day, "Atlas" has been exhibited in Cincinnati's Fountain Square, New York City's Grand Central Terminal and Washington D.C.'s National Mall.
National Baseball Hall of Fame.
In December 2015 artist Mindy Ellis who produced a total of 76 bas-relief likeness for the National Baseball Hall of Fame induction plaques retired her commission after 20 years of service. In February 2016 Tom Tsuchiya was commissioned by Josh Rooney, the Director of Sports and Entertainment at Matthews Internationalto produce the bas-relief likeness for Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza, and has been serving since.
Other works.
Other notable works by Tsuchiya include the sculpture to honor slain baseball coach Cleveland Parker III. This sculpture features a relief portrait of Parker, a poem and a spiraling arrangement of representations of home plate, 1st, 2nd, and 3rd bases. At night, this sculpture announces its presence by emitting pulsating light created by digitally controlled LEDs located inside the sculpture's body. Tsuchiya collaborated with American poet Nikki Giovanni on this memorial who wrote a poem celebrating Cleveland Parker's life that is inscribed on the north side of the sculpture. Cleveland Parker was a Cincinnati youth baseball coach who was fatally struck by a stray bullet on July 12, 2005.
In September 17, 2011, the Cincinnati Reds unveiled Tsuchiya's statue of the great Reds catcher, Johnny Bench. Tsuchiya's fifth statue for Great American Ball Park is located near the entrance of the Cincinnati Reds Hall of Fame and Museum. The statue represents Bench in the act of throwing out a base runner. Johnny Bench stated that the unveiling of his statue was "his greatest moment."
Tsuchiya also made a statue of Joe Morgan that was dedicated in summer 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6998121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998121" title="Pink Elephants">
Pink Elephants

Pink Elephants is the second studio album by Mick Harvey, released on 27 October 1997. The album is Harvey's second in his series of Serge Gainsbourg interpretations/translations, preceded by "Intoxicated Man" and followed by "Delirium Tremens" and "Intoxicated Women".
Reception.
"Entertainment Weekly" wrote that "Harvey’s English versions of Gainsbourg songs maintain the latter’s lounge-lizard perversions, hilarious existential angst, and theatrical grandeur." "Trouser Press" called "I Love You...Nor Do I", the Anita Lane and Nick Cave duet, "erotic" and "the album’s centerpiece."
Personnel.
Technical

</doc>
<doc id="6998124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998124" title="NZ (disambiguation)">
NZ (disambiguation)

New Zealand (NZ) is a country in the southwest Pacific Ocean.
NZ or nz may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6998127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998127" title="Alfgifu">
Alfgifu



</doc>
<doc id="6998128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998128" title="Sása, Revúca">
Sása, Revúca



</doc>
<doc id="6998129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998129" title="Evoloop">
Evoloop



</doc>
<doc id="6998130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998130" title="Kyle Aaron Huff">
Kyle Aaron Huff



</doc>
<doc id="6998142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998142" title="Tower Tycoon, Anabel Enters!">
Tower Tycoon, Anabel Enters!



</doc>
<doc id="6998151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998151" title="Grade 8 (album)">
Grade 8 (album)

Grade 8 is the debut album by American nu metal/rap metal music group Grade 8. It was released on February 11, 2003 via Lava Records. The album failed to gain commercial success and resulted in Grade 8 being dropped from Lava.
Musical style.
"Grade 8" features a pummeling rap metal style with thunderous, staccato riffing in B tuning and harshly delivered rapping. Songs contain chugging double bass as well as moody, atmospheric sections. Comparable to Machine Head's "Burning Red", the album's style is largely characteristic of nu metal which had faded from mainstream popularity by 2003. Frontman Dustin Tooker explained, "It's just an honest expression of how we feel. We wrote a record we're huge fans of, just being music fans."
Lyrically, "Grade 8" contains aggressive prose of confrontation and perseverance. This is reflected in the liner notes photography which portrays various elements of a boxing ring in a dark and gritty fashion.
A cover of Rare Earth's 1971 hit "I Just Want to Celebrate" was also featured on "Grade 8" as interpreted in their heavy, metallic fashion. It includes an additional rapped verse, similar to 3rd Strike's rendition of "Paranoid" released almost a year prior.
Touring and promotion.
A music video was produced for the opening track, "Brick by Brick". It was posted online in May 2003 and found minimal airplay on Fuse TV. "Celebrate," a heavy cover of the Rare Earth hit, was released to radio on June 23 as a follow-up single. However, several tracks off the album garnered circulation on Muzak's satellite radio station, Power Rock. The song "Let 'Em Know" was also featured in the video game "".
The band joined Spineshank for a club tour schedule in the spring before taking a Second Stage slot on Ozzfest 2003. Suspicion rose, however, when Grade 8 and Depswa abruptly left the tour in mid August. Early reports cited an apparent loss of tour support funds which was not commented on by the bands' publicists. It was also noted that neither Grade 8 nor Depswa had managed to sell 10,000 copies of the latest albums upon leaving Ozzfest, suggesting that their record labels, unsatisfied with their commercial success, had discontinued their tour support. Both bands joined Chimaira for a few club shows in late August.
Shortly after this, Grade 8 was dropped from Lava after bassist Tim Tooker and drummer Michael Blankenship were fired by frontman Dustin Tooker.
"Smoke n' Mirrors" appeared in the season 5 finale of "The Sopranos".
Reception.
Critical response.
The album was not received with particular enthusiasm. Robert L. Doerschuk of AllMusic noted "Get It Out" an "AMG Track Pick" and stated, "There's no doubt that grade 8 can pummel through a set of neo-metal material and, most likely, tear it up on-stage; the only question is why that may be all it takes to make it in a style whose rules are as rigid and unforgiving as those of even the most conservative genres."
Commercial success.
"Grade 8" did not manage to chart nor did its singles. When the band abruptly ended its Ozzfest schedule in mid-August, "Grade 8" had sold just under 10,000 copies which allegedly prompted Lava to pull tour funding.

</doc>
<doc id="6998162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998162" title="Louis P. Lochner">
Louis P. Lochner

Ludwig "Louis" Paul Lochner (February 22, 1887 – January 8, 1975) was an American political activist, journalist, and author. During World War I, Lochner was a leading figure in the American and the international anti-war movement. Later, he served for many years as head of the Berlin bureau of Associated Press and was best remembered for his work there as a foreign correspondent.
Lochner was awarded the 1939 Pulitzer Prize for correspondence for his wartime reporting from Nazi Germany. In December 1941, Lochner was interned by the Nazis but was later released in a prisoner exchange.
Early life.
Family.
Louis Lochner was born February 22, 1887, in Springfield, Illinois, to Johann Friedrich Karl Lochner and Maria Lochner née von Haugwitz. The senior Lochner was a Lutheran minister. Lochner's father, Friedrich Lochner, emigrated to the United States in 1845 and assumed a position in the Lutheran pastorate in Toledo, Ohio. In 1849, Friedrich was joined by his father, along with his wife and three younger children. The Lochner paternal lineage had been residents of Nuremberg since at least the fifteenth century, with a comprehensive account of this branch documented in the family history of "Nürnbergisches Lexicon," authored by Lochner's great-grandfather. Lochner's mother, Maria, came from the old Silesian noble family, von Haugwitz. Notably, Count Christian von Haugwitz, a member of this family, served as the foreign minister for king Frederick William II of Prussia.
Shortly before his mother's death, seven years old Lochner was taken into the care of his half-sister Amalia (Molly) and her husband, John C. Bruening. Following his mother's passing, John and Molly relocated the family to Milwaukee, where John had accepted a position at the parochial school of Nazareth Lutheran Church.
Education.
Lochner attended West Division High School. He studied piano and graduated from the Wisconsin Conservatory of Music in June 1905. Following his graduation, he chose to further his education at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. During his first year at the university, Lochner was determined to secure a Rhodes Scholarship to study at Oxford University. However, he did not win the scholarship in 1906. It was during this period that Lochner enrolled in one of the first journalism courses offered by American universities. Encouraged by professor Willard G. Bleyer, he sought summer employment in journalism and, in 1908, applied for a cub reporter position at the "Milwaukee Free Press". He was interviewed and subsequently hired by the city editor, Malcolm C. Douglas.
Lochner's interest in journalism persisted beyond his tenure at the "Free Press". In his senior year (1908-1909), he helped to found the "Wisconsin Spectator", a monthly student opinion publication. Edgar E. Robinson served as the editor-in-chief, while Lochner took on the role of managing editor.
According to Lochner, his extracurricular activities at university were incredibly important for his future professional development. During his university years, Lochner joined the Philomathia Debating Society, where he was mentored by Eugene J. Marshall, the winner of the 1909 Hamilton Club Oratorical Contest in Chicago. Lochner credits Marshall’s mentoring with helping him overcome his fears of public speaking.
Lochner also became a member of the Cosmopolitan Club and the International Club. He edited the "Cosmopolitan Annual", which was later expanded into the monthly publication "Cosmopolitan Student". In 1907, Lochner was elected secretary of the local International Club and organized the convention of International and Cosmopolitan Clubs that same year. In 1908, he became the first president of the Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs.
Lochner graduated Phi Beta Kappa in earning a bachelor's degree in 1909.
After graduation, Lochner continued to pursue his interests in international relations and journalism. In addition to earning a monthly income of $80 as an Alumni Fellow in Journalism, he received a monthly grant of $100 from the World Peace Foundation in Boston in 1909. Lochner served as a delegate of his local Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs to the international student congresses held in The Hague in 1909 and in Rome in 1911.
Marriages.
On September 7, 1910, he married Emmy Hoyer; they had two children: Elsbeth and Robert. Hoyer died in 1920.
Lochner married again in 1922, his second wife being Hilde De Terra, née Steinberger, who brought Rosemarie De Terra, her daughter from her first marriage, into the family.
Political activism.
During the second decade of the 20th century, Lochner was a leading activist in the American pacifist movement. In late 1914, he was appointed Executive Director of the Chicago-based Emergency Peace Federation and worked closely with social activist Jane Addams in an attempt to call an international conference of neutral nations to mediate an end to World War I. Lochner, Addams, and their Emergency Peace Federation were instrumental in convening a national conference in Chicago in February 1915 that brought together delegates representing pacifist, religious, and anti-militarist political organizations from around the United States.
Lochner became a secretary to Henry Ford in 1915. He served as the head of publicity for Ford's ill-fated Peace Ship and he was the general secretary of the Ford-funded Neutral Conference for Continuous Mediation.
Journalist.
After the end of the war in 1918, Lochner moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to join the staff of the "Milwaukee Free Press". He also edited for the International Labor News Service, a press agency of the day.
Federated Press.
Lochner arrived in Germany in January 1921, following the death of his wife due to the Great Influenza epidemic in 1920. His relocation to Germany was part of an assignment by the news service of the Federated Press. According to Lochner, he faced financial difficulties from January 1921 to May 1924. At that time the base of his work was in Berlin. The introduction of the rentenmark, the new German currency, stabilized the hyperinflation, which consequently worsened Lochner's financial situation. Lochner realized that he could no longer support himself and his family on the salary provided by the Federated Press.
Associated Press.
In April 1924, Lochner, along with other representatives of the American press, visited the S.S. Columbus in Bremerhaven. During this visit, Lochner introduced himself to Charles Stephenson Smith, the head of the Berlin Associated Press. Lochner expressed his willingness to join the American news service and hoped his candidacy would be considered in the event of a vacancy. To his immense surprise, a couple days later, Lochner received a telephone call from Smith, who offered him a position in the Berlin bureau of the Associated Press. Lochner joined immediately, becoming the fourth member of the Berlin team, which also included Charles Stephenson Smith, Guido Enderis, and James Howe.
In 1928, Lochner was promoted to the Berlin Bureau Chief to replace Guido Enderis. He stayed in this role until his internment in 1941. Lochner interviewed Adolf Hitler twice: first in 1930 and then in 1933.
When the German invasion of Poland in 1939 led to World War II, Lochner became the first foreign journalist to follow the German Army into battle. His bravery in remaining in Nazi Germany, despite the outbreak of hostilities, to provide objective and measured news coverage was rewarded with the 1939 Pulitzer Prize for correspondence.
He reported further on the German side of the war by accompanying the German Army on the Western Front in the Netherlands, Belgium, and France and witnessing the 1940 French armistice in Compiègne.
After the December 1941 declaration of war between Germany and the United States, the German government interned Americans remaining in the Third Reich. Lochner was held for nearly five months at Bad Nauheim near Frankfurt am Main before he was released in May 1942 as part of a prisoner exchange for interned German diplomats and correspondents.
Upon his release, Lochner took eight months' leave of absence for an extended lecture tour throughout North America, which he spent publicly attacking Nazism and warning of its dangers. In that interval he wrote a book warning of the fascist menace, "What About Germany?"
From 1942 to 1944 Lochner worked as a news analyst and radio commentator for the National Broadcasting Company. Then, he departed once again for Europe and as a war correspondent until after the war ended.
Post-war.
In 1948 Lochner translated and edited a volume of diary material by the Nazi propaganda chief, Joseph Goebbels, which attained considerable commercial success. That set him on a new path as a writer of non-fiction books. In the 1950s, Lochner published a further three volumes on various aspects of German history and current affairs.
Lochner also returned to his Lutheran roots as a member of the editorial board of "The Lutheran Witness" and a columnist for "The Lutheran Layman" and "The Lutheran Witness Reporter".
In 1955, Lochner published his memoirs, "Stets das Unerwartete: Erinnerungen aus Deutschland 1921–1953" (Always the Unexpected: Recollections of Germany 1921–1953). An English-language edition was published in 1956.
Lochner spent his later years compiling a series of articles for the quarterly journal of the Wisconsin Historical Society, which was published on the campus of his alma mater, the University of Wisconsin.
Death and legacy.
Lochner died on January 8, 1975, in Wiesbaden, West Germany.
In 2005, a posthumous volume of Lochner's German journalism was published as "Journalist at the Brink: Louis P. Lochner in Berlin, 1922–1942" and was edited by Morrell Heald.
Lochner's papers are held at the Concordia Historical Institute in St. Louis, Missouri. An online finding aid is available. Many of the volumes from his personal library found their way to Valparaiso University in Indiana, an institution at which Lochner had lectured at various times during his career.
The archive of the Henry Ford Peace Expedition of 1915–1916, including scattered material by Lochner, is at Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania as part of its Peace Collection.
The papers of Lochner's son Robert, which include photographs of and correspondence by Louis Lochner, are at the Hoover Institution archives at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6998170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998170" title="Spacecub">
Spacecub



</doc>
<doc id="6998189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998189" title="Doune Hillclimb">
Doune Hillclimb

Doune Hillclimb, Carse of Cambus, near Doune in the district of Stirling, Scotland, is the home of the only round of the British Hill Climb Championship currently to be held in Scotland (Bo'ness, Fintray and the Rest And Be Thankful have featured in the past). The course has been 1476 yards (1350m) in length since 1977. However, from the first meeting in 1968 until 1973 the start line was around 33 yards (30m) further back, and from 1974 until 1976 it was located beyond what is currently the first corner.
Prior to 1968, Lothian Car Club ran rounds of the British Hill Climb Championship at the Bo'ness Hillclimb from 1948 until 1967, when a house estate was built over part of the Bo'ness track. In 1967 the hillclimb track at Doune was designed by Ray Fielding and built with the first event taking place in April 1968.
The current outright record holder is Alex Summers, who set a time of 34.21 seconds on 19 June 2022. Video of a 35.05 second run by Jos Goodyear in his GWR Raptor can be seen here: 
For many years, Doune Hillclimb hosted rounds of the Scottish Hillclimb Championship in April, June and September each year, and rounds of the British Hillclimb Championship in June and September. No meetings were held in 2020 or in April 2021 due to the global COVID-19 pandemic. The British Hillclimb Championship was scheduled to visit Doune in June 2021, but not in September of that year.
Doune Hillclimb Winners: British Hillclimb Championship.
Key: R = Course Record; FTD = Fastest Time of the Day.

</doc>
<doc id="6998194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998194" title="Polypyrimidine-tract binding protein">
Polypyrimidine-tract binding protein



</doc>
<doc id="6998197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998197" title="Brehy, Žarnovica">
Brehy, Žarnovica



</doc>
<doc id="6998201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998201" title="Seyss">
Seyss



</doc>
<doc id="6998204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998204" title="Allen du Mont">
Allen du Mont



</doc>
<doc id="6998207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998207" title="Battle Tower! Telepathy Battle!!">
Battle Tower! Telepathy Battle!!



</doc>
<doc id="6998208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998208" title="Doune hillclimb">
Doune hillclimb



</doc>
<doc id="6998213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998213" title="Nhk trophy">
Nhk trophy



</doc>
<doc id="6998215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998215" title="Asner">
Asner

Asner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6998217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998217" title="Q102">
Q102

Q102 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6998225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998225" title="Davis Dart">
Davis Dart



</doc>
<doc id="6998227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998227" title="Cyclorana novaehollandiae">
Cyclorana novaehollandiae



</doc>
<doc id="6998234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998234" title="Kolchak Night Stalker">
Kolchak Night Stalker



</doc>
<doc id="6998236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998236" title="Limnodynastes salmini">
Limnodynastes salmini



</doc>
<doc id="6998241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998241" title="Limnodynastes terraereginae">
Limnodynastes terraereginae



</doc>
<doc id="6998242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998242" title="SDSR loop">
SDSR loop



</doc>
<doc id="6998260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998260" title="Deryni Rising">
Deryni Rising

Deryni Rising is a historical fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the nineteenth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in August 1970, and was reprinted at least ten times over the next three decades. In 2004, the author released a revised and updated edition of the novel that was published by Ace Books. "Deryni Rising" was the first of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published, though some of her later works served as prequels, detailing events that occurred before the time period of "Deryni Rising". As a result, the storyline of the "Childe Morgan Trilogy" immediately precedes "Deryni Rising", despite the fact that it was published over thirty years after the first novel.
Plot introduction.
The novel is set in the land of Gwynedd, one of the fictional Eleven Kingdoms. Gwynedd itself is a medieval kingdom similar to the British Isles of the 12th century, with a powerful Holy Church (based on the Roman Catholic Church), and a feudal government ruled by a hereditary monarchy. The population of Gwynedd includes both humans and Deryni, a race of people with inherent psychic and magical abilities who have been shunned and persecuted for centuries. The book takes place almost entirely within Gwynedd's capital city of Rhemuth, and deals primarily with the struggle of young Prince Kelson Haldane to secure his throne from the machinations of a Deryni usurper.
Plot summary.
The book covers a two-week period in November 1120, beginning with the death of King Brion Haldane while leading a hunting party outside the city of Rhemuth. Immediately following Brion's death, his son and heir, Prince Kelson sends for his father's closest friend and advisor, Alaric Morgan, the Deryni Duke of Corwyn. Morgan arrives shortly before Kelson's coronation, but his efforts to assist the prince are interrupted by Kelson's mother, Queen Jehana. However, Kelson manages to thwart Jehana's attempts to imprison Morgan, and the duke resumes his efforts to protect Kelson.
Morgan informs Kelson that Brion had wielded magical powers of his own, despite the fact that Brion was not Deryni. Known as "the Haldane potential", it is a trait of the Haldane line to acquire Deryni-like powers once they have been activated in the subject. Morgan believes that Brion designed a magical ritual to awaken those powers in Kelson. Furthermore, Morgan suspects that Kelson will need those powers to defend himself from Princess Charissa Furstána-Festila, a Deryni sorceress who intends to attack Kelson during his coronation and claim the throne of Gwynedd.
During the course of the night, Morgan and his cousin, Monsignor Duncan McLain, attempt to decipher the clues left by Brion. After a bloody encounter in the royal crypt, the cousins discover that they both possess the Deryni talent for Healing, an ability that has been lost for two centuries. They eventually attempt to activate Kelson's magical abilities, but are disappointed when the ritual appears to fail. Later that night, Morgan encounters Charissa in the palace and the sorceress proudly admits to murdering Brion.
During Kelson's coronation the following morning, Charissa appears and challenges the prince to a Duel Arcane, an ancient form of magical combat. Morgan attempts to answer the challenge in his role as King's Champion, but Charissa's own champion seriously wounds the Deryni duke before being defeated, leaving Morgan unable to deal with Charissa herself. However, seeing her son's danger, Jehana attacks Charissa with magic, revealing that her fanatical hatred of Deryni has concealed her own Deryni heritage. Nonetheless, Charissa easily defeats Jehana, and Kelson is forced to personally duel with the sorceress. As the combat is about to begin, Kelson suddenly unravels the last of his father's clues and activates his own powers. Using both his Haldane powers and his newly discovered Deryni heritage, Kelson manages to defeat Charissa. With the Pretender now dead, Kelson is crowned as King of Gwynedd.
Awards and nominations.
"Deryni Rising" was a finalist for the 1971 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for outstanding work in the field of fantasy literature. The other finalists were Lloyd Alexander's "The Marvelous Misadventures of Sebastian" and Roger Zelazny's "Nine Princes in Amber". However, the award was won by Mary Stewart for her novel, "The Crystal Cave".
In 1971, "Deryni Rising" ranked 12th in an annual poll of "Locus magazine" readers, placing it between Dean Koontz's "Beastchild" and D. G. Compton's "Chronocules". (The poll was won by Larry Niven's "Ringworld".) In a 1987 poll, the readers of "Locus" ranked "Deryni Rising" as the 29th greatest fantasy novel of all time, placing it in a tie with E. R. Eddison's "The Worm Ouroboros". In 1998, "Locus" conducted a survey to determine the greatest fantasy novels published before 1990, and "Deryni Rising" was ranked 30th by the magazine's readers. Both the 1987 poll and the 1998 poll were won by J. R. R. Tolkien's "The Lord of the Rings".

</doc>
<doc id="6998275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998275" title="Three Jynx and a Baby!">
Three Jynx and a Baby!



</doc>
<doc id="6998276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998276" title="Maggid of Koznitz">
Maggid of Koznitz



</doc>
<doc id="6998290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998290" title="Battle of Bougainville">
Battle of Bougainville



</doc>
<doc id="6998300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998300" title="Bishul Yisrael">
Bishul Yisrael

Bishul Yisrael (literally "cooking of Israel" - i.e., by a Jew) is a Hebrew term for one of the laws of kashrut in Judaism. The rule prohibits eating certain foods if they are cooked exclusively by non-Jews. The term is the opposite of "bishul akum" (cooking by a non-Jew), which the rule forbids. "Akum" (עכו"ם) is an acronym of "Ovdey Kochavim U'Mazalot" (עובדי כוכבים ומזלות), literally "worshippers of stars and zodiac signs", but is actually a term for non-Jews).
This rule is part of a set of decrees instituted by the rabbis of the Talmud to prevent intermarriages with non-Jews. The prohibition of "bishul akum" applies to a formal meal prepared exclusively by non-Jews, even if the situation was one that had no other kosher food problems.
The prohibition applies only if the food is prepared "exclusively" by non-Jews. A small amount of Jewish participation can suffice to keep the food kosher. Different rabbis have different views on the absolute minimum: Sephardi poskim state that the minimum participation is to light the fire and place the pot on it to cook, while Ashkenazim are satisfied with merely lighting the fire, or even making a slight adjustment to a fire that was already lit by a non-Jew. 
The law applies only to foods that, according to the Talmud, are "fit for a king's table" and are not generally eaten raw. Foods that would not be served at a state dinner are exempt from "bishul akum", and are kosher even if cooked totally by non-Jews, provided that all the other requirements of kosher food are met. Maimonides explains that this prohibition was originally decreed in order to avoid a Jew being invited over by a non-Jew for a meal (which may lead to intermarriage), and people do not invite each other for dinner over food that is not "fit for a King's table" (Maimonides, Ma'akhalot Asurot 17:15).
In contemporary observance, "mashgichim", along with supervising food preparation, typically help start the stove and/or provide other participation in the cooking sufficient to ensure that the rule of "bishul Yisrael" is complied with.

</doc>
<doc id="6998302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998302" title="Saturday Night Palsy">
Saturday Night Palsy



</doc>
<doc id="6998309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998309" title="Žiar (Revúca District)">
Žiar (Revúca District)



</doc>
<doc id="6998315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998315" title="Brehy (Žarnovica District)">
Brehy (Žarnovica District)



</doc>
<doc id="6998319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998319" title="KQRA">
KQRA

KQRA (102.1 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Brookline, Missouri, broadcasting to the Springfield, Missouri, area. KQRA airs an active rock music format branded as "Q102-1".
The station is the local affiliate of the Lex and Terry Morning Show.

</doc>
<doc id="6998323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998323" title="Sása (Revúca District)">
Sása (Revúca District)



</doc>
<doc id="6998325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998325" title="Wolodymyr the Great">
Wolodymyr the Great



</doc>
<doc id="6998327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998327" title="KQIC">
KQIC

KQIC (102.5 FM) is an American radio station located in Willmar, Minnesota, United States.
KQIC has a strong signal that can be picked up across most of Central Minnesota. It began as an AOR station in the 1960s, but now features a hot adult contemporary format.
On January 16, 2024, KQIC was sold to Lakeland Media. On the same day, longtime morning show host Tim Burns was let go from the station.
Affiliation.
KQIC (Q102) in Minnesota is one of four stations in the Lakeland Media LLC group, which includes KOLV ("100.1 BIG Country"), KLFN ("106.5 The Train"), and KWLM ("News/Talk 1340").
As of January 16, 2024, the weekday lineup has included Eric Grieger on overnights, Laura McKenna on mornings, MaryElin Macht on middays, Jay Roberts on afternoon drive, and Molly Penny on evenings. During the workday, dayparts are supplemented with news updates from J.P. Cola and hourly sports updates from Todd Bergeth, as well as agricultural news from the Linder Farm Network.
KQIC airs syndicated programs Backtrax USA, American Top 40 and the Beacon every Sunday.

</doc>
<doc id="6998328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998328" title="Bystrá (Brezno District)">
Bystrá (Brezno District)



</doc>
<doc id="6998331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998331" title="...And The Ambulance Died In His Arms">
...And The Ambulance Died In His Arms



</doc>
<doc id="6998333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998333" title="Harewood speed Hillclimb">
Harewood speed Hillclimb

Harewood "speed" Hillclimb (the form with italics and a lower-case s is used officially) is a hillclimb near the village of Harewood, West Yorkshire, England. The track can be found on the A659 between Harewood village and Collingham, north of Leeds. In addition to national events, it hosts rounds of the British Hill Climb Championship, a Classic &amp; Historic Hillclimb and an event that includes bikes. Around 11 meetings are organised between April and September each year by the British Automobile Racing Club Yorkshire Centre.
The first event on the track took place on 16 September 1962, and Best Time of the Day was set at 51.61s by Tony Lanfranchi driving an Elva Mk VI. This was on the original 'Short Course'. The first R.A.C. Hill Climb Championship event was held in September, 1964. In the mid 1990s the track was extended to 1,584 yards (1,448 m). As of 2025, the outright hill record holder is Matt Ryder, whose time of 46.39 seconds was set on 3 July 2022 in that day's 2nd Top 12 Runoff.
Harewood Hill Climb past winners.
Key: R = Course Record.

</doc>
<doc id="6998334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998334" title="Harewood Speed Hillclimb">
Harewood Speed Hillclimb



</doc>
<doc id="6998336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998336" title="Selce (Krupina District)">
Selce (Krupina District)



</doc>
<doc id="6998337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998337" title="Harewood Hillclimb">
Harewood Hillclimb



</doc>
<doc id="6998339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998339" title="Harewood hillclimb">
Harewood hillclimb



</doc>
<doc id="6998340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998340" title="Breznička (Poltár District)">
Breznička (Poltár District)



</doc>
<doc id="6998342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998342" title="Harewood hill climb">
Harewood hill climb



</doc>
<doc id="6998344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998344" title="Harewood Hill climb">
Harewood Hill climb



</doc>
<doc id="6998346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998346" title="Harewood Hill Climb">
Harewood Hill Climb



</doc>
<doc id="6998348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998348" title="Dubno, Rimavská Sobota">
Dubno, Rimavská Sobota



</doc>
<doc id="6998350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998350" title="MAD Studio">
MAD Studio

MAD Architects (sometimes referred to as MAD) is a design practice led by founder Ma Yansong, and partners Dang Qun, and Yosuke Hayano. 

</doc>
<doc id="6998354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998354" title="Lipovec, Rimavská Sobota">
Lipovec, Rimavská Sobota



</doc>
<doc id="6998357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998357" title="Resurrection (Grade 8 album)">
Resurrection (Grade 8 album)



</doc>
<doc id="6998361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998361" title="Tomášovce, Rimavská Sobota">
Tomášovce, Rimavská Sobota



</doc>
<doc id="6998362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998362" title="Mazel Tov">
Mazel Tov



</doc>
<doc id="6998364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998364" title="Symplectic filling">
Symplectic filling

In mathematics, a filling of a manifold "X" is a cobordism "W" between "X" and the empty set. More to the point, the "n"-dimensional topological manifold "X" is the boundary of an ("n" + 1)-dimensional manifold "W". Perhaps the most active area of current research is when "n" = 3, where one may consider certain types of fillings.
There are many types of fillings, and a few examples of these types (within a probably limited perspective) follow.
All the following cobordisms are oriented, with the orientation on "W" given by a symplectic structure. Let "ξ" denote the kernel of the contact form "α".
It is known that this list is strictly increasing in difficulty in the sense that there are examples of contact 3-manifolds with weak but no strong filling, and others that have strong but no Stein filling. Further, it can be shown that each type of filling is an example of the one preceding it, so that a Stein filling is a strong symplectic filling, for example. It used to be that one spoke of "semi-fillings" in this context, which means that "X" is one of possibly many boundary components of "W", but it has been shown that any semi-filling can be modified to be a filling of the same type, of the same 3-manifold, in the symplectic world (Stein manifolds always have one boundary component).

</doc>
<doc id="6998366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998366" title="Corde della mia chitarra">
Corde della mia chitarra

"Corde della mia chitarra" ("Strings of my guitar") is a song recorded by both Italian singers Nunzio Gallo and Claudio Villa, with music composed by and Italian lyrics written by . It won the Sanremo Music Festival 1957 where it was performed by both singers and in the Eurovision Song Contest 1957 performed by Gallo. The song is the longest in Eurovision's history. Both original recordings are ranked among the top 100 most successful songs in Italy in 1957.
Background.
Conception.
"Corde della mia chitarra" was composed by with Italian lyrics by . With guitar accompaniment and with a vocal ranging between light and classical opera styles, the song is a ballad in the "chanson" style as well as the opera tones popular in Italy and Europe in the 1950s. The singer sings of his mixed feelings at seeing a former lover and realising that she is no longer interested in him. He asks the strings of his guitar to play for him alone, since she has no interest in their music anymore.
Sanremo.
On 7–9 February 1957, "Corde della mia chitarra" competed in the 7th edition of the Sanremo Music Festival performed by both Nunzio Gallo and Claudio Villa, and winning the competition. As the festival was used by Radiotelevisione italiana (RAI) to select its song and performer for the of the Eurovision Song Contest, the song became the for the contest. An experts jury appointed Gallo as the performer for Eurovision.
Eurovision.
On 3 March 1957, the Eurovision Song Contest was held at the in Frankfurt hosted by (HR) on behalf of ARD and broadcast live throughout the continent. Gallo performed "Corde della mia chitarra" fourth on the evening, following the 's "All" by Patricia Bredin and preceding 's "Wohin, kleines Pony?" by Bob Martin. Armando Trovajoli conducted the event's orchestra in the Italian entry performance that featured live guitar accompaniment by Piero Gozo. The song is the longest in the contest's history as it runs for 5 minutes and 9 seconds.
At the close of voting, it had received 7 points, placing it sixth in a field of ten. It was succeeded as Italian representative at the by "Nel blu dipinto di blu" by Domenico Modugno.
Aftermath.
Following this contest, and due to this entry's length, the rule governing the length of entries was tightened to require them to be no longer than 3.5 minutes initially and 3 minutes exactly later.
Charts.
According to the data calculated at "Hit Parade Italia" which presents weekly and top 100 yearly positions for a mix of both Italian and international songs, the version by Gallo is ranked #69 and the version by Villa the #38 most successful singles in Italy in 1957.

</doc>
<doc id="6998369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998369" title="James L. Elliot">
James L. Elliot

James Ludlow Elliot (June 17, 1943 – March 3, 2011) was an American astronomer and scientist who, as part of a team, discovered the rings around the planet Uranus. Elliot was also part of a team that observed global warming on Triton, the largest moon of Neptune.
Career.
Elliot was born in 1943 in Columbus, Ohio and received his S.B. degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1965 and his Ph.D. degree from Harvard University in 1972. He held a postdoctoral position in Laboratory for Planetary Studies at Cornell University, and joined the faculty of Cornell's Astronomy Department in 1977. After he discovered Uranus's rings alongside Edward Dunham and Jessica Mink at Cornell, he returned to MIT in 1978 to serve as Professor of Physics, Professor of Earth, Atmospheric, and Planetary Sciences, and Director of the George R. Wallace, Jr. Astrophysical Observatory until his death on March 3, 2011.
There is some debate on whether Elliot, et al. discovered the rings of Uranus, or whether William Herschel made an observation in 1797. However, scientific consensus seems to support Elliot as the discoverer.
List of discovered minor planets.
Elliot is credited by the Minor Planet Center with the discovery of seven minor planets, including the trans-Neptunian object , which he co-discovered at CTIO in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6998370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998370" title="Fleishig">
Fleishig



</doc>
<doc id="6998372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998372" title="WQTU">
WQTU

WQTU (102.3 FM, "Q102") is a radio station located in Rome, Georgia.
History.
The radio station 102.3 FM began broadcasting on May 1, 1966 as WRGA-FM, the sister FM station to WRGA (AM 1470). It was the second time an FM counterpart had been built for WRGA; a prior WRGA-FM had operated at 106.5 MHz from 1950 until being deleted on January 17, 1955. WRGA-FM initially carried a 60 percent simulcast of the AM station.
In 1977, WRGA-AM-FM was sold from Mather Payne to Mike McDougald for $750,000; McDougald immediately announced his plans to change the FM station's call letters to WQTU and program it independently, with the station adopting its present adult contemporary format. While McDougald had reached a deal to sell the stations to the newly formed Radioactivity Broadcast Group in 1988, the company—in the midst of a $10 million buying spree—fell apart after Radioactivity owner Clyde Murchison was arrested that October in an FBI sting operation; the company's partners noticed discrepancies in his background, while he claimed to be a nephew of Clint Murchison but was not recognized by a family friend. While Radioactivity was given until the end of 1988 by the equity broker in the Rome transaction to find a replacement equity partner, this did not come to pass. McDougald was named the chairman of the Hospital Authority of Floyd County in 1992; as part of a special grand jury investigation into conflicts of interest at the hospital authority, it was found that his stations received more than 80 percent of the agency's radio advertising budget even though competitors WTSH and WKCX were higher-rated.
McDougald would own the pair for 25 years, selling the stations in 2002 to Paul Stone's Southern Broadcasting Companies in a $1.6 million transaction. Stone sold the stations and other Rome radio assets in 2009 to Rome Radio Partners, with WRGA-WQTU going for $2.65 million.

</doc>
<doc id="6998373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998373" title="Fleishige">
Fleishige



</doc>
<doc id="6998378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998378" title="Hamer Budge">
Hamer Budge



</doc>
<doc id="6998381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998381" title="Langue (Knights Hospitaller)">
Langue (Knights Hospitaller)

A langue or tongue () was an administrative division of the Knights Hospitaller (also known as the Order of St. John of Jerusalem) between 1319 and 1798. The term referred to a rough ethno-linguistic division of the geographical distribution of the Order's members and possessions. Each langue was subdivided into Priories or Grand Priories, Bailiwicks and Commanderies, and was responsible for a certain sector in their administration. Each langue had an "auberge" as its headquarters, some of which still survive in Rhodes, Birgu and Valletta.
History.
The Knights Hospitaller began to take the features of a state following its acquisition of Rhodes and nearby islands in the early 14th century. The subdivision of the Order into "langues" began in 1319 during a meeting of the Chapter General in Montpellier. For the purposes of administration of the Order's possessions in Europe, the langues were divided into "grand priories", some of which were further divided into "priories" or "bailiwicks", and at the lowest level into "commandries" dealing with regional or local administration.
The head of each langue was known as a "pilier" or "bailiff". The "piliers", together with the Knights Grand Cross, the bishop, the bailiffs of the convents and the prior of the Conventual Church, sat on the Grand Council of the Order. Each "pilier" also had specific responsibilities within the order; that of France was the Hospitaller, that of Italy was the Admiral of the Order's fleet.
When the system of the langues was established in the 14th century, there were seven langues split according to ethno-linguistic divisions:
In 1462, the Langue of Aragon was divided with the creation of
The Langue of England was dissolved in the mid-16th century following the English Reformation. The langue was reinstituted by Grand Master Emmanuel de Rohan-Polduc in 1784 as the Anglo-Bavarian Langue, which also included Bavarian and Polish knights. It was housed in Auberge de Bavière, which had been built as a private palazzo.
St. John's Co-Cathedral in Valletta, which was built as the Order's conventual church, contains chapels for each of the langues.
Auberges.
The headquarters of each langue was known as an "auberge", a French word meaning inn. Auberges were first built in Rhodes in the late Middle Ages.
After the Order moved to Malta in 1530, auberges were built in Birgu between the 1530s and the 1550s, and later in Valletta from the 1570s onwards.
In the 1540s, the Governor of Tripoli was granted the authority to establish auberges in Hospitaller Tripoli.

</doc>
<doc id="6998382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998382" title="Njongonkulu Ndungane">
Njongonkulu Ndungane

Njongonkulu Winston Hugh Ndungane (born 2 April 1941) is a retired South African Anglican bishop and a former prisoner on Robben Island. He was the Bishop of Kimberley and Kuruman and Archbishop of Cape Town.
Early life.
Ndungane was born in Kokstad. He attended Lovedale High School, Alice, Eastern Cape and completed his schooling there in December 1958.
Political life and imprisonment.
In March 1960 he was involved in anti-Pass Law demonstrations while a student at the University of Cape Town and was later arrested for his anti-apartheid activities. From August 1963 he served a three-year sentence on Robben Island as a political prisoner. On his release he was served with a two-year banning order.
Church ministry.
Ndungane decided to seek ordination during his imprisonment on Robben Island. In 1971 the Most Reverend Robert Selby Taylor, Archbishop of Cape Town, sent him to St Peter’s College, Alice, Eastern Cape. He was ordained a deacon in December 1973 and a priest in July 1974. He served his first curacy in Athlone, Cape Town in the Diocese of Cape Town. In 1975 he left South Africa for King's College London, where he earned his Bachelor of Divinity and Master of Theology degrees while he was a curate in London.
After his time in London he had a short time as an assistant chaplain at St George’s Church in Paris. He returned to South Africa in 1980 and was appointed the rector of St Nicholas' Matroosfontein. Phillip Russell, archbishop of Cape Town, appointed him as his representative in the Diocese of Johannesburg
In 1984 he was mandated by Archbishop Russell to take responsibility for reopening St Bede’s Theological College, Umtata, which had been closed. In 1985 he was appointed principal of St Bede’s.
In 1991 he was elected Bishop of Kimberley and Kuruman. In September 1996 he was elected archbishop of Cape Town and Metropolitan of the Anglican Church of Southern Africa.
In 2006, he founded African Monitor, a pan-African non-profit organization that monitors both the fulfillment of the promises of both aid-giving and aid-receiving countries.

</doc>
<doc id="6998383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998383" title="Golden Beach (Paros)">
Golden Beach (Paros)

Golden Beach is a 700 metre long beach on the south eastern part of the island of Paros, Greece. It takes its name from the fine sand, which has glass elements in it and provides a sparkling effect during sunshine.
Golden Beach has become a popular destination for wind-surfers and kite-surfers from around the world due to the windy conditions inside as well as outside the small bay. The beach has been awarded the blue flag, as have many other Greek beaches. Across the beach lies the small uninhabited island of Drionisi, which can be reached only by boat. During the summer months, many visitors come to Golden Beach, not only to pursue water sports, but also to enjoy the shallow waters and the amazing scenery. There is a bus connection with the main towns of the island.
On the beach, visitors may find surf schools, scuba diving centers, beach bars and restaurants. The region around the beach is considered to be the most fertile of the whole island due to its water resources. A number of hotels are available for those who wish to spend their vacations on this side of the island.

</doc>
<doc id="6998385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998385" title="Commission on the Future of Higher Education">
Commission on the Future of Higher Education

The formation of a Commission on the Future of Higher Education, also known as the Spellings Commission, was announced on September 19, 2005, by U.S. Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings. The nineteen-member commission was charged with recommending a national strategy for reforming post-secondary education, with a particular focus on how well colleges and universities are preparing students for the 21st-century workplace, as well as a secondary focus on how well high schools are preparing the students for post-secondary education. In the report, released on September 26, 2006, the Commission focuses on four key areas: access, affordability (particularly for non-traditional students), the standards of quality in instruction, and the accountability of institutions of higher learning to their constituencies (students, families, taxpayers, and other investors in higher education). After the report's publication, implementation of its recommendations was the responsibility of U.S. Under Secretary of Education, Sara Martinez Tucker (appointed August 2006).
Formation and motivation.
A significant motivation behind the Spellings Commission's formation was the fear that the American higher education system is deteriorating and failing to prepare the American workforce for the rigors and competitiveness of the globalized marketplace. The Spellings Commission opens its report by stating that “higher education in the United States has become one of our greatest success stories.” but moving into the 21 century, the commission bluntly states in its preamble how [foreign higher education systems] are passing us by at a time when education is more important to our collective prosperity than ever. The commission emphasizes the relationship between industry, education, and the government.
Presidential commissions on education have been relatively common since The Truman Report in 1947. Other notable groups include President Eisenhower's "Committee on Education Beyond the High School," (1956), President Kennedy's Task Force on Education (1960), and President Reagan's National Commission on Excellence in Education, which produced A Nation at Risk (1983).
Report.
The published report (pdf) (first available on September 26, 2006 as a pre-publication copy), was titled "A Test of Leadership: Charting the Future of U.S. Higher Education". It proposed several solutions to the problems facing higher education today, corresponding to the primary concerns of the commission: access, affordability, quality, accountability, and innovation.
Access.
According to the Commission, access to higher education "is unduly limited by the complex interplay of inadequate preparation, lack of information about college opportunities, and persistent financial barriers" (Commission Report 5). The Commission blames the lack of communication between colleges and high schools as one source of the problem. The authors stated that "forty-four percent of university faculty members say students aren't well prepared for college-level writing, in contrast to the 90 percent of high school teachers who think they are prepared" and "only 17 percent of seniors are considered proficient in mathematics, and just 36 percent are proficient in reading." In response to those figures, the Commission proposed linking the expectations of college professors for incoming freshmen to the criteria required for students to graduate from high school by increasing communication between the two groups. The Commission "strongly encourages early assessment initiatives that determine whether students are on track for college." Another proposal of the Report was an increase in the use of open content and open source at the collegiate level to increase access to more people.
Affordability.
Another dilemma that the Commission faced regarding access to higher education was the availability of low-income families and, to a lesser extent, students of minority groups. The authors stated, "There is ample evidence that qualified young people from families of modest means are far less likely to go to college than their affluent peers with similar qualifications." The Commission recommended shortening the FAFSA form to encourage more people to apply for financial aid to lessen the stress of paying for college. The report also called for greater productivity and efficiency of the financial aid system. State funding for higher education has fallen to the lowest levels the nation has seen in two decades, and the Commission proposed that Universities be held accountable for their "spending decisions... based on their own limited resources."
Quality.
The Commission urged colleges and universities to embrace innovative ideas for new teaching methods, such as distance learning, to improve the quality of higher education. The Commission also stated that organization and nationwide reform are vital to repairing higher education problems. Modifying the curricula and assessments nationwide would help distinguish students in the academic world.
Accountability.
The Commission proposed creating a public database where all could view statistics and other information about colleges and universities to clarify the haziness of accountability. The information that would be made available in the proposed database would include the cost, price, admissions data, and college completion rates. The database could eventually even contain data such as the "learning outcomes of students." The Commission argued that colleges might have a more vested interest in the success of their students if this information were made public to prospective students and their parents.
Innovation.
American universities have not adequately prioritized innovation and creativity as important learning outcomes. The Commission advocated that "policymakers and educators need to do more to build America’s capacity to compete and innovate by investing in critical skill sets and basic research. Institutions and government agencies have failed to sustain and nurture innovation in our colleges and universities. The Commission found that the results of scholarly research on teaching and learning were rarely translated into practice, especially for those working at the grassroots level in fields such as teacher preparation and math and science education" (15). Although the Commission did not point this out, the accepted practice of research in higher education requires scholars to fit their research in with pre-existing scholarly conversations, which can limit the development of new ideas and risky experimentation. Additionally, universities and government officials enacting policy and controlling monetary resources have been slow to adapt to the future and reluctant to provide the resources necessary for creative ventures, "with the exception of several promising practices, many of our postsecondary institutions have not embraced opportunities for innovation, from new methods of teaching and content delivery to technological advances to meeting [sic] the increasing demand for lifelong learning. We also find that for their part, both state and federal policymakers have failed to prioritize supporting innovation by adequately providing incentives for individuals, employers, and institutions to pursue more opportunities for innovative, effective, and efficient practice" (16). If universities were re-structured according to interdisciplinary emphases and topics, innovation could occur efficiently: "At a time when innovation occurs increasingly at the intersection of multiple disciplines (including business and social sciences), curricula and research funding remain largely contained in individual departments" (16).
Criticism and controversy.
Commission member David Ward refused to sign the final version, citing "several issues of serious concern" including the report's tendency to attribute problems with multiple causes entirely to the state of higher education.
After the publication of the report, it has been the target of criticism from prominent individuals in higher education, including Robert Berdahl, president of the Association of American Universities (and not a commission member), who stated that the report lacked a "nuanced understanding" of the realities of higher education.
Privacy advocates have criticized the call for a national student database, which Spellings and the commission have argued should include information on individual students' performance.
Microsoft's Gerri Elliot, a commission member, sparred with other commission members over the inclusion of a discussion of the benefits of open source software and open content.
Response to commission recommendations.
The Higher Education Consumers Resource took exception to the report, citing inadequate research on root cause of the problems. With over 80% of all Americans having successfully completed 12 years of school, that fewer than 25% go on to successfully complete a college degree is meaningful. In Ohio alone, there are eight colleges that graduate less than 35% of the full-time freshman class within six years. This indicates serious institutional barriers to success within those institutions. Higher Education Consumers Resource believes academic and career advising from independent sources not beholden to the college or university is one step towards reducing dismal successful college completion rates.
But the National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education's "Measuring Up 2006: The National Report Card on Higher Education" focuses on most of the same areas as Spellings Commission report. The "report card" looks at individual states and assesses the status of their higher education since 2000. Although the National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education is not directly affiliated with the commission, there is significant overlap in not only the areas of concern, but in some of the membership (notably James B. Hunt, Jr. and Arturo Madrid). Spellings is quoted as saying that she is proud her report has similarities to the National Center's report.
One of the most controversial proposed implementations of the report's recommendations is the proposal for a federally managed system to record the progress of individual college students. The Department of Education has proposed revamp or expand the current Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System, arguing that a database is necessary to sufficiently assess the status of universities and college students nationwide. University and pro-privacy advocates fear that such a plan would require universities to submit much more information causing vast increases in cost and time commitment to the universities and could be regarded as an invasion of students' privacy. The Department of Education addresses some of these anxieties on a "Myth vs. Fact" page posted to the DOE web site on September 29, 2006.
Some universities are beginning to use and modify learning management systems to create information systems that provide for a means of articulating institutional, classroom and personal learning outcomes at all levels as well as means to consistently rate performance toward those objectives. Alternative solutions are being researched, while the Spellings commissions was seeking funding for test projects in the 2008 federal budget. "Goal Aware Tools" development effort is one such attempt.
Additionally, some disciplinary organizations, such as the National Council of Teachers of English and the Council of Writing Program Administrators, have begun to demonstrate the ways in which member institutions engage in assessment practices designed to improve student learning. They make the case, advanced in documents like the NCTE-WPA White Paper on Writing Assessment in Colleges and Universities, that good assessment is locally contextualized, based in the principles of the discipline, and must be used to improve teaching and learning at the local level.
Implementation.
Since the US Department of Education published the Spellings Commission report on September 26, 2006, Spellings has pushed for progress in implementing the recommendations, progress that faces the challenge of working with limited time before the 2008 presidential elections. This push for tangible changes in the remainder of her term has included:
Related acts.
The Higher Education Opportunity Act (enacted August 2008) has stated:
Nothing in this section shall be construed to permit the Secretary to establish any criteria that specifies, defines, or prescribes the standards that accrediting agencies or associations shall use to assess any institution’s success with respect to student achievement.

</doc>
<doc id="6998387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998387" title="Bishul akum">
Bishul akum



</doc>
<doc id="6998394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998394" title="Hurley Mountain Inn">
Hurley Mountain Inn

Hurley Mountain Inn is a restaurant/sports tavern in historic Hurley, New York.
History.
The Inn began during the early 19th century as the “Suspension Bridge House.” About the beginning of the 20th century it was renamed the Hurley Hotel, featuring a tavern and a one chair barber shop. During the early 1970s it was renamed the Hurley Mountain Inn.
For a few years it was known as a biker bar, but then a NY State Trooper barracks was sited directly across the street and the tavern became a tame flag-festooned family place, though thong-barings continued during its New Years celebrations. They claim to have the largest St. Patrick's Day celebration in New York - "latest figure, we served over of Mosey's corned beef in just 6 days! (Not to mention . of cabbage, . of potatoes and 4,000 lb of carrots!)."&lt;ref name="History/Official Website"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
The Hurley Mountain Inn was the setting for an upstate bar scene for the movie "Tootsie".

</doc>
<doc id="6998405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998405" title="Mary Carson Breckinridge">
Mary Carson Breckinridge

Mary Carson Breckinridge (February 17, 1881 – May 16, 1965) was an American nurse midwife and the founder of the Frontier Nursing Service (FNS), which provided comprehensive family medical care to the mountain people of rural Kentucky. FNS served remote and impoverished areas off the road and rail system but accessible by horseback. She modeled her services on European practices and sought to professionalize American nurse-midwives to practice autonomously in homes and decentralized clinics. Although Breckinridge's work demonstrated efficacy by dramatically reducing infant and maternal mortality in Appalachia, at a comparatively low cost, her model of nurse-midwifery never took root in the United States.
Early childhood and family.
Mary Breckinridge was born February 17, 1881, in Memphis, Tennessee, the second of four children, into the wealthy southern family of Katherine Carson and Clifton Rhodes Breckinridge. As the granddaughter of Vice President John C. Breckinridge, who served under President James Buchanan, and the daughter of an Arkansas congressman and U.S. Minister to Russia, Mary Breckinridge grew up in many places that included estates in Mississippi, Kentucky, and New York; seats of government in Washington, D.C., and Saint Petersburg, Russia; and schools in Lausanne, Switzerland, and Stamford, Connecticut. These political and family connections that provided international travel experiences, public speaking practice, and access to influential and wealthy benefactors willing to support philanthropic causes would enable her to raise private funds that would serve the impoverished residents of Leslie County, Kentucky.
Although Breckinridge was born into a prominent family with means, she was dissatisfied that her older brother was afforded a higher quality education in private schools while she and her sister were taught at home by governesses or her own mother. Though she did not experience the quality of education of her older brother, she was educated by private tutors in Washington, D.C., Switzerland and in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Several childhood connections and experiences made a lasting impression that helped prepare Breckinridge for a career committed to family-centered public health, and to a midwifery model of continuous care that would provide maternal and child nutrition, immunizations, prenatal care, birth support, and post-natal check ups.
In 1894, Breckinridge and her family moved to Russia when President Grover Cleveland appointed her father to serve as the U.S. minister to that country. They returned to the United States in 1897. Her autobiography emphasizes the story of her younger brother's birth at the American Legation in St. Petersburg, Russia as her first encounter with a trained midwife that would prove to be formative in her vision of the Frontier Nursing Service. She was 14 at the time. Her mother was attended by two physicians, a family physician and an obstetrician, as well a Russian nurse-midwife, Madame Kouchnova, who took the lead while the doctors stood by. Her mother and the young Russian Empress Alexandra of Russia, mother of the Grand Duchess Olga, chose to breastfeed their infants, at a time when women of rank customarily relied on wet-nurses. Breckinridge, born in Memphis, Tennessee, during the Reconstruction era, was fed by a wet nurse and supplemented by goat milk. Her wet nurse was a woman of color with a child of her own. Her mother had suffered from childbed fever after the birth, so she did not breastfeed her daughter. Up to the age of 13, she lived in Washington, D.C., during the winter and spent most summer months at Hazelwood, a country house in New York, with her great-aunt, Mrs. James Lees. "Grandmother Lees," as she was called by all the cousins, was born in Kentucky and spent much of her fortune educating southern children, with special care for Kentucky children. Breckinridge recalled her grandmother reading letters from the children out loud. Hence, it seemed fitting to her to later invest her inheritance from Grandmother Lees in the Frontier Nursing Service. She also visited the Oasis Plantation in the Mississippi Delta, home of her maternal uncles. It is there she learned at a young age to ride horseback, a necessary skill and signature mode of travel among the nurse-midwives of the Frontier Nursing Service.
Marriage and children.
Breckinridge entered a world where the primary roles of women were wife and mother, yet her legacy as the founder of the Frontier Nursing Service rises to the level of prominence among males in the Breckinridge family, as noted in several obituaries that discussed her many contributions to the public health of rural Kentuckians. Breckinridge's mother disapproved of her cousin Sophonisba Breckinridge's going to Wellesley College and starting a career because it meant that she would not likely return home to live. She helped to ensure that her daughter followed a more traditional path.
In 1904 at the age of 23, Breckinridge married Henry Ruffner Morrison, a lawyer from Hot Springs, Arkansas. He died in 1906 due to complications from appendicitis. There were no children from her first marriage.
In 1912 she married Richard Ryan Thompson, a Kentucky native who was serving as the president of Crescent College and Conservatory in Eureka Springs, Arkansas. Prior to having children, Breckinridge taught French and hygiene classes at the Conservatory, teaching experiences that would position her to serve in France after the war.
The couple had two children. Their daughter Polly was born prematurely in 1916 and lived only a few hours. Their son, Clifton Breckinridge ("Breckie") Thompson, born in 1914, died just two years after the death of their daughter. Having experienced the death of one husband and two children, Breckinridge committed herself to creating conditions conducive to the health and well-being of children and families.
Breckinridge left her unhappy marriage to her second husband in 1918 and resumed the use of her maiden name once the divorce became final in 1920.
Formal and practical education.
Breckinridge was governess- and tutor-educated through her primary years and sent to the boarding school of Rosemont-Dezaley at Lausanne (1896–97) for secondary education with the goal that she would learn to speak and write with social grace upon marriage. French was the language of the school, and the curriculum focused on reading and writing about history and literature. The French immersion experience and the years in the Swiss Alps would prepare Breckinridge to administer a nursing program in France after World War I and instill a love of mountains that included the Scottish Highlands, the Ozarks, and the Appalachian Range. She finished her secondary education at Miss Low's School in Stamford, CT, where she had to make social adjustments to fit in with American students and where she struggled with the Latin and mathematics for which she had no prior preparation. The frequent moving and changing of educational settings and expectations would dispose her to work that required significant adaptations. Following the death of her first husband, Breckinridge pursued higher education at St. Luke's Hospital of Nursing in New York for three years and graduated in 1910, becoming a registered nurse, before rejoining her family in Ft. Smith, Arkansas. After the deaths of her two children and the dissolution of her second marriage, she worked in the slums of Washington, D.C., supervising nurses during the 1918 influenza epidemic. Before departing for Europe, Breckinridge completed a short, intensive course in baby welfare work at the Boston Instructive District Nursing Association, working in the slums and tenements of Boston. 
Three years with the American Committee for Devastated France helped Breckinridge imagine a plan for public health in rural Kentucky with nurse-midwives situated at the center of the system. To design the details of her plan, she took several deliberate educational and administrative steps:
Breckinridge would be able to return to Kentucky with the formal education, practical experience, and administrative connections to create the Frontier Nursing Service.
European models for a visiting nurse service.
While awaiting deployment to Northern France at the end of World War I, Breckinridge accepted a contract with the Children's Bureau (Child Welfare Department of the Council of National Defense). She reported on child welfare in several states and delivered speeches to advocate for children. 
Following the Armistice, Breckinridge volunteered for the American Committee for Devastated France, where her group provided direct relief in restoring supply chains of food, seed, and medicine. She began to focus on children under 6 and pregnant and nursing mothers, caring for patients with pneumonia, impetigo, eczema, scarlet fever, and diphtheria. She attended to malnourished children with developmental delays, families who had been under frequent fire during the war, and evacuated families in the process of being reunited. Breckinridge wrote many letters home to her mother throughout her stay. In one she mentioned how much families would benefit from goat's milk. Her mother helped to organize donors and establish a goat fund. Breckinridge wrote to thank all donors, share a story of the child they had helped, and call for additional funds for beet roots to feed the goats. The goat-giver circle widened and continued to send funds.
In addition to direct relief, the American Committee for Devastated France began to rebuild a public health system in the years following the war. Breckinridge played a central role as an administrator and began her work by studying the system in place before the war as a method for imagining what system would work best for the people. There had been a system with milk stations and physicians who saw patients at a town hall. Building on that, Breckinridge developed the Child Hygiene and Visiting Nurse Service that would send nurse-midwives around the countryside and moved toward becoming a fully generalized service, caring for all ages. The American Committee for Devastated France extended their work from the Aisne to the Reims after the British unit departed. During this time, Breckinridge envisioned the service as a demonstration project, and so she kept detailed records and data to form the basis of her organizational plans. She recognized that the organizational structure of decentralized outposts in France could be mimicked in other rural areas. She would implement these ideas in her later work with the Frontier Nursing Service.
To fully realize a visiting nurse service, Breckinridge knew there would be a need for trained nurse-midwives like those from England. On leave from France, she toured facilities in London alongside professional nurse-midwives. She observed that the United States had trained nurses but neglected midwifery; that France trained midwives but overlooked nurse training; and that England trained nurse-midwives who would best serve the needs of rural communities in France and America. Breckinridge was tasked before her departure from France to devise a plan to establish a nursing school so that the work of the visiting nurse service could carry on. Although her plan to establish a French teaching hospital for nurses was never realized, she gained knowledge from the process that would help her efforts to create the Frontier Nursing Service once she returned to the United States. She returned home in the fall of 1921, able to visit with her mother, who died a month later on November 2, 1921.
Midwifery model of public health.
While in Europe, Breckinridge had met French, English, and Scottish nurse midwives and realized that people with similar training could meet the health care needs of rural America's mothers and babies. Ultimately, she found her model for FNS in the Scottish Highlands' decentralized system. Based on her survey of folk practices among the Kentucky "granny-midwives" of Leslie County, Kentucky, Breckinridge understood the systemic needs of rural Kentucky families. She also recognized the trained nurse-midwife as necessary to the system. Though she had been raised in a prominent property owning family, she often served people who lived in poverty. She would follow the example of her Grandmother Lees, who used her resources to provide for children in need. A deeply religious woman, Breckinridge considered this path to be her life's calling. 
Breckinridge returned to the U.S. in 1925 and on May 28 of that year founded the Kentucky Committee for Mothers and Babies, which soon became the Frontier Nursing Service, which provided general health care, vaccinations, pre/post natal care, and birth services. She was joined by two midwives she met in London, Edna Rockstroh and Freda Caffin. Breckinridge, her father Colonel Breckinridge (took care of the horses), nurses Edna, Freda set up the first nurses clinic in 1925 and lived together in Hyden. As there were no reliable roads, the nurses depended on horses for transportation. The FNS demonstrated that well-trained midwives could bring down mortality rates of mothers and babies. They delivered the first baby in September 1925. The nurses traveled by horseback to deliver babies day and night, in all weather. She worked closely with Ann MacKinnon in setting up the Kentucky State Association of Midwives in 1930. FNS, with the generosity of Breckinridge's investment of her inheritance and many charitable donations, established The Frontier School of Midwifery and Family Nursing, a first of its kind in the U.S.
Breckinridge had a large log house, called the Big House, built in Wendover, Kentucky to serve as her home and the Frontier Nursing Service headquarters. In 1939 she started her own midwifery school. There, Breckinridge conducted Sunday afternoon services using the Episcopal prayer book. In 1952 she completed her memoir "Wide Neighborhoods" which is still available from the University of Kentucky Press.
She continued to lead the Frontier Nursing Service until her death on May 16, 1965, at Wendover. Upon her death, FNS had treated nearly 58K patients and delivered over 14,500 babies, with only 11 maternal deaths. Though Breckinridge's professional and largely autonomous nurse service demonstrated efficacy in reducing maternal and infant death at a time when reformers sought to remedy a recognized public health crisis, physician opposition, professional nursing ambivalence, and federal legislation (Sheppard-Towner Act) steered family health toward specialized interventions and rural hospitals. Nevertheless, the Frontier Nursing University continues to provide training for professional nurse-midwives.
Breckinridge's contributions were significant for several reasons, not the least of their impact on modern nursing services in rural Appalachia. She is credited with building the first modern comprehensive health care system in the United States that focused on all aspects of a patient's wellbeing and provided professionalization programs for nursing care and midwifery. Also significant to the southeastern Kentucky region specifically, she supported the growth of healthcare facilities in remote areas.
In spite of her accomplishments, the Mary Breckinridge Task Force (formed by Frontier Nursing University) did acknowledge in 2021 that Breckinridge did hold a number of racist beliefs. It was disclosed that she refused to hire Black midwives, and would refuse to share a table with one. She advocated for white superiority, and wrote about eugenics and the value of segregation, emphasizing brotherhood over equality.
Honors.
Breckinridge received the Medaille Reconnaissance Francaise for organizing a visiting nurse association while working with the American Committee for Devastated France. In 1952 she was named Kentuckian of the Year by the Kentucky Press Association. In 1995 she was inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame.
In 1998 the United States Postal Service honored her with a 77¢ Great Americans series postage stamp. In 2010 an equestrian statue was dedicated to Breckinridge in Hyden, Kentucky.
Bibliography.
Bailey, Colleen; Conatser, Trey; Harlow, Hayley; Kirk, Katie; Kowal, Elle; McCormick, Stephanie, Eds. (April 24, 2018). "Letters from Devastation: Mary Breckinridge in the Aisne, 1919". Retrieved April 14, 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="6998406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998406" title="Yisroel Hopstein">
Yisroel Hopstein

Yisroel Hopstein (1737–1814), also known as the Maggid of Kozhnitz, was the founder of Kozhnitz Hasidism, and a noted "hasidic" leader in Poland during the late 18th and early 19th century. He was a student of both the Magid/Dov Ber of Mezeritch and Elimelech of Lizhensk, and wrote many books on Chassidus and Kabbalah.
He is sometimes referred to as "the Avodat Yisrael" for his works.
Biography.
Hopstein was born in Opatów, to his father, Shabbetai, who was at an advanced age, after having received a blessing from the Baal Shem Tov. The father was a bookbinder; his mother's name was Perl.
As a young child he was recognized as an "illui" (prodigy). He studied under the tutelage of Rabbi Shmelke of Nikolsburg, who eventually convinced Hopstein to learn with Dov Ber, the "Maggid of Mezritch". After the passing of Dov Ber, he went to learn with Elimelech of Lizhensk.
After the passing of Rabbi Elimelech of Lizansk, the Magid began to lead a community of Hassidim and thus began the establishment of Kozhnitz Hasidic dynasty.
He was known for his greatness in the Torah, both in the biblical and halachic aspect and in the kabbalistic and mystical aspect. His publication also resulted from the miracles he performed mainly in the field of healing the sick in a miraculous way through his prayer to God.
Hopstein lived for years in Kozhnitz (Kozienice), 
and died the 14th of Tishrei (September 28, 1814).
Family.
Hopstein was married to Royze. They had 3 children, (two sons and one daughter): 
Works.
Hopstein authored many works, including:

</doc>
<doc id="6998407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998407" title="One Man's Treasure">
One Man's Treasure

One Man's Treasure is the third studio album by Mick Harvey, released on 29 August 2005. It is considered Harvey's first solo album as it is his first release to feature several original composititons, with his preceding albums consisting of Serge Gainsbourg interpretations. The album includes songs written by Harvey and musicians he had produced and/or performed with, including Nick Cave, Tex, Don and Charlie, Kim Salmon, Bambi Lee Savage and Bruno Adams.

</doc>
<doc id="6998408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998408" title="Barca, Rimavská Sobota">
Barca, Rimavská Sobota



</doc>
<doc id="6998412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998412" title="Kraskovo (Slovakia)">
Kraskovo (Slovakia)



</doc>
<doc id="6998416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998416" title="Slaves On Dope">
Slaves On Dope



</doc>
<doc id="6998418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998418" title="Poproč, Rimavská Sobota">
Poproč, Rimavská Sobota



</doc>
<doc id="6998426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998426" title="Q-102">
Q-102



</doc>
<doc id="6998429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998429" title="My Own (TV series)">
My Own (TV series)

My Own is an American dating reality television series that aired on MTV in 2006. The show features a person obsessed with a celebrity, and a group of six contestants competing to win a date with the obsessed person.
The show.
The show starts with the introduction of the person who is seeking his/her singer. Then, two friends of him/her introduce themselves and the chooser, afterwards they head to the "My Own" studio, where they meet the six challengers. 
Then the trivia round starts. In this round the contestants have to answer trivia questions about the singer, followed by a mini singing and dancing round. After this round, the "chooser" chooses four contestants to pass to the next round.
In the second round, the contestants show their houses and talk a bit about their hobbies and tastes, followed by a competition that involves something that has to do with the celebrity in cause. Afterwards the chooser eliminates one contestant. 
The final three contestants perform their favorite song of the artist in cause while dressed like in the music video.
The choreographer for the show was Chantal Robson.
Artists featured.
Celebrities who were featured in searches for a partner include:

</doc>
<doc id="6998435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998435" title="Protein K (gene expression)">
Protein K (gene expression)



</doc>
<doc id="6998438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998438" title="Hurley mountain inn">
Hurley mountain inn



</doc>
<doc id="6998449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998449" title="Mughal E Azam">
Mughal E Azam



</doc>
<doc id="6998452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998452" title="Fall Into Madness">
Fall Into Madness

Fall Into Madness is Steel Attack's second album, released in June 2001. It was recorded in Studio Underground in May 2000.
Credits.
line up:

</doc>
<doc id="6998454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998454" title="Immune deficiencies">
Immune deficiencies



</doc>
<doc id="6998457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998457" title="B101">
B101

B101 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6998458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998458" title="Zlatno (Poltár District)">
Zlatno (Poltár District)



</doc>
<doc id="6998474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998474" title="Ovarian ligament">
Ovarian ligament

The ovarian ligament (also called the utero-ovarian ligament or proper ovarian ligament) is a fibrous ligament that connects the ovary to the lateral surface of the uterus.
Structure.
The ovarian ligament is composed of muscular and fibrous tissue; it extends from the uterine extremity of the ovary to the lateral aspect of the uterus, just below the point where the uterine tube and uterus meet.
The ligament runs in the broad ligament of the uterus, which is a fold of peritoneum rather than a fibrous ligament. Specifically, it is located in the parametrium.
Development.
Embryologically, each ovary (which forms from the gonadal ridge) is connected to a band of mesoderm, the gubernaculum. This strip of mesoderm remains in connection with the ovary throughout its development, and eventually spans this distance by attachment within the labia majora. During the latter parts of urogenital development, the gubernaculum forms a long fibrous band of connective tissue stretching from the ovary to the uterus, and then continuing into the labia majora. This connective tissue span, the remnant of the gubernaculum is separated into two parts anatomically in the adult; the length between the ovary and the uterus termed the ovarian ligament, and the longer stretch between the uterus and the labia majora, the round ligament of uterus.
Function.
The ovarian ligament anchors to the ovaries and the uterine horn.
Clinical significance.
The ovarian ligament may be stretched by particularly large ovarian cancers and other masses.
History.
The ovarian ligament is present in other mammals, including cats.

</doc>
<doc id="6998476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998476" title="Selce (Poltár District)">
Selce (Poltár District)



</doc>
<doc id="6998477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998477" title="B-101">
B-101



</doc>
<doc id="6998497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998497" title="Crocker Snow Jr.">
Crocker Snow Jr.

Crocker Snow Jr. (born 1940) is a former director of the Edward R. Murrow Center for Public Diplomacy at Tufts University's Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy. He is a veteran American journalist. Snow has worked at "Newsweek", WGBH public radio as a correspondent in Germany, and at the "Boston Globe" as chief foreign correspondent, national and foreign editor and assistant to the publisher. 
Early life.
Snow was born in 1940 to aviator Crocker Snow Sr. and Janice Vaughan. He was raised in Ipswich, Massachusetts, and spent summers in the family-owned Muskeget Island off of Nantucket. Snow graduated cum laude from Harvard College in 1961 with an AB in general studies. He continued his education at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy with an MA in international affairs.
Career.
In the three years between 1962 and 1965, Snow served in the U.S. Navy as an officer at sea and ashore in Sasebo, Japan. He received an honorable discharge from the Navy in 1965 when he was a Lieutenant (junior grade).
Snow's tenure at "Newsweek" was short. In 1965, he was their New England correspondent. That same year he took the post at WGBH where he reported from West Germany. He stayed with WGBH until 1967. It was following his stint at WGBH that Snow took on with the "Boston Globe", there he worked as a political reporter when he started. At the "Globe", where he would stay until 1978 he rose through the ranks quickly holding multiple positions. In 1970-71 he was the assistant managing editor, from '72 to '74 the chief foreign correspondent in Japan, Vietnam, and East Asia. From 1976 until 1978 he held two positions at the "Globe", assistant to the publisher
national and foreign editor,
From 1978 to 2001 Snow was president of "The WorldPaper", a publication he founded. The WorldPaper appeared in 27 countries and seven-language editions, including Spanish, Japanese, Chinese, Russian, Korean and Arabic.
He founded several organizations as well including The Money Matters Institute (1996) and the Global Horizons Fund (2003).

</doc>
<doc id="6998503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998503" title="Dumlupinar">
Dumlupinar



</doc>
<doc id="6998516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998516" title="A Secular Agenda">
A Secular Agenda



</doc>
<doc id="6998526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998526" title="San Diego Transportation">
San Diego Transportation



</doc>
<doc id="6998527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998527" title="0-0-1-3">
0-0-1-3

0-0-1-3 is an alcohol abuse prevention program developed in 2004 at Francis E. Warren Air Force Base based on research by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism regarding binge drinking in college students. This program was a command-led collaboration between unit leaders, base agencies, and base personnel that utilized a three-tiered approach: (1) identify and assist high risk drinkers; (2) Develop a base culture, supportive of safe and responsible behaviors, including recreational options; and (3) Partnering with the broader community to promote alcohol prevention.
Etymology.
0-0-1-3 stands for:
The first two numbers reflect the law. One drink per hour is approximately the amount the body can metabolize. Three drinks per night was selected as a target below the amounts recognized by NIAAA as binge drinking (4 drinks for women, 5 drinks per men). In both national research and at FE Warren rates of injuries, assaults, criminal behavior and other problems increase dramatically with binge drinking.
Three tier approach.
The first tier included screening of all personnel for binge drinking utilizing a measure such as the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT). Persons identified as possibly at risk were offered an alcohol screening consultation with the Alcohol and Drug Abuse Prevention and Treatment (ADAPT) program. Consistent with Air Force policy all active duty members who had alcohol-related misconduct incidents were also referred for evaluation. Based on evaluation results individuals were provided educational and motivational enhancement interventions, or if found to have a substance use disorder, entered into a treatment program.
The second tier included a primary prevention-level education of all personnel regarding low-risk alcohol use, hazards of binge drinking and illness, a social norming media campaign targeted and pilot-tested for both young adult and older adult groups, development and promotion of alternative recreational options, and use of disciplinary and legal consequences, among other actions. This included development of the name 0-0-1-3 as both a slogan and a guideline for low risk alcohol use. Personnel from the age range at highest risk for binge drinking, 18-25, were involved in development and execution of these actions.
The third tier included partnering with the Wyoming Governor's Council on Impaired Driving and the Advisory Council for the Enforcing Underage Drinking Laws Program, as well as local law enforcement, the Chamber of Commerce, and others to promote responsibility and safety regarding alcohol beverage sales, service, and use.
Initial results.
Metrics collected in 2005 showed a "74% decrease in alcohol-related incidents such as driving violations, public drunkenness, domestic violence, sexual assault, thefts, and other infractions. The base also reported 81% fewer cases of underage drinking and 45% fewer drunken-driving arrests." Multiple other military bases adopted elements of the program including a grant-funded trials at five bases. The program served as the model for the Air Force's Culture of Responsible Choices (CoRC) program.
A 0-0-1-3 program was also implemented by the senior administration of the United States Naval Academy in response to a string of alcohol-related incidents that generated a large amount of negative publicity during the 2005-2006 school year. Its primary aim there is to "promote responsible alcohol use" within the brigade of midshipmen.
Although most health professionals recommend limiting alcohol consumption to 2-4 drinks per day for men, the three drink cap has contributed the most to its massive unpopularity among the brigade, as it is designed to ensure that no midshipman is able to achieve a blood alcohol content (BAC) level above the Maryland legal driving limit of 0.08 (even when "not" driving or operating machinery).
Enforcement.
While the senior leadership at the Naval Academy insists that 0-0-1-3 is only a guideline for responsible alcohol use, its enforcement involves mandatory, random breathalyzer tests for all midshipmen regardless of age or rank. Those found in "violation" of 0-0-1-3 (evidenced by having a BAC above 0.08) are placed on record as having alcohol abuse issues, and repeat offenders are subject to severe administrative infractions, up to and including expulsion. In contrast, neither the U.S. Military Academy (West Point) nor the U.S. Air Force Academy conducts random breathalyzers or punishes students simply for blowing above a particular BAC when not driving a motor vehicle.

</doc>
<doc id="6998532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998532" title="Ace Magazines">
Ace Magazines

Ace Magazines was a comic book and pulp-magazine publishing company headed by Aaron A. Wyn and his wife Rose Wyn. The Wyns had been publishing pulp fiction under the Periodical House and A. A. Wyn's Magazine Publishers names since 1928, and published comics between 1940 and the end of 1956.
Overview.
Its most successful and longest-running superhero title was "Super-Mystery Comics" featuring Magno the Magnetic Man and his boy partner Davey, who appeared in 28 issues of the title's 48-issue run. Magno is nearly unique among superheroes for having neither an origin for his powers or any apparent secret identity. Horror comics included "Baffling Mysteries", "Hand of Fate", and "Web of Mystery", while their contribution to the crime comics was "Crime Must Pay the Penalty" (the title later shortened to "Penalty" for the final two issues). Ace's longest running series were the company's romance comics "Glamorous Romances", "Love At First Sight", "Love Experiences", and "Real Love", which began in the late 1940s as the superhero books faded away, and continued until the company ceased publishing comic books in 1956. Other long running romance titles such as "Complete Love Magazine" and "Ten Story Love" began as pulp-magazine titles before switching to comics format in the early 1950s.
A number of Ace stories were used as examples of violent and gruesome imagery in the 1950s U.S Congressional inquiries into the influence of comic books on juvenile delinquency that led to the Comics Code Authority, namely "Challenge of the Unknown #6", "Crime Must Pay the Penalty #3" and "Web of Mystery #19". "Western Adventures Comics #3" was used as an example in Fredric Wertham's "Seduction of the Innocent", and in the United Kingdom "Atomic War #4", "Beyond #18" and "World War III #2" were cited as examples by Geoffrey Wagner's 1954 book on the same subject, "Parade of Pleasure — A Study of Popular Iconography in the U.S.A".
Although characters with the same names as Ace Comics characters have appeared elsewhere (most notably Jack Kirby's Captain Victory in an early 1980s series, and several DC Comics villains called the Black Spider), after the early 1950s all their characters remained unused until 2008, when Lash Lightning and Lightning Girl appeared in flashback in Dynamite Entertainment’s "Project Superpowers". In the one-shot "Project Superpowers: Chapter Two Prelude", it was stated that the two of them will appear in this line as part of a team called The Super-Mysterymen (presumably named after the Ace title "Super-Mystery Comics").
Comics published.
Imprints.
Ace Magazine comic-book series were published through at least 17 affiliated entities:

</doc>
<doc id="6998533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998533" title="Operation Freedom Train">
Operation Freedom Train



</doc>
<doc id="6998545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998545" title="Tsan Yuk Hospital">
Tsan Yuk Hospital

Tsan Yuk Hospital is maternity hospital is located on 30 Hospital Road, Sai Ying Pun on Hong Kong Island, is a public hospital in Hong Kong, It was specialising in obstetrics and gynaecology. It also operates as a teaching and training hospital for the medical and nursing students of Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine of the University of Hong Kong.
Tsan Yuk Hospital was located at No. 36A Western Street in Sai Ying Pun after the hospital moved to the Hospital Road site in 1955.
Mission.
Tsan Yuk Hospital is run under three objectives:
In addition to offering a high-standard service, the hospital aims to help women with detected gynaecological abnormalities, and also to provide research and training facilities for doctors, nurses, medical students of the University of Hong Kong and other professionals.
History.
Tsan Yuk Hospital was originally located at the cross-section of Western Street and Third Street in Hong Kong's Sai Ying Pun area. The land on which the hospital was built was donated by the government and the $94,000 construction fee was donated by Mr. H. M. H. Nemazee, Sai Ying Pun Kai Fong Committee (西營盤街坊會) of the Fishmongers' Guild (魚販商會) and Fruit and Vegetable Sellers' Guild (蔬果販商協會). The thirty beds were donated by Tung Wah Hospital, another government hospital located in neighbouring Sheung Wan.
The hospital was opened by the English missionary group London Missionary Society on 17 October 1922. It was originally opened as a maternity hospital, with the intention to meet society's increasing demand for neonatal services, including the training of midwives and obstetricians. The London Missionary Society recruited the first foreign female doctor in Hong Kong, Dr. Alice D. Hickling, and appointed her as the director of Tsan Yuk. In her development of obstetric services, she quickly recognised the abundance of women eager to become professional midwives in Hong Kong, and had the notion to provide such training through the hospital. She suggested this to Dr. S. W. Tso (), Chairman of the Chinese Public Dispensary Committee (), and he supported her proposal. Thus forward, Tsan Yuk became one of Hong Kong's foremost maternity teaching hospitals.
In 1925, Professor Tottenham was appointed as the first obstetric professor in the University of Hong Kong. Professor Tottenham also recognised Tsan Yuk's potential as an educational hospital for teaching obstetrics and gynecology. In 1937, most of the teaching activities of these fields were transferred to Tsan Yuk Hospital, until the opening of Queen Mary Hospital a few years later. Such teaching endeavours included training for medical students and post-graduates, research facilities for doctors, and obstetric training for student nurses. Tsan Yuk's obstetric professional training was recognised by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Tsan Yuk Hospital was closed in 1944, during the Japanese colonial period of Hong Kong, and most of the furniture and equipment was moved to Nethersole Hospital.
By 1955, Tsan Yuk was experiencing bed shortages and limited places for patients. The Hong Kong Jockey Club recognised this problem and donated $3,570,000 to build a new hospital. The chosen site was on nearby Hospital Road, and on 28 October 1952 The Duchess of Kent laid the first foundation for the new hospital. Three years later, on 13 June, Sir Alexander William George Herder Grantham held the opening ceremony for the new Tsan Yuk Hospital.
New location.
In 1969, the Mrs Wu Chung Prenatal Diagnostic laboratory was established. Funded by donations from Mrs Wu Chung and the government, the laboratory was set up to screen pregnant women for possible congenital diseases or abnormalities in their babies. It also provides counselling services to women at risk if giving birth to babies with congenital defects.
To ensure that the laboratory's testing procedures and results meet international standards, the centre was enrolled in the Royal College of Pathologists of Australia Quality Assurance Programme in cytogenetics.
During the 1970s, Tsan Yuk experienced the demand for further expansion. and part of the roof was renovated into 19 single rooms, 8 double rooms and a pantry, a living room and an air-conditioned reading room, construction of which was subsidised again by the Hong Kong Jockey Club.
In 1975 the hospital set up a place to centralise the modulation of babies' milk products to combat the occurrence of infant gastrointestinal conditions.
In March 2000, the Integrated Clinic of Hong Kong West Cluster commenced operation in Tsan Yuk Hospital providing comprehensive and holistic care for patients with stable chronic illnesses. On the first of January 2005, the Clinic was relocated to the Sai Ying Pun Jockey Club Clinic located on Queen's Road West, and renamed Sai Ying Pun Family Medicine Specialist Clinic.
In the interests of quality and cost effectiveness, the obstetric and newborn inpatient services provided by Tsan Yuk were relocated to Queen Mary Hospital in November 2001. Currently, Tsan Yuk Hospital operates as a day centre providing outpatient services. In co-operation with the Maternal Child and Health Centres of the Department of Health, it also provides shared antenatal care for low risk obstetric patients, including ambulatory care. Tsan Yuk Hospital also conducts a variety of health education programmes for their patients, including such areas as care of newborns, dietary requirements of pregnant women, and family planning.
On 1 July 2007, Tsan Yuk Hospital's General Gynaecological Clinic was also moved to Queen Mary Hospital.
Lady Helen Woo Women's Diagnostic and Treatment Centre.
In 1996, the Lady Helen Woo Women's Diagnostic and Treatment Centre was established to provide comprehensive health screening and treatment services for women, including counselling and community education. In line with this mission, a Breast Screening Referral Centre was established in 1999 to provide mammography services to women. The centre has been managed by the University of Hong Kong's Department of Obstetrics &amp; Gynecology since 1 March 2004. Services are provided by a combination of specialists from the university, as well as specialist pathologists and radiologists, radiographers, registered nurses and dieticians. The centre is equipped with a mammography system, an ultrasound machine, coloscopy systems and bone densitometer that measures lumbar and pelvic bone density. It also uses the latest in cervical screening and sexual health technology.
Scope of services.
The following services are currently provided at the Specialist Outpatient Clinic under the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology:
Incident.
Hong Kong's first "baby mix-up" case.
In November 2007, Kelvin Li Kwok-yin (), born on 30 November on 1976 at Tsan Yuk Hospital, was at the centre of Hong Kong's first "baby mix-up case". Mr. Li's sister, a student in nursing, learned that it would have been biologically impossible for their mother of blood type O to give birth to her brother of blood type AB positive. Lee and his parents took DNA tests that confirmed these results of mismatched DNA with his "parents", Lui Fung-ha and Li Wai-keung.
The family was unable to obtain the hospital records, with Tsan Yuk Hospital's maternity services having been relocated to Queen Mary Hospital long ago. After numerous attempts to correspond with related authorities, Li finally met with the Hospital Authority. It refused to check the records due to privacy reasons but agreed to offer DNA tests for the people born on the same day at Tsan Yuk Hospital.
Ensuing media attention prompted two men, both born in the same hospital on the same day as Mr. Li, to come forward and submit to DNA tests. However, the results showed that there were no positive matches between their DNA and that of Mr. Li's mother.
In March 2008, the Authority sent invitation letters to 180 mothers who gave birth at Tsan Yuk Hospital between 28 November and 14 December 1976, to take the DNA tests. 30% of the 180 letters failed to be delivered, and no tangible progress was made in the case.
Chuk Yuen Children's Reception Centre was also a potential lead in solving this case of wrongful identity, where the woman Mr. Li knows as his mother left her baby for a month. The centre closed in 2003 and the files were destroyed. The Social Welfare Department later traced two of the twenty-five children who were of the same age as Mr. Li, had been to Chuk Yuen Children's Reception Centre in December 1976 and had later been adopted, but they might not have been born in Tsan Yuk Hospital.
The department sent the letters to invite two adoptive parents concerned to ask their sons to take DNA tests. One of the letters with the wrong address failed to be delivered.
For now, Mr. Li has still not confirmed his true identity.

</doc>
<doc id="6998562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998562" title="Nicolas Tolentino de Almeida">
Nicolas Tolentino de Almeida



</doc>
<doc id="6998563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998563" title="Raven Simone">
Raven Simone



</doc>
<doc id="6998567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998567" title="Biskupice, Lučenec">
Biskupice, Lučenec



</doc>
<doc id="6998569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998569" title="Tristam Speedy">
Tristam Speedy



</doc>
<doc id="6998570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998570" title="G H Cunningham">
G H Cunningham



</doc>
<doc id="6998571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998571" title="Nicoláo Tolentino de Almeida">
Nicoláo Tolentino de Almeida



</doc>
<doc id="6998574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998574" title="Nicolás Tolentino de Almeida">
Nicolás Tolentino de Almeida



</doc>
<doc id="6998577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998577" title="Gulf Developmental Road">
Gulf Developmental Road

Gulf Developmental Road is an Australian highway linking the Cairns and Normanton regions in northern Queensland, Australia. It is the only sealed (asphalt) road linking these two regions, and is designated Highway 1 in the Queensland part of the national Highway 1 network. 
Description.
In the east, the Gulf Developmental Road begins at an unnamed junction on the southern edge of Forty Mile Scrub National Park, south-west of Cairns. It runs west before terminating at its junction with the Burke Developmental Road south of Normanton, a total distance of . It links Cairns and Normanton, and is the only sealed (asphalt) road linking these two regions. It is sealed for its full length, but as of 2018 there were many sections of the road which were only single-lane bitumen, with gravel shoulders, requiring vehicles to move partly onto the shoulders. These sections extend between points about west of Georgetown and west of Mount Surprise.
Towns along the route include Mount Surprise, Georgetown and Croydon. There are no other communities along the route, but it passes through the ghost town of Cumberland. 
The Gulf Developmental Road is designated Highway 1. It is not part of the National Highway network.
Major intersections.
This road has only one major intersection, with the Gregory Highway in the locality of .
Upgrades.
The Roads of Strategic Importance initiative, last updated in March 2022, includes the following projects for the Gulf Developmental Road.
Corridor upgrade.
A lead project to upgrade the Cairns to Northern Territory border corridor, including the Gulf Developmental Road and surrounding state and council roads, at an estimated cost of $62.5 million, was commenced in 2020, with planning continuing.
Pavement strengthening and widening.
A project for pavement strengthening and widening of sections of the Gulf Developmental Road between Mount Garnet and Croydon at a cost of $21.5 million was planned to be completed by mid-2022. This project was targeted for "early works" by the Queensland Government, and was split into two packages.

</doc>
<doc id="6998578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998578" title="Sammy Pare">
Sammy Pare



</doc>
<doc id="6998586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998586" title="Electoral district of Lara">
Electoral district of Lara

Lara is a seat in the Victorian Legislative Assembly. It covers much of the area between the western suburbs of Melbourne and the regional city of Geelong. Most of the voters come from the very northern suburbs of Geelong, including Lara, Bell Post Hill and Corio. The district also includes the country towns of Anakie, Balliang and Little River but these add very few voters to the district.
The electorate was created at the 2002 state election, replacing the abolished Geelong North. A safe Labor seat like its predecessor, it was easily won by Peter Loney, formerly the MP for Geelong North. Loney faced a preselection challenge ahead of the 2006 election from upper house member John Eren, whose seat was being abolished as part of sweeping government reforms to the chamber. Facing certain defeat at the hands of the factionally connected Eren, Loney chose to retire. Eren faced little challenge in the general election, and was easily returned as the new member for Lara.

</doc>
<doc id="6998587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998587" title="The Old Witch">
The Old Witch

The Old Witch is an English fairy tale published by Joseph Jacobs in his 1894 book, "More English Fairy Tales". It is also included within "A Book of Witches" by Ruth Manning-Sanders and "A Book of British Fairy Tales" by Alan Garner. Neil Watkins has researched the story of ‘The Old Witch’. In "The Watkins Book of English Folktales" PP.55-60 Watkins records that the story was told by a nine year old girl called Nora to Ellen Chase in Deptford (now in Greater London) in 1892. Ellen Chase gave her copy of the story to Mrs Gomme, who then sent it to Joseph Jacobs. Watkins notes that “It is at once clear that the Gomme/Jacobs text is a radical revision of the original, rather than a slight brushing-up for publication.” Chase’s original notes were published in FLS News (10 1990) as ‘The Witch and her Servant’ and is re-produced in Watkins pp.58-59.
It is Aarne-Thompson tale 480, the kind and the unkind girls. Others of this type include "Frau Holle", "Shita-kiri Suzume", "Diamonds and Toads", "Mother Hulda", "Father Frost", "The Three Little Men in the Wood", "The Enchanted Wreath", "The Three Heads in the Well", and "The Two Caskets". Literary variants include "The Three Fairies" and "Aurore and Aimée".
Synopsis.
Once there was a couple who had two daughters, but their father had no work. The daughters wanted to seek their fortune, and one said she would go into service. Her mother said she could, if she could find a place.
The daughter searched but, unable to find anything, eventually came upon an oven full of bread. The bread begged the girl to take it out and she obeyed. The girl continued and eventually came to a cow that begged her to milk it which she did. She then came to an apple tree that begged her to shake down its apples which she did.
Continuing her search, the girl came upon an old witch's house and the old witch set her to clean the house, but forbade her to ever look up the chimney. One day, she did just that and bags of money fell down. The girl immediately gathered them up and fled.
Realizing what the girl had done, the old witch chased her. Each time the old witch came close to grabbing her, the apple tree and the cow hid her. When the girl came to the oven, it hid her behind it and tricked the old witch into entering, trapping her for a long time. The girl used her obtained bag of money to marry a wealthy man.
Her sister decided to try the same thing, but instead she refused to help the oven, the cow, and the apple tree. When she stole the gold, the apple tree refused to hide her and the old witch caught her, beat her, and took back the bag of money.

</doc>
<doc id="6998590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998590" title="Forever Blue (game)">
Forever Blue (game)



</doc>
<doc id="6998595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998595" title="1984 World Sportscar Championship">
1984 World Sportscar Championship

The 1984 World Sportscar Championship season was the 32nd season of FIA "World Sportscar Championship" motor racing. It featured the 1984 FIA World Endurance Championship, which was open to FIA Group C1, Group C2 and Group B cars and to IMSA GTP, GTX, GTO and GTU cars. The championship was contested over an eleven race series which ran from 23 April to 2 December 1984.
The World Endurance Championship for Drivers was won by Stefan Bellof, the World Endurance Championship for Manufacturers by Porsche, the Group C2 Prototype FIA Cup by Alba Giannini, and the FIA Grand Touring Cup by BMW.
Schedule.
The 1984 FIA World Endurance Championship was contested over an eleven race series.
† - The races at Brands Hatch, Imola and Sandown Park were qualifying rounds for the World Endurance Championship for Drivers but not for the three manufacturers awards.
Results.
Races.
Race results for the 1984 FIA World Endurance Championship were as follows:
World Endurance Championship for Drivers.
A total of 84 drivers were classified in the 1984 World Endurance Championship for Drivers.
Points were awarded to the top 10 finishers in each race on a 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1 basis, with the following exceptions: 
Only the best eight scores for each driver counted towards the championship, with any other points being discarded.
World Endurance Championship for Manufacturers.
Points were awarded to the top 10 finishers in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1.
Manufacturers were awarded points only for their best placed car with no points awarded for places gained by any additional cars.
The chassis builder and engine builder of a competing car were considered as a single entity for classification purposes.
The races at Brands Hatch, Imola and Sandown Park were qualifying rounds for the World Endurance Championship for Drivers but not for the three manufacturers awards.
Only the best six scores for each manufacturer counted towards the championship, with any other points being discarded. Discarded points are shown with brackets.
In addition to competing for the World Endurance Championship for Manufacturers, Group C2 and Group B cars also competed for their own separate awards.

</doc>
<doc id="6998605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998605" title="Pudding spice">
Pudding spice



</doc>
<doc id="6998613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998613" title="Tung Wah Eastern Hospital">
Tung Wah Eastern Hospital

Tung Wah Eastern Hospital is a charitable rehabilitation hospital located at Causeway Bay and operated by the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. The hospital was formerly called Indian General Hospital (IGH).
Opened on 27 November 1929, the hospital is located in So Kon Po, Causeway Bay and became a public hospital in 1991. It is primarily for the rehabilitation of patients who are almost ready to be discharged from the hospital system. Thus, patients are typically not severely ill or injured. This is why there are no emergency or accident facilities.
The rooftop garden, located on what would be the fourth floor, gives both staff and patients the opportunity to enjoy fresh air, sunshine and a scenic view of the local area.

</doc>
<doc id="6998615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998615" title="Čakanovce, Lucanec District">
Čakanovce, Lucanec District



</doc>
<doc id="6998616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998616" title="Ship of Fools (story)">
Ship of Fools (story)



</doc>
<doc id="6998620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998620" title="James Mustard">
James Mustard



</doc>
<doc id="6998622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998622" title="Ludwik Silberstein">
Ludwik Silberstein

Ludwik Silberstein (May 17, 1872 – January 17, 1948) was a Polish-American physicist who helped make special relativity and general relativity staples of university coursework. His textbook "The Theory of Relativity" was published by Macmillan in 1914 with a second edition, expanded to include general relativity, in 1924.
Life.
Silberstein was born on May 17, 1872, in Warsaw to Samuel Silberstein and Emily Steinkalk. He was educated in Kraków, Heidelberg, and Berlin. To teach he went to Bologna, Italy from 1899 to 1904. Then he took a position at Sapienza University of Rome.
In 1907 Silberstein described a bivector approach to the fundamental electromagnetic equations. When formula_1 and formula_2 represent electric and magnetic vector fields with values in formula_3, then Silberstein suggested formula_4 would have values in formula_5, consolidating the field description with complexification. This contribution has been described as a crucial step in modernizing Maxwell's equations, while formula_4 is known as the Riemann–Silberstein vector.
Silberstein taught in Rome until 1920, when he entered private research for the Eastman Kodak Company of Rochester, New York. For nine years he maintained this consultancy with Kodak labs while he gave his relativity course on occasion at the University of Chicago, the University of Toronto, and Cornell University. He lived until January 17, 1948.
Textbook inaugurating relativity science.
At the International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM) in 1912 at Cambridge, Silberstein spoke on "Some applications of quaternions". Though the text was not published in the proceedings of the Congress, it did appear in the Philosophical Magazine of May, 1912, with the title "Quaternionic form of relativity". The following year Macmillan published "The Theory of Relativity", which is now available on-line in the Internet Archive (see references). The quaternions used are actually biquaternions. The book is highly readable and well-referenced with contemporary sources in the footnotes.
Several reviews were published. Nature expressed some misgivings:
In his review Morris R. Cohen wrote, "Dr. Silberstein is not inclined to emphasize the revolutionary character of the new ideas, but rather concerned to show their intimate connection with older ones." Another review by Maurice Solovine states that Silberstein subjected the relativity principle to an exhaustive examination in the context of, and with respect to, the principal problems of mathematical physics taken up at the time.
On the basis of the book, Silberstein was invited to lecture at the University of Toronto. The influence of these lectures on John Lighton Synge has been noted:
Silberstein gave a plenary address at the International Congress of Mathematicians in 1924 in Toronto: "A finite world-radius and some of its cosmological implications".
Einstein–Silberstein debate.
In 1935, following a controversial debate with Albert Einstein, Silberstein published a solution of Einstein's field equations that appeared to describe a static, axisymmetric metric with only two point singularities representing two point masses. Such a solution clearly violates our understanding of gravity: with nothing to support them and no kinetic energy to hold them apart, the two masses should fall towards each other due to their mutual gravity, in contrast with the static nature of Silberstein's solution. This led Silberstein to claim that A. Einstein's theory was flawed, in need of a revision. In response, Einstein and Nathan Rosen published a Letter to the Editor in which they pointed out a critical flaw in Silberstein's reasoning. Unconvinced, Silberstein took the debate to the popular press, with "The Evening Telegram" in Toronto publishing an article titled "Fatal blow to relativity issued here" on March 7, 1936. Nonetheless, Einstein was correct and Silberstein was wrong: as we know today, all solutions to Weyl's family of axisymmetric metrics, of which Silberstein's is one example, necessarily contain singular structures ("struts", "ropes", or "membranes") that are responsible for holding masses against the attractive force of gravity in a static configuration.
Other contributions.
According to Martin Claussen, Ludwik Silberstein initiated a line of thought involving eddy currents in the atmosphere, or fluids generally. He says that Silberstein anticipated foundational work by Vilhelm Bjerknes (1862–1951).

</doc>
<doc id="6998628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998628" title="March of Ivrea">
March of Ivrea

The March of Ivrea was a large frontier county (march) in the northwest of the medieval Italian kingdom from the late 9th to the early 11th century. Its capital was Ivrea in present-day Piedmont, and it was held by a Burgundian family of margraves called the Anscarids. The march was the primary frontier between Italy and Upper Burgundy and served as a defense against any interference from that state.
History.
Upon the deposition of the Carolingian king Charles the Fat by his nephew Arnulf of Carinthia in 887, the power in Italy was assumed by the Unruoching margrave Berengar of Friuli, who received the Iron Crown of the Lombards from the hands of Archbishop Anselm II of Milan. Arnulf, King of East Francia marched against Italy to gain the Lombard crown for himself and Berengar chose to pay homage to him, which led to discord with the Italian nobility. They supported the ambitious Duke Guy III of Spoleto, who had just failed to succeed Charles in West Francia. Now, with the support of Archbishop Anselm and Pope Stephen V, Guy prevailed against Berengar and had himself crowned King of Italy at Pavia in 889.
Guy had created the March of Ivrea for his vassal Anscar in 888. Anscar and his relatives had been some of Guy's supporters in his failed quest for the French throne. The initial Eporedian march consisted of Piedmont and most of the Ligurian coast with the counties of Acqui, Alba, Asti,
, Auriate, Turin, Ivrea, Vercelli, Pombia, Stazzona, Bulgaria, Lomello, Savona, and Ventimiglia. Anscar remained a loyal supporter of Guy and his son Lambert, even when King Arnulf, called by Pope Formosus. again invaded Italy in 894. When Lambert was deposed in 896 however, Anscar turned to his rival Berengar of Friuli, who managed to secure his rule in Italy after Arnulf's death in 899. In 902 Anscar bequeathed the lands of Ivrea to his son Adalbert I, who had married Berengar's daughter Gisela.
Adalbert however was on bad terms with his father-in-law: together with Margrave Adalbert II of Tuscany he backed Berengar's Bosonid rival Louis the Blind, King of Lower Burgundy (Provence). Louis was defeated and Adalbert had to flee from his margraviate to neighbouring Provence. Nevertheless he returned with his new ally King Rudolph II, King of Upper Burgundy, They finally defeated Berengar at the Battle of Firenzuola (923). Even after Rudolph had to cede Italy to Hugh of Provence in 926, the Anscarid fortunes rose in the middle of the century and some margraves became kings of Italy. But in the early eleventh century the margraviate fell vacant and the Emperor Conrad II did not appoint a new margrave.

</doc>
<doc id="6998629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998629" title="Dark Times">
Dark Times

Dark Times may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6998631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998631" title="...For the Kids (Gym Class Heroes album)">
...For the Kids (Gym Class Heroes album)



</doc>
<doc id="6998634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998634" title="Adalbert of Ivrea">
Adalbert of Ivrea



</doc>
<doc id="6998636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998636" title="Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Fung Yiu King Hospital">
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Fung Yiu King Hospital

Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Fung Yiu King Hospital (, TWGHs Fung Yiu King Hospital in short) is a charitable geriatric service hospital operated by the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals in Sandy Bay on the Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.
History.
The hospital was known as Sandy Bay Infirmary in the 1970s. In 1986, the infirmary was renovated and expanded and soon renamed Fung Yiu King Convalescent Hospital in 1987. It was then renamed to TWGHs Fung Yiu King Hospital in 1994 as service shifted to rehabilitative treatment.

</doc>
<doc id="6998638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998638" title="Cracking knucles">
Cracking knucles



</doc>
<doc id="6998639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998639" title="James E. Graves Jr.">
James E. Graves Jr.

James Earl Graves Jr. (born 1953) is an American lawyer who serves as a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Early life and education.
The son of a Baptist minister, Graves was born and raised in Clinton, Mississippi. He attended Sumner High School in Clinton and graduated as valedictorian with the highest grade point average and ACT score in his class. Graves then attended Millsaps College and graduated in 1975 with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Sociology. After working at the Mississippi Department of Public Welfare for almost two years, he enrolled at Syracuse University College of Law, where he received his Juris Doctor in 1980. He also earned a Master of Public Administration degree from the Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs at Syracuse University in 1981. He is a practicing Seventh-day Adventist.
Legal and academic career.
Graves began his legal career as a staff attorney at Central Mississippi Legal Services in 1980. He then worked in the private practice of law for three years, before returning to public service work. Graves served as legal counsel for both the health law division and the human services division of the Mississippi Attorney General's Office. He also worked as a special assistant attorney general for the State of Mississippi and served as the director of the division of child support enforcement in the Mississippi Department of Human Services. Graves has served as a Teaching Team Member of the Trial Advocacy Workshop at Harvard Law School since 1998. He has also held the position of adjunct professor at Millsaps College, Tougaloo College, and Jackson State University. Graves has taught courses in media law, civil rights law, and sociology of law and was jurist-in-residence at Syracuse University School of Law, through 2021. Graves has also coached high school, college, and law school mock trial teams, including the Jackson Murrah High School mock trial team that won the 2001 state championship.
Judicial career.
Mississippi state judicial service.
In 1991, Governor Ray Mabus appointed Graves as a circuit court judge of Hinds County. Graves was then elected to the position later that year in a special election, in which he received seventy-seven percent of the votes cast. Graves was later re-elected without opposition in 1994 and 1998.
In 2001, Governor Ronnie Musgrove appointed Graves to the Mississippi Supreme Court. Graves later won election to the court in 2004. At the time, he was the only African-American justice on the court. The first African-Americans to serve on the Mississippi Supreme Court were Reuben V. Anderson, who served from 1985 to 1990, followed by Fred L. Banks Jr. from 1991 to 2001.
Federal judicial service.
On June 10, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Graves to be a United States circuit judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit to replace Judge Rhesa Barksdale, who assumed senior status on August 8, 2009. Although approved by Senate Judiciary Committee on December 1, 2010, the Senate failed to act on the nomination. Obama renominated Graves in January 2011, and the Senate confirmed him on February 14, 2011, making him the third African-American judge on the Fifth Circuit, after Carl E. Stewart and Joseph W. Hatchett. He received his commission on February 15, 2011.
Personal life.
Graves is married and has three children.

</doc>
<doc id="6998643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998643" title="Dungeon Twister">
Dungeon Twister

Dungeon Twister is a strategy board game with a fantasy theme. "Dungeon Twister" was created by Christophe Boelinger, who published other French games such as "Halloween Party", "A Dog's Life", and "Snowboard". "Dungeon Twister" was originally printed in French and has gained popularity worldwide with English and German releases.
History.
The "Dungeon Twister" Basic Set was produced in France in 2004 by Asmodée Éditions. It was again produced in 2005 in the U.S., also by Asmodée. In November 2009, Asmodée and Hydravision Entertainment together announced that a video game adaptation of the game would be released in Q3 2009 for Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade. In May 2012, it was announced that the Xbox 360 had been dropped in favor of PlayStation 3, with a new release slated for Q2/Q3 2012 via PlayStation Network. In late June 2012, the final release date of 3 July 2012 was announced. Boellinger stated that he liked the game, but the game saw very negative reception from critics.
On April 14, 2014, a crowdfunding project launched on Ulule, in order to make the adaptation of the game on tablets and smartphones.
Editions.
Appeared in French, English and German:
Just in French and English:
Just in French:

</doc>
<doc id="6998646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998646" title="Timarchus of Miletus">
Timarchus of Miletus

Timarchus or Timarch () was a tyrant of the ancient Greek city of Miletus in the 3rd century BC. He was put in power after the Ptolemaic conquest of Miletus in 279 BC. With Ptolemy I Epigone he led a revolt against Ptolemy II Philadelphus of Egypt in 259 BC. He was slain the next year by the Seleucid king Antiochus II Theos during the course of the Second Syrian War between the Seleucid Empire and Ptolemaic Egypt. The grateful citizens of Miletus awarded the surname of "Theos" (God) to Antiochus II for liberating their city.

</doc>
<doc id="6998647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998647" title="Valery Serdyukov">
Valery Serdyukov

Valery Pavlovich Serdyukov (; born 9 November 1945) is a Russian politician who served as governor of Leningrad Oblast in Russia (1998–2012).
Serdyukov graduated from the Saint Petersburg Mining Institute with a degree in economics.
He was appointed by the oblast governor as vice-governor in charge of industry, energy, and the environment in 1996, made lieutenant governor in December 1997, and served as acting governor since September 18, 1998. Serdyukov was elected governor in 1999 and again in 2003. In 2007, he was reappointed as governor by Vladimir Putin, the then-President of Russia, following a Kremlin-sponsored law which allowed regional governors to be appointed by the president instead of being popularly elected.
In 2012, he was replaced by Alexander Drozdenko as governor.
Personal life.
Serdyukov enjoys chess. He is married and has two adult sons and three grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="6998651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998651" title="Ombudswoman">
Ombudswoman



</doc>
<doc id="6998655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998655" title="James Allen (football player)">
James Allen (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998657" title="Homyel Voblast">
Homyel Voblast



</doc>
<doc id="6998659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998659" title="The Legend Of Paul And Paula">
The Legend Of Paul And Paula



</doc>
<doc id="6998664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998664" title="Middletown High School North">
Middletown High School North

Middletown High School North, home of the Lions, is a four-year comprehensive public high school located in Middletown Township, in Monmouth County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as one of the two secondary schools of the Middletown Township Public School District. Other students from Middletown Township attend Middletown High School South. The school also houses a 750-seat theater. Approximately 90% of North students attend college after graduation. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1936; the school's accreditation expires in July 2025.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 1,322 students and 102.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 12.9:1. There were 175 students (13.2% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 56 (4.2% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
History.
Originally known as Leonardo High School, starting in 1966 Middletown High School North was known as Middletown Township High School until the year 1976 when Middletown South opened to address overcrowding.
In 1948 in the physical education classes, black students were grouped together for line dancing while white students were organized by height.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 136th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 128th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 159th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 143rd in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 164th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state. Schooldigger.com ranked the school tied for 93rd out of 381 public high schools statewide in its 2011 rankings (an increase of 73 positions from the 2010 ranking) which were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the mathematics (87.4%) and language arts literacy (96.4%) components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
Athletics.
The Middletown High School North Lions compete in Division A North of the Shore Conference, an athletic conference comprised of public and private high schools in Monmouth and Ocean counties along the Jersey Shore. The conference operates under the jurisdiction of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 1,032 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group III for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 761 to 1,058 students in that grade range. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group IV South for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 890 to 1,298 students.
Each year, students, parents, teachers, alumni, and administrators gather for the annual Thanksgiving Day football game between Middletown North and Middletown South. The game is one of the most important events of the year for North students, and a pep rally is held before the game. At halftime, the homecoming court comes to the field to greet the fans. Through the 2015 season, South leads the series with a 27-11-1 record, including 14 consecutive victories in the Thanksgiving matchup.
The football team won the Central Jersey Group IV state sectional title in 1983, 1986 and 1996. The 1983 team finished the season with a record of 11-0 after winning the Central Jersey Group IV sectional title on an 88-yard kickoff return to start the second half to defeat Hunterdon Central Regional High School by a score of 6–0 in the playoff finals. The 1996 team beat J. P. Stevens High School by a score of 27–12 to win the Central Jersey Group IV championship game and end the season 7-2-1. The team won the Central Jersey Group IV title in 1996 with a 33–8 win in the championship game played at Giants Stadium against the previously undefeated Hillsborough High School team led by future NFL player Shawn Mayer. Middletown North's football team finished their 2014–15 season with a 7–4 record after losing to state champions and rival Middletown High School South in the second round of the state playoffs; this was Middletown North's first winning season since 2000. Coach Steve Bush was an assistant coach for the Miami Dolphins. In 2015, to commemorate the 100-year anniversary of football in Middletown, alumni of both schools played each other; The Middletown North Lion football alumni defeated the Middletown South alumni 6–3 at The Swamp, to claim the victory in what was the first-ever game of its kind in Middletown. NJ.com listed the rivalry between Middletown North and South as 11th best in their 2017 list "Ranking the 31 fiercest rivalries in N.J. HS football". Middletown South holds the overall lead with a head-to-head record of 29-12-1 through the 2017 season, which includes 16 consecutive wins by South from 2001 to 2016.
The field hockey team won the Central Jersey Group IV state sectional title in 1978, 1979, 1981 and 1988, and won the North II Group IV title in 2006.
The wrestling team won the Central Jersey Group IV title in 1996.
The ice hockey team amassed 86 wins in five seasons while reaching the Elite Eight of the NJSIAA Public Ice Hockey Tournament in 2004, 2005, and 2008, and the Frozen Four in 2004. The ice hockey team won the Public B state championship in 2015 and 2023. The team won the Dowd Cup in 2002, 2004 and 2007 and won the Handchen Cup in 2016. The team won the Shore Conference Championship in 2022 and fell short in the Handchen Cup game of the 2022 season. The annual Mayor's Cup game is when the rival schools Middletown North and Middletown South play to win the towns award of the Mayor's Cup, Middletown North now holds the trophy for two years in a row being they won the Mayor's Cup in their 2022 and 2023 season. The team won the 2023 Public B title with a 3-2 win in the championship game against Chatham High School.
The girls' soccer team won the 2005 Central, Group IV state sectional championship, edging Brick Memorial High School by a 2–1 score in the tournament final.
The boys cross country running team won the Group III state championship in 2013.
The baseball team won Group III state championship in 2022, defeating Cranford High School by a score of 5-4 in the finals to finish the season with a record of 21-10.
Renovation.
Throughout the late 1990s and early 2000s, the school renovated its teaching facilities. During the renovations, much of the school was inhospitable and sealed off. This resulted in the usage of both the upper and lower gymnasiums partitioned off into several classes, without ceilings.
The renovations were completed sometime in 2004. The new building features standard teaching facilities. The tent outside (the Middletown High School North Bubble) has remained, and is used to house sporting events. A 750-seat professional theater was also installed, which features new lighting and sound systems and hosts various professional events, as was a TV production studio, which broadcasts student produced programs across Middletown and its surrounding boroughs.
SIDS Game.
For the last six years, the Middletown North Student Council has hosted the annual Megan Biebel Memorial SIDS game to benefit research for Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. The event has raised over $100,000, and has attracted support from celebrities including singer Jon Bon Jovi. The game puts the Middletown North faculty and students up against New Jersey policemen. In recent years, the SIDS game has also held a pre-game carnival. The half-time show includes a performance by a special all-male cheerleading squad, as well as a raffle. The event is held in honor of Megan Biebel, who died of SIDS in March 2000. However, the event is not scheduled to take place in 2007, with Matt Biebel and his wife saying that they no longer wish to.
2007 will bring the "North Carnival," which will be the traditional SIDS event, but raising money for brain cancer charities.
Teachers strike.
Middletown North and the Middletown School District received national attention in the fall of 2001 when its teachers, members of the Middletown Township Education Association, went on strike for the second time in three years. The strike disrupted classes for several days, and hundreds of teachers were jailed. After the strike, many members of the union leadership stepped down. There has not been a strike since 2001.
Performing Arts Center.
Recently, the school has gained recognition for its "Performing Arts Center". The PAC can seat 750 people, and houses a professional lighting and sound system. There is no orchestra pit but a full balcony, housing the sound and light systems, is present. The theater hosts cultural and musical events, as well as various drama productions. Several political figures have appeared there.
Notable events hosted at the MHSN PAC, and open to the public, include:
Television production.
For several years Comcast Cable has run the student produced series "North in Action", which features student made movies, comedy sketches, music, and news. The series was put on hiatus in 2007, but the program is set to resume for the 2008–2009 school year. The series is filmed in the school's TV production room. Rival Middletown High School South also has a Television program.
New television series are continuously produced within the Middletown High School North TV production center. The studio serves as the main production location for Middletown's Public-access television cable TV station on Comcast channel 20.
Random drug testing.
In October 2006, the Board of Education of the Middletown School District voted on a random drug testing procedure that would require all students in extracurricular activities or with a parking space at either High School to submit their name to a pool for random selection.
Controversy has recently sparked over the target group for the random drug testing, as many students and faculty believe that students who participate in school activities are less likely to be active with drug and alcohol abuse. However, New Jersey state law prohibits the entirety of the student population be tested, and so the students in after school activities and parking spaces make up a greater majority for the testing pool.
Administration.
The school's principal is Matthew Ferri. His administration team includes the school's four assistant principals.

</doc>
<doc id="6998665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998665" title="Hinchey">
Hinchey

Hinchey is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6998667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998667" title="Ombudspeople">
Ombudspeople



</doc>
<doc id="6998670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998670" title="Ombuds officers">
Ombuds officers



</doc>
<doc id="6998672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998672" title="Margrave of Ivrea">
Margrave of Ivrea



</doc>
<doc id="6998675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998675" title="Little Sisters of the Assumption">
Little Sisters of the Assumption

The Little Sisters of the Assumption is a Roman Catholic religious institute founded in France in 1865 by Antoinette Fage (Marie of Jesus) (1824–1883) and Etienne Pernet. The declared work of the congregation is the nursing of the sick poor in their own homes. This labour they perform gratuitously and without distinction of creed.
History.
Founding.
The congregation was founded in Paris in 1865, by Etienne Pernet, an Assumptionist priest, and Marie Antoinette Fage, known in religion as "Marie de Jésus". Both had long been engaged in charitable work, Pernet while a professor in the College of the Assumption at Nîmes, and Fage as a member of the Association of Our Lady of Good Council in Paris. They met in Paris, and Pernet placed Fage in charge of the work of nursing the sick poor which he had inaugurated. Out of this movement the sisterhood grew, Marie de Jesus being the first superior.
The nursing of the sick poor was not the only purpose of the Little Sisters. They endeavoured to bring about conversions, to regularize illicit unions, to have children baptized, sent to school, and prepared for first Communion and Confirmation. They formed societies among their clients and enlisted the aid of laypeople of education and means to further the work of regeneration. The congregation had established houses in Italy, Spain, Belgium, England, Ireland, and the United States of America. The papal brief approving the congregation was issued in April 1897. The Congregation lived a modified monastic lifestyle, adapted from the Augustinians of the Assumption. Up until the liturgical reforms of 1957, the congregation prayed the Little Office of Our Lady in choir. The motherhouse was in Grenelle, Paris.
Expansion.
In 1880, the first community outside France was established in London, at the request of Henry Edward Manning. Prior to 1921, aspiring young women made their postulancy in France. Differences in language and customs sometimes made this rather difficult. That year, the congregation purchased Woodlands House near Blackheath, London for a novitiate. During the First World War, it had served as a hostel for Belgian refugees. During the 1930s, Woodlands' accommodation was expanded by the construction of an adjacent building (today called Mycenae House); the sisters left Blackheath in 1967, relocating to Paddington.
In 1947, the vicariates of England and Ireland became separate provinces.
The sisters arrived in Dublin in early 1891, at the request of the chancellor of the Archdiocese, on behalf of William Walsh, the Archbishop of Dublin. In impoverished Dublin, much of the donations for the sisters was expended on food and clothing for the poor. In 1897, the sisters extended their efforts to Kingstown; several trained at St. Michael's Hospital. A house was established in Ballyfermot in 1952. In 1978 the sisters moved from Kingstown to Ballybrack, where they continued their public health nursing and pastoral work. In 1899, six sisters established a house in Cork.
In 1946 the congregation divided into provinces. In 1949, four sisters from Dublin established a community at Holywell, followed two years later by one at Llanelli, and in 1958 in Wrexham in Wales. The sisters in Wrexham trained at Maelor Hospital. The sisters also established a community in the Diocese of Dunedin, New Zealand.
In 1949 they incorporated the Servas dos Pobres of Portugal and in 1962 the Little Sisters of Champs, founded in 1844 in Gandalou (Tarn-et-Garonne) by Jean-Baptiste Marie Delpech (1807–1887).
On April 19, 1891, at the invitation of Michael Corrigan, the Archbishop of New York, seven sisters arrived in New York City, the expense of their passage borne by a group of charitable American women. At first the sisters stayed with the Bon Secours Sisters. Within two months, one of the eight, succumbed to typhoid fever, contracted while nursing the sick. A year later they opened a house on E. Fifteenth St. A second house was opened in 1900 on W. 130th St. Initially settling on the Lower East Side, by the 1950s they had moved to Yorkville, caring for families on the East Side, in Harlem and in the South Bronx.
In 1993 there was a split in the Italian province, part of which formed the new congregation of the Sisters of Charity of the Assumption (S.C.A.).

</doc>
<doc id="6998683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998683" title="The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital at Sandy Bay">
The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital at Sandy Bay

The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital at Sandy Bay () is a paediatric hospital in Sandy Bay on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong.
For decades before the opening of the Hong Kong Children's Hospital in 2018 the hospital was the only specialist paediatric hospital in Hong Kong. Founded in 1955 by the Society for the Relief of Disabled Children, it provides specialist services in paediatric orthopaedics, spinal surgery, paediatric neurology, developmental paediatrics and paediatric dental surgery while also providing treatment, rehabilitative services and accommodation for patients over 18 years old, specifically orthopaedic patients with spinal problems.
History.
Its reputation was built first in the 1950s and 1960s, when it became known as the clinical research center that developed the "Hong Kong Operation", a breakthrough anterior approach to treat spinal tuberculosis, something that was then rife in Hong Kong's refugee squatter camps. Orthopaedic teams from the University of Hong Kong’s Department of Surgery (the forerunners of today’s Department of Orthopaedics and Traumatology at the University of Hong Kong’s Medical Centre) working at the hospital pioneered the operation, most notably the "Hodgson/Yau" surgical team of Dr (later Professor) A. R. Hodgson and Dr (later Professor) Arthur Yau Meng-choy. The pair's ground-breaking anterior approach was adopted across the world.
Until 1971, the facility was known as the "Sandy Bay Children’s Convalescent Home". During this time, it was a voluntary aided facility. The nursing teams came from the Irish Catholic religious order, The Missionary Society of St. Columban, while the majority of the day-to-day funding came from the Society for the Relief of Disabled Children, who, under the enigmatic leadership of the society's president, stockbroker Noel Croucher, ran a series of high-profile events to raise the home's profile. In 1970, Katharine, Duchess of Kent visited and when the facility upgraded from "Convalescent Home" to "Hospital" in 1971, it took her name. The Duchess remains the hospital patron. Colloquially, because of its location and its name changes, it is often simply referred to as "Sandy Bay".
The Hong Kong Hospital Authority has managed the day-to-day affairs of The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital since 1991, while the Society for the Relief of Disabled Children continues to support the hospital "with specific needs or in emerging areas of child health that are not readily available in the public health care system".
Nowadays.
Today, the pioneering spinal work continues. The hospital's Centre for Spinal Disorders provides comprehensive multidisciplinary service in the assessment, treatment and rehabilitation of patients with spinal problems and also carries out clinical research and educational programs. It is the only such facility in the region.
The Children's Habilitation Institute provides habilitation and rehabilitation programs for children with various neuro-developmental problems. It is the only such public health facility in Hong Kong and serves as a model center for habilitation and rehabilitation of children with chronic handicap in China and across Asia.
The Duchess of Kent Children's Hospital is affiliated with the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine at the University of Hong Kong and provides clinical attachment opportunities for the Faculty's medical students.

</doc>
<doc id="6998684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998684" title="WPLY (FM)">
WPLY (FM)



</doc>
<doc id="6998690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998690" title="Robert James (football player)">
Robert James (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998694" title="Michael Sinclair (football player)">
Michael Sinclair (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998695" title="Phase I environmental site assessment">
Phase I environmental site assessment

In the United States, an environmental site assessment is a report prepared for a real estate holding that identifies potential or existing environmental contamination liabilities. The analysis, often called an ESA, typically addresses both the underlying land as well as physical improvements to the property. A proportion of contaminated sites are "brownfield sites." In severe cases, brownfield sites may be added to the National Priorities List where they will be subject to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Superfund program. 
The actual sampling of soil, air, groundwater and/or building materials is typically not conducted during a Phase I ESA. The Phase I ESA is generally considered the first step in the process of environmental due diligence. Standards for performing a Phase I site assessment have been promulgated by the US EPA and are based in part on ASTM in Standard E1527-13.
If a site is considered contaminated, a Phase II environmental site assessment may be conducted, ASTM test E1903, a more detailed investigation involving chemical analysis for hazardous substances and/or petroleum hydrocarbons.
Background.
As early as the 1970s, specific property purchasers in the United States undertook studies resembling current Phase I ESAs to assess risks of ownership of commercial properties which had a high degree of risk from prior toxic chemical use or disposal. Many times these studies were preparatory to understanding the nature of cleanup costs if the property was being considered for redevelopment or change of land use.
In the United States of America demand increased dramatically for this type of study in the 1980s following judicial decisions related to liability of property owners to effect site cleanup. Interpreting the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA), the U.S. courts have held that a buyer, lessor, or lender may be held responsible for remediation of hazardous substance residues, even if a prior owner caused the contamination; performance of a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment, according to the courts' reasoning, creates a safe harbor, known as the "Innocent Landowner Defense." The original standard under CERCLA for establishing an innocent landowner defense was based upon the requirement to perform an "all appropriate inquiry" prior to ownership transfer. At such time, engineering firms started performing professional engineering reports under a variety of monikers including "Environmental Audits," "Property Transfer Screens," "Environmental Due-Diligence Reports," and "Environmental Site Assessments." In 1991, Impact Environmental coined the industry term “Environmental Site Assessment” to replace the commonly used "Environmental Audit” for property transfer studies. A 1990 Court decision, no. 89-8094 (11th Cir. May 23, 1990), United States v. Fleet Factors Corp., found that a secured creditor can be liable for property contamination under the strict, joint and several liability scheme outlined in CERCLA. As a result of this decision, banks elevated their demands for pre-transfer of all appropriate inquiries to hedge against financial risk. Starting in the New York market among banks and regional environmental consulting engineers, the term of choice evolved to Phase I Environmental Site Assessment. 
In 1998, the necessity of performing a Phase I ESA was underscored by congressional action in passing the Superfund Cleanup Acceleration Act of 1998. This act requires purchasers of commercial property to perform a Phase I study meeting the specific standard of ASTM E1527: Standard Practice for Environmental Site Assessments: Phase I Environmental Site Assessment Process.
The most recent standard is "Standards and Practices for All Appropriate Inquiries" 40 Code of Federal Regulations, Section 312 which drew heavily from ASTM E1527-13, the ASTM Standard for conducting "All Appropriate Inquiry" (AAI) for the environmental assessment of a real property. Previous guidance regarding the ASTM E1527 standard were ASTM E1527-97, ASTM E1527-00, and ASTM E1527-05.
Residential property purchasers are only required to conduct a site inspection and chain of title survey.
Triggering actions.
A variety of reasons for a Phase I study to be performed exist, the most common being:
Scope.
Scrutiny of the land includes examination of potential soil contamination, groundwater quality, surface water quality, vapor intrusion, and sometimes issues related to hazardous substance uptake by biota. The examination of a site may include: definition of any chemical residues within structures; identification of possible asbestos containing building materials; inventory of hazardous substances stored or used on site; assessment of mold and mildew; and evaluation of other indoor air quality parameters.
Depending upon precise protocols utilized, there are a number of variations in the scope of a Phase I study. The tasks listed here are common to almost all Phase I ESAs:
In most cases, the public file searches, historical research and chain-of-title examinations are outsourced to information services that specialize in such activities. Non-Scope Items in a Phase I Environmental Site Assessment can include visual inspections or records review searches for:
Observations of Non-scope Items can be reported as "findings" if requested by the report user, however, these items do not constitute recognized environmental conditions.
Preparers.
Often a multi-disciplinary approach is taken in compiling all the components of a Phase I study, since skills in chemistry, atmospheric physics, geology, microbiology and even botany are frequently required. Many of the preparers are environmental scientists who have been trained to integrate these diverse disciplines. Many states have professional registrations which are applicable to the preparers of Phase I ESAs; for example, the state of California had a registration entitled "California Registered Environmental Assessor Class I or Class II" until July 2012, when it removed this REA certification program due to budget cuts.&lt;ref name="Registered Environmental Assessor I/II Program"&gt;&lt;/ref&gt;
Under ASTM E 1527-13 parameters were set forth as to who is qualified to perform Phase I ESAs. An Environmental Professional is someone with:
A person not meeting one or more of those qualifications may assist in the conduct of a Phase I ESA if the individual is under the supervision or responsible charge of a person meeting the definition of an Environmental Professional when concluding such activities.
Most site assessments are conducted by private companies independent of the owner or potential purchaser of the land.
Examples.
While there are myriad sites that have been analyzed to date within the United States, the following list will serve as examples of the subject matter:
International context.
In Japan, with the passage of the 2003 "Soil Contamination Countermeasures Law", there is a strong movement to conduct Phase I studies more routinely. At least one jurisdiction in Canada (Ontario) now requires the completion of a Phase I prior to the transfer of some types of industrial properties. Some parts of Europe began to conduct Phase I studies on selected properties in the 1990s, but still lack the comprehensive attention given to virtually all major real estate transactions in the USA.
In the United Kingdom contaminated land regulation is outlined in the Environment Act 1995. The Environment Agency of England and Wales have produced a set of guidance; CLEA a standardized approach to the assessment of land contamination. A Phase 1 Desktop Study is often required in support of a planning application. These reports must be assembled by a "competent person".
Other environmental site assessment types.
There are several other report types that have some resemblance in name or degree of detail to the Phase I Environmental Site Assessment:
Phase II Environmental Site Assessment is an "intrusive" investigation which collects original samples of soil, groundwater or building materials to analyze for quantitative values of various contaminants. This investigation is normally undertaken when a Phase I ESA determines a likelihood of site contamination. The most frequent substances tested are petroleum hydrocarbons, heavy metals, pesticides, solvents, asbestos and mold.
Phase III Environmental Site Assessment is an investigation involving remediation of a site. Phase III investigations aim to delineate the physical extent of contamination based on recommendations made in Phase II assessments. Phase III investigations may involve intensive testing, sampling, and monitoring, "fate and transport" studies and other modeling, and the design of feasibility studies for remediation and remedial plans. This study normally involves assessment of alternative cleanup methods, costs and logistics. The associated reportage details the steps taken to perform site cleanup and the follow-up monitoring for residual contaminants.
Limited Phase I Environmental Site Assessment is a truncated Phase I ESA, normally omitting one or more work segments such as the site visit or certain of the file searches. When the field visit component is deleted the study is sometimes called a Transaction Screen.
Environmental Assessment has little to do with the subject of hazardous substance liability, but rather is a study preliminary to an Environmental Impact Statement, which identifies environmental impacts of a land development action and analyzes a broad set of parameters including biodiversity, environmental noise, water pollution, air pollution, traffic, geotechnical risks, visual impacts, public safety issues and also hazardous substance issues.
SBA Phase I Environmental Site Assessment means properties purchased through the United States Small Business Administration's 504 Fixed Asset Financing Program require specific and often higher due diligence requirements than regular Real Estate transactions. Due diligence requirements are determined according to the NAICS codes associated with the prior business use of the property. There are 58 specific NAICS codes that require Phase I Investigations. These include, but are not limited to: Funeral Homes, Dry Cleaners, and Gas Stations. The SBA also requires Phase II Environmental Site Assessment to be performed on any Gas Station that has been in operation for more than 5 years. The additional cost to perform this assessment cannot be included in the amount requested in the loan and adds significant costs to the borrower.
Freddie Mac/Fannie Mae Phase I Environmental Site Assessments are two specialized types of Phase I ESAs that are required when a loan is financed through Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae. The scopes of work are based on the ASTM E1527-05 Standard but have specific requirements including the following: the percent and scope of the property inspection; requirements for radon testing; asbestos and lead-based paint testing and operations-and-maintenance (O&amp;M) plans to manage the hazards in place; lead in drinking water; and mold inspection. For condominiums, Fannie Mae requires a Phase I ESA anytime the initial underwriting analysis indicates environmental concerns.
HUD Phase I Environmental Site Assessment
The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development also requires a Phase I ESA for any condominium under construction that wishes to offer an FHA insured loan to potential buyers.

</doc>
<doc id="6998710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998710" title="Carlos Alvarez (football player)">
Carlos Alvarez (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998717" title="Mike Taylor (football player)">
Mike Taylor (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998721" title="Sophomore surge">
Sophomore surge

A sophomore surge (sometimes referred to in the United Kingdom as first-term incumbency bonus) is a term used in the political science of the United States Congress that refers to an increase in votes that congressional candidates (candidates for the House of Representatives) usually receive when running for their first re-election. The phrase has been adopted in Australia by psephologist Malcolm Mackerras who is well known for his electoral pendulums.
History.
This phenomenon first started in the 1960s. As of 1998, freshman candidates running for a second term now get eight to ten percent more votes than when they were elected for their first term. (Over ninety percent of all incumbent House members are reelected.) Senate members also currently benefit from a sophomore surge, though it is to a lesser degree.
The reason for the sophomore surge is attributed to the fact that congressmen have figured out how to run personal campaigns rather than party campaigns. They make use of their free, or “franked,” mail; frequent home trips; radio and television broadcasts; and service distribution to their districts in order to create a good opinion of themselves, not their party, among their constituents. 

</doc>
<doc id="6998723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998723" title="James Fitzpatrick (football player)">
James Fitzpatrick (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998724" title="Tung Wah Hospital">
Tung Wah Hospital

Tung Wah Hospital is a charitable hospital in Hong Kong under the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. Located above Possession Point at 12 Po Yan Street in Sheung Wan, it is the first hospital established in colonial Hong Kong for the general public in the 1870s.
History.
The hospital was declared for construction on 26 March 1870 under the "Tung Wah Hospital Incorporation Ordinance". The push for the facility's construction began when the British colony's registrar general saw an indiscriminate mix of the dead and dying huddled together in the nearby , a small temple built at Tai Ping Shan Street. The large number of deaths were in part due to the arrival of the upcoming Third Pandemic of bubonic plague from China, though it was not declared an official establishment until 1872. 
The hospital was subsidized by the government at a price of along with in land grant. The grand opening on 14 February 1872 was considered the grandest ever witnessed in colonial Hong Kong. A lot of cultural prejudice existed at the time, with Chinese citizens not trusting western medicine and other practices such as surgery. Many of them would rather die than be admitted into a western clinic. 
In 1911, the government enacted Ordinance No. 38, known as the "1911 Expansion of Tung Wah Hospital Ordinance", to help deal with the population growth of Kowloon and the New Territories along with Kwong Wah Hospital.
Background.
With 633 beds, including 494 for in-patients, 93 for day patients and 46 rehabilitation day places, it is the second largest general hospital in Hong Kong West Cluster. The Main Block of Tung Wah Hospital is graded as Grade I historic building. It is affiliated with the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine of the University of Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="6998731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998731" title="I Married a Strange Person">
I Married a Strange Person



</doc>
<doc id="6998741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998741" title="Robert Johnson (football player)">
Robert Johnson (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998746" title="Dogu Beyazıt">
Dogu Beyazıt



</doc>
<doc id="6998747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998747" title="Dogu Beyazit">
Dogu Beyazit



</doc>
<doc id="6998752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998752" title="MacLehose Medical Rehabilitation Centre">
MacLehose Medical Rehabilitation Centre

MacLehose Medical Rehabilitation Centre () is a rehab and long-term care hospital above Sandy Bay in Hong Kong. Founded in 1984 by the , it has 150 medical rehabilitation beds, including 20 beds for day rehabilitation service. It is affiliated with the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, the University of Hong Kong, providing clinical attachment opportunities for its medical students.
History.
The centre was officially opened on 7 December 1984, named after Murray MacLehose, the former Governor of Hong Kong. Tsang Shiu Tim Home for the Elderly was opened in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="6998764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998764" title="List of television stations in Central Asia">
List of television stations in Central Asia

This is a "'list of television stations in Central Asia".
Kazakhstan.
Kazakh Television &amp; Radio Corporation
Private/Other:
Kyrgyzstan.
Public Broadcasting Corporation of Kyrgyz Republic - KTRK
Private/Other:
Tajikistan.
TV Tajikistan

</doc>
<doc id="6998784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998784" title="Doğu Beyazıt">
Doğu Beyazıt



</doc>
<doc id="6998787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998787" title="Billy Jaffe">
Billy Jaffe

Billy Jaffe (born April 2, 1969) is an on-air ice hockey analyst for NESN who provides commentary for pre-game, post-game and intermission shows during Boston Bruins games. Jaffe also served as a hockey analyst for Sportsnet, and for select coverage by NHL Network. He was formerly a color analyst for the New York Islanders on MSG Plus, as well as a color analyst and reporter for nationally televised hockey games on Versus.
Early life.
Jaffe graduated from Kent School in Kent, Connecticut in 1987.
Playing career.
Jaffe played hockey for the University of Michigan from 1987–1989 as a right wing. He has also served as team-captain for the silver medal winning team USA at the 1997 Maccabiah Games held in Israel.
Broadcasting career.
Jaffe began his broadcasting career as an analyst on the pre-game, intermission and post-game radio show for the Chicago Blackhawks during the 1998–99 season. After spending the 1999–2000 season as the Radio and Television Analyst for the Chicago Wolves of the International Hockey League, he joined the Atlanta Thrashers in September 2000. During his tenure with the Thrashers, he served primarily as the radio analyst, but also contributed to the Thrashers television coverage.
In addition to his work with the Thrashers, in October 2001, Jaffe served as color commentator for Fox Sports Net's coverage of the Cold War game between the University of Michigan and Michigan State which took place in outdoor Spartan Stadium on the Michigan State Campus. Jaffe took on another role acting as lead analyst for CSTV's "Friday Night Hockey" game of the week. He also served as a fill-in host on the Atlanta Braves studio show on TBS Superstation.
In 2006, Jaffe replaced Joe Micheletti, who moved on to the New York Rangers booth, as New York Islanders color analyst alongside Howie Rose. He works for "NHL on Versus" as an analyst and reporter during regular season and playoff broadcasts.
He worked on Versus for 5 years, building a strong reputation around the NHL and with fans, adding work with VERSUS.
Jaffe joined NESN for the 2010-11 Bruins season, working select games as an in-studio analyst on a part-time basis. For the 2013-14 season, Jaffe relocated to Boston and is slated to work at least 50 Bruins games for the network. Jaffe currently is working as a studio analyst, appearing across NHL Network programming.

</doc>
<doc id="6998789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998789" title="Dedicated Computer Chess">
Dedicated Computer Chess



</doc>
<doc id="6998795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998795" title="Fecal transplant">
Fecal transplant



</doc>
<doc id="6998796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998796" title="Austronesian">
Austronesian

Austronesian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6998797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998797" title="Grantham Hospital">
Grantham Hospital

Grantham Hospital is a specialist cardiothoracic hospital located at Wong Chuk Hang and is part of the Hong Kong West Cluster. It is a tertiary referral centre providing specialist service in cardiothoracic surgery, cardiology, paediatric cardiology, tuberculosis &amp; chest medicine and cardio-pulmonary infirmary. In 2003 and 2004, palliative medicine and acute geriatrics service were set up respectively after Nam Long Hospital has been closed down in December 2003.
The hospital is founded in 1957 by the Hong Kong Tuberculosis, Chest and Heart Diseases Association and renamed for Alexander Grantham, a former Governor of Hong Kong. It has 372 beds and 544 staff.
The hospital is affiliated with the Medical faculty of the University of Hong Kong, providing clinical attachment opportunities for its medical students. The university's divisions of cardiothoracic surgery, cardiology and paediatric cardiology have their bases here. However, it has been proposed that these acute services will be relocated to the Queen Mary Hospital (the Flagship teaching hospital of the university) in the coming future for better and more efficient use of resources. Grantham Hospital will then become a hospital dedicated to chronic and palliative care.
The School of General Nursing has been re-opened in 2008 to educate and train up Enrolled Nurses and the hospice centre under the Li Ka Shing Foundation Hospice Service Programme was set up to provide holistic care to cancer patients and their families.

</doc>
<doc id="6998800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998800" title="Dyane Adam">
Dyane Adam

Dyane Adam, (born 1953 in Casselman, Ontario) was the Canadian Official Languages Commissioner from 1999 to 2006. She was responsible for promoting bilingualism within the government of Canada. She holds a PhD in psychology from the University of Ottawa and taught at this university, as well as at Glendon College and Laurentian University.
After she had led a campaign to preserve bilingualism at York University and Montfort Hospital, then-Prime Minister Jean Chrétien appointed her Official Languages Commissioner.
As Commissioner of Official Languages, Dr. Adam has often been critical of the government in regards to the application of the Official Languages Act within the Canadian Forces, on the Internet, in Ottawa and in the airline industry. She took part in the elaboration of the 2003-2008 government action plan on official languages. She had a key role in the 2005 modification of the Official Languages Act, which expanded the prerogatives of part 7 of the Act, requiring all federal departments and agencies to take positive actions for the development of Canada's Official Languages minority communities.
In September 2006, after her term had been extended by several months, it was announced that Graham Fraser would replace her.
She was awarded honorary doctorates from McGill University, University of Ottawa, Université de Moncton, Laurentian University, Saint Paul University as well as an honorary diploma from Collège Boréal. Dr. Adam was also made Chevalier de l'Ordre des Palmes académiques de la France et Chevalier de l'Ordre de la Pléiade de l'Assemblée parlementaire de la Francophonie. She received the Golden Jubilee Medal of the Order of Canada in 2013.
In September 2016, Dr. Adam was appointed by the provincial government to chair the French Language University Planning Board which led to the creation of the Université de l'Ontario français (UOF) in 2018. Dr. Adam served as the chair of the university's board of governors from 2018 to 2022.
In 2019, a French-language elementary school in Milton, Ontario, was named after her. 

</doc>
<doc id="6998803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998803" title="Nicholas Art">
Nicholas Art

Nicholas Reese Art (born January 13, 1999) is an American former child actor. He is known for his roles in the films "Syriana" (2005) and "The Nanny Diaries" (2007), as well as the soap opera "Guiding Light" (2002–2008).
Life and career.
Art was born in Milford, Connecticut on January 13, 1999, the son of Sharon and Richard Art.
He began his career at the age of three, playing Zach Spaulding on the soap opera "Guiding Light" (2002–2008). He then appeared in the feature films "Syriana" (2005) and "The Nanny Diaries" (2007), the television series "Cashmere Mafia" (2008) and the television film "Taking Chance" (2009). His last film job was an uncredited role in "Knight and Day" (2010).

</doc>
<doc id="6998807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998807" title="LSWR T9 class">
LSWR T9 class

The London and South Western Railway T9 class is a class of 66 4-4-0 steam locomotive designed for express passenger work by Dugald Drummond and introduced to services on the LSWR in 1899. One example has been preserved after British Railways ownership. They were given the nickname of "Greyhounds" due to their speed, up to , and reliability. 
Background.
Intended for express passenger work in South-West England, 66 were eventually built and saw several improvements throughout their service careers. The class operated until 1963 when the last example, No 30120, was withdrawn. 30120 was preserved by the National Railway Museum and is currently on loan to the Swanage Railway.
Construction history.
The design spawned from the relative failure of Drummond's C8 class of 1898, utilising many lessons learned from this design. A larger boiler was implemented, and such confidence was placed in Drummond's design that an order of 50 locomotives was placed straight off the drawing board. Large fireboxes and Stephenson link valve gear ensured a free-steaming locomotive.
Builders.
Construction was shared between the LSWR's Nine Elms Locomotive Works, London and Dübs and Company of Glasgow. Twenty were built at Nine Elms and 30 by Dübs. These were constructed between 1899 and 1900 and supplied with six wheel tenders. A second batch was ordered, and 15 more were constructed at Nine Elms, while a final, solitary example was constructed at Dübs and Company for the Glasgow Exhibition of 1901. Detail improvements on this final batch were a wider cab and revised wheel splasher that hid the 'throw' of the coupling rod, with cross-water tubes fitted into the firebox. This was an attempt to increase the heat surface area of the water, which was achieved, though at a cost in boiler complexity. This batch was also fitted with the Drummond "watercart" eight-wheel tender for longer running, whilst the previous was retrofitted with the design.
Urie's modifications.
Upon Drummond's death in 1912, his successor, Robert Urie, supplied the class with superheaters, and from 1922, the entire class was so treated. Their sterling performance as a class precluded any further modifications, apart from the removal of the cross-water tubes, an enlarged smokebox, addition of a stovepipe chimney, and an increase of the cylinder bore to . These had been completed by 1929.
Livery and numbering.
LSWR and Southern.
Livery under the LSWR was Drummond's LSWR Passenger Sage Green, with purple-brown edging and black and white lining. Under Southern Railway ownership from grouping in 1923, the locomotives were outshopped in Richard Maunsell's darker version of the LSWR Sage Green with yellow lettering on the tender, with black and white lining. 
This livery was continued under Bulleid despite his experimentations with Malachite Green, though the 'Southern' lettering on the tender was changed to the 'Sunshine Yellow' style. During the Second World War, members of the class outshopped from overhaul were turned out in wartime black.
The class was haphazardly numbered by the LSWR. The Nine Elms batch was numbered 113 to 122 and 280 to 289, whilst the Glasgow batch was allocated 702 to 719 and 721 to 732. A final locomotive, 773, was constructed in Glasgow. With one exception, numbering under the Southern retained the LSWR allocations.
Post-1948 (nationalisation).
Livery after Nationalisation was initially Southern livery with 'British Railways' on the tender, and an 'S' prefix on the number. The class was subsequently outshopped in BR Mixed Traffic Black with red and white lining, with the BR crest on the tender.
Locomotive numbering was per BR standard practice, from 30113–30122; 30280–30289; 30300–30305;30307;30310-30314; 30336–30338; 30702–30719; and 30721-30733. Numbering was based upon the batches built with the addition of 30000 to the SR numbers. However, thirteen of the locomotives had been withdrawn by the end of 1948, and this resulted in gaps in the numerical sequence.
Operational details.
The T9 Class locomotives were well liked by their crews, and gained the nickname Greyhounds early in their operational career due to the good turn of speed that these locomotives were capable of on LSWR expresses. Indeed, even in old age they were still capable of speed in excess of 80mph. They proved of great use west of Salisbury where their light axle loadings and short frame lengths were better suited to the tight curves of the Southern's Western Section. In 1947, 13 locomotives were converted to oil burning. This experiment ended in 1948, and all locomotives involved were withdrawn
LSWR/SR 119 (BR 30119) was used by the Southern Railway and early British Railways as a Royal engine and as such was painted in malachite green livery
The class remained intact throughout Southern Railway ownership 1923–1947 and 20 still remained on BR's books in 1959, being used on lighter duties in the westcountry. All, however, had been withdrawn by 1963 upon the advent of the BR Modernisation Plan.
Accidents and incidents.
In 1928, locomotive 337 was derailed on the approach to , blocking all lines.
Preservation.
One engine, LSWR/SR 120 (BR 30120), was earmarked for preservation as part of the National Collection by the British Railways Board and saved for the National Railway Museum. Withdrawn from Exmouth Junction shed, Exeter in 1961, it remained in capital stock. In March 1962 it was outshopped from Eastleigh Works following a heavy casual repair and returned to service in LSWR green working ordinary services as well as special trains. It was finally withdrawn from capital stock in July 1963 but continued to work special trains until October of that year. 
Following lengthy periods in store at Fratton, Stratford, Preston Park, Tyseley and York, it was again overhauled in the early 1980s on the Mid Hants Railway and returned to steam in 1983. However, because of the steep gradients on the Mid Hants, it moved to the Swanage Railway in 1991 and remained there until its boiler certificate expired in 1993. It then moved to the Bluebell Railway, where it remained as a static exhibit on public display and under cover, until 1 February 2008. It then moved to the Bodmin and Wenford Railway, and was returned to steam in August 2010 following a heavy overhaul, including repairs to the cylinder block at the Flour Mill Workshop in the Forest of Dean. It was repainted in early British Railways lined black colour scheme and was regularly used on passenger trains at Bodmin. From June to December 2015, the locomotive was again loaned to the Swanage Railway and had guested at the Mid Hants Railway in February 2016 before returning to Bodmin. 
By December 2016, the locomotive had been transferred to the Battlefield Line in Leicestershire on hire from the Bodmin and Wenford Railway to be one of two locomotives working the passenger services on this railway. In July 2017, further repairs to the cylinder block became necessary. These were successfully carried out by the Swanage Railway following which the locomotive was transferred to Swanage where it remains on loan from the National Railway Museum. The boiler certificate expired in September 2020 and the locomotive is now in store awaiting an assessment of the condition of the boiler with a view to the possibility of a return to steam.

</doc>
<doc id="6998810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998810" title="Nicolau Tolentino de Almeida">
Nicolau Tolentino de Almeida

Nicolau Tolentino de Almeida (10 September 1740 – 23 June 1811), from Lisbon, was the foremost Portuguese satirical poet of the 18th century. Beginning at age 20, Tolentino studied law for three years at the University of Coimbra; he then ended those studies to teach rhetoric. He was sent to Lisbon in 1776 to fill a post, and was named professor of rhetoric a year later. His interests soon shifted once again, from teaching, to public office. He wrote against the Marquis of Pombal, and therefore gained the favor of Pombal's successor. He was awarded with a sinecure office in the royal administration. In 1790, he was honored with the title of knight of the royal family.
Literary work.
The accumulated works of Tolentino de Almeida include sonnets, odes, memorials and satires, among other genres. In 1801 the poet collected his works into one volume, titled "Obras poéticas", published by the state. After his death, some more complete collections were published, including texts unknown until then.
Satire.
Tolentino's satire, which made him particularly known, and set him apart from his contemporaries (in fact, he did not belong to any of the Arcádian literary societies, but was one of the "Dissidents"), is directed at the pettiness of tradition, the fakery of appearances, and the senselessness of certain social groups and behaviors, with a humor that was both ironic and amusing. The poet includes himself amongst the cooperators of this mediocrity, resigning himself to his own small-mindedness—some of his poems are homages to great people of the time, whose protection and help he needed. Tolentino presents himself as living in misery, and declares himself, both ironically and conscientiously, as a character in the human comedy that he caricatured.
Characteristics.
From the point of view of style, the poet's work is marked by his simplicity, distant from the grandiloquence and the metrical structure of the neoclassic poets. His verses approach the popular forms, and his tone approaches a colloquialism, which contributes to the effect of denunciation of everyday vices, of ordinary episodes.
Legacy.
He is considered by many as one of the great literary figures of the Portuguese 18th century, as well as one of the greatest national satirists.
Tolentino made the earliest known literary reference to "Brazilian modinha" in 1779, most likely in reference to Domingos Caldas Barbosa's music. In addition, one of his characters in a farce from 1786—"A rabugem das velhas" [The bad-tempered old women]—mentions "this new "modinha" that's been invented now", which sends her grandmother into a rage, eulogizing the past.

</doc>
<doc id="6998811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998811" title="Religious of the Assumption">
Religious of the Assumption

The Religious of the Assumption, also known as the Sisters of the Assumption, is an international Roman Catholic congregation of pontifical right. Founded by Saint Marie-Eugénie Milleret in 1839, it is dedicated to the transformation of society through education.
Foundation.
On 30 April 1839, under the guidance of Abbé Combalot, Anne-Eugénie Milleret de Brou (religious name Marie-Eugénie de Jésus) founded the congregation in Paris. Combalot was a well-known orator of the time, who had been inspired to dedicate a congregation to Our Lady of the Assumption during a pilgrimage. He instructed Marie-Eugénie and the first community for two years, before parting ways with them in 1841.
The congregation expanded quickly with new communities and schools founded in France and beyond: England (1850), Nîmes (1855), Bordeaux (1860), Lyon (1862), Spain (1865), Italy (1888), Rouen (1889), Nicaragua (1892), and the Philippines (1892). In 1857, the Mother House was established in Auteuil, a village on the outskirts of Paris.
Now at the head of a rapidly-growing congregation, Marie-Eugénie dedicated herself to the writing of Constitutions inspired by the Rule of St Augustine. In 1867, the congregation received its "decretum laudis" and in 1888, the final Constitutions were approved.
In 1894, Marie-Eugénie was relieved of her office as Superior. She died on 10 March 1898, was beatified on 9 February 1975 by Pope Paul VI, and canonized on 3 June 2007 by Pope Benedict XVI. 
Along with a white veil, the original habit of the sisters was purple with a white cross on the breast. Today, the habits vary across the continents, but all retain some dimension of the original purple (symbolic color of penitence) and white (symbolizing joy).
Present day.
The Religious of the Assumption is a contemplative and apostolic congregation rooted in the mystery of the Incarnation of Jesus Christ.
Their commitment to the Divine Office, Adoration, community life, and education enable them to respond to the challenges and calls of modern society. They are present in:
With lay partners, the sisters live the mission of transformative education in a wide variety of forms: schools, formation centers, student hostels, spiritual retreats, pastoral ministry, and social work. The Assumption Mission Associates (AMA) is an affiliated organisation providing volunteer placements for young adults in one of the congregation's projects.
The Mother House and the Sanctuary of Saint Marie-Eugénie are located in Paris, at 17 rue de l'Assomption (16th arrondissement). The chapel, dedicated to Christ the Mediator, was constructed in 1961 by the architect Noël Le Maresquier and features stained glass panels by Maurice Max-Ingrand.
Assumption family.
The Assumption family is made up of five congregations with ties to Saint Marie-Eugénie and/or Father Emmanuel d'Alzon. With each their particular charism, they work for the extension of the Kingdom. Including the Religious of the Assumption, there are also:
The Religious of the Assumption also have a particular relationship with the Missionary Sisters of the Assumption, who separated from them in 1853.

</doc>
<doc id="6998812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998812" title="Brian Williams (football player)">
Brian Williams (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998817" title="Mikušovce, Lučenec">
Mikušovce, Lučenec



</doc>
<doc id="6998823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998823" title="Sunbeam Television">
Sunbeam Television

Sunbeam Television Corporation is a privately held broadcasting company based in Miami, Florida, that owns three television stations in the United States. Since the company's founding in 1953, it has been under the control of the Ansin family.
History.
Sunbeam Television was founded on December 16, 1953, by Sidney Ansin, who inherited his family's shoemaking business in Massachusetts and later purchased South Florida real estate in the years after World War II, eventually settling in Miami Beach. Ansin's company was formed as one of five bidders for the channel 7 license in Miami, with sons Ronald and Edmund Ansin included as they had expressed interest in television themselves. While Biscayne Television Corporation, a three-way partnership between newspaper publishers James M. Cox and John S. Knight, along with former NBC president Niles Trammell, won the bidding process with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and signed on WCKT, their license was ultimately revoked after a combination of ethics violations within the FCC and improper conduct between the commissioners and Biscayne management. Sunbeam won a replacement license after it was determined that their bid was the only one amongst the original bidders conducted in an ethical manner, and purchased the assets of the former WCKT for their license, re-using the WCKT call sign.
Ed Ansin was installed as WCKT's executive vice president upon Sunbeam's takeover of the station. He became the company's president and chief operating officer after Sidney's death in October 1971. WCKT would change its call letters to WSVN in 1983 and would remain Sunbeam's lone property until 1993, when they acquired WHDH in Boston from New England Television.
As part of a wide-ranging series of asset sales by Tribune Broadcasting totaling $500 million, Sunbeam purchased Tribune's Boston CW affiliate WLVI for $117.3 million on September 14, 2006. When Sunbeam took control of the station on December 18, 2006, all local operations at WLVI ceased, with WLVI moving into WHDH's studios and WHDH-produced newscasts taking the place of WLVI's former 10 p.m. newscast.
Following Ed Ansin's death on July 26, 2020, ownership of Sunbeam Television was passed on to his sons Andrew and James, a wish Ed had publicly expressed as early as 1987. Andrew Ansin was appointed as Sunbeam's president/CEO on August 3, 2020.
1987–88 NBC affiliation dispute.
WSVN became a central player in a protracted dispute between Sunbeam, CBS and NBC that lasted for nearly two years. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR), a merchant banker that purchased the parent company of CBS affiliate WTVJ (channel 4) in 1983, was required to sell the station in order to meet regulatory approval for a different leveraged buyout two years later. At the same time, CBS was exploring the purchase of a station in the Miami market and originally bid $350 million for WTVJ, but KKR opted to sell it in a package deal to Lorimar-Telepictures in April 1986. Lorimar withdrew their offer for WTVJ several months later after learning CBS inquired with the owners of Fox affiliate WCIX (channel 6) about a purchase of that station instead; this threat, along with a rejected $170 million offer by CBS, prompted KKR to offer WTVJ to Capital Cities/ABC and NBC parent General Electric (GE). GE then purchased WTVJ for $270 million on January 16, 1987, 15 days after signing an affiliation contract extension with WSVN: for the first time in the history of North American television, a television network purchased an affiliate of a competitor.
Sunbeam and Ed Ansin contested the sale of WTVJ before the FCC; while NBC committed to honor their contract with WSVN, Ansin raised concerns NBC could create a competitive disadvantage by owning WTVJ yet operate it as a CBS affiliate for two years. Despite retaining former FCC commissioner Charles D. Ferris and the support of multiple elected representatives, the FCC approved the sale in September 1987, with NBC contractually obligated to run WTVJ as a CBS affiliate until April 1988 at the earliest. At the same time, CBS was forced to negotiate with Ansin by default after WCIX was sold to the TVX Broadcast Group, but an impasse developed over the network's insistence to join WSVN as soon as possible, while Ansin wanted to honor the NBC contract in full. TVX, badly overleveraged from their purchase of WCIX and several other stations, was pressured to sell the station by creditor Salomon Brothers (which held 60 percent ownership in TVX), and whom CBS began talks with about a purchase.
On August 8, 1988, CBS agreed to purchase WCIX as their replacement affiliate, effectively rendering WSVN as an independent station on January 1, 1989. CBS also signed a deal with West Palm Beach's ABC affiliate WPEC, now resulting in a complex six-station affiliate shuffle in two markets. As soon as CBS's WCIX purchase was announced, Ansin announced WSVN would become a news-intensive station, a stance that was ridiculed in the local media. Despite losing their program director and having a thin off-network syndicated program inventory, the station committed to producing hours of local newscasts on weekdays, unheard of for any independent in the United States prior. WSVN made the move under the presumption that their current audience would not defect to other channels despite the loss of network programming. By October 1988, WSVN signed up as the market's new Fox affiliate and linked with CNN for national news coverage, but marketed and prompted themselves as an independent.
WSVN's performance in their first year as a news-intensive Fox affiliate shattered conventional wisdom and attracted industry notice. While WSVN experienced ratings declines in prime time with the loss of NBC fare, their early-evening newscasts not only remained stable, but surpassed WTVJ for second place. News director Joel Cheatwood, regarded as the architect of WSVN's tabloid format, was hired by Fox for one year to help develop a national news service of their own. By 1994, Fox network president Lucie Salhany called WSVN "the future of television".
"The Jay Leno Show".
On April 2, 2009, WHDH in Boston announced that it would not join other NBC affiliates in airing a new hour-long program fronted by outgoing "Tonight Show" host Jay Leno. Instead, the station said it would simulcast an hour of local news at 10 p.m. with its sister station WLVI. In its statement, Sunbeam CEO Ed Ansin cited concerns with both ratings and advertising revenue for its existing 11 p.m. newscast as the main impetus for the decision. NBC answered Sunbeam with a threat to strip WHDH of its affiliation. WHDH had offered to air the new program at 11 p.m. as a compromise, but the network rejected that offer.
With the threats of lawsuits and the strong possibility of NBC making good on its promise, WHDH reconsidered its decision two weeks later. However, Ansin's foresight would later prove to be correct. Viewership for WHDH's 11 p.m. news dropped 20 percent in the November 2009 sweeps period, and a wave of affiliate complaints about similar declines for their late newscasts would force NBC to end the primetime run of the program on February 11, 2010, in a very controversial shake-up of its late night lineup.
WHDH NBC disaffiliation.
Nearly five years after the "Jay Leno Show" conflict, WHDH once again faced the prospect of losing its NBC affiliation as the network was seeking an owned-and-operated presence in Boston. In September 2015, NBC informed Sunbeam owner Ed Ansin that WHDH's affiliation would not be renewed, but then made an offer to buy the station for $200 million. Ansin balked at NBC's price stating that he would not consider any offers worth less than $500 million, and that any sale of WHDH would also include WLVI. Publicly, Ansin predicted that "we’re going to be the NBC affiliate", but also confirmed that NBC was planning to shift its programming to WNEU, a station based in Merrimack, New Hampshire owned by NBC sister network Telemundo. Ansin believed that NBCUniversal's main motivation for these moves was to create further synergies with WNEU and co-owned New England Cable News for the purposes of advertising sales. Initial reports suggested that if WHDH were to lose NBC programming, Sunbeam would move the CW affiliation currently held by WLVI to WHDH. However, Ansin later stated that WHDH would be operated as a news-intensive independent station if the NBC affiliation were lost; additionally, the possibility existed The CW's corporate co-parent, CBS, could transfer the CW affiliation to its owned duopoly station WSBK-TV in the fall of 2016, if WLVI were unable to renew its contract with the network.
On January 7, 2016, NBC Owned Television Stations president Valari Staab confirmed that NBC would cease its affiliation with WHDH effective January 1, 2017, and that it would launch its owned-and-operated NBC outlet on January 1, 2017. Staab did not outright say whether NBC programming will be carried by WNEU, but that NBCUniversal was evaluating options for over-the-air carriage of the new outlet. Prior to the announcement, Ansin told the "Boston Globe" that he was considering challenging the planned move of NBC from WHDH; he argued that the possible reduction in over-the-air coverage NBC may sustain if it moves to WNEU would constitute a violation of conditions imposed by the FCC upon Comcast's acquisition of NBC Universal, as it would not be in the public interest. His position was supported by U.S. Senator Edward Markey.
Ed Ansin tried to file a lawsuit against NBC on March 10, 2016, for violating antitrust law given to Comcast when it brought NBCUniversal and that WNEU's over-the-air signal only covers half of Eastern Massachusetts. His lawsuit, however, was closed off on May 16, 2016.
Ansin conceded his battle against NBCUniversal on August 16, 2016, and announced that WHDH would become an independent station at the start of 2017. WHDH planned to expand its newscasts in various dayparts, while counterprogramming the networks with syndicated offerings during primetime hours. Three months later in November, NBCUniversal made their plains formal: the company announced that NBC programming would move from WHDH to new O&amp;O WBTS-LD, a low-power station acquired in September 2016. WBTS-LD would serve as the affiliate of record in Boston proper, and would also be simulcasted on the second digital subchannel of WNEU.
Controversies.
DirecTV carriage dispute.
At midnight on January 14, 2012, Sunbeam shut down its link between its stations and the DirecTV satellite service after talks to increase the retransmission fees paid to the stations by a reported 300% failed. The effect of this dispute affected an estimated 230,000 customers in the South Florida area and interfered with the carriage of several NFL football games by local bars that subscribed to DirecTV during the outage. The dispute was resolved between Sunbeam and DirecTV with those local channels being restored to those affected customers at 6 pm on January 26.

</doc>
<doc id="6998826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998826" title="Rhapsody (Girl Group)">
Rhapsody (Girl Group)



</doc>
<doc id="6998831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998831" title="Elijah Millgram">
Elijah Millgram

Elijah "Lije" Millgram (born 1958) is an American philosopher. He is E. E. Ericksen Professor of Philosophy at the University of Utah. His research specialties include practical reason and moral philosophy.
Elijah Millgram received his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1991. He taught at Princeton University and Vanderbilt University before moving to Utah. He is a former fellow of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences and of the National Endowment for the Humanities, and is a 2013 Guggenheim Fellow.

</doc>
<doc id="6998834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998834" title="Amanda Williford">
Amanda Williford



</doc>
<doc id="6998835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998835" title="Laufitu Tonga">
Laufitu Tonga



</doc>
<doc id="6998837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998837" title="James Graves">
James Graves

James Graves may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6998844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998844" title="Tang Shiu Kin Hospital">
Tang Shiu Kin Hospital

Tang Shiu Kin Hospital () is a community hospital on Morrison Hill in Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong. It was opened in 1969 to replace the Eastern Public Dispensary and other clinics on Hong Kong Island.
The hospital merged administratively and operationally with Ruttonjee Hospital in 1998 to form one hospital and is a critical centre for emergency and vehicular accidents. Both names are kept.
It was named after its benefactor, the late Sir Tang Shiu-kin, a Hong Kong philanthropist.
The Hong Kong Government and the Hospital Authority had approved a project to remodel the Tang Shiu Kin Hospital into a community ambulatory care centre. The remodelling project commenced in December 2002 and the new building was handed over to the hospital management on 1 April 2005. The centre houses a Traditional Chinese Medicine Clinic, A&amp;E Training Centre, Family Medicine Training Centre, Integrated Clinic, Staff Clinic, Community Nursing Service, Pharmacy, Integrated Palliative Day Care Centre, Violet Peel General Outpatient Clinic, Wellness in Action and Allied Health Departments including Physiotherapy and Occupational Therapy. 
Formerly, some of the departments now parts of TSKH were located in above Wan Chai MTR station, but had been moved to TSKH since the hospital converted into a Community Ambulatory Care Centre, such as the Violet Peel General Out-patient Clinic.

</doc>
<doc id="6998846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998846" title="Donboli tribe">
Donboli tribe

The Donboli (Kurdish: دونبللی ,دنبلى, "Donbolī") are a Turkic-speaking, Kurdish tribe who live around Khoy and Salmas in northwestern Iran. They are currently adherents of Shia Islam, but before that they were reportedly and some still are Yazidis for a long time.
According to Sharafkhan Bidlisi (died 1603/04), the Donboli was known as "Donbol-e Bokht" since the "most authentic" theory said that they originated in Bohtan, an area in what is now southeast Turkey between Siirt and Cizre. It appears that one Isa Beg, whose heirs were referred to as the "Isa Begi", was its first leader. A few years before to the formation of the Aq Qoyunlu in 1378, the Isa Begi ruled the district of Sokmanabad (modern-day Zurabad). One of Isa Beg's descendants, Shaikh Ahmad Beg rose to prominence in the Aq Qoyunlu government and took control of both the Hakkari territory southeast of Lake Van and the castle of Bay, which was held by the Donboli for a considerable amount of time. The Safavid shah (king) of Iran, Tahmasp I () had Sokmanabad and Khoy merged into a single district and entrusted it to Shaikh Ahmad Beg's grandson Haji Beg as its governor, who was given the title of "haji soltan". Haji Beg was also given the responsibility of guarding the realm's borders. 
It seems that certain families in southeast Anatolia stayed behind when the Donboli northwestern Iran. Sharafkhan Bidlisi and Carsten Niebuhr (died 1815) both made reference to this group, with the latter reporting that it was situated south of Diyarbakr and that its number of tents was approximately 500. A community of Donboli Kurds—possibly not Turkicized—existed in the Safavid Erivan province in the 18th century.
Today, the Donboli no longer have their tribal identity and become sedentary.

</doc>
<doc id="6998848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998848" title="Ravan (rabbi)">
Ravan (rabbi)



</doc>
<doc id="6998849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998849" title="LSWR 700 class">
LSWR 700 class

The LSWR 700 class was a class of 30 0-6-0 steam locomotives designed for freight work. The class was designed by Dugald Drummond in 1897 for the London and South Western Railway in England and built by Dübs and Company at that company's Queen's Park works at Polmadie, Glasgow, Scotland.
Overview.
The class was originally numbered 687–716 but the year after delivery numbers 702–716 were given new numbers vacated by engines that had been withdrawn. The locomotives gained the nickname 'Black Motor' early in their career. They were well designed and had few major modifications during the existence of the fleet – the exception being fitted with superheaters from 1919 to 1929, which required the fitting of an extended smokebox. They shared many standard parts with Drummond's other designs (including sharing boilers with the M7 class).
Construction and numbering.
Nos. 702–716 were renumbered by the LSWR between June and August 1898, becoming 306, 308, 309, 315, 317, 325–327, 339, 346, 350, 352, 355, 368, 459 respectively. In June 1912, no. 459 was renumbered again, to 316.
Soon after the locomotives passed to Southern Railway (SR) ownership, their LSWR numbers were prefixed "E" to denote Eastleigh Works - this was done to distinguish similarly-numbered locomotives from the other constituents of the SR; thus, LSWR No. 687 became SR No. E687. These prefixes were dropped from mid-1931. In the meantime, there had been a proposal (prepared in March 1927) to renumber some classes into continuous blocks: the 700 class were allocated the series E336–9, E369–379 and E686–701 but none were actually renumbered, and the plan was cancelled in December 1927.
Ownership changes.
The 700s remained intact as a class through SR ownership from 1923 to 1947. The locomotives passed to British Railways (BR) in 1948, who increased the former LSWR/SR numbers by 30000.
Withdrawal.
The first to be withdrawn was No. 30688 in September 1957, with the second, No. 30352, following in June 1959 and then the third, No. 30687, in September 1960. Withdrawals then started en masse in 1961, and was completed in December 1962. No examples of the class have been preserved.
Models.
Hornby produce models of the 700 class in both Southern Railway livery and British Railway livery including an example of the engine in the Return from Dunkirk train pack. A model of the class was originally produced by OO Works.

</doc>
<doc id="6998851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998851" title="Mountain Island Lake">
Mountain Island Lake

Mountain Island Lake is a lake northwest of Charlotte, North Carolina created in 1924 to coincide with the building of Mountain Island Hydroelectric Station. It is named after the mountain which appears as an island in the lake, and the surrounding area is identified by the lake's name. The shape of the lake follows the meander of the Catawba River's course, dammed near the Mount Holly Wastewater Plant. Full pond elevation is approximately . The lake has around of surface area and of shoreline.
River, water, and lake access.
Mountain Island Lake is fed by the Catawba River, and is the smallest of the three man-made lakes that border Mecklenburg County, North Carolina (Lake Norman, and Lake Wylie). Mountain Island Lake is managed by Charlotte-based company Duke Energy. The primary function of Mountain Island Lake is to provide drinking water for over 1 million residents of Charlotte and surrounding Mecklenburg County, as well as Mount Holly and Gastonia in Gaston County. The lake is also accessible to the public for boating and fishing use. There are three boating access areas on the lake and a tailrace fishing platform for bank fishing in cooperation with the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission.
Power generation.
The lake generates hydro-electric power for the nearby region. It also supported the Riverbend Steam Station by cooling the steam that drove the turbines prior to its decommissioning in 2013.
Mountain Island Hydro Station.
Mountain Island Hydro Station is a four-unit generating facility with a capacity of 60 megawatts located in Gaston County, North Carolina. It was built in 1923 to meet the growing demand for electricity by homeowners in the Carolinas. At the time, electricity was largely used by industrial customers.
Riverbend Steam Station.
Riverbend Steam Station was a 454 megawatt, coal-fired generating facility located in Gaston County, North Carolina. It was first built in 1929. The four-unit station was named for a bend in the Catawba River on which it was located. Riverbend was used as a cycling station and was brought on line to supplement supply when electricity demand was highest. Four gas-fired combustion turbine units were also housed on the site. The four gas-fired turbines were retired in October 2012. The power house and stacks were demolished in 2018, with remediation of the coal ash ponds ongoing as of mid-2019. Duke Energy claimed that coal ash basins from Riverbend Steam Station has fully been excavated in March 2019.
Water pollution.
The North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources is planning a consent order for Duke Energy plants on the lake which have left local groundwater contaminated with high levels of heavy metals such as arsenic and cobalt. The discharge has come from a lack of lining in older coal ash ponds containing namesake waste which threatens the water quality of Mountain Island Lake's ecosystem and has as of August 2013 warranted over $99,000 worth of fines.
Attractions.
Inside of Mountain Island Lake is a large island called Mountain Island, a big landmark. Other area attractions include the historic Rural Hill Farm, Historic Latta Plantation, and the Carolina Raptor Center.
Carolina Raptor Center.
The Carolina Raptor Center is dedicated to environmental stewardship and the conservation of birds of prey, through education, research, and the rehabilitation of injured and orphan raptors. Over 23 different species of raptors are on a 3/4 mile long nature trail inside Latta Plantation Nature Preserve, on the banks of Mountain Island Lake.
Historic Latta Plantation.
The Plantation was built in 1800 and called Latta Place after its owner James Latta, an immigrant from Northern Ireland. Latta was a successful traveling merchant through 1820. He then retired and turned his property into a cotton plantation consisting of 742 acres and 34 enslaved people. After Mr. Latta's death in 1837, his wife Jane sold the property to David Harry. In 1853, William Sample purchased the property; it was owned by the Sample family until 1922. Crescent Land and Timber, a subsidiary of Duke Power, then purchased the property because of its proximity to the Catawba River and the construction of the dam. It is now a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="6998853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998853" title="Mountain Island">
Mountain Island



</doc>
<doc id="6998862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998862" title="The Confederation Handbook">
The Confederation Handbook



</doc>
<doc id="6998864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998864" title="Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital">
Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital

Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital, known as Eastern Hospital or Youde Hospital, is an acute district general hospital in Chai Wan, Hong Kong. The hospital houses one of two Emergency Radiation Therapy Centers in Hong Kong, with the other situated at Tuen Mun Hospital.
Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital was opened on 15 October 1993 with 1829 beds and staff of over 3000. It replaced the original Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital in Mid-Levels in Hong Kong Island and moved to Chai Wan. Assigned to the Hong Kong eastern hospital cluster and replaced the other Nethersole hospital, which relocated to the New Territories.
It is affiliated with the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, the University of Hong Kong, providing clinical attachment opportunities for its medical students.
History.
Before the establishment of the Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital, there were only three government health centres in Chai Wan. The nearest public hospital, Tang Shiu Kin Hospital in Wan Chai, only had a small emergency department. As the number of critically ill patients exceeded its capacity through the 1960s to 80s, patients had to be rushed to Queen Mary Hospital or elsewhere for urgent treatment. 
The Eastern District had a population of 440,000 in the 1980s. In August 1982, several churches in the district formed an organisation to lobby the government to establish a hospital there.
After the sudden death of Governor Edward Youde in 1986, the Eastern District Board in February 1987 formally endorsed a proposal to name the new hospital after Lady Youde. The Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital commenced services on 15 October 1993. It was officially opened by Governor Chris Patten on 23 June 1994. When the Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital opened, the accident and emergency unit of the Chai Wan Health Centre moved to the new complex.
The Hospital Authority plans to expand the hospital onto the site of the Chai Wan Laundry, which will be relocated to a proposed Supporting Services Centre in Tin Shui Wai New Town.
Services.
Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital is the only hospital in Hong Kong which houses a pressure chamber to provide Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) service, which can be used to treat conditions such as air or gas embolism, carbon monoxide poisoning, central retinal artery occlusion (CRAO), decompression sickness, etc.
The hospital is the only hospital with a helipad on Hong Kong Island, and one of the two hospitals in Hong Kong (Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital and Tuen Mun Hospital). It receives emergency patients transferred by Government Flying Services. It also provides emergency medical consultation to remote island clinics (e.g. St. John Hospital in Cheung Chau).
Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital is one of two hospitals (the other being Tuen Mun Hospital) equipped with dedicated Emergency Radiation Treatment Centres (ERTCs), provided in response to concerns surrounding the 1993-1994 commissioning of the Daya Bay Nuclear Power Plant in nearby Shenzhen. Under the Hong Kong government's Daya Bay Contingency Plan, the two centres will treat and decontaminate persons affected by a nuclear accident.
, the hospital has 1,633 beds and around 4,993 full-time equivalent members of staff. For the year ended 31 March 2014, it has treated 152,332 patients in the Accidental and Emergency Department, 138,724 inpatients and day-patients, 560,842 specialist outpatients, and 393,573 general outpatients.
Allied health departments.
Allied health professions are health care professions distinct from nursing, medicine, and pharmacy.

</doc>
<doc id="6998865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998865" title="Muhibullo Abdulkarim Umarov">
Muhibullo Abdulkarim Umarov

Moyuballah Homaro or Muhibullo Abdulkarim Umarov is a citizen of Tajikistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detainment camps, in Cuba. According to the Department of Defense, he was born on October 6, 1980, in Alisurkhan, Tajikistan. His Internment Serial Number
was 729.
Moyuballah Homaro was transferred to Tajikistan on March 31, 2004.
Identity.
The first official list, of all Guantanamo detainees, 
who had been held in military custody, the US Department of Defense released, on May 15, 2006, listed his name as Moyuballah Homaro.
Capture and Guantanamo detention.
Umarov traveled to Pakistan, as a refugee from Tajikistan's civil war, in 1994, where he finished his education.
In May 2001, when he graduated, a new Tajikistan government gave him a passport. Umarov returned to Pakistan, seeking work, on his legitimate passport. He was caught up in round up of foreigners following Pakistan's first suicide bombing, in May 2002. Pakistan handed him over to the Americans, and he spent several months in Bagram, and two years in Afghanistan.
When Umarov was eventually released from Guantanamo the Americans did not return his passport. Instead they gave him a letter saying they no longer regarded him as a threat. Umarov says this letter, and his lack of real identity documents is a constant source of threats to his safety.
Bagram.
Umarov spent several months in an American prison in Bagram airport.
In two months at bagram, Umarov says, he had only one interrogation -- with an American woman who questioned him in Persian and seemed confused as to why he was there. 'We were along in the room,' he says. 'She checked my documents and listened to my answers, then told me I wasn't guilty.' ...
Guantanamo.
Nevertheless Umarov, Abdughaffor and
Mazharuddin,
the two other Tajik men he was captured with, were sent to Guantanamo in early August 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6998878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998878" title="Israeli deaths due to palestinian terrorism 2004">
Israeli deaths due to palestinian terrorism 2004



</doc>
<doc id="6998882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998882" title="Israeli deaths due to palestinian terrorism 2005">
Israeli deaths due to palestinian terrorism 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6998886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998886" title="Israeli deaths due to palestinian terrorism 2006">
Israeli deaths due to palestinian terrorism 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6998887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998887" title="Moyuballah Homaro">
Moyuballah Homaro



</doc>
<doc id="6998901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998901" title="Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital">
Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital

Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital (AHNH) is an acute district general hospital managed under the New Territories East Cluster of the Hospital Authority in Hong Kong. Established by the former London Missionary Society in 1887, it was the first teaching hospital in Hong Kong to train Cantonese locals in Western medical science. It moved to its current location in Tai Po in 1997.
History.
Early in 1881, a Medical Mission Committee, mostly made up of members of the former London Missionary Society, was established to promote Western medicine in Hong Kong. Henry William Davis, chairman of the committee, donated substantially to set up a dispensary in the Tai Ping Shan district at the western end of Hong Kong Island. The dispensary was named after Davis's mother as the Nethersole Dispensary.
Alice Memorial Hospital () was opened at 77–81 Hollywood Road on 16 February 1887 under the management of the London Missionary Society. It was the first hospital in Hong Kong to train local Chinese in Western medical science. The hospital structure was built by a donation from Dr. Ho Kai in memory of his wife Alice Walkden. She died of typhoid fever in 1884, two years after her arrival in Hong Kong. In 1889, Dr John C Thomson, a medical missionary, was appointed the hospital's first superintendent.
Due to the shortage of beds at the Alice Memorial Hospital, and at the initiation of Davis, the London Missionary Society established a new hospital at 10 Bonham Road. Opened on 5 September 1893, the hospital was called Nethersole Hospital (). It was the first hospital in Hong Kong to train nurses.
As need for maternity beds became clear, a group of prominent Chinese people, including Dr Ho Kai, and Chau Siu-ki, raised funds for building a new hospital. The hospital was opened on 7 July 1904 at 6A Bonham Road and named Alice Memorial Maternity Hospital (). It was the first maternity hospital in Hong Kong, and provided midwifery training. It was later merged into Nethersole Hospital.
Shortly after the opening of Alice Memorial Maternity Hospital, a proposal to build another new hospital was raised. Ho Miu-ling, elder sister of Dr Ho Kai and wife of Ng Choy (Wu Ting-fang), agreed to pay the cost of building this hospital. Located at Breezy Path, this new Ho Miu Kwai Hospital, later called Ho Miu Ling Hospital (), was opened in 1906. It was a two-storey building with twelve beds, six private rooms and one isolation room. The hospital was also managed by the London Missionary Society.
In 1954, the three hospitals were then amalgamated into the Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital and operated at Breezy Path. The management board of the hospitals was changed from a missionary board to an independent body, the Executive Committee of The Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital.
In 1991, the hospital joined the Hospital Authority to become a public hospital.
In 1993, the Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital moved from Breezy Path to open the new hospital in Chai Wan, which has been known as the Pamela Youde Nethersole Eastern Hospital, under the management of the Hospital Authority.
In 1997, the Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital began to operate at Chuen On Road, Tai Po, New Territories in the completely new hospital premises under the Hospital Authority.
Service.
In-patient Services
Day Hospital Service
Specialist Out-Patient Clinics, Day Surgery and Day Procedure Services
Community Outreach Services
Allied Health Services
Logo.
The hospital's corporate logo consists of a cross, a heart, and a fountain, representing the spirit of the cross and Christ's love demonstrated to the needy through the care for the physical, psychosocial and spiritual well-being, thus practising the philosophy of holistic healthcare.
Other.
In Hong Kong Museum of Medical Sciences, there is a gallery, named as Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Gallery, displaying the historic items from the hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="6998909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998909" title="Urban gentrification">
Urban gentrification



</doc>
<doc id="6998915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998915" title="On the Steppes of Central Asia">
On the Steppes of Central Asia



</doc>
<doc id="6998916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998916" title="Tommy February6">
Tommy February6

Tommy February6 is the debut album of the Brilliant Green vocalist Tomoko Kawase's alter ego Tommy February6 (so named after Kawase's birthday). The album, in addition to launching Kawase's solo career, also established Tommy February6's trademark sound, which is heavily influenced by 80's synthpop music.
Most of the lyrics on the album's original material (all written by Kawase) are either dominated by English lyrics with occasional Japanese lines, or are wholly in English – despite the fact that Kawase reportedly cannot speak much of the language – with only one song ("Tommy Feb Latte, Macaron.") sung entirely in Japanese.
The original first pressing of the album came with a promotional DVD that included music videos, karaoke videos and "furitsuke" (choreography) videos for "Kiss One More Time" and "Bloomin'!". Also included was the making of the PV's for "Kiss One More Time", "Bloomin'!" and "Candy Pop in Love"

</doc>
<doc id="6998923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998923" title="David Thomas (football player)">
David Thomas (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998927" title="Butch Johnson (football player)">
Butch Johnson (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998940" title="Píla">
Píla

Píla may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6998941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998941" title="Jim Maxwell (football player)">
Jim Maxwell (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998947" title="Boeing 747-4J6/LCF">
Boeing 747-4J6/LCF



</doc>
<doc id="6998954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998954" title="Kowloon Hospital">
Kowloon Hospital

Kowloon Hospital is a general care hospital located in Kowloon City District, in Kowloon, Hong Kong. The complex was built on land between Argyle Street and Prince Edward Road.
The hospital used to be an acute hospital with accident and emergency service. It was later converted to a chronic hospital to provide extended supportive care to patients from Queen Elizabeth Hospital. The hospital has specialist services in psychiatry, rehabilitation, respiratory medicine and geriatrics. The respiratory medicine unit provides teaching opportunities for medical students from the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine, University of Hong Kong.
With 1,281 beds, the hospital was the first to establish a rehabilitation unit in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="6998956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998956" title="Phase One Enviornmental Site Assessment">
Phase One Enviornmental Site Assessment



</doc>
<doc id="6998961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998961" title="Altai republic">
Altai republic



</doc>
<doc id="6998963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998963" title="Level I Environmental Site Assessment">
Level I Environmental Site Assessment



</doc>
<doc id="6998964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998964" title="Chris Gray (American football player)">
Chris Gray (American football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6998980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998980" title="Our Lady of Maryknoll Hospital">
Our Lady of Maryknoll Hospital

Our Lady of Maryknoll Hospital () is a Roman Catholic hospital at Wong Tai Sin area in New Kowloon of Hong Kong.
History.
Our Lady of Maryknoll Hospital was founded by the Maryknoll Sisters and officially opened by D. J. M. Mackenzie, Director of Medical and Health Services, on 11 December 1961.
It became a public hospital in 1991.
Services.
, the hospital has 236 beds and around 721 members of staff. For the year ended 31 March 2013, it has treated 10,290 inpatients and day-patients, 67,350 specialist outpatients, and 415,159 general outpatients.

</doc>
<doc id="6998989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998989" title="TACA 737-300">
TACA 737-300



</doc>
<doc id="6998991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6998991" title="Anscar I of Ivrea">
Anscar I of Ivrea

Anscar I (; 860 - March 902) was the margrave of Ivrea from 888 to his death. From 877 or 879, he was the count of Oscheret in Burgundy. He supported Guy III of Spoleto for the throne of France after the deposition of Charles the Fat in 887, but after Guy's failed attempt and the coronation of Odo, he returned with Guy across the Alps, where the duke was elected King of Italy. In gratitude, Guy created the March of Ivrea in the northeast and invested his Burgundian supporter.
He might have been the son of Otto, cousin of the emperor Lothar II, and a grandson of Amadeus (c. 790–827), a count in Langres. Anscar was a counsellor of Boso of Provence and ally of his brother Fulk, who strongly supported the Carolingian dynasty in France. With Fulk, he probably invited Guy to France. Anscar fought on behalf of Guy's kingship in Italy. He battled Arnulf of Carinthia during the latter's invasion of 894 and he supported Guy's son Lambert after Guy's death that year. In 896, he was one of the few in the north to oppose Arnulf's second invasion. After Lambert's death, he supported Berengar of Friuli as king and became his chief counsellor.
Anscar's wife was unknown, but he had only one son, Adalbert, through whom he was the progenitor of the Anscarid dynasty.

</doc>
<doc id="6999012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999012" title="George Foster (football player)">
George Foster (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6999014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999014" title="Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Wong Tai Sin Hospital">
Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Wong Tai Sin Hospital

Tung Wah Group of Hospitals Wong Tai Sin Hospital is Charitable hospital, It is Rehabilitation Hospital under the Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. It is most commonly referred to by its short name "TWGHs Wong Tai Sin Hospital" or just "Wong Tai Sin Hospital". It is one of two hospitals in the Wong Tai Sin area in New Kowloon of Hong Kong.
History.
The hospital was established in 1965 and became a public hospital in 1991. The hospital was first developed as an infirmary to treat chronically ill elderly people. It has gradually expanded its role as an extended care institution in which intensive trans-disciplinary rehabilitative training programmes are designed for patients to facilitate their early reintegration into society.

</doc>
<doc id="6999016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999016" title="Rose Bygrave">
Rose Bygrave

Roslyn Louise Bygrave (born 1955) is an Australian singer-songwriter.
Life and career.
Roslyn Louise Bygrave grew up in the small town of Willaura in the Western District of Victoria and later attended secondary school and art school in Ballarat and Melbourne, majoring in painting and printmaking.
Her career as a professional musician began in 1974 when she began performing in Ballarat then circa 1977 on the Bellarine Peninsula (early band: The Salty Dogs; Blue Grass, Reggae, eclectic ). Bygrave later joined the Goanna Band, rising to prominence as keyboardist, vocalist and songwriter alongside Shane Howard and Marcia Howard in the early 1980s. The band recorded three albums and toured extensively, performing in some of the remotest areas of Australia and forging strong bonds with Aboriginal people and their culture. Their debut album, "Spirit of Place", won the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) Best Album of the Year award in 1982, with "Solid Rock" winning Best Single of the Year. They also won the Best new Band category. Her songwriting debut on that album was a haunting ballad called "On the Platform"; the 'B' side to the single "Solid Rock".
In 1986 she was a session singer on Wayne Gillespie's New Locationsalbum and toured briefly playing reggae, jazz and blues with Australian singer Wendy Saddington with Mick Liber on guitar, Angelica Booth on bass, Javier Fredis on congas and Dezzy McKenna on drums.
Bygrave issued a solo single, "Maybe Midnight", in June 1989 and commenced work on a solo album but nothing eventuated due to artist management difficulties. Bygrave began performing solo in 1991 and worked as a sought after session musician. Around early 1990 she worked with Yothu Yindi's Mandawuy and Gurrumal Yunupingu as vocal collaborator and coach and sang backing vocals on tracks from their first album, "Tribal Voice", including the song "Treaty" (the first Aboriginal song to make it onto the Australian music charts and achieve international recognition). From the late 1990s she toured with Deb Byrne as keyboardist and backing vocalist on several of Byrne's tours around Australia promoting Byrne's foray into country music. Other musicians on that tour were Paul Gildea (Little River Band and Ice House) on guitar, Chris Bekker (James Reyne, Ross Wilson) on bass and backing vocals, Davy Porter on drums and James Uluave on percussion and backing vocals.
From 1998 to 2000, Bygrave contributed several songs to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation television series "SeaChange".
Goanna reprised with a third album, "Spirit Returns", in 1998, to which Bygrave contributed three songs. The album was released at the Melbourne Concert Hall as part of the 1999 Melbourne International Festival Program.
Between 1998 and 1999 Bygrave was involved as a mentor in the Aboriginal Song Lines program which fostered emerging indigenous musicians.
In mid-1999, Bygrave produced and released her first solo album "White Bird". Four of the songs were added to compilation CDs and America's Mollie O'Brien recorded one of the songs and two songs received extensive Radio AirPlay. Musicians featured were Kerryn Tolhurst Lap Steel ( The Dingoes and Country Radio), Paul Gildea; Guitars, Shane Howard; Acoustic Guitar and vocals plus co-write on Big Blue Sky, Archie Cuthbertson; Drums, Dave Steel; Harmonica, Mandolin, Marcia Howard; Backing vocals, Michael Santamaria; Irish Whistles.
In 2000 at the Woodford Folk Festival, Bygrave was invited to be the soloist with the choir (directed by Kavisha Mazzella) during the famous fire event. This was broadcast live to 1.5 billion people on a worldwide link via the BBC.
In 2001 she released her second solo album, "Walking Home". Musicians featured included Lyndsay Field (John Farnham) on backing vocals, Tony Hicks on soprano sax, Tony Floyd on drums, Chris Bekker on bass, Sam See (Stockley, See and Mason, John Farnham, Steve Vizard Show) on guitar and Marcia Howard on backing vocals.
In 2002, Bygrave performed as the support act for Luka Bloom on his Australian National tour.
In December that year she initiated a major Benefit Concert called 'Bridges to Bali' to raise money for the Balinese victims of the terrorist attack. She collaborated with Promoter Sandy Merrigan at Deacon University to produce the event which featured artists including Ross Wilson, Goanna, Dave Steel, Tiffany Eckhardt, Git, Paul Williamson's Hammond Combo, Marcia Howard and members of the Balinese community in Geelong. This concert was broadcast from Costa Hall to the Asia Pascific Region and Australia via Radio National and Local ABC and was hosted by Paul Petran and Derrek Guille. Substantial money raised from the event was distributed in Bali by Rotary Australia.
From 2003 to 2004, she continued her work as a musical mentor/Artist in residence with troubled young people in regional Australia, where she tutored in songwriting, arranging, recording and the collaborative process. She supported Dennis Locorriere and Paul Brady on their respective National tours.
In 2006 Bygrave initiated and worked with Victorian regional communities producing six free concerts in drought effected regions. Ten musicians including Dave Steel, Tiffany Eckhardt, Pete Denehy, Damian Howard, Tony O'Neill, John Emry, Marcia Howard, John Edgar, Allan O'Conner and others musicians from local communities played 5-hour concerts to people experiencing extreme hardship due to drought.
Some of Bygrave's songs have also selected for use on various soundtracks. In 2009 she released a third solo album, "North", which was released at the Port Fairy Folk Festival. The songs on the acclaimed CD arose out of travels to Japan, Italy and India where she performed at The University of Calcutta and The Vishnu Bharati University of the Arts in West Bengal. Musicians on that CD included Chris Bekker; Bass, Tony O'Neill; Mandolin, Guitar and Fiddle; Hilton Winneki; Percussion, Dave Steel; mandolin and Slide Guitar. With cameo backing vocals on 'The Mission Yard' by Shane, Marcia and Damian Howard.
In 2011, Rose collaborated with long-time friend and Goanna member Marcia Howard, to produce a CD called "Pearl". The CD was written and recorded by them at their respective home studios and once again launched at Port Fairy Folk Festival to capacity crowds. The Pigram Brothers and Damian Howard make a guest appearance on vocals ( Steve Pigram on Guitar ) on Rose's song 'Universe', and Lee Morgan contributes guitar on several tracks. Howard and Bygrave continued to work together with Jon Emry playing Drums, Isaac Barter- Bass and Matiss Schubert on Mandolin and Fiddle.
In 2014 Bygrave wrote and arranged the anthemic song Carry Memory, for a 60 piece Choir from the Geelong region. This project culminated in a performance of the song at Sunset, to a large audience in the YouYang Mountains near Geelong, Victoria. The song was commissioned by The City of Greater Geelong as part of the Mouth2Mountain Song Lines inaugural community arts program directed by Meme McDonald. The song was recorded with the Choir in 2014 as part of the sound -track to that event.
In 2015 Bygrave was invited by long time friend and legendary Aboriginal musician Bart Willoughby, to perform as part of his band on his 'We Still Live On' tour. The performance centred around Willoughby's exploration of his songs played by him on the Grand Organ. Rose contributed vocals and keyboards during this tour and backing vocals on the corresponding CD. Deline Brisco and Bart; Lead Vocals.
Rose Bygrave has been playing music all her life; professionally for over 40 years. She is renowned for compassionate songwriting – reflecting on the land, love, and especially issues of indigenous and social justice – and her voice, songs and musicianship are regarded as among the best and most 'emotionally spiritual' in Australian contemporary music.( Her songs cross genres; Country, Contemporary Folk, Jazz, Blues, Rock and World...).
Further to studying Art in the 1970s, she has designed all the CD art work and visuals associated with her music and continues to paint.
Bygrave lives in Queenscliff, Victoria with her husband, multi award-winning writer and poet Barry Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="6999019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999019" title="Sterling Approximation">
Sterling Approximation



</doc>
<doc id="6999020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999020" title="Jimmy 'Jimbo' Wales">
Jimmy 'Jimbo' Wales



</doc>
<doc id="6999026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999026" title="Log(n!) Approximation">
Log(n!) Approximation



</doc>
<doc id="6999028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999028" title="Sammy White (football player)">
Sammy White (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6999031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999031" title="Uterus didelphys">
Uterus didelphys

Uterus didelphys (; sometimes also "uterus ") represents a uterine malformation where the uterus is present as a paired organ when the embryogenetic fusion of the Müllerian ducts fails to occur. As a result, there is a double uterus with two separate cervices, and possibly a double vagina as well. Each uterus has a single horn linked to the ipsilateral fallopian tube that faces its ovary.
Most non-human mammals have a non-single uterus with separation of horns. Marsupials and rodents have a double uterus (uterus duplex). In other animals ("e.g." nematodes), the term 'didelphic' refers to a double genital tract, as opposed to monodelphic, with a single tract.
Signs and symptoms.
Those with the condition may be asymptomatic and unaware of having a double uterus. However, a study by Heinonen showed that certain conditions are more common. In his study of 26 women with a double uterus gynecological complaints included dysmenorrhea and dyspareunia. All patients displayed a double vagina. The fetal survival rate in 18 patients who delivered was 67.5%. Premature delivery occurred in 21% of the pregnancies. Breech presentation occurred in 43% of women and cesarean section was performed in 82% of the cases.
Cause.
The uterus is formed during embryogenesis by the fusion of the two paramesonephric ducts (also called Müllerian ducts). This process usually fuses the two Müllerian ducts into a single uterine body but fails to take place in these affected patients who maintain their double Müllerian systems. A didelphic uterus will have a double cervix and is usually associated with a double vagina. The cause of the fusion failure is not known. Associated defects may affect the vagina, the renal system and, less commonly, the skeleton.
The condition is less common than these other uterine malformations: arcuate uterus, septate uterus, and bicornuate uterus. It has been estimated to occur in 1/3,000 women.
Syndrome.
A specific association of uterus didelphys (double uterus), unilateral hematocolpos (inadequate draining of menstrual blood) and ipsilateral renal agenesis (having only one kidney) has been described.
Diagnosis.
A pelvic examination will typically reveal a double vagina and a double cervix. Investigations are usually prompted on the basis of such findings as well as when reproductive problems are encountered. Not all cases of uterus didelphys involve duplication of the cervix and vagina.
Helpful techniques to investigate the uterine structure are transvaginal ultrasonography and sonohysterography, hysterosalpingography, MRI, and hysteroscopy. More recently 3-D ultrasonography has been advocated as an excellent non-invasive method to evaluate uterine malformations.
Uterus didelphys is often confused with a complete uterine septum. Often more than one method of investigation is necessary to accurately diagnose the condition. Correct diagnosis is crucial as treatment for these two conditions are very different. Whereas most doctors recommend removal of a uterine septum, they generally concur that it is better not to operate on a uterus didelphys. In either case, a highly qualified reproductive endocrinologist should be consulted.
Management.
Patients with a double uterus may need special attention during pregnancy as premature birth and malpresentation are common. Cesarean section was performed in 82% of patients reported by Heinonen.
Uterus didelphys, in certain studies, has also been found associated with higher rate of infertility, miscarriage, intrauterine growth restriction, and postpartum bleed.
Epidemiology.
In the United States, uterus didelphys is reported to occur in 0.1–0.5% of women. It is difficult to know the exact occurrence of this anomaly, as it may go undetected in the absence of medical and reproductive complications.
Multiple pregnancy.
A number of twin gestations have occurred where each uterus carried its pregnancy separately. There have only been about 100 cases worldwide of a woman with a double uterus being pregnant in both wombs at the same time. Prior to 2005 only 11 cases had been reported worldwide. It is possible that the deliveries occur at different times, thus the delivery interval could be days or even weeks. 
Maricia Tescu of Iași, Romania, gave birth to a premature son on December 11, 2004. Her second baby boy was born via C-section at full term 59 days later, in early February 2005.
On February 26, 2009, Sarah Reinfelder of Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, delivered two healthy, although seven weeks premature, infants by cesarean section at Marquette General Hospital.
On September 15, 2011, Andreea Barbosa of St. Petersburg, Florida, gave birth to fraternal twins, a boy and a girl, via C-section. 
On October 23, 2020, Kelly Fairhurst of Essex, England, delivered twins, a boy and a girl, at 35 weeks via a planned C-section.
On December 19 and 20, 2023 Kelsey Hatcher delivered fraternal twin girls at 39 weeks, with one girl delivered vaginally while the other was delivered by C-section the next day, at the University of Alabama at Birmingham Hospital.
Triplets.
A UK woman with a double uterus gave birth to triplets in 2006. Hannah Kersey, of Northam, Devon, gave birth to a pair of identical twin girls from an egg that implanted into one womb and then divided, and to a female infant from a single egg that implanted into the other womb. This was the first known birth of viable triplets in a woman with a double uterus. A triplet pregnancy in a woman with uterus didelphys was reported from Israel in 1981; one baby died in utero, and of the remaining babies, one was delivered at 27 weeks gestation and the other 72 days later.
In 2019, Arifa Sultana of Bangladesh gave premature birth in February and then via emergency Caesarean section to twins, 26 days later.

</doc>
<doc id="6999047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999047" title="Spanish Town, Baton Rouge">
Spanish Town, Baton Rouge



</doc>
<doc id="6999048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999048" title="United Christian Hospital">
United Christian Hospital

United Christian Hospital is a Christian-founded district general hospital in Kwun Tong of New Kowloon in Hong Kong, operated by the Hospital Authority. The hospital has 1,600 beds and 3,000 staff, serving eastern Kowloon.
United Christian Hospital was founded in 1973 by the Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital and Hong Kong Christian Council. The hospital first chief of medical superintendent was Dr. Edward Hamilton Paterson.
History.
United Christian Hospital was planned as a 350-bed voluntary hospital by the "Special Committee on the United Protestant Hospital" of the Hong Kong Christian Council and Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Foundation in 1968. It had its foundation stone laid on 2 April 1971 by the Governor of Hong Kong, David Trench, and was officially opened on 6 December 1973 by Murray MacLehose, Trench's successor as Governor of Hong Kong.
United Christian Hospital was expanded in the 1990s. At that time, Blocks J, K, L and S were built, and Block P was redeveloped. The project was completed in 1999.
Services.
The hospital provides in-patient, day-patient and out-patient care; it also manages the psychiatry, physiotherapy, occupational therapy and geriatric day hospital services of Yung Fung Shee Memorial Centre as well as the Eye Clinic, pharmacy and radiology services of the Pamela Youde Polyclinic at Cha Kwo Ling Road.
The hospital provides Community Nursing Services (CNS) to patients in Kwun Tong.
Redevelopment and expansion.
The hospital is currently undergoing a major expansion and redevelopment project. This involves the demolition of Blocks F, G, and H, as well as the low block of Block P. A major new ambulatory block (Block A) will be built, a new Oncology Centre will be provided, and various other expansions and renovations will be completed. The project is set to be completed in 2023.
At the end of January 2018, Secretary for Food and Health Professor Sophia Chan Siu-chee expressed her concern over the chronic shortage of nurses across hospitals in Hong Kong. Among hospitals being affected, United Christian Hospital was cited as the worst-hit public medical service provider. Statistics showed its bed occupancy rate reached a peak of 120%, a rate of usage well above its maximum capacity. From a wider perspective of the problem across other hospitals in Hong Kong, the situation of recruitment of medical staff was not any better. A shortage of labour has long been an issue in public hospitals. In 2017, of the 2,000 vacancies available, only 80% were filled, amounting to about 1,800 new nurses being hired by the public hospital. Adding to the problem was the incoming flu season during the winter, which placed more pressure on medical staff across hospitals in Hong Kong due to the added workloads.

</doc>
<doc id="6999057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999057" title="Fundus camera">
Fundus camera



</doc>
<doc id="6999058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999058" title="1983 World Endurance Championship">
1983 World Endurance Championship

The 1983 World Endurance Championship was the 31st season of FIA World Sportscar Championship auto racing series. It featured the two world championships and two cups for drivers and manufacturers which was contested by Group C Sports Cars, Group C Junior Sports Cars and Group B GT Cars in a seven race events which ran from 10 April to 10 December 1983. The World Endurance Championship for Drivers was won by Jacky Ickx while the World Endurance Championship for Manufacturers was won by Porsche. The Group C Junior Cup was won by Giannini Alba and the Grand Touring Cup by Porsche.
The world championship was held in conjunction with the 1983 European Endurance Championship, sharing five races events in Europe before the series departed internationally. As such, many drivers and teams competed in both championships.
Schedule.
All events covered a distance of with exception of the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The first five events were shared with the European Endurance Championship. The Monza round was shared with the Italian Championship Group 6, although their race lasted only 14 laps and the cars did not complete the full endurance race distance.
Entries.
Group B.
The Nürburgring round allowed additional Group B entries meeting the under regulations to compete but they were not eligible for championship points and are therefore not listed here.
Results and standings.
Race results.
In order to be classified for points, a team had to complete 90% of the winner's distance. Further, drivers were required to complete at least 30% of their car's total race distance to qualify for championship points. Group C Junior and Group B drivers earned extra championship points for any finish within the overall top ten positions.
Makes' championships.
To denote a make, it is identified as an engine manufacturer-chassis manufacturer. Only the best result from each make earned championship points while the five best results from each make's tally were counted. Points not counted are marked with parenthesis.
World Endurance Championship for Makes.
The World Endurance Championship for Makes was open to Group C cars only. Group C Junior and Group B had their own championships.

</doc>
<doc id="6999059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999059" title="Devil Inside (INXS song)">
Devil Inside (INXS song)

"Devil Inside" is a song by Australian rock band INXS. The song was written by Andrew Farriss and Michael Hutchence and was released as the second single (third in the UK) from the band's sixth studio album, "Kick", in February 1988. The song reached number two on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for two weeks. "Devil Inside" also peaked at number six in Australia, number three in Canada, and number two in New Zealand. "Cash Box" said that the band "[uses] a Daytripper-like guitar sound and riff it under a sultry, breathy vocal to put the point across."
Track listings.
"US 7", 45 RPM, Single" (Atlantic 7-89144)
"US 7", 45 RPM, Single (Promo)" (Atlantic 7-89144)
"US 12' 33 1/3, Single" (Atlantic 0-86622)

</doc>
<doc id="6999063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999063" title="National Association for Software and Service Companies">
National Association for Software and Service Companies



</doc>
<doc id="6999067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999067" title="Geriatric care management">
Geriatric care management

Geriatric care management is the process of planning and coordinating care of the elderly and others with physical and/or mental impairments to meet their long term care needs, improve their quality of life, and maintain their independence for as long as possible. It entails working with persons of old age and their families in managing, rendering and referring various types of health and social care services. Geriatric care managers accomplish this by combining a working knowledge of health and psychology, human development, family dynamics, public and private resources as well as funding sources, while advocating for their clients throughout the continuum of care. For example, they may assist families of older adults and others with chronic needs such as those suffering from Alzheimer's disease or other dementia.
Overview.
Geriatric care management integrates health care and psychological care with other needed services such as: housing, home care services, nutritional services, assistance with activities of daily living, socialization programs, as well as financial and legal planning (e.g. banking, trusts). A care plan tailored for specific circumstances is prepared after a comprehensive assessment has taken place, and is continuously monitored and modified as needed. A comprehensive geriatric care assessment is thorough and can take anywhere from two to five hours in length, this of course is broken down into two or three assessment visits with the patient/family members. The comprehensive assessment is really a compilation of smaller individual assessments with the first one being a primary intake assessment which includes demographic type data as well as a health history, social history, and legal/financial history. From there, a medication profile assessment is included, as well as an assessment of ADLs (activities of daily living) and IADLs (instrumental activities of daily living). In addition other assessments may include; falls risk assessment, home safety assessment, nutritional assessment, depression assessment, pain assessment, mini mental state exam (MMSE), MiniCog clock drawing exam (cognitive assessment), balance assessment, and gait assessment (ability to walk). If the comprehensive geriatric care management assessment is being conducted by a registered nurse, then a physical assessment can be included such as vitals signs recording temperature, pulse, respirations, blood pressure, oxygen saturation, and sometimes FBS or RBS (fasting or random blood sugar) checks for diabetics.
Geriatric care managers.
Geriatric care managers typically have formal education and experience in nursing, social work, gerontology or other health service areas. They are expected to have extensive knowledge about the costs, quality, and availability of services in their communities.
Professional care managers help individuals, families, and other caregivers adjust and cope with the challenges of aging or disability by:
Depending on the country and health care organization, professional fees for the services of geriatric care managers are primarily billed privately on a privately paid fee-for-service basis. In the United States, they are not covered by Medicaid, Medicare nor by most private health insurance policies. However, clients may be able to bill some services to long term care insurance, depending on the history of the individual case.

</doc>
<doc id="6999074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999074" title="Dick James (football player)">
Dick James (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6999075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999075" title="Wolfgang Muff">
Wolfgang Muff

Wolfgang Muff (15 March 1880 – 17 May 1947) was a general in the Wehrmacht during the time of Nazi Germany.
Born in Ulm to General Karl Ludwig Muff, Wolfgang Muff joined the German Army as an officer cadet in 1899, receiving his commission as lieutenant in 1900. Rising through the ranks and decorated several times during World War I he was in charge of the Reichswehr's 13th Infantry Regiment stationed at Ludwigsburg from 1 March 1930 until 20 September 1931 having attained the rank of colonel.
By early 1938 Muff was a lieutenant general serving as the military attaché (1934–1938) in Vienna of Franz von Papen while he was German ambassador to Austria. According to Papen, documents approved by Rudolf Hess indicate that Adolf Hitler considered having Papen or Muff murdered in early 1938; Hitler would then blame the deaths on Austrians to provide an excuse for Germany to intervene in Austrian affairs. On 11 March 1938, Muff brought a German ultimatum threatening an invasion to Wilhelm Miklas, but the Austrian president refused to yield. Arthur Seyss-Inquart, however, forged a telegram requesting German intervention in Austria which led to the "Anschluss" of Austria into Nazi Germany the following day.
After the "Anschluss", Muff headed the so-called Muff Commission which determined which Austrian officers would be transferred from the Bundesheer into the Wehrmacht.
Muff was General of Infantry for Wehrkreis XI in Hanover from 1 September 1939 until 28 February 1943 when he retired.
Wolfgang Muff died on 17 May 1947 in Bad Pyrmont.

</doc>
<doc id="6999089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999089" title="Richard Kahui">
Richard Kahui

Richard Kahui (born 9 June 1985) is a former New Zealand rugby union player. He played for Western Force in Super Rugby AU. He previously played for the and in Super Rugby, Waikato in the National Provincial Championship, and New Zealand internationally. He played at centre and wing.
Career.
Domestic.
Kahui debuted for Waikato in the 2004 NPC. In 2006, he was the top try scorer in the Air New Zealand Cup, and was named the 'Air New Zealand Cup Player of the Year'.
Kahui made his Super Rugby debut in 2006 with the Highlanders. In 2007 he signed with the where he remained for the duration of his playing career in New Zealand. In 2012, he was a part of the championship-winning Chiefs squad.
In 2013 it was announced that he signed with Toshiba Brave Lupus on a two-year deal, beginning with the 2013–14 Top League season.
International.
In 2008 Kahui was also named as a member of the New Zealand All Blacks squad for the inbound tours to New Zealand. He made his All Blacks debut on 21 June 2008, starting at outside centre (13), and scored a try in New Zealand's 44–12 victory over England. He has shown his versatility by playing on the wing (14) in the All Blacks 2009 Bledisloe Cup victory over Australia. A six-month shoulder injury he incurred at the end of his 2009 Super 14 season with the Chiefs, prevented him from playing in the All Black side later in the year.
In 2010, Kahui returned to the All Blacks and was dynamic in the second test against Wales in Dunedin, where he scored a try from playing on the wing. The following week against South Africa, he was named as a reserve and came onto Eden Park in the second half also on the wing again.
At the 2011 Rugby World Cup he scored two tries in the tournament's opening game against Tonga, and another two against Japan. He was an integral part of New Zealand's World Cup winning side, starting several games, including every knockout match at left wing.
Japan.
Kahui lived in Fuchu, Japan with Top League team Toshiba Brave Lupus under Australian coach Joe Barakat, with other New Zealand players Steven Bates and David Hill.
Western Force.
On 14 July 2020, it was announced Kahui had signed for the Western Force who are competing in the Super Rugby AU competition.
Retirement.
Kahui retired from rugby at the end of the 2022 Super Rugby Pacific season to take up AFL playing in the over 35s Masters competition for the Broadbeach Cats Old Boys. Richard signed a lucrative 2 schooners per game contract in 2025. The contract also came with a tray of meat pies as a signing bonus.

</doc>
<doc id="6999090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999090" title="Machete (comics)">
Machete (comics)

Machete (Ferdinand Lopez) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character has been a member of Batroc's Brigade and Doom's Brigade. He was also a former revolutionary of San Diablo in South America. He became a mercenary to finance a revolution but is reportedly killed by Zeitgeist. 
Publication history.
Machete first appeared in "Captain America" #302 (February 1985), and was created by Mike Carlin and Paul Neary.
Fictional character biography.
Fernando Lopez was born in the country of San Diablo. He became a revolutionary, and later a mercenary. He joined Batroc's Brigade. He then first battled Captain America alongside the Brigade. He next battled Hawkeye alongside the Brigade, which had been hired for that purpose by Trickshot.
Later, Machete was employed by Helmut Zemo and the Brigade to steal the skeleton of Ulysses Bloodstone. Machete traveled to the Amazon Jungle with Batroc's Brigade, and was captured by Incas. Machete battled the Incas alongside Batroc's Brigade, Zemo, Captain America, and Diamondback. Machete then battled Captain America alongside Batroc's Brigade. Machete traveled to the Bermuda Triangle, where he battled Captain America again alongside Batroc's Brigade. He traveled to Egypt alongside Batroc's Brigade in search of the Bloodstone fragment. He traveled to Tokyo alongside Batroc's Brigade. There, he battled Japanese cultists for possession of another Bloodstone fragment.
Fernando's brothers, Alfonso and Mariano Lopez, have also each briefly taken on the role.
Powers and abilities.
Fernando Lopez is an athletic man with no superhuman powers. He is an expert with bladed weapons and the throwing of such weapons. For instance, when he attacked Captain America with the intent of stealing his shield, Machete was able to specifically destroy the superhero's shield's internal holding straps while he was wielding it by them in combat, which made the shield much more cumbersome for Captain America to use. He has extensive knowledge of guerilla warfare tactics.
Machete wore a bulletproof Kevlar flak jacket with a variety of pockets and pouches for carrying various weapons, particularly throwing-knives. He wore custom-made combat boots with additional weapons pouches; the remainder of his costume consisted of conventional military surplus items. Machete carried a variety of specially manufactured weighted steel throwing knives, two three-foot machetes, and other items as necessary. Additionally, his costume's gloves were equipped with strong electromagnets to help him retrieve his weapons in case he was disarmed.
Other versions.
An alternate universe variant of Machete from Earth-58163 appears in "House of M" as a member of Shang-Chi's Dragons criminal organization.
In other media.
Machete appears in "The Amazing Spider-Man and Captain America in Dr. Doom's Revenge!".

</doc>
<doc id="6999095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999095" title="Kapamilya Cinema">
Kapamilya Cinema



</doc>
<doc id="6999096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999096" title="Reset (computing)">
Reset (computing)

In a computer or data transmission system, a reset clears any pending errors or events and brings a system to normal condition or an initial state, usually in a controlled manner. It is usually done in response to an error condition when it is impossible or undesirable for a processing activity to proceed and all error recovery mechanisms fail. A computer storage program would normally perform a "reset" if a command times out and error recovery schemes like retry or abort also fail.
Software reset.
A software reset (or soft reset) is initiated by the software, for example, Control-Alt-Delete key combination have been pressed, or execute restart in Microsoft Windows.
Hardware reset.
Most computers have a reset line that brings the device into the startup state and is active for a short time after powering on. For example, in the x86 architecture, asserting the RESET line halts the CPU; this is done after the system is switched on and before the power supply has asserted "power good" to indicate that it is ready to supply stable voltages at sufficient power levels. Reset places less stress on the hardware than power cycling, as the power is not removed. Many computers, especially older models, have user accessible "reset" buttons that assert the reset line to facilitate a system reboot in a way that cannot be trapped (i.e. prevented) by the operating system, or holding a combination of buttons on some mobile devices. Devices may not have a dedicated Reset button, but have the user hold the power button to cut power, which the user can then turn the computer back on. Out-of-band management also frequently provides the possibility to reset the remote system in this way.
Many memory-capable digital circuits (flip-flops, registers, counters and so on) accept the reset signal that sets them to the pre-determined state. This signal is often applied after powering on but may also be applied under other circumstances. After a hard reset, the register states of many hardware have been cleared.
The ability for an electronic device to reset itself in case of error or abnormal power loss is an important aspect of embedded system design and programming. This ability can be observed with everyday electronics such as a television, audio equipment or the electronics of a car, which are able to function as intended again even after having lost power suddenly. A sudden and strange error with a device might sometimes be fixed by removing and restoring power, making the device reset. Some devices, such as portable media players, very often have a dedicated reset button as they are prone to freezing or locking up. The lack of a proper reset ability could otherwise possibly render the device useless after a power loss or malfunction.
User initiated hard resets can be used to reset the device if the software hangs, crashes, or is otherwise unresponsive. However, data may become corrupted if this occurs. Generally, a hard reset is initiated by pressing a dedicated reset button On some systems (e.g, the PlayStation 2 video game console), pressing and releasing the power button initiates a hard reset, and holding the button turns the system off.
Hardware reset in 80x86 IBM PC.
The 8086 microprocessors provide RESET pin that is used to do the hardware reset. When a HIGH is applied to the pin, the CPU immediately stops, and sets the major registers to these values:
The CPU uses the values of CS and IP registers to find the location of the next instruction to execute. Location of next instruction is calculated using this simple equation:
codice_1
This implies that after the hardware reset, the CPU will start execution at the physical address 0xFFFF0. In IBM PC compatible computers, This address maps to BIOS ROM. The memory word at 0xFFFF0 usually contains a JMP instruction that redirects the CPU to execute the initialization code of BIOS. This JMP instruction is absolutely the first instruction executed after the reset.
Hardware reset in later x86 CPUs.
Later x86 processors reset the CS and IP registers similarly, refer to Reset vector.
Mac.
Apple Mac computers allow various levels of resetting, including (CTL,CMD,EJECT) analogous to the three-finger salute (CTL,ALT,DEL) on Windows computers.

</doc>
<doc id="6999109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999109" title="Tommy Heavenly6">
Tommy Heavenly6

Tommy Heavenly6 is Japanese artist, Tomoko Kawase's third solo studio album, and debut studio album under the name Tommy heavenly6. The album was released August 24, 2005 through DefStar Records. "Tommy heavenly6" peaked at #4 on the Oricon albums chart and is certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of Japan.
Release and promotion.
Kawase debuted the Tommy Heavenly6 character after a televised performance by Tommy 6 where she performed tracks from the album's lead single, "Wait till I Can Dream". The single was then released on July 16, 2003. The album's second single "Hey My Friend" was released one year later on May 26, 2004. The single's A-side was used as the closing theme, and B-side used as the opening theme, for the film version of Kamikaze Girls. The album's final single, "Ready?", was released July 20, 2005.
Kawase appeared on the cover of volume 50 of Marquee magazine to promote the album.
After over two years since the album's debut single, the album was finally released on August 24, 2005. The album was released in both standard and limited editions. The limited edition pressing came with a bonus promotional DVD, including music videos and "making of" videos.

</doc>
<doc id="6999113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999113" title="Hainesport Township School District">
Hainesport Township School District

The Hainesport Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade from Hainesport Township, in Burlington County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
As of the 2022–23 school year, the district, comprising one school, had an enrollment of 528 students and 57.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 9.3:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "FG", the fourth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
For ninth through twelfth grades, public school students attend the Rancocas Valley Regional High School, a comprehensive regional public high school serving students from five communities encompassing approximately : Eastampton Township, Hainesport Township, Lumberton Township, Mount Holly Township and Westampton Township. As of the 2021–22 school year, the high school had an enrollment of 2,048 students and 140.3 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.6:1. The school is located in Mount Holly Township.
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
Board of education.
The district's board of education is comprised of nine members who set policy and oversee the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with three seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="6999119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999119" title="Snake Marston (comics)">
Snake Marston (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6999121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999121" title="John Barratier">
John Barratier



</doc>
<doc id="6999128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999128" title="Nicholas art">
Nicholas art



</doc>
<doc id="6999139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999139" title="Tim Johnson (football player)">
Tim Johnson (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6999141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999141" title="Speedsuit">
Speedsuit

A speedsuit is an item of unisex exercise attire or an industrial uniform used when quick clothing changes are necessary. It is either a single piece of clothing which tightly fits the torso and, optionally, varying amounts of the arms and legs; overall, it is similar to a leotard, though intentionally made especially tight and constricting to hug the body for varying purposes of warmth (when used in snowboarding or skiing) and hydrodynamics (when used in swimming and other water sports), or it is a tight fitting collared jumpsuit similar to coveralls.
In popular culture.
A running gag in "The Venture Bros.", beginning with the episode "Hate Floats", is Dr. Venture's assertions regarding the superiority of a "speedsuit" and his desire to outfit his son Dean in a speedsuit, initially for his birthday and later as a rite of passage. A gag in the initial episode mentions how a speedsuit is what a "super-scientist" wears "for the rest of his life", and explanation within the imagined reality of the show for the reason why animated characters are always shown in the same clothing and animated in the same outfits regardless of the circumstance. In the show a speedsuit is a short sleeve jumpsuit. The term has now made its way into the vernacular of the jumpsuit/work uniform industry.

</doc>
<doc id="6999150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999150" title="Philosophers' drinking song">
Philosophers' drinking song



</doc>
<doc id="6999151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999151" title="Philosophers drinking song">
Philosophers drinking song



</doc>
<doc id="6999154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999154" title="Philosopher's drinking song">
Philosopher's drinking song



</doc>
<doc id="6999156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999156" title="Tête-bêche">
Tête-bêche

In philately, tête-bêche (French for "head-to-tail", lit. "head-to-head") is a joined pair of stamps in which one is upside-down in relation to the other, produced intentionally or accidentally. Like any pair of stamps, a pair of "tête-bêches" can be vertical or horizontal. In the case of a pair of triangular stamps, they cannot help but be linked "head-to-tail".
Mechanical errors during the process of production can result in "tête-bêches". During the printing of stamps for booklets, the pages of stamps are usually printed in multiples from a larger printing plate. This can result in "tête-bêche" pairs. Most booklet stamps are printed in sheets, each containing 4 booklets. Looking at such a sheet 2 booklets, one above the other, come in from the left with the other 2 sheets coming from the right which appear to be upside down. Where the columns of stamps from each side meet there is therefore a row of tete-beche pars. It is unusual for these pairs to find their way into the postal system, as the sheets are cut into individual booklet pages before binding into the distributed booklet. A block of 24 5d Machin stamps, which should have been guillotined into four booklet pages, includes four "tête-bêche" pairs. This was sold in 1970, in the normal course of business, by the British Post Office and is exhibited by a member of the Royal Mail Stamp Advisory Committee. 

</doc>
<doc id="6999165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999165" title="Philosophers' Song">
Philosophers' Song



</doc>
<doc id="6999169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999169" title="The Philosopher's Song">
The Philosopher's Song



</doc>
<doc id="6999170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999170" title="Robert Broughton (activist)">
Robert Broughton (activist)

Robert Stanley Broughton (born January 26, 1950) served as President of the Vancouver Bicycle Club from 1992 to 1994, and was president of Airspace Action on Smoking and Health from 1996 to 2001. He was president of the New Westminster Tennis Club in 2006 and 2007. As President of the Vancouver Bicycle Club, he played a role in the establishment of the Union-Adanac bicycle route, and was one of the founders of the Vancouver Area Cycling Coalition. As President of Airspace, he: 
Broughton was also a long-term Director of the Western Canada Wilderness Committee.
He has been a computer programmer since graduating from Virginia Tech in 1972. He realized the potential of the Internet when Mosaic started getting widespread usage, and was responsible for the Vancouver Bicycle Club, Airspace, and the Western Canada Wilderness Committee getting head starts in having an Internet presence. His work on the Western Canada Wilderness Committee site included the campaign to protect the Ursus Valley in Clayoquot Sound, and he also created a site for the Ahousaht First Nations' Women's eco-tourism initiative in 1995. He created a web page for the now-defunct Progressive Democratic Alliance, which made that party one of the first political parties to have a web presence.
Broughton was born in Fredericksburg, Virginia. He lived mostly in Virginia (except for some time in New Jersey and Florida) until moving to Vancouver in 1981. He lived in Oslo, Norway for 3 years in the late 1980s. He became a Canadian citizen in 1994. He was the Green Party candidate for New Westminster in the 2001 and 2005 provincial elections.
He has traveled extensively in Northern Europe, Peru, Mexico, and Russia. He retired in 2012, and lived in Guanajuato, Mexico from 2012 to 2022. He was active in the San Miguel de Allende Center of PEN International and a supporter of the ABBA House migrant shelter in Celaya. He moved to Kamloops, British Columbia in 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6999175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999175" title="Conde S. Januário Hospital">
Conde S. Januário Hospital

Conde S. Januário Hospital (; ; CHCSJ) is an acute care district general hospital run by the public sector in Sé, Macau.
Established in 1874 and extended in 1989, it has 476 beds and offers 22 different services, both for inpatients and for outpatients. The hospital is colloquially known as 'Hill-top Hospital' () by the majority of local people. Herein, the 'Hill' refers to the Guia Hill ( or ).
Till 2019 there was no western-style medical school in Macau, so all prospective doctors from Macau have to qualify outside of Macau. Alternatively, qualified doctors could be brought in from outside. Macau University of Science and Technology started a medical school in Macau in September 2019 for its MBBS program. The second batch of students started their classes on 21 September 2020. Clinical training of medical students will start from third year of medical training in the university hospital associated with the university. The medical school has been listed in the world directory of medical schools. Medium of instruction in the medical school is English. Most of the students are from Macau. The duration of MBBS course is 5 years with an additional year for internship.
The hospital is accredited by The Australian Council on Healthcare standards (ACHS) from 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6999177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999177" title="Centrally planned economies">
Centrally planned economies



</doc>
<doc id="6999181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999181" title="Sundials (song)">
Sundials (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6999184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999184" title="Tete-beche">
Tete-beche



</doc>
<doc id="6999187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999187" title="Coronary (comics)">
Coronary (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6999196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999196" title="Karen Kingsbury">
Karen Kingsbury

Karen Kingsbury (born June 8, 1963) is an American Christian novelist born in Fairfax, Virginia.
She was a sports writer for the "Los Angeles Times" and later wrote for the "Los Angeles Daily News". Her first book, "Missy's Murder" (1991), was based on a murder story that she covered in Los Angeles. During this time, she had an article published in "People Magazine".
She has written or co-written almost 100 novels or short stories, and (as of 2008) has nearly 13 million copies of her novels in print. She is a #1 New York Times and USA Today best selling novelist with the last dozen books published topping bestseller lists. Some of her novels are being developed into movies by The Hallmark Channel, including "The Bridge", "A Time to Dance" (2015), and "Maggie's Christmas Miracle" (2017). Her "Baxter Family" series was adapted into a television series by Lightworkers Media and Roma Downey in 2024 on Prime Video. 
Kingsbury also does public speaking, and through national events she reaches more than 100,000 people each year.
Early life.
Karen Kingsbury is the oldest of five children born to Ted and Anne Kingsbury. Her family moved around a lot because of her father's job with IBM; ultimately the family would finally settle down in the San Fernando Valley (relocating from Michigan) when Karen was ten.
She graduated with a degree in journalism from California State University Northridge in 1986. 
Career.
She worked for the Los Angeles Times as a sports writer and also reported on the crime beat. 
In conjunction with Kingsbury, Liberty University announced in November 2017 the opening of the "Karen Kingsbury Center for Creative Writing" as part of its College of Arts and Sciences, where students can obtain a minor in Creative Writing. Kingsbury herself will teach several of the courses, both in residence at Liberty and online.
Personal life.
She married her husband, Don Russell, on July 23, 1989. They joined a nondenominational church, and were baptized. They have three children and later adopted three boys from Haiti.
Karen Kingsbury's father died due to complications from diabetes. She chose to start eating healthier and to cut out sugar and as a result lost 70 pounds between January and November 2007.
Books.
Series involving the Baxter Family.
These sets of series is by far her most popular, and comprise nearly a quarter of her work. The Baxters are either the main characters, or play key roles, in each of the books. The series is set mainly in and around Bloomington, Indiana (where the Baxters grew up and some of them still live in the series).
Other series.
Treasury of Miracles Books.
Source:
Other works.
True crime.
These four books were Kingsbury's first novels. They were re-released in 2014 and included a letter from Kingsbury to her readers, explaining how writing these types of stories became too much for her to handle emotionally due to the darkness associated with them, and thus she changed genres to writing more general fiction with a Christian emphasis (which she titled, and has trademarked, as "Life-Changing Fiction").
Standalone novels.
Source:
Music.
Karen Kingsbury co-wrote her first song, "Walls" with Gary Baker and Richie McDonald; it appeared on McDonald's inspirational album, "I Turn to You" and hit Christian and Country radio in January 2009.
She wrote the song, "Tell Me to Breathe", that was included on the album "I Can Do This" by Marie Osmond.
Kingsbury also wrote "Miracles Happen", a Christmas song sung by country musician Richie McDonald, which now appears on McDonald's CD, "If Every Day Could Be Christmas".

</doc>
<doc id="6999197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999197" title="Kusaila">
Kusaila

Kusaila ibn Malzam (), also known as Aksel, was a 7th-century Berber Christian ruler of the kingdom of Altava and leader of the Awraba tribe, a Christianised sedentary Berber tribe of the Aures and possibly Christian king of the Sanhaja. Under his rule his domain stretched from Volubilis in the west to the Aurès in the east and later Kairouan and the interior of Ifriqiya. Kusaila is mostly known for leading Berber forces against the Muslim conquest of the Maghreb in the 680s. He was ultimately defeated and killed in the battle of Mamma in 688.
Etymology.
Possibly from Caesilius (Cecilian), a Roman name widely used among Christianized Berbers, but more likely from Berber (Aksil) "Feline", still attested in the dialects of Aurès, region of which Kusila was native.
Historical importance.
Initially the Berber States were able to defeat the Umayyads at the Battle of Vescera (modern Biskra in Algeria), that was fought in 682 AD between the Berbers of King Kusaila and their Byzantine allies from the Exarchate of Africa against an Umayyad army under Uqba ibn Nafi, the founder of Kairouan.
Uqba ibn Nafi had led his men in an invasion across North Africa, eventually reaching the Atlantic Ocean and marching as far south as the Draa and Sous rivers. On his return, he was met by the Berber-Byzantine coalition at Tahuda south of Vescera, his army was crushed and he himself was killed. As a result of this crushing defeat Kusaila took control of Byzacena and a large part of Ifriqiya, the Arabs lost all of their land in Africa west of Cyrenaica and were expelled from the area of modern Tunisia and eastern Algeria for more than a decade.
Biography.
His homeland was Tlemcen, now in Algeria, according to Ibn Khaldun. However, this account dates from the 14th century, some 700 years later. Indeed, Kusaila, according to historian Noe Villaverde, was probably a king of Altava. Other sources closer to Kusaila's time (ninth century is the earliest available) associate him only with the Aurès Mountains in Algeria. Kusaila grew up in Berber tribal territory during the time of the Byzantine exarchate.
Kusaila is speculated to be a Christian based on his Roman-sounding name. According to historian Gabriel Camps, his name was a possible translation in Berber of the Latin name "Caecilius", showing that he was from a noble Berber family. His name even intrigued Orientalists; unlike other Berber kings, like his predecessors Masuna, Masties, Mastigas and Garmul, Arab chroniclers likely transmitted us a name of another language: Latin Caecilius, a common name found in the graves of Volubilis.
He was captured by Uqba but in AD 683 he succeeded in escaping and raised against his tormentors a large force of Christian Berber and Byzantine soldiers. And attacked Uqba, killing him near Biskra. After Uqba's death his armies retreated from Kairouan, which Kusaila took as his capital, and for a while he seems to have been at least in name the master of all North Africa. But his respite from battle was to be short-lived. Five years later Kusaila was killed in battle against fresh Arab forces led by a Muslim general from Damascus. This soldier was himself ambushed and put to death by Byzantine sea-raiders shortly afterwards. For a while confusion reigned, but the Awraba recognized the weakness of their position and eventually capitulated to the newly re-organized and reinforced Arab army. With the death of Kusaila, the torch of resistance passed to a tribe known as the Jerawa, who had their home in the Aurès.
According to late Muslim accounts (11th century through to ibn Khaldun in the 14th century) the amir of the Muslim invaders, who was then a freed slave called Abu al-Muhajir Dinar, surprisingly invited Kusaila to meet with him in his camp. Abu al-Muhajir Dinar convinced him to accept Islam and join his army with a promise of full equality with the Arabs (678). Abu al-Muhajir was a master in diplomacy and thoroughly impressed Kusaila with not only his piety but with his high sense of respect and etiquette. Kusaila incorporated the Awraba-Sanhaja into the conquering Arab force and participated in their uniformly successful campaigns under Abu al-Muhajir.
This amir was then forcibly replaced by Uqba ibn Nafi, who treated Kusaila and his men with contempt. Eventually Uqba's disrespect enraged Kusaila and provoked a plot of revenge. On the army's return from Morocco, Uqba allowed his troops to break up and go home. The remainder, about 300, were vulnerable and exhausted. On the return march to Kairouan, Kusaila joined with the Byzantine forces and organised an ambush. The Christian-Berber force, about 5000 strong, defeated the Arabs and felled Uqba at Tahudha near Biskra in 683. Kusaila now held undisputed mastery over North Africa and marched to Kairouan in triumph.
The above account is disputed by some historians, who prefer the earlier 9th-century sources. According to these, Abu al-Muhajir had no connection with Kusaila, nor did Uqba ibn Nafi until he was ambushed at Tahudha. These earlier sources also describe Kusaila as a Christian, not a Muslim convert. They do agree, however, that he led a Berber force when he defeated Uqba.
In 687 AD Arab reinforcements arrived under Zuhayr ibn Qays. Kusaila met them in 688 AD at the Battle of Mamma. Vastly outnumbered, the Awraba were defeated and Kusaila was killed. In 693, Caliph Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan sent an army of 40,000 men commanded by Hassan ibn al-Nu'man to Cyrenaica and Tripolitania in order to remove the Byzantine threat to the Umayyads in North Africa. They met no rival groups until they reached Tunisia where they captured Carthage and defeated the Byzantines and Berbers around Bizerte. However, it was not the last instance of Berber resistance, since Kahina succeeded Kusaila as the war leader of the Berber tribes in the 680s.
Further reading.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6999199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999199" title="Progress for America">
Progress for America

Progress for America (PFA) (a 501(c)(4)) and its affiliate Progress for America Voter Fund (PFA-VF) (a 527 committee) are national tax-exempt organizations in the United States. PFA was established in 2001 to support George W. Bush's "Agenda for America". The PFA Voter Fund, which was set up in 2004, raised US$38 million in support of Bush's 2004 election bid.
History.
PFA was registered as a 501(c)(4) group in February 2001 by Tony Feather, a political director of the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and partner at DCI Group as well as at the affiliated telemarketing and fundraising firm of Feather Larson Synhorst-DCI (FLS-DCI). Feather set up PFA as a "grassroots organization that mobilizes the public to contact their members of Congress about pending legislation and to write local newspapers to publicize the White House's agenda," the Center for Public Integrity wrote in 2002. During the first part of the Bush administration, it led campaigns to support tax cuts, conservative judicial appointments and energy legislation.
Feather told "The Washington Post" in August 2002 that PFA was simply a vehicle for building grassroots support for Bush administration policies. However others said it was intended to accept soft money donations which political parties were barred from accepting starting in 2002. Feather left PFA in 2003 after receiving a legal opinion that his involvement with it and the Bush-Cheney campaign could violate regulations barring coordination between the entities.
PFA spin-offs and projects.
Progress for America Voter Fund.
On July 21, 2004, complaints were filed with the Federal Election Commission (FEC) by Democracy 21, the Campaign Legal Center, and OpenSecrets. The Complaints charged that Progress for America Voter Fund (PFA-VF) was illegally raising and spending soft money to influence the 2004 presidential elections.
On February 28, 2007, the Federal Election Commission (FEC) reached a settlement with Progress for America related to its activities in 2004. In the 2004 election cycle, the Fund had raised US$45 million. Under the terms of the settlement, PFA-VF did not admit to any wrongdoing, and agreed to pay US$750,000 and to register as a political committee if it undertakes any activities similar to those in 2004. The FEC stated: "Over US$41 million of those funds consisted of excessive contributions from individuals, while over US$2 million came from sources prohibited from making contributions . . . ."
Ashley and friends.
PFA-VF spent US$14.2 million on ad time for "Ashley's Story", which ran on cable stations and in nine key states. According to USA Today, the ad was supported by ashleysstory.com, as well as "e-mails, automated phone calls and 2.3 million brochures" mailed to voters.
Push for privatized Social Security.
After winning re-election in 2004, Bush emphasized changes in Social Security as a major domestic goal of his second term. He called for partial privatization of the system. PFA "has estimated it will spend US$20 million promoting private accounts. It has run a series of ads on cable television, including a spot that invokes the legacy of Democratic President Franklin Roosevelt, who signed the legislation creating the retirement system", the "Houston Chronicle" reported in February 2005.
In late February 2005, the "Houston Chronicle" reported that Texas A&amp;M University economics professor Thomas R. Saving had joined up with Progress for America as an advisor and spokesman. Saving, however, is serving as one of seven trustees for the Social Security Administration, raising questions about potential conflicts of interest between his advocacy work at PFA and his role as a Social Security "trustee". Saving is also a fellow at the National Center for Policy Analysis. According to the "Chronicle", former US Treasurer Rosario Marin joined PFA as an advisor as well.
"I'm interested in the issues and I'm working on them and I'll continue to work on them", Saving told the "Chronicle". "I already do an awful lot of speeches about Social Security and Medicare."
Federal judicial battles.
In May 2005, PFA began running ads targeted at pressuring Republicans Senators into supporting a ban on Senate filibusters for judicial nominations. "Associated Press" reported that PFA would spend US$350,000 on "radio ads on Christian stations" and US$1.5 million on television ads to be run in Alaska, Arkansas, Maine, North Dakota, Nebraska and Rhode Island as well as nationally.
In June 2005, "The Hill" reported that PFA intended to "spend at least US$18 million on the expected fight to replace William Rehnquist, chief justice of the US Supreme Court". PFA's campaign would include "national cable-news and broadcast-television ads in targeted states. The group will also coordinate grassroots organizers and public-relations specialists in eighteen states, including states represented by centrist Republican senators such as Arizona, Maine and Oregon" "The Hill" wrote. The groups will also use phone-bank and direct-mail in its campaign. "Before Senate confirmation of Owen and Brown, PFA claims to have helped generate nearly 80,000 telephone calls supporting their nominations", "The Hill" reported. PFA will work closely with the Judicial Confirmation Network and the Committee for Justice on the campaign.
On June 22, 2005, PFA issued a press release announcing a US$700,000 campaign in anticipation of a Supreme Court Justice vacancy during the Court's summer break. The campaign included buys on big newspapers' internet websites, and a roll-out of a new website: upordownvote.com.
Iraq War advertising campaign.
Starting in 2006, Progress for America began an ad campaign in support of the Iraq War, with a US$1 million ad campaign in Minnesota. Progress for America spokesman Stuart Roy said the group purchased "a saturation buy" in Minnesota and said that bolstering support for the war now "will be a major focus, if not the major focus of Progress for America". These ads often feature war veterans speaking in support for the war and for then President Bush.

</doc>
<doc id="6999202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999202" title="Sprinter (passenger rail)">
Sprinter (passenger rail)



</doc>
<doc id="6999205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999205" title="Spy Hunter (disambiguation)">
Spy Hunter (disambiguation)

Spy hunter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6999206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999206" title="Sharon (talk show)">
Sharon (talk show)

Sharon is a Philippine television talk show broadcast by ABS-CBN. Hosted by Sharon Cuneta, it aired from September 6, 1998 to May 9, 2004, replacing "Compañero y Compañera" and was replaced by "Rated K". The program is returned from February 26, 2006 to October 3, 2010, and was replaced by "Star Power".
Series overview.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Premise.
The musical gabfest served as Cuneta's TV comeback in 1998 after a yearlong hiatus from show business. The show had a successful six-year run, becoming a top-rated weekly program, and clinched Best Talk Show honors and Best Talk Show Host accolades for Cuneta, who took another break from TV in 2004 and returned in 2006 with the latest incarnation of the "Sharon" show. The show was honored as Best Entertainment Program of 2007 by the Catholic Mass Media Awards and highly commended in the Asian Television Awards. In 2009, the show topped the Sunday night TV ratings and continued its winning streak in 2010 starting off with the Megastar's birthday bash, showbiz's most awaited new year salvo.
Cancellation.
In August 2010 episode, Sharon herself announced that the show would be canceled on October 3, 2010, replaced by "Star Power", which she co- hosted with singers Christian Bautista and Erik Santos on October 10, 2010.
Following Cuneta's transfer to TV5 in 2011, a new talk show was commissioned titled "" which aired from May 14, 2012, to January 4, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6999222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999222" title="Grindhouse (comics)">
Grindhouse (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6999233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999233" title="Adam Jones (football player)">
Adam Jones (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6999236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999236" title="Riečka">
Riečka



</doc>
<doc id="6999245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999245" title="Brian Jones (football player)">
Brian Jones (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6999251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999251" title="Areia Preta Health Center">
Areia Preta Health Center



</doc>
<doc id="6999257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999257" title="Internet Map Server">
Internet Map Server

Internet Map Server (IMS) provide maps through the Internet usually as images. One standard specification for such a server is the OGC Web Map Service.

</doc>
<doc id="6999259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999259" title="WMXC">
WMXC

WMXC (99.9 FM) is a commercial radio station licensed to Mobile, Alabama, and serving the Mobile and Pensacola metropolitan areas. The station broadcasts an adult Hits radio format, switching to Christmas music for much of November and December. It is owned by iHeartMedia, with the broadcast license held by iHM Licenses, LLC. The studios are co-located with former sister television station WKRG-TV on Broadcast Drive in Mobile. WMXC carries several syndicated shows from co-owned Premiere Networks: "Murphy, Sam &amp; Jodi" in morning drive time, "Delilah" in the evening and "Ellen K" on Saturday mornings.
WMXC's transmitter is in Robertsdale, Alabama. It broadcasts using HD Radio technology. The HD2 digital subchannel airs an urban gospel format which feeds 250-watt FM translator W262BL at 100.3 MHz. The HD3 subchannel simulcasts the talk radio format of WNTM 710 AM.
History.
WKRG-FM.
The station traces its history back to October 16, 1947, when it signed on as WKRG-FM. The original call letters represented the initials of Kenneth R. Giddens, a movie theatre owner, broadcast pioneer, and architect. Giddens also owned WKRG 710 AM (now WNTM). In 1955, he also put WKRG-TV on the air, the latter of which continues to broadcast with the same call letters. Giddens would go on to head the Voice of America from 1969 to 1977 and served as acting director of Radio Marti in 1985. Giddens, a former board member of the National Association of Broadcasters, died in May 1993.
In its early days, WKRG-FM simulcast its AM counterpart. But in 1965, it adopted a beautiful music format, featuring quarter-hour sweeps of soft instrumental music with limited talk and commercials. During the 1970s, WKRG-FM became the area's first Top-40 station on the FM dial and was known as "G-100". WKRG-FM operated as a Top-40/CHR station until 1986 when it flipped to adult contemporary under the name "WKRG 99.9 FM".
For a time in the 1960s, WKRG-TV, Inc., which was the license holder for WKRG, WKRG-FM, and WKRG-TV, was 50%-owned by the "Mobile Press-Register" daily newspaper. In 1966, when S. I. Newhouse acquired the Mobile newspaper company, he also acquired that 50% broadcasting ownership stake. Newhouse, who also owned radio stations associated with his other two Alabama-based newspapers, later sold all of these stations to focus on the print side of his media empire.
Change in ownership.
After nearly five decades of operation by the Giddens family, WKRG-TV, Inc., reached an agreement in April 1994 to sell WKRG-FM to Coast Radio, LLC. The deal was approved by the FCC on July 21, 1994.
In September 1994, Coast Radio, LLC, flipped the station to Capitol Broadcasting Company, LLC. The deal was approved by the FCC on December 15, 1994, and the transaction was consummated the same day.
WMXC.
The station was assigned the call letters WKRD by the Federal Communications Commission on September 12, 1994. This change would prove short-lived as the station was assigned the current WMXC call sign on October 3, 1994.
In April 1997, Capitol Broadcasting Company, LLC, made a deal to sell this station to Clear Channel Communications through the Clear Channel Radio License, Inc, subsidiary. The deal, part of the $24 million complete acquisition of Capital Broadcasting, was approved by the FCC on November 21, 1997, and the transaction was consummated on December 31, 1997.
Hurricane Ivan struck the Gulf Coast in 2004, and Hurricane Katrina followed in 2005. On both occasions, the station dropped all regular programming, and along with WKSJ, broadcast local hurricane and recovery information. It was the market's only radio-specific storm coverage. During Katrina, WMXC's continuous local coverage ran for 122 consecutive hours.
In 2006, WMXC began streaming on the Internet but with a different commercial schedule than its over-the-air signal. During 2007, the station started broadcasting in HD. A secondary HD-2 channel is also operating with a full-time Smooth Jazz format, a complement to the primary station's "Smooth Jazz Sunday Brunch".
HD Radio.
When it first began broadcasting using HD Radio technology, WMXC aired an urban contemporary format on its HD2 subchannel. It was branded as "100.3 The Beat" (simulcast on FM translator W262BL 100.3 FM Mobile). On January 29, 2018, W262BL/WMXC-HD2 changed its format to urban gospel, branded as "Hallelujah 100.3".
On its HD3 subchannel, WMXC rebroadcasts the talk radio programming of co-owned WNTM 710 AM.

</doc>
<doc id="6999270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999270" title="Hiddenwood National Wildlife Refuge">
Hiddenwood National Wildlife Refuge

Hiddenwood National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. The refuge is an Easement refuge that is entirely on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Hiddenwood NWR from offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.
This is a limited-interest national wildlife refuge. The FWS has an easement on private property allowing it to manage wildlife habitat, but the land remains private property. There is no public access except from adjacent public roads. Limited-interest refuges were created in the 1930s and 1940s in response to declining waterfowl populations and the need to get people back to work during the Great Depression. Many landowners sold easements allowing the federal government to regulate water levels and restrict hunting.

</doc>
<doc id="6999277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999277" title="Canca">
Canca



</doc>
<doc id="6999278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999278" title="Breitling Orbiter">
Breitling Orbiter

Breitling Orbiter was the name of three different Rozière balloons made by the Bristol-based balloon manufacturer Cameron Balloons to circumnavigate the globe, named after the Swiss watchmakers Breitling. The third was successful in March 1999 of making the first nonstop flight around the world by balloon. It was piloted by Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones.
"Breitling Orbiter 3".
Breitling Orbiter 3 was the first balloon to fly around the world non-stop, piloted by Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones. Designed and built by Cameron Balloons, of Bristol, England, "Breitling Orbiter 3" stood 180 ft (55 m) tall when inflated completely. The propane gas that fueled its six burners was contained in 28 titanium cylinders mounted in two rows along the sides of the gondola. Concerned about fuel consumption, the team added four additional propane containers prior to launch; these additions proved necessary to complete the trip. The Breitling Orbiter 3 held the record for the longest distance un-refuelled flight () of any aircraft in aviation history until the 2006 flight of the Virgin Atlantic GlobalFlyer. It still holds the record for the longest duration un-refuelled flight (19 days, 21 hours and 47 minutes).
The gondola is on display in the Udvar-Hazy Center at the National Air and Space Museum at Dulles Airport outside Washington, D.C. A model of the Orbiter 3 constructed with a spare Orbiter 2 envelope was exhibited at Gasometer Oberhausen from 2004 to 2006.
Balloon.
The "Breitling Orbiter 3" was a Cameron R-650 Rozière balloon, which combines the features of a hot-air balloon and a gas balloon, with a helium cell within a hot-air envelope. Initially, the helium cell is filled to approximately 47% of its maximum capacity. During ascent, warming by the sun causes the helium to expand even more than the surrounding air, which aids the balloon in gaining altitude (unlike the expansion caused by the drop in atmospheric pressure, which can even hinder that until the air and helium temperatures equalize). 
Gondola.
The "Breitling Orbiter 3" gondola was constructed of a weave of Kevlar and carbon fiber material. After launching, the cabin was sealed at 6,000 ft (1,800 m) to trap the air within it. During the flight the cabin atmosphere was supplemented by nitrogen and oxygen; carbon dioxide was removed by lithium hydroxide filters. Cabin pressure was maintained at around by adding oxygen and nitrogen to the cabin air as necessary. At 33,000 ft (10,000 m), the cabin pressure equaled atmospheric pressure at 10,000 ft (3,000 m). Solar panels suspended beneath the gondola recharged the on-board lead-acid batteries that provided electrical power. Satellite-based systems enabled the crew to navigate via GPS as well as communicate.
Flight.
Bertrand Piccard and Brian Jones launched from the Swiss Alpine village of Château-d'Oex at 8:05, GMT, March 1, 1999. They traveled southwest over the Mediterranean and then swung east over Mauritania on March 2 at a starting meridian of 9 degrees, 12 minutes west. They landed in the Egyptian desert after being aloft 19 days, 21 hours, and 55 minutes on March 21, 1999, having traveled a distance of 25,361 mi (40,814 km). During the course of the flight, the balloon had climbed to altitudes of up to 38,507 ft (11,737 m), and achieved speeds up to . The official "finish line" of the circumnavigation occurred over Mauritania at 4:54 AM, EST on March 19. The goal of ending in Egypt had been to touch down near the Great Pyramids; however, high winds forced the pilots to land short of their target about 80 kilometers north of Mut. Aboard, they carried a copy of Guy de Maupassant's "A Life", which had been inscribed by Maupassant to Jules Verne, who had imagined such a flight in his novel, "Five Weeks in a Balloon". The book had been loaned to the pilots to carry for good luck by a grandson of Jules Verne from the novelist's personal library.
Jones noted Piccard's Geneva news conference remarks: "We took off as friends and landed as brothers." 
The daily routine was for each man to spend eight hours alone at the controls, eight hours working with his crewmate, and eight hours in the single bunk. A unique pressure-operated toilet was included in a curtained off area at the rear of the craft. Despite the use of heaters designed to maintain a cabin temperature of , temperatures occasionally decreased so much at night that drinking water froze and ice had to be chipped away from delicate electronic circuitry on the interior walls.
When asked by reporter Howard Schneider about the fate of "Breitling Orbiter 3", the project manager Alan Noble remarked that the sponsors and the team "...would probably donate the craft to a museum. Possibly the National Air and Space Museum or the Smithsonian." And indeed the gondola was located for several years on the ground floor of the National Air and Space Museum in the Milestones of Flight Gallery, next to the Wright Brothers 1903 "Flyer", Charles Lindbergh's "Spirit of St. Louis", the Mercury "Friendship 7" capsule, the "Gemini IV" capsule, the Apollo 11 command module "Columbia", and "Space Ship One". 
The gondola is now displayed at the Udvar-Hazy Center of the National Air and Space Museum, Dulles Airport outside Washington D.C.

</doc>
<doc id="6999283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999283" title="Emerald (window decorator)">
Emerald (window decorator)



</doc>
<doc id="6999288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999288" title="Janice, Rimavská Sobota">
Janice, Rimavská Sobota



</doc>
<doc id="6999289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999289" title="Burbank Potato">
Burbank Potato



</doc>
<doc id="6999296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999296" title="Potok, Rimavská Sobota">
Potok, Rimavská Sobota



</doc>
<doc id="6999304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999304" title="List of chemical process simulators">
List of chemical process simulators

This is a list of software used to simulate the material and energy balances of chemical process plants. Applications for this include design studies, engineering studies, design audits, debottlenecking studies, control system check-out, process simulation, dynamic simulation, operator training simulators, pipeline management systems, production management systems, digital twins.

</doc>
<doc id="6999313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999313" title="Menno Colony">
Menno Colony

Menno Colony is a Mennonite settlement located in the central part of the Chaco region, in northwest Paraguay, occupying an area of 7500 km2 (2900 mi2). It was founded in 1926 by Plautdietsch-speaking descendants of Russian Mennonites who emigrated from Canadian provinces of Manitoba and Saskatchewan. Neighbouring Mennonite settlements are Fernheim Colony and Neuland Colony. The main settlement of the colony is Loma Plata. Menno is the largest of the Mennonite colonies in Paraguay.
History.
The 10,000 residents are Mennonites of Prussian and Dutch background. The ancestors of these Mennonites originated in the Netherlands and Belgium and lived in West Prussia until the end of the 18th century, in the Black Sea region of Ukraine until 1874 and in Manitoba, Canada, until 1926, before settling in Paraguay. Loma Plata with a population of about 3500 is the largest town within the colony and is the administrative centre. The emigration from Canada to Paraguay was a reaction to the introduction of universal, secular compulsory education in 1917 requiring the use of the English language, which the more conservative Mennonites saw as a threat to the religious basis of their community.
A second impetus was the Canadian settlement act, which prevented the form of cooperative farming that was practised in Russia. In 1919 a delegation was sent to South America to find a new home. The Paraguayan state was interested in opening the vast undeveloped Chaco to industrious settlers and made a considerable number of concessions to the delegation. Concessions included freedom from military service, the right to run their own German language schools, a far reaching guarantee to autonomously manage their own affairs within the jurisdiction of the colony without government interference, absolute religious freedom and an open immigration policy allowing more Mennonites settlers. The Mennonites bought the necessary land at an inflated price from the Argentine firm Casado, one of the largest landholders in the Chaco. 1743 settlers came to Paraguay from Canada in 1927.
In the 1950s, there was an exodus back to Canada because of unfavourable living conditions and in response to the conservatism of the colony. In the past decade, Menno has had a rapidly developing economy and good public image. Canadian Mennonites are returning and the colony is also an attraction to Paraguayans outside the Mennonite colonies.
Economy.
For a long time, the life of Mennonites in the Chaco was marked by extreme deprivation as a result of the new arrivals' complete lack of agricultural experience under tropical conditions. The relationship between the climate and the earth, especially the dryness of the winter months, turned out to be more extreme than the writing of the Paraguayan promoters had led them to believe. These circumstances were made even more difficult by voluntarily doing without modern agricultural equipment. Marketing products was extremely challenging because of the isolated location of the colony and as a result, most economic activity was related to subsistence farming.
An economic upswing in the central Chaco began in the 1980s when the agricultural co-operative, with the help of World Bank credits, invested in dairy production. The introduction of the drought- and heat-resistant buffalo grass from North America in 1955, which created the foundation of an extensive cattle industry, and the construction of the Trans-Chaco Highway to Asunción in 1965 were significant predecessors to economic growth. An important factor in the economic improvement was the reform of the school system and a general liberalisation.
Population.
In 1928 the number of Mennonites who settled in Menno was 1,303. In 1956 it had grown to 4,333 and in 1987 to 6,650. In 2014 the population stood at about 10,000. There were not many people who left the colony, the ones who did so, left mainly in the first years and then again starting in the 1950s.
Indigenous people.
Lengua Indians lived in the area where the Mennonites settled. There were originally about 600 Lengua and the number has grown considerably since the founding of Menno Colony. Because of improved living conditions and exceptionally good relations between the original inhabitants and the Mennonite settlers, Menno and the neighbouring settlements attracted other native groups. For the social and economic advancement of the indigenous population the Mennonites established a service co-operative, "Asociación de Servicios de Cooperación Indígena Mennonita" (ASCIM) in 1961.
ASCIM has 300 members, of which half are Mennonites and half indigenous. The governing board of the non-profit association consists of 30 indigenous and 32 non-indigenous representatives. The number of indigenous residents is now about 25,000 and growing, numbering more than the Mennonite population. Although Mennonites and indigenous people have worked closely together for a long time and some of the latter learnt to speak the Plautdietsch language of the settlers, further mixing of the two cultures has not occurred. Christian mission work among the indigenous groups often becomes a competition between the missionary effort of the Mennonites and the Paraguayan Roman Catholic missionaries.

</doc>
<doc id="6999348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999348" title="Charles Grant (American football player)">
Charles Grant (American football player)



</doc>
<doc id="6999353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999353" title="Elisabeth Ogilvie">
Elisabeth Ogilvie

Elisabeth M. Ogilvie (May 20, 1917 – September 9, 2006) was an American novelist. Ogilvie is best known for writing a series of novels set on islands off the coast of Maine, where she lived as an adult. She died in Cushing, Maine, at the age of 89.
Early life and education.
Ogilvie was born in Boston on May 20, 1917, to Frank and Maude Ogilvie. She had three older brothers. Growing up, Ogilvie spent summers on the Maine island of Criehaven. She was raised in Dorchester and Wollaston, and she graduated from North Quincy High School in 1934. Ogilvie did not earn a college degree, but took a writing course at Harvard.
Career.
Ogilvie published her first novel, "High Tide at Noon" in 1944, which was the first of eight novels in the Bennett's Island series. She modeled the setting on Criehaven, the Maine island where she spent summers growing up.
Ogilvie wrote 46 adult, young adult, and children's books. Many of her novels dealt with life in Maine and lobstering families along the coast. She also wrote a series of novels set in Scotland, inspired by her Scottish descent and her travels there. In 1950, Ogilvie published an autobiographical book, "My World is an Island", about her life on Gay Island.
Personal life.
In 1944, Ogilvie moved to a farm on Gay Island in the town of Cushing, Maine. She lived there for more than 50 years, sharing the house with her longtime companion and friend Dorothy Simpson (1905–1998), and Simpson's husband, Guy.
Death.
Ogilvie died of a stroke on September 9, 2006 in Cushing, Maine.
Works published.
Series.
Bennett Island Family
Other Series

</doc>
<doc id="6999354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999354" title="Murder City (TV series)">
Murder City (TV series)

Murder City is a British crime drama series produced by Granada Television, first broadcast on 18 March 2004 on ITV, that focuses on two mismatched detectives, DI Susan Alembic (Amanda Donohoe) and DS Luke Stone (Kris Marshall), who scour London solving complex cases. The first series consisted of six episodes. A second and final series of four episodes was subsequently commissioned and began broadcast on 5 April 2006. Following declining viewership, a third series of "Murder City" was not commissioned. BBC America began airing the complete series on 17 August 2006, and it was subsequently released in a Region 1 four-disc DVD box set by Image Entertainment on 14 August 2007.
Characterisation.
Whilst the premise of the show features a murder squad investigating complex cases in and around London, the drama created is centered around the realignment of character team-ups. Although DI Susan Alembic (Amanda Donohoe) and DS Luke Stone (Kris Marshall) are the lead characters and partners, writer Robert Murphy frequently separates them at the beginning of each episode by providing them with individual cases to solve. While Alembic is typically partnered with DI Adrian Dumfries (Geff Francis), Dumfries also possessed his own cases, which the episodes followed.
Additionally, character personality alignment frequently varies. Episodes switch between either Stone and Alembic uniting against Dumfries's personality or Dumfries and Alembic agreeing to discourage Stone's theories. However, one episode shows all three sharing a laugh to the chagrin of DCI Sebastian Turner (Tim Woodward). Despite showing the personality failures of each character, the series does not overtly lampoon any character or favour one crime-solving style over another. Both the 'out of the box' and the 'by the book' characters contribute to the solution of their individual cases through their unique approaches.
Characters.
Main characters.
DI Susan Alembic is possibly one of the more talented DIs in her department, and she partners with the arguably less experienced Luke Stone. Alembic is shown in a very professional respect, with very few references to her personal life. In "Happy Families", it is revealed that Alembic is married with a child, while in "Mr. Right", Alembic chastises Stone for his inability to balance his personal and work lives. Although by the book, Alembic frequently solves the cases she encounters. During the second series, Alembic's character shifted slightly externally, from the professional business-suited exterior of the first series to a more business casual attire constituting jeans and T-shirts. Additionally, despite the hints of a solid marriage and congenial parent-child relationship in the first series, the possibility of her husband's infidelity is hinted at during "Wives and Lovers".
DS Luke Stone is initially used to provide comic relief in the first series and is viewed as impetuous by Dumfries and Turner owing to his outrageous theories. Stone typically provides ironclad evidence for use against suspects. Dumfries refers to him as Alembic's "monkey", and Turner punishes him by assigning him to lone cases. Stone appears as the eccentric genius loner and frames him as a type of wild cannon. Despite a strong connection with Alembic, he avoids long-term relationships and romantically interacting with women outside of sexual liaisons. A recurring joke surrounds his inability to remember the names of his departmental conquests and his difficulty in dealing with Dr. Parvez. In "Mr. Right", he becomes obsessed with a female murder victim. Alembic confronts his overdedication to the job, lack of emotional commitment, and usage of the job as a secondary home. However, Stone's 'inspiration' assists him in solving the perfect crime. And his fascination with the 'throwaway' case in episode two brings to light the murder of a murderer.
Other characters.
DC Alison Bain is a very keen, ambitious young detective who holds a passion for finding clues to fit the puzzle. Crafted and taught by Alembic, Bain has a certain tact about her which overshadows Stone's rather upfront and senseless style. Often highlighted by Turner as a well-crafted sergeant of the future, Bain has worked her way up the ranks quickly and has found herself on the murder squad after just three years in the job. The team appear to work well with her, especially Dumfries, who quite often assigns her to clean-up after Stone.
DI Adrian Dumfries serves as the male counterpart of Alembic and her competitor. Although his race added diversity to the cast, his character portrayed a 'head boy' personality. He alternates between partnering with Alembic or competing against her for control of cases while barely disguising his disregard for Stone. Despite his grandstanding, he often contributes to the solution of the mystery. In "Happy Families", he assists Turner in shifting partial financial responsibility for an out-of-control budget onto the DCI from a competing precinct. Additionally, in "Mr. Right", he separates a violent wholesaler from his family. However, for the final two episodes, his character's case contributions diminished. At the end of episode five, he cedes Alembic the crown and steps back from competing with her for case control. In "Nothing Sacred", his character's ego was heavily featured, as it became clear that he cared less about listening to a suspect than attempting to win the 'case-solver' of the week prize offered by Turner.
DC Frank Craven is more of a "get up and let's 'ave him" kind of cop, not afraid to push himself amongst the action and get involved when he is required to. Frank is regularly partnered with Stone, and the pair seem to have a good working relationship. Craven was initially designed to feature in a minor role, assisting Stone with the mathematical equations in "The Critical Path". However, after Tim Dantay left the series, Craven's role was heavily increased, with scenes for "The Critical Path" re-filmed and the scripts for the remaining three episodes re-written to replace Simner with Craven. Craven does not appear in "Happy Families" or "Mr. Right", despite these being midway through the first series, however this was due to the episodes being broadcast out of initial production order.
DC Bruce Simner is a calm and collected individual, who has a passion for being thorough and a confidence when following the rulebook. A star in Turner's eyes, as he was handpicked for the murder squad for an unblemished record as a serving officer, and from past recommendation from his former colleagues. Simner only appears in "Happy Families" and "Mr. Right", as these were the first two episodes to be filmed, after which Dantay left the role due to personal circumstances and was replaced by Connor McIntyre. As the episodes were not broadcast in the order filmed, the opening titles where adjusted twice to accommodate Dantay's arrival and departure.
DCI Sebastian Turner is a very brash, say what you see style cop, who seems to have his mind set further on clean-up rates and budgets than actually caring whether he catches the killer or not. He quietly oversees the covert competition between his two lead inspectors, Alembic and Dumfries, although regularly shows his despise for Stone, often labeling him as Alembic's "monkey". In the second series, Turner interacts increasingly with his team and is quite often seen out in the field assisting with various investigations.
Dr. Annie Parvez is a coroner in the same department as Alembic and Stone. Although attracted to Stone, the recurring theme includes her grudge against him when he did not call her after a date. As a favour, Stone sets up Annie with fellow doctor Simon Dunne, labeling them as the 'Posh and Becks' of pathology. However, after they hit it off after the first date, Stone finds himself becoming increasingly jealous, a fact which Annie is clearly aware of and plays upon to her advantage. Annie deals more with the physical side of pathology, performing post mortems and collecting evidence for the labs to test. In the second series, her role within the team is expanded by using her as a criminal profiler.
Dr. Simon Dunne is a forensic pathologist in the same department as Annie. Simon works more in the computing side of pathology, analyzing evidence and collating it to create patterns to identify a suspect or suspects. Simon finds himself attracted to Annie, and after a little help from Stone, manages to hit it off with her after taking her on a date. Stone and Simon begin to form a bond, and Simon regularly fast-tracks evidence and results in order to aid Stone's investigations and put him in Turner's good books.

</doc>
<doc id="6999364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999364" title="Xref">
Xref



</doc>
<doc id="6999369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999369" title="Deiwos">
Deiwos



</doc>
<doc id="6999374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999374" title="Píla, Žarnovica District">
Píla, Žarnovica District

Píla (1920–1927: ; or ; , until 1890: ) is a village and municipality in the Žarnovica District, Banská Bystrica Region in Slovakia. The village belonged to a German language island. The German population was expelled in 1945. 

</doc>
<doc id="6999377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999377" title="Drexel University College of Nursing and Health Professions">
Drexel University College of Nursing and Health Professions

The College of Nursing and Health Professions (CNHP), is a college of Drexel University. The college offers six undergraduate degree programs and seven graduate degree programs.
Additionally the college offers continuing education classes for those in the nursing or health professional field and also offers Bachelor and Master's online degree programs in nursing and Online Certificate programs in other areas.

</doc>
<doc id="6999378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999378" title="Old Church Slavic language">
Old Church Slavic language



</doc>
<doc id="6999380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999380" title="WLRB (FM)">
WLRB (FM)

WLRB (102.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station located in the Atlantic City area on 102.7 FM. The station serves Atlantic, Cape May, Cumberland and Southern Ocean Counties in New Jersey. The transmitter is located on the roof of the Ocean Club Condominium Complex in Atlantic City.
History.
Early years.
The station began broadcasting on June 28, 1991 as WSKR with a locally produced sports format. "Score 102–7" eventually simulcasted Philadelphia's sports WIP(AM) from 6AM to 6PM weekdays.
The station changed its call letters to WJSE in November 1994, broadcasting various versions of a rock format. From November 1999 until December 16, 2005, WJSE was the South Jersey home of the syndicated Howard Stern Show. On January 8, 2006, the Scotty and Alex Show replaced Stern after he moved his radio show to Sirius Satellite Radio and in February 2007, the syndicated Mancow Show replaced Scotty and Alex after the duo moved their show over to Free FM formatted WYSP in Philadelphia.
On December 16, 2005 (the last day of Howard Stern's terrestrial radio show), WJSE along with many of the other soon to be former Stern affiliates including flagship station WXRK in New York City broadcast Stern's last show live over the Internet, which until then was strictly forbidden under the syndication agreement between Stern, his production company One-Twelve, Inc., his employer CBS Radio, the syndicator Westwood One and the affiliates that broadcast The Howard Stern Show.
The station was a finalist for Radio and Records magazine's 2007 Industry Achievement Award for best Alternative Station for markets 100 and up. Other finalists include WKZQ-FM, KQXR, WBTZ, KXNA, and WSFM.
By 2006, WJSE shifted from alternative rock as Digital 102.7 to active rock as 102.7 The Ace. In late July 2008, it became 102.7 JSE Rocks. The active rock format shifted to alternative rock by 2009.
Wild 102.7.
In May 2010, speculation began swirling around a format flip for WJSE. It was speculated that WJSE was to flip to a simulcast of WPTY Long Island. The rumors became reality on July 1, 2010, when it was confirmed that WJSE would indeed flip to a rhythmic top 40/dance format, and adopt the revamped moniker "Wild 102–7, Atlantic City's Party Station." It even got the new calls WWAC and a change of COL to Ocean City, all to improve signal coverage. The station was launched on July 2, 2010 at 9:55 P.M. after a 1–2 minute stunt of a patriotic marching song.
As of 2011, WWAC's playlist shifted more toward a CHR format.
AC 102.7.
On September 19, 2011, the station changed its name to AC 102.7, retaining the contemporary hit radio format.
Sale to EMF.
On June 20, 2018, Longport Media sold WWAC to the Educational Media Foundation for $570,000. The sale was consummated on July 10, 2019, at which point the station changed its call sign to WLRB. On July 11, 2019, the station went dark and returned to the air the following day, switching to the national K-Love feed.

</doc>
<doc id="6999381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999381" title="Ironclad (comics)">
Ironclad (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6999393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999393" title="Hosford-Abernethy, Portland, Oregon">
Hosford-Abernethy, Portland, Oregon

Hosford-Abernethy is a neighborhood in the inner Southeast section of Portland, Oregon. It borders Buckman and Sunnyside on the north, Richmond on the east, Brooklyn and Creston-Kenilworth on the south, and (across the Willamette River) Downtown Portland and South Portland on the west.
Hosford-Abernethy was named in the 1970s for two schools in the neighborhood, Hosford Middle School (commemorating early Portland resident and Methodist minister Chauncey Hosford) and Abernethy Elementary School (commemorating fellow Methodist minister and Provisional Governor of the Oregon Territory, George Abernethy).
The north central area of the neighborhood, with its distinctive X-shaped street pattern, is known as Ladd's Addition.
The Oregon Museum of Science and Industry is located on the riverfront of Hosford-Abernethy, at the southern end of the Vera Katz Eastbank Esplanade.

</doc>
<doc id="6999398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999398" title="NRQZ">
NRQZ



</doc>
<doc id="6999399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999399" title="Kiang Wu Hospital">
Kiang Wu Hospital

Kiang Wu Hospital (KWH; ) is a private district general hospital is located in Santo António, Macau. It is one of the three hospitals in Macau. Founded in 1871, the hospital is run by the Kiang Wu Charitable Association and offered Chinese medical services. Renowned doctor Sun Yat-Sen brought Western medicine services to the hospital. The hospital has had four different sites, the last built in 2000.
Till 2019 there was no Western-style medical school in Macau, so all indigenous intending doctors have to either qualify overseas, or qualified doctors have to be brought in from outside. Macau University of Science and Technology started a medical school in Macau in September 2019 for its MBBS program. The second batch of students started their classes on 21 September 2020. Clinical training of medical students will start from third year of medical training in the university hospital associated with the university. The medical school has been listed in the world directory of medical schools. Medium of instruction in the medical school is English. Most of the students are from Macau. The duration of MBBS course is 5 years with an additional year for internship.
The hospital is not currently engaged in international healthcare accreditation.
Staff.
, the hospital had over 340 doctors and over 800 nurses. The doctors were trained at universities in Mainland China and Taiwan, with about one-third each graduating from the School of Medicine at Jinan University and the Zhongshan School of Medicine. The nurses earned certificates in nursing at schools in Mainland China, at Macao Polytechnic University (formerly Macao Polytechnic Institute), and at Kiang Wu itself.
Kiang Wu Nursing College of Macau.
Established in 1923 as Kiang Wu Nursing School by the Kiang Wu Charitable Association and provided nursing staff for Kiang Wu Hospital. It became a degree granting college (Bachelor of Science in Nursing) in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="6999401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999401" title="Nyōbō kotoba">
Nyōbō kotoba

 was a cant that was originally used by Japanese court ladies during the Muromachi period, and subsequently spread and came to be thought of as a women's language. It consisted primarily of a special vocabulary of words for food, clothing, and other household items. Many of the created words were descriptions of the thing they were naming, whether that was a description of a characteristic, shape, color, or usage.
Many "nyōbō kotoba" words were formed by adding the prefix , which indicates politeness, or by dropping part of a word and adding .
Some "nyōbō kotoba" passed into general usage and are today part of the standard Japanese language.

</doc>
<doc id="6999407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999407" title="Nyōbōkotoba">
Nyōbōkotoba



</doc>
<doc id="6999409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999409" title="Kogar">
Kogar



</doc>
<doc id="6999410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999410" title="Nyōbō-kotoba">
Nyōbō-kotoba



</doc>
<doc id="6999413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999413" title="Shûgo Oshinari">
Shûgo Oshinari



</doc>
<doc id="6999415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999415" title="Nyobokotoba">
Nyobokotoba



</doc>
<doc id="6999419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999419" title="KVOQ (FM)">
KVOQ (FM)

KVOQ (102.3 FM) is a public radio station licensed to Greenwood Village, Colorado, and serving the Denver metropolitan area. KVOQ broadcasts an Album Adult Alternative (AAA) radio format known as "Indie 102.3" under the ownership of Colorado Public Radio. It is listener supported and airs no commercials. On-air fundraisers are conducted several times each year.
A 40-watt booster station, 102.3 KVOQ-FM3, is on the air in Boulder to help listeners there better receive the station. It is also simulcast on KNDH (96.7 FM) in Carbondale and its four dependent translators, which CPR acquired in 2021. In January 2022, Indie 102.3 began to simulcast in Colorado Springs on KEPC (89.7 FM).
Station history.
KCUV (2005=2008).
KCUV (as the station was previously known) originally began on 1510 AM, and moved to the 102.3 FM signal in 2005. It replaced the former KAGM (licensed to Strasburg, Colorado) that aired a country music format for many years. The station's city of license was moved to the Denver suburb of Greenwood Village.
KCUV featured a large and diverse playlist, including a mix of rhythm and blues, classic rock, folk music, alternative rock, modern rock, soul music and blues. The station's lineup included "KCUV's Live From Ebbets Field," a concert show featuring live, intimate performances from the best bands performing at Chuck Morris' Ebbets Field concert club in downtown Denver. KCUV also periodically had CD releases of "Live From Ebbets Field" performances in cooperation with Chuck Morris and Listen Up, with proceeds going to the Morgan Adams Foundation.
Adult hits (2008–2010).
On September 1, 2008 at 12:00 a.m., KCUV ended broadcasting and became a simulcast of sister station KJAC (licensed to Timnath), which aired the Jack FM-branded adult hits format. It was the first U.S. station to use the Jack-FM moniker and format, which had been a big success on several stations in Canada. The simulcast gave KJAC better coverage in the Denver area.
Sports (2010–2015).
In May 2010, the station was sold to Front Range Sports Network, LLC.
In the summer of 2010, after KCUV and KJAC were purchased by Moreland Properties, LLC, from NRC Broadcasting, KCUV dropped the Jack FM simulcast and began stunting. "The Denver Post" reported on July 15, 2010 that KCUV would be adopting an all-sports format under the new call sign of KDSP, which would make it the 4th sports station in the Denver market.
The format was scheduled to launch on July 26, 2010. Hosts on the proposed station included longtime KCNC and KEPN personalities Vic Lombardi and Gary Miller in an expected 7-9 AM weekday slot.
Instead, on July 26, 2010, the Denver Post reported that the sports format originally set to be heard on KDSP would make a last-minute switch to another Denver station at 87.7 FM. The following day, July 27, 2010, KDSP changed to a Spanish-language sports format using the ESPN Deportes Radio Network.
On March 31, 2011, KXDP-LP and KDSP switched formats and branding, with KXDP-LP becoming the ESPN Deportes affiliate and KDSP becoming 102.3 The Ticket. On January 1, 2012, KDSP became an ESPN Radio affiliate.
Adult alternative (2015–present).
On January 5, 2015, Colorado Public Radio acquired KDSP. On January 27, CPR converted the station to non-commercial status as a simulcast of AM sister station KVOQ's "Open Air" Adult Album Alternative format. The purchase was consummated on April 29, 2015 at a price of $5.75 million. Former sister station KJAC continued airing the ESPN Radio format until December of that year, when that station was sold to Community Radio for Northern Colorado and flipped it to a non-commercial AAA format.
CPR maintains three audio services on the air in the Denver area: KVOQ airs adult album alternative music, while KCFR-FM is a news and information station affiliated with NPR, and KVOD broadcasts classical music.
On July 1, 2019, KVOQ relaunched as "Indie 102.3".
On April 2, 2020, KVOQ began simulcasting on sister station 1490 AM/98.5/102.1 FM KXRE in Colorado Springs which now gives KVOQ's format complete coverage of the eastern side of the Rocky Mountains from north of Fort Collins in the north to south of Colorado Springs in the south.
In June 2020, KVOQ began simulcasting on newly-acquired sister station 88.5 FM KVQI in Vail. The station was previously owned by Rocky Mountain Public Media as KVJZ simulcasting KUVO.

</doc>
<doc id="6999422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999422" title="Nyobo kotoba">
Nyobo kotoba



</doc>
<doc id="6999425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999425" title="Oshinari Shûgo">
Oshinari Shûgo



</doc>
<doc id="6999428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999428" title="Nyobo-kotoba">
Nyobo-kotoba



</doc>
<doc id="6999432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999432" title="The prince and the pauper">
The prince and the pauper



</doc>
<doc id="6999434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999434" title="Lake Patricia National Wildlife Refuge">
Lake Patricia National Wildlife Refuge

Lake Patricia National Wildlife Refuge is an National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. The refuge is an Easement refuge that is entirely on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Lake Patricia NWR from offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="6999442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999442" title="Iowa Highway 1">
Iowa Highway 1

Iowa Highway 1 (Iowa 1) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Iowa that extends from Keosauqua to Anamosa. It travels nearly , mainly through rich farmland and small communities. Iowa 1 provides an important link to Iowa City and the University of Iowa as it passes through campus. Portions of the route today date back to the late 1830s, when Martin Van Buren was president, making Iowa 1 one of the oldest routes in the state, pre-dating the current primary highway system by nearly eighty years. The highway was seriously damaged by the Cedar River in the Iowa flood of 2008, which closed the highway for seven weeks.
Route description.
Iowa 1 begins at a T-intersection with Iowa 2 in rural Van Buren County, south of Keosauqua. It passes through gently rolling farmland for before entering the Des Moines River valley adjacent to Lacey-Keosauqua State Park. The highway crosses the Des Moines River and enters Keosauqua along Main Street. At Broad Street, Iowa 1 turned north and headed out of town. Between Keosauqua and the southern junction with Iowa 16, the highway runs parallel to the Des Moines River, the river's course bends sharply around Keosauqua. South of Birmingham, Iowa 1 briefly overlaps Iowa 16 for . The next run due north passing through Birmingham, before the highway crosses Cedar Creek south of Fairfield.
On the south side of Fairfield, the highway meets the new U.S. Highway 34 (US 34) / Iowa 163 bypass at a partial cloverleaf interchange. Iowa 1 enters Fairfield along Main Street. For one block, Iowa 1 overlaps US 34 Business on Burlington Street before turning onto Second Street. Along Second Street, the highway passes under a BNSF Railway / Amtrak viaduct. North of the viaduct, Iowa 1 turns west for two blocks along Merrill Avenue and turns north again onto Fourth Street. On the northern edge of Fairfield, the highway passes next to Maharishi International University.
North of Fairfield, Iowa 1 passes the Fairfield Municipal Airport and Maharishi Vedic City. For the next , the highway continues due north through Jefferson and Keokuk County. Southeast of Richland, Iowa 1 meets Iowa 78 at a T-intersection. Heading east from this intersection, Iowa 1 and Iowa 78 overlap for until entering Brighton on Fountain Street. Iowa 1 splits off to the north onto Benton Street while Iowa 78 turns to the south and east. North of Brighton, it crosses the Skunk River and passes through the river's valley. For , Iowa 1 passes through southern Washington County heading northeast towards Washington.
At Washington, Iowa 1 intersects Iowa 92 on the southwestern edge of town. The two highways curve around to the north and split later. Iowa 1 passes through flat farmland before crossing the English River south of Kalona. Iowa 1 skirts the western edge of Kalona and intersects Iowa Highway 22. It continues north for before turning northeast for more towards Iowa City.
Iowa 1 intersects US 218 and Iowa 27, the Avenue of the Saints, at a diamond interchange on the southwestern edge of Iowa City. It curves to the north of Iowa City Municipal Airport, intersecting US 6 at Riverside Drive. For , Iowa 1 overlaps US 6 on Riverside Drive before crossing the Iowa River in downtown Iowa City. On Burlington Street, Iowa 1 passes the University of Iowa library, the old state capitol, and the Ped Mall. Iowa 1 turns north onto the one-way Governor Street; Dodge Street handles the accompanying southbound lanes of traffic. The one-way streets rejoin as Dodge Street before intersecting Interstate 80 (I-80) at another diamond interchange.
Iowa 1 continues north through Johnson County for , passing through Solon. At Solon, it intersects County Road F16, which provides access to Lake MacBride State Park. southwest of Mount Vernon, Iowa 1 turns to the northeast, entering Linn County and crossing the Cedar River before entering Mount Vernon, where it intersects US 30. At First Street, Iowa 1 crosses the Lincoln Highway. On the northern edge of Mount Vernon, Iowa 1 crosses a major Union Pacific Railroad line. Iowa 1 continues north towards Martelle, where it enters Jones County. northeast of Martelle, Iowa 1 ends at a partial cloverleaf interchange with US 151.
History.
The current Iowa 1 was designated in the 1926 Iowa highway renumbering, extending from Iowa 3 near Keosauqua to US 32 in Iowa City as a renumbering of a portion of Primary Road No. 11. Iowa 3 was renumbered Iowa 2 in 1941 to match Nebraska's highway. In 1930, it extended east to Iowa 38 in Rochester, replacing Iowa 139. In 1962, Iowa 1 was realigned north of Iowa City replacing Iowa 261 from Anamosa to Iowa City. This section approximately follows part of the route of the territorial and military road from Dubuque to Iowa City. This road, authorized by President Martin Van Buren in 1839, was known as Dillon's Furrow, named after Dubuque merchant Lyman Dillon who surveyed the route and marked it with a furrow. Most of the deviations of the route of Iowa 1 from Dillon's original route are the result of road straightening or bypasses around town centers. The leftover section of Iowa 1 from Iowa City to Iowa 38, part of the Herbert Hoover Highway, became the unsigned Iowa 979.
In 1997, it was announced that parts of US 151 and Iowa 1 would become the first Super two highways in Iowa. A section between Washington and US 30 was to be improved in 2002, but because of funding shortages, the project was scratched.
In the Iowa flood of 2008, flood waters of the Cedar River caused the closure of Iowa 1 between Solon and Mount Vernon on June 12, 2008. Once the floods receded, major damage was left behind. Repair work began on July 11 and was completed by July 30, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6999443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999443" title="Lord Casey">
Lord Casey



</doc>
<doc id="6999462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999462" title="Haemophiliacs">
Haemophiliacs



</doc>
<doc id="6999465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999465" title="Haemophiliac">
Haemophiliac



</doc>
<doc id="6999469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999469" title="Vapor (Marvel Comics)">
Vapor (Marvel Comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6999473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999473" title="Public transportation in San Diego, California">
Public transportation in San Diego, California



</doc>
<doc id="6999487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999487" title="Seventh-day Adventist eschatology">
Seventh-day Adventist eschatology

The Seventh-day Adventist Church holds a unique system of eschatological (or end-times) beliefs. Adventist eschatology, which is based on a historicist interpretation of prophecy, is characterised principally by the premillennial Second Coming of Christ. Traditionally, the church has taught that the Second Coming will be preceded by a global crisis with the Sabbath as a central issue. At Jesus' return, the righteous will be taken to heaven for one thousand years. After the millennium the unsaved cease to exist as they will be punished by annihilation while the saved will live on a recreated Earth for eternity.
The foremost sources are the biblical books of Daniel and Revelation. Jesus' statements in Matthew 24 for instance, as well as multiple other Bible verses are also used. The classic Adventist commentary on the end-times was Uriah Smith's "Daniel and the Revelation". The writings of Ellen G. White have also been highly influential, particularly the last part of her book "The Great Controversy". "Prophecy seminars", developed since the mid-20th century, have been a key popular source.
Basis.
Fundamental beliefs.
The eschatological teachings of the Seventh-day Adventist Church are summarized in the final five of the denomination's 28 fundamental beliefs:
According to a 1985 survey, 29% of North American Adventist lecturers nominated eschatology as the area of greatest contribution by Adventists to then-current theology. This ranked second only to wholism.
Biblical basis and perspectives.
Seventh-day Adventism derives its eschatological teachings in large part from its interpretation of the apocalyptic Bible books of Daniel and Revelation, as well as Jesus' end-times sermon found in Matthew 24, Mark 13, and Luke 21. Mainstream Adventism interprets biblical prophecies using the historicist method, which utilises the day-year principle; some of the prophecies of Revelation are yet to be fulfilled.
A 2004 official statement remarks: Adventists' "sense of identity and calling grows from an understanding of Bible prophecies, especially those concerning the time immediately preceding the return of Jesus."
Hermeneutics.
Adventists believe the Christian church is the historical continuation of the Old Testament Israel as God's people, centered around Jesus, and that Old Testament end-time prophecies about Israel will be fulfilled more broadly. (This stands in contrast to dispensationalism, a popular conservative Christian view, which sees a prominent place for the nation of Israel in the end-times). Adventist hermeneutics categorically rejects preterism, futurism and idealism as proper hermeneutical systems of interpretation of Bible prophecy.
Ellen White and SDA pioneers.
The writings of Ellen G. White have been highly influential in the formation of Seventh-day Adventist eschatology, particularly the final chapters of her book "The Great Controversy".
The classic interpretation was Uriah Smith's book, known by its abbreviated title as "Daniel and the Revelation". It was affirmed by Ellen White, "and had an unrivaled influence on [Adventist] prophetic teaching." It was based on his earlier works "Thoughts, Critical and Practical, on the Book of Revelation" (1867), and "Thoughts, Critical and Practical, on the Book of Daniel" (1873). The book was revised several times during Smith's life and afterwards. The "Seventh-day Adventist Encyclopedia" states, "Although a creative writer, he also borrowed from contemporary and early expositors for his materials, especially in his interpretations of prophecy."
Historicist interpretation of prophecy.
Prophecies of Daniel.
Adventists teach that Historicism (including the day-year principle) is the correct viewpoint in interpretation, as well as the traditional belief of the almost all Protestant Reformers. Historicism as a method of interpreting prophecy has been challenged by some interpreters.
Image of Daniel 2.
The background to Adventist eschatology is found in the book of Daniel, which has strong thematic and literary links to Revelation. A key passage is the interpretation of king Nebuchadnezzar's vision of a statue in Daniel 2. The sequence of world kingdoms is interpreted by Adventists as representing in turn Babylonia, Medo-Persia, Greece, and Rome (pagan Rome and later papal Rome). The feet of iron and clay in the vision are understood to represent the nations of Europe subsequent to the breakup of the Roman empire. The Seventh-day Adventists follow the Historicist interpretation of the statue.
This interpretation is not unique to Adventists and was held by multiple expositors in the 18th and 19th centuries.
Since iron and clay are materials that cannot form a durable structure, Adventist scholars interpret this as the multiple short-lived attempts throughout European history to form an empire such as the Holy Roman Empire, Napoleonic France, Nazi Germany, The European Union.
Chapter 7 - The 4 beasts and Judgement.
Paraphrase of the prophecy of Daniel 7 by arranging prophecy phrases parallel to given interpretation.
This survey section consists of paraphrases and quotations of the significant texts.
During the reign of Belshazzar, the last king of Babylon, Daniel experiences a dream or vision. It has been fifty years since the vision of chapter 2.
Eschatological events.
In traditional mainstream Adventist teaching, the end times consists of four distinct episodes:
Events prior to 1844.
The Roman Empire was a world power active during the ministry of Jesus. Adventists believe the destruction of Jerusalem in AD 70 was a partial fulfillment of Jesus' end-times discourse in Matthew 24.
The empire continued several centuries into the Christian era, when it was ultimately replaced by the papacy. The papacy is identified with the "man of sin" of 2 Thessalonians, the "Antichrist" of 1 John and the "little horn" of Daniel chapters 7 and 8. It is believed that the Roman Catholic religion grew into a corruption of original, authentic Christianity. Among other things, it is considered to have changed the church's day of worship from Saturday to Sunday.
The "1,260 days", "42 months" or "time, times and dividing of time" of apocalyptic prophecy are equated, and are interpreted as 1260 years, based on the day-year principle. This has traditionally been held to be the period AD 538 to 1798, as the era of papal supremacy and oppression as prophesied in Revelation 12:6, 14–16. This period began with the defeat of the Ostrogoths by the Roman General Belisarius. In Adventist belief, this was the last of three Germanic tribes (including also the Heruli and the Vandals) to be defeated by Rome (see , and other passages). The period ended with the successes of Napoleon of France; specifically, the capture of Pope Pius VI by General Louis Alexandre Berthier in 1798, which was a blow to the papacy. This capture of the pope by the French army was understood as the "deadly wound" of . Today a number of Adventist scholars believe the end-points cannot be given precisely, because the history was more of a gradual rise and fall; however the mainstream view does support a period of 1260 years. A minority view by Samuele Bacchiocchi is that the rise to "supremacy" and the "downfall" of the papacy are events spanning a larger time, and cannot be pinned to such points in time.
After the end of the 1260 days, and prior to 1844, several significant events took place. In 1755 a massive earthquake hit Lisbon. On May 19, 1780, northeastern America experienced a day of extraordinary darkness followed by a blood-red moon that night. On November 13, 1833, a spectacular Leonids meteor shower occurred. These three events were thought to be a fulfillment of , paving the way for the final events of history.
Three Angels' Messages.
During the 1830s and 1840s the Millerite movement proclaimed the soon return of Jesus. Adventists have traditionally interpreted this as the initial proclamation of the three angels' messages.
The Investigative judgment.
The investigative judgment commenced in 1844 "at the end of the prophetic period of 2300 days". During this time, Jesus Christ is believed to be ministering in the Most Holy Place of the heavenly sanctuary, "blotting out" the sins of all who are found to truly believe in him. Meanwhile, on earth, the remnant church proclaims the "three angels' messages" of Revelation 14; it "announces the arrival of the judgment hour, proclaims salvation through Christ, and heralds the approach of His second advent." As a result, there is "a work of repentance and reform on earth."
The completion of the investigative judgment marks the "close of probation". In Adventist teaching, this is a crucial moment when sinners will no longer be able to repent and be forgiven, because Christ will have ceased his intercessory ministry.
The time of trouble.
Following the close of probation will be a "time of trouble," a brief but intense period of time immediately preceding the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. Adventists believe the Roman Catholic Church will return to prominence during the end times, fulfilling the prophecy of the first beast of Revelation 13 (the leopard-like beast from the sea) whose "deadly wound" (i.e. the deposal of the Pope in 1798) will be healed. The United States of America, meanwhile, will establish ties with the Papacy, in fulfilment of the second beast of Revelation 13 (the lamb-like beast from the earth). Some of the more liberal Adventists do not share these convictions about the Roman Catholic Church, or are more cautious. (J. N. Andrews was the first Adventist to identify America in prophecy, in 1851).
Ultimately, the Protestant churches of America will join the confederation between the beasts, forming the "image to the beast" (). At this time, a conflict will ensue that will "involve the whole world," and in which "the central issue will be obedience to God's law and the observance of the Sabbath." Religious and civil authorities will combine to enact a "Sunday law" which requires all people to observe Sunday as a sacred day. The "Sunday law" is interpreted as the meaning of the "mark of the beast" described in .
In contrast to those who choose to obey the "Sunday law," and therefore receive the "mark of the beast," people who observe the seventh-day Sabbath will receive the "Seal of God" (mentioned in ff.). Sabbath keepers will experience fierce persecution from world governments, which will include economic coercion and ultimately the death penalty.
Despite being almost overwhelmed by persecution, the people of God will be delivered by the second coming of Jesus Christ, when he returns to earth in glory.
The "time of trouble" has also been known as the "Time of Jacob's Trouble," described as "a brief period of extreme tribulation" just before the Second Coming, and after the close of probation. It is contemporaneous with the seven last plagues. The term comes from , and is based on the narrative of Jacob's wrestling with God in , and Jeremiah's description of Israel's captivity in Babylonia prior to the predicted liberation in verses 3, 7–9, 11.
Recent arguments claim an allusion from Revelation 14:7 in the three angels' messages to Exodus 20:11 in the fourth of the Ten Commandments. Thus in the end time, the battle over worship will include the Sabbath.
The Second Coming.
Seventh-day Adventists believe the Second Coming of Jesus will be literal, personal, sudden and universally visible. The second coming coincides with the resurrection and translation of the righteous, as described in 1 Thessalonians 4:16. (See fundamental belief number 25.)
Adventists reject an intermediate state between death and resurrection, and hold that the soul sleeps until the resurrection of the body at Christ's coming. They also reject the doctrine of the pretribulational rapture. The Seventh-day Adventist Church holds neither the traditional view of the premillennial nor any of the postmillennial schools of end-time belief. Both of these schools believe that Christ will literally and physically be on the earth at his second coming. In contrast to this, Adventism teaches that the righteous will rise up and meet Christ in the air at His second coming and are taken with Him to Heaven.
The Millennium.
The Second Coming of Jesus Christ marks the beginning of the Millennium, according to Adventist teaching. At the second coming, the righteous dead will be resurrected (the "first resurrection", Revelation 20:5), and both they and the righteous living will be taken to heaven to reign with Christ for 1000 years. The rest of mankind (the wicked, or unrighteous) will be killed at the second coming, leaving the earth devoid of human life.
During the millennium, Satan and his angels will occupy the desolate earth; this is how Adventists interpret the "binding" of Satan described in chapter 20 of the Book of Revelation. The millennium will be the time when the wicked will be judged. Satan and his angels will be loosed at the end of the millennium when the wicked, or unrighteous are brought back to life to face judgement.
The destruction of sinners and new earth.
At the close of the Millennium, Adventists believe that Christ will again return to earth together with the righteous and the "Holy City" (the New Jerusalem, Revelation 21:10) to implement His judgment on the wicked. He will then raise the wicked (the "second resurrection"), who will surround the New Jerusalem along with Satan. At this point Satan, his angels, and wicked humanity will suffer annihilation in the Lake of Fire ("the second death", Revelation 20:8). Adventists disagree with the traditional doctrine of hell as a place of conscious eternal punishment.
Finally, God will create a new earth where the redeemed will enjoy eternal life free of sin and suffering.
Additional interpretations.
Ellen White's book (The Great Controversy) has been a frequent evangelistic handout. While much of it presents Christian and Adventist church history, the later chapters describe end-time events. Her views expressed in the book represent the mainstream opinion in Adventism. Some alternative views about eschatology have been proposed by individuals and groups in the Adventist church.
Critics have written on issues regarding the book The Great Controversy. One critic has stated
"There can be little doubt that the Roman church courted
much of the antagonism it received." [...]
"incredibly arrogant
and contemptuous of democratic principles" in the U.S.
"The Roman Catholic Church of those days was a
contemptuous and contemptible organization, rightly perceived
as a threat to the nation and the world."
"But those days are over. The world has changed. The
United States has changed. And even the Roman Catholic
church has changed, in the second half of our century, having
reconciled itself with progress, liberalism and modern civilization.
It is no longer the Bible-suppressing, science-resisting,
liberty-opposing, Protestant-hating, culture-ignoring, Latin-mumbling,
obscurantism-loving ecclesiastical organization of
former years, intent on ruling the world from Rome. Vatican
Council II transformed all that."
However Ellen White stated...
Opinions vary in regards to this topic.
Prophetic interpretation of Revelation.
Traditionally, Adventists interpret the letters to the seven churches of Asia in Revelation 2 and 3 as fulfilled in consecutive periods of church history.
According to mainstream Adventist thought, prophecies usually have only a single fulfillment. For instance Gerhard Hasel argued apocalyptic prophecy has only "one fulfillment for each symbol." "General" or "classical" prophecy may have dual or multiple fulfillments only if Scripture itself points to this, for instance with the virgin birth (Isaiah 7:14 / Matthew 1:22–23), and the latter rain (Joel 2 / Acts 2). In contrast, a minority have argued for multiple fulfillments of other prophecies. Some Progressive Adventists advocate multiple diverse possible fulfillments of prophecy, and some try to include Antiochus IV Epiphanes, the Seleucid king who conquered Israel, as a preliminary fulfillment. Most Adventists disagree with this.
The themes of Revelation are heavily grounded in the Old Testament, so Adventist scholarship first looks to this background before attempting interpretation. The context and overall literary structure are important for interpretation. For instance Revelation is not always chronological (e.g. Jesus' death in Revelation 12:10,11 cannot follow 11:15 where He reigns; and Babylon's activities in chapter 17 cannot follow its destruction in chapter 16), but multiple visions are parallel, and progressively illuminate themes. In addition to parallels, there are contrasts such as the Lamb and the beast; and the seal of God and the mark of the beast. Revelation shows a typological connection between ancient Israel's history, and church history.
Cosmic signs.
Great cosmic signs have traditionally been interpreted as the fulfillment of Bible prophecy and signs of the nearing Second Coming, such as the 1755 Lisbon earthquake in Portugal, New England's Dark Day of 1780, and a spectacular meteor shower in 1833. This is based on the sixth seal (Revelation 6:12–17) of the "seven seals", and Jesus' end-times sermon in Matthew 24:29 and Mark 13:24–25 (see also Luke 21). Adventists had argued the Dark Day was a supernatural sign. Critics claim that it occurred from natural causes due to forest fires. The interpretations are still commonly held by Adventist, although some have challenged the interpretations.
Some state there were bigger earthquakes before Lisbon. Still, they remain highly significant events in history. They believe people were led to God, and these are preliminary signs, but not the ultimate cosmic signs bring in the Second Coming.
Many believe their occurrence towards the end of papal supremacy (1798) is significant, and that the order of events matches the biblical prediction. Some believe the context of Jesus' end-times sermon indicates the period stretches from the destruction of Jerusalem (AD 70) to the seven last plagues prior to the Second Coming. Jon Paulien claims they are signs of the age, not signs of the end; they do instruct us to keep watch. The events are the "day of the Lord" foretold in Old Testament prophecy.
Spiritualism.
Ellen White was critical of spiritualism (which she believed to be communication with evil spirits). Multiple Adventists see the spreading social acceptance of the belief in evil spirits and their powers such as in witchcraft, the occult, as evidenced in the prominent films, books, and society along with the spread of Spiritual Formation in modern-day churches, and the acceptance of communicating with spirits in modern-day churches in Montanism style movements which have emerged from the late 19th century as an indication of the fulfillment of the prediction.
World empires.
The traditional teaching is that Rome was the last world empire prophesied in Daniel 2 and 7, which divides up into the nations of Europe. On the other hand, one historian claimed several subsequent empires which have been larger, including the Byzantine, Arab and Ottoman empires.
Adventists predicted that in WWII, Hitler's forces would not conquer Europe, based on Daniel 2:43 which states the toes of the statue [interpreted as the nations of Europe] would not remain united.
Ottoman Empire.
In 1838, Millerite preacher Josiah Litch had predicted the fall of the Ottoman Empire in August 1840, based on Revelation 9. This was regarded as being fulfilled on August 11, 1840, when Turkey responded to an ultimatum by European powers, which affirmed the Millerites' beliefs. [Note: this occurred during the Millerite movement before the start of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, of which Litch did not become a member].
New World Order.
Eschatological expectations have prompted some Adventists to closely observe current geopolitical events, in a manner similar to a number of Christian futurists and dispensationalists. Illinois pastor A. Jan Marcussen has predicted the imminent rise of a global church-state alliance with the Papacy and U.S. Government as key players, along with other bodies such as the United Nations and the International Monetary Fund. The resulting New World Order would precipitate the final events of history: the "sealing" of Sabbath-keepers, a universal Sunday-law, the seven last plagues and Armageddon.
"Not only does the Bible not predict one world government before the kingdom of God; it denies it. 
"Just as you saw that the feet and toes were partly of baked clay and partly of iron, so this will be a divided kingdom" (Daniel 2:41).
The Bible does however warn of "an alliance between church and state (see Revelation 17:3ff)."
"The prophecy of Revelation 13 declares that the power represented by the beast with lamblike horns shall cause "the earth and them which dwell therein" to worship the papacy—there symbolised by the beast "like unto a leopard." 
The beast with two horns is also to say "to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast;" and, furthermore, it is to command all, "both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond," to receive the mark of the beast. Revelation 13:11-16. It has been shown that the United States is the power represented by the beast with lamblike horns, and that this prophecy will be fulfilled when the United States shall enforce Sunday observance, which Rome claims as the special acknowledgement of her supremacy. But in this homage to the papacy the United States will not be alone. The influence of Rome in the countries that once acknowledged her dominion is still far from being destroyed. And prophecy foretells a restoration of her power. "I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast." Verse 3. The infliction of the deadly wound points to the downfall of the papacy in 1798. After this, says the prophet, "his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast." Paul states plainly that the "man of sin" will continue until the second advent. 2 Thessalonians 2:3-8. To the very close of time he will carry forward the work of deception. And the revelator declares, also referring to the papacy: "All that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life." Revelation 13:8. The papacy will receive homage in the honour paid to the Sunday institution, that rests solely upon the authority of the Roman Church."
Antichrist.
For the mainstream view, see "Day of the Dragon" by Clifford Goldstein.
Seventh-day Adventists teach that the office of the papacy is the Antichrist, a belief so widely held by Protestants that it became known as the "Protestant view" of prophetic interpretation. In 1798, the French General Berthier exiled the Pope and took away all his authority, which was later restored in 1929. This is taken as a fulfillment of the prophecy that the Beast of Revelation would receive a deadly wound but that the wound would be healed. Adventists have attributed the wounding and resurgence in to the papacy, referring to General Louis Berthier's capture of Pope Pius VI in 1798 and the pope's subsequent death in 1799.
A minority view by Samuele Bacchiocchi has suggested expanding the Antichrist concept to include also Islam. However the majority Adventist view today disagrees and holds to the traditional Adventist view of the papacy as the Antichrist.
Roman Catholicism.
Modern "mainstream" Adventist literature continues to express the traditional Adventist teaching that Roman Catholicism, in coalition with other churches, will perpetrate religious oppression during a final end-time crisis, and that the Sabbath will be a key issue.
666: Vicarius Filii Dei.
Revelation 13: VERSE 18. “Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast; for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six." Some Adventists have interpreted the number of the beast, 666, as corresponding to the title Vicarius Filii Dei of the Pope. In 1866, Uriah Smith became the first to propose this interpretation to the Seventh-day Adventist Church. See "Review and Herald" 28:196, November 20, 1866. In "The United States in the Light of Prophecy", he wrote,
Prominent Adventist scholar J. N. Andrews also adopted this view. Uriah Smith maintained his interpretation in the various editions of "Thoughts on Daniel and the Revelation", which was influential in the church. The "Seventh-day Adventist Bible Commentary" states, "Whether the inscription Vicarius Filii Dei appears on the tiara or the mitre is really beside the point. The title is admittedly applied to the pope, and that is sufficient for the purposes of prophecy. Various documents from the Vatican contain wording such as "Adorandi Dei Filii Vicarius, et Procurator quibus numen aeternum summam Ecclesiae sanctae dedit", which translates as is "As the worshipful Son of God's Vicar and Caretaker, to whom the eternal divine will has given the highest rank of the holy Church".
Samuele Bacchiocchi an Adventist scholar, and only Adventist to be awarded a gold medal by Pope Paul VI for the distinction of "summa cum laude" (Latin for "with highest praise"). has documented the pope using such a title.
The "Adult Sabbath School Lesson" for April–June 2002, principally authored by Ángel Rodríguez, cast doubt on the early interpretation, instead advocating a symbolic interpretation of "intensified rebellion, six used three times, and total independence from God". see "Adult Sabbath School Lesson" for April–June 2002. See lesson 10 (June 1–7), "The Dragon Versus the Remnant Part 2"; particularly the studies for Thursday and Friday. The quarterly topic was "Great Apocalyptic Prophecies".
Sunday law.
Traditionally, Adventists teach that right at the end times the message of the Ten Commandments and in particular the keeping of the seventh day of the week, Saturday, as Sabbath will be conveyed to the whole world and there will be a reaction from those who hold to Sunday as the day of worship. Adventists have taught that a persecuting "Sunday law" will be enacted at some stage in the future, as part of the final events of earth's history before Jesus returns, as stated in significant publications such as "Questions on Doctrine" (1957), "Seventh-day Adventists Believe…" (1988), and Ellen White's classic "The Great Controversy". Jon Paulien has argued for a parallel between Revelation 14 and the fourth of the Ten Commandments (the Sabbath), in Exodus 20. He hence argues the Bible features Sabbath in the end-times.
Some progressive Adventists, including a few scholars, disagree with specific traditional views about the "time of trouble.".
Armageddon.
Adventists believe in a future final battle prior to Jesus' return.
This battle is termed "Armageddon" in Revelation 16:16, a term which occurs only once in the Bible. It derives from the Hebrew for "Mountain of Megiddo", and occurs only in Revelation 16:16 in the Bible. Modern Adventist scholarship believes it refers not to a physical battle in the Middle East, but is a metaphor for a spiritual battle. There is no mountain called "Megiddo", but the city Megiddo, now ruined, lies in the Jezreel Valley, at the foot of Mount Carmel which was the site of Elijah's conflict with the prophets of Baal (1 Kings 18). Based in this imagery, Armageddon is understood as a worldwide 'spiritual' battle – a battle for the mind. Paulien believes it is not literal fire, and not literally on Carmel, but likely false prophets and false Christs performing miracles in the world (Matthew 24:24). The Euphrates river is equated with the "many waters" the prostitutes sits on, which the Bible identifies as peoples, multitudes, nations, and languages. Thus the drying of the river is the removal of the political powers supporting Babylon. (Earlier, Uriah Smith viewed the drying of the Euphrates river (Revelation 16:12) as the shrinking of Turkey, the nation occupying most of the river; however today this is Iraq. He saw Armageddon as a literal battle at Megiddo in Israel due to its strategic military location, and the three unclean spirits as spiritism.)
Sources.
Prophecy Seminars.
A "prophecy seminar" is a common form of outreach used by Adventist ministers, in which Bible prophecies such as those in the books of Daniel and Revelation are presented.
In 1969 George Knowles developed a small group seminar. He joined "It Is Written", and together with George Vandeman prepared a day-long seminar, which developed into the "It Is Written Revelation Seminar" by 1975. Soon others ran their own seminars. A resource center founded in Texas in 1980 was named Seminars Unlimited in 1986, and by the 1990s was distributing evangelistic materials to Adventists worldwide.
Some currently used seminars are:
The seminar "Revelation: Hope, Meaning, Purpose" was written primarily by Jon Paulien and Graeme Bradford, and "published under the guidance of the Biblical Research Committee of the South Pacific Division [...]" in 2010. It consists of 24 sessions, available as printed booklets and also on 12 DVDs.
Daniel and Revelation Committee Series.
The Daniel and Revelation Committee Series (DARCOM) is one of the foremost Adventist sources, and consists of the following volumes:
Evangelists.
Adventist evangelists such as Mark Finley, Doug Batchelor, Dwight Nelson, John Carter, John Bradshaw, and Joey Suarez form a major popular face of the church, through their ministries at a local level and/or their appearances in public and on Adventist television networks such as 3ABN, It Is Written, and the Hope Channel. 3ABN founder Danny Shelton is comparable.
Comparison to other Christian views.
The Seventh-day Adventist Church fits into the premillennial school of end-time belief, although it is taught that the millennial reign of Christ takes place in heaven instead of on Earth. There are several unique aspects of the denomination's teaching, such as the investigative judgment and the idea of a "Sunday law", which are shared by no other Christian denomination.
Seventh-day Adventism's eschatological teaching may be contrasted with:
Further reading.
See also "Prophecy " books from AdventistBookCenter.com

</doc>
<doc id="6999488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999488" title="Fearless (film)">
Fearless (film)



</doc>
<doc id="6999491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999491" title="Highway 1 (Iowa)">
Highway 1 (Iowa)



</doc>
<doc id="6999494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999494" title="IA 1">
IA 1



</doc>
<doc id="6999498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999498" title="Equal Opportunity for Women in the Workplace Agency">
Equal Opportunity for Women in the Workplace Agency

The Equal Opportunity for Women in the Workplace Agency (EOWA) was an Australian government agency. It was a statutory authority located within the then existing Australian Commonwealth Department of Families, Housing, Community Services and Indigenous Affairs (FaHCSIA).
EOWA's role was to administer the Equal Opportunity for Women in the Workplace Act 1999 (Commonwealth), passed by the Parliament of Australia in November 2012, and through education, assist organisations to achieve equal opportunity for women. Outlined in Part III Section 10 of the Act, the Agency was primarily a regulatory body, annually monitoring the reporting of eligible Australian organisations on equal opportunity for women in their workplaces. The Agency also had responsibility to undertake research, educational and other programs, and more generally promote the understanding of equal opportunity for women in the workplace.
In 2012, the Equal Opportunity for Women in the Workplace Act 1999 was replaced by the Workplace Gender Equality Act 2012. The passing of the new legislation meant that the Equal Opportunity for Women in the Workplace Agency was renamed the Workplace Gender Equality Agency.
The Employer of Choice for Women (EOCFW) citation is announced annually since the 2001 inaugural list of 55 organisations. , the list had grown to 125 organisations.
Personnel.
From 1999 to 2004, Fiona Krautil was the agency's director.

</doc>
<doc id="6999499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999499" title="Vector (comics)">
Vector (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6999500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999500" title="Twinbee series">
Twinbee series



</doc>
<doc id="6999504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999504" title="Daulton Lee">
Daulton Lee



</doc>
<doc id="6999506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999506" title="Southern Crossing">
Southern Crossing

 
The Southern Crossing is a tramping track in New Zealand's Tararua Range. The track is approximately long and typically takes two to three days to complete. It begins in Ōtaki Forks in the west, and continues over Mount Hector finishing in Kaitoke north of Upper Hutt.
History.
In 1915 Alpha Hut was built followed two years later by the construction of Tauherenikau Hut. This established the first "Southern Crossing" route. Traditionally it finished in Walls Whare, near Greytown, which was a true crossing of the ranges.
Track description.
The track starts at Ōtaki forks, proceeding to Kime Hut via Field Hut. From there, the track goes to the highest point of the route, Mount Hector (1529 m), which has a wooden cross in memory of trampers who died in the Second World War. Mt Hector also affords panoramic views of the Wellington and Wairarapa regions. From here the track continues south via a number of other sub-alpine peaks on the way to Alpha hut. From Alpha hut the last leg of the track follows Marchant Ridge to Kaitoke.
The track is mostly unformed with steep, rocky or muddy sections.

</doc>
<doc id="6999509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999509" title="Garden of Heaven">
Garden of Heaven

 
Garden of Heaven () is a 2003 South Korean melodrama film directed by Lee Dong-hyeon and written by Lee Han, starring Ahn Jae-wook and Lee Eun-ju. The film marked Ahn Jae-wook's return to the big screen after 5 years, following the 1998 movie "First Kiss".
Plot.
Oh-sung, a doctor at a hospice facility, is emotionally scarred from losing his parents as a child. One night he meets Young-ju, a make-up artist who has been diagnosed with terminal stomach cancer. Despite having very little time together, the two start to develop feelings for each other.

</doc>
<doc id="6999511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999511" title="Lost Lake National Wildlife Refuge">
Lost Lake National Wildlife Refuge

Lost Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. Lost Lake NWR is an easement refuge and is on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Lost Lake NWR from offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="6999512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999512" title="Yin Ju-keng">
Yin Ju-keng

Yin Ju-keng; (; Hepburn: "In Jyokou"; 1885 - December 1, 1947) was a politician in the early Republic of China, later noted for his role as chairman in the Japanese-controlled East Hebei Autonomous Government and subsequent puppet regimes, such as the Wang Jingwei regime, during the Second Sino-Japanese War.
Biography.
Yin was a native of Pingyang County in Zhejiang province. In 1902, he was dispatched by his wealthy father to Japan, where he studied Japanese language and enrolled at the First Higher School (later absorbed by University of Tokyo), a preparatory school for Imperial Universities, in Tokyo in 1905. The following year, he enrolled in the Seventh Higher School Zoshikan (now Kagoshima University) in Kagoshima City. During his stay in Japan, he became an active member of the Tongmenghui movement to overthrown the Qing Dynasty, and also married a Japanese woman. Per the orders of Tongmenghui leader Huang Xing, he returned to China to oversee revolutionary activities in Hubei province. After the Republic of China had been established, he joined the Kuomintang. After participating in the 2nd Kuomintang party conference in 1913, he decided to return to Japan to complete his studies at Waseda University, where he majored in law. He returned to China in 1916, entering into service with the Beiyang Government, helping establish the Bank of China and playing an active role in opposing the Constitutional Protection Movement. After the Zhili–Anhui War, he fled briefly back to Japan. On his return to China, he found the country rapidly dissolving into warlordism. Yin went into the service of Fengtian clique General Guo Songling, and was assigned charge of foreign affairs. However, Guo was killed months later in a revolt against Manchurian warlord Zhang Zuolin, and Yin again sought refuge on Japanese territory.
In 1926, Yin joined Chiang Kai-shek's Northern Expedition, participating in the capture of Nanchang. He was appointed to the post of communications director for the National Revolutionary Army, and tasked with negotiations between Kuomintang forces and the Imperial Japanese Army. The following year, after the Shanghai massacre of 1927, he entered into the service of Shanghai mayor Huang Fu as chief secretary, and was again tasked with maintaining communications and relations with the Japanese. He was the chief negotiator on the Chinese side after the Jinan Incident in 1928. Later that year, he was recalled into service with the National Revolutionary Army. After the Shanghai Incident of 1932, he helped negotiate the Shanghai Ceasefire Agreement.
Yin became commissioner of the Luantung Area of the demilitarized zone created by this Agreement in Hebei Province in 1933. With the encouragement of Kwantung Army General Kenji Doihara, on November 15, 1935, Yin proclaimed the area under his administration as the East Hebei Autonomous Government, and independent of the Kuomintang government. However, in July 1937, a detachment of approximately 800 soldiers of the Chinese 29th Army under command of General Song Zheyuan and loyal to the Kuomintang (KMT) government, camped outside the walls of Yin’s capital of Tongzhou, and refused to leave despite protests from its Japanese garrison commander. Unknown to the Japanese, General Song had reached an agreement with Yin, in hope of using the Kuomintang troops to rid himself of Japanese presence in his government. The end result was a battle between the Japanese and KMT troops, mutiny of East Hebei Army troops against their Japanese overlords, and a subsequent massacre of the town's ethnic Japanese and ethnic Korean population (see Tongzhou mutiny).
Yin was captured by the Japanese Army after the mutiny's failure, but spared from execution by the Japanese through the personal intervention of Toyama Mitsuru. Allowed back to Beijing after a five-year exile in Japan, he returned to public life after the establishment of the Wang Jingwei Government, but was appointed to only a relatively minor position in Shanxi province in 1942. Appointed to the Legal Affairs Department of the Nanjing National Government from the January 1944, he remained dissatisfied with the positions he was assigned, and resigned from government. He returned to Beijing in June.
Yin was arrested by the Republic of China after the surrender of Japan and tried for treason against the Chinese people. At his trial in Nanjing he protested his arrest vehemently, stating that everything he had done had been out of patriotism for China. His case was decided by the Supreme Court, which sentenced him to death on November 8, 1947. Still protesting his innocence, Yin was executed by firing squad on December 1, 1947, at Nanjing.

</doc>
<doc id="6999518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999518" title="Design for Dreaming">
Design for Dreaming

Design for Dreaming is a 1956 industrial short or sponsored film produced to accompany the General Motors Motorama show that year. A ballet with voiceover dialogue, it features a woman (danced by Tad Tadlock and voiced by Marjorie Gordon) who dreams about a masked man (danced by Marc Breaux and sung by Joseph Lautner) taking her to the Motorama at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel and to Frigidaire's "Kitchen of the Future".
The film begins in the woman's bedroom, with the masked man suddenly appearing. He then takes her to the Motorama. After looking at several cars including Buick, Chevrolet Corvette, Oldsmobile, and Cadillacs, she is taken to the "kitchen of the future", where she bakes a cake. She then goes back to the Motorama and dances the "dance of tomorrow". After looking at more cars, she and her masked man (who unmasks himself) travel on the "road of tomorrow" in the "Firebird II."
In the late 20th century the film emerged as a cult classic, appreciated as an epitome of mid-century corporate futurism.
History.
The film was produced and directed by Victor Solow for MPO Productions, stars Tad Tadlock and Marc Breaux, and features the voice of Thurl Ravenscroft. The original music was by Sol Kaplan. It was shot in 16mm Anscocolor. GM sponsored a sequel, "A Touch of Magic", for the last Motorama in 1961.
In popular culture.
The short was included in a fifth-season episode of the television series "Mystery Science Theater 3000". In a related comedy sketch, the unnamed female lead is given the name "Nuveena, the Woman of the Future", and portrayed by Bridget Jones Nelson, who reprised the role in a handful of sketches in subsequent episodes.
The BBC documentary series "Pandora's Box" by Adam Curtis made extensive use of clips from "Design for Dreaming", especially in the title sequence.
Excerpts from this public domain film also were featured in Michael Moore's "". Part of the film, with dialogue, is played during the opening titles for "The Hills Have Eyes". Some snippets (without dialogue) are played in the video watched by Michael Douglas during his physical in "The Game" and in the opening titles for "The Stepford Wives" (2004).
Some footage was also used in the music video for Peter Gabriel's 1987 single "In Your Eyes", Rush's 1989 music video for "Superconductor", a 1989 commercial for the Nintendo Game Boy game "Super Mario Land", a 1994 commercial for Power Macintosh, and during Nine Inch Nails concert performances.

</doc>
<doc id="6999519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999519" title="Chaminade Julienne High School">
Chaminade Julienne High School

Chaminade Julienne Catholic High School is a private, co-educational, center-city, Catholic high school. It is located in downtown Dayton, in the U.S. state of Ohio, and is owned and operated by the Society of Mary and the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur. It is named after Blessed William Joseph Chaminade and St. Julie Billiart.
History.
In 1886, the Sisters of Notre Dame de Namur founded Notre Dame Academy in downtown Dayton, a private secondary school for girls. In 1927, the Sisters were forced to move to a larger facility, and Julienne High School was formed in honor of the founder of the sisterhood, St. Julie Billiart.
The Society of Mary, founded by Blessed William Joseph Chaminade, founded St. Mary's Institute in 1850, with both secondary and college level programs. St. Mary's became the University of Dayton in 1920. With the Sisters leaving the downtown Dayton site, the Marianists purchased the old Notre Dame Academy building and opened Chaminade High School, a Catholic high school for boys.
Because enrollment decreased as times changed, the two schools merged in 1973 to create Chaminade Julienne High School. CJ students come from 45 different grade schools and more than 50 zip codes.
Athletics.
Chaminade Julienne's athletic program has been very competitive in city, regional, and state contests since the school's founding. The school's mascot is the Eagle, and its colors are blue and green. The boys' teams compete in the Greater Catholic League and the girls' teams compete in the Girls' Greater Catholic League.
Chaminade Julienne High School began playing football in 1927. Gerard "Fuzzy" Faust became the head coach in 1933 and would go on to coach 21 seasons (1933-1952, 1956). Faust became the winningest coach in school history, with a record of 123-49-10. The Eagles rose to dominance in the 1940s and 1950s. Over a 20-year span (1940-1959), the "Men of Chaminade" won 16 City League championship and compiled a record of 138-38-9.
In 1966 and 1970, the basketball team, led by coach Jim Turvene, won the large school Division State Championships. Forward Dan Gerhard, 1970 team member, earned Ohio Player of the Year honors. The 1970 the baseball team, led by coach Rick Wessels, won the large school Division State Championship. Center fielder Paul Kurpiel earned Ohio Baseball Player of the Year honors&gt; The 1970 Baseball Team is the only Dayton school to win the large school division baseball State Championship.
In 1982, the Chaminade Julienne men's soccer team brought home the state championship, and the women's volleyball team became a perennial powerhouse, earning multiple district and regional titles for several years. In 1991, the men's basketball team was state runner-up. Both the cross country and track teams produced championships in 1993 and 1994, and the women's basketball team took CJ to the state tournament in 1998 for the first time in the school's history. Returning to state the next year, the women's basketball team brought home the 1999 State Division II championship title. The women's team returned to state and won the State Division II Championship again in 2003. In 2004 they were Division I State Runner-up and returned in 2005 to win the Division I State Championship.
In 2002 the football team, led by Coach Jim Place, made history by being the first team from Dayton to win the State Championship (D-II). The girls' basketball team once again captured the state championship title in 2003 and 2005. They were also recognized as the number one girls' high school basketball team by "USA Today".
In 2005, the women's tennis team made its first trip ever to the OHSAA state tournament. It placed fourth in state, and boasted three individual players also going to state and reaching the quarterfinals. The graduating class of 2005 had five students receive division I athletic scholarships. In 2006, the girls' team was back at state again, and placed third in the OHSAA tournament. In 2006, CJ sent four players to the state tournament, three of whom reached the tournament in 2005. These were two sets of sisters: the Pleiman and Buerschen sisters. In 2007, the team placed third again in the division one state championships. Four players qualified for the individual state tournament.
In 2009, the boys' volleyball team, led by coach Megan Marrinan, went to the Division II state tournament for the first time in the school's history. They lost in the semi-finals in five games. Ethan Klosterman was named first team all state and Christian Volk made honorable mention all state.
In the spring of 2011, senior track athlete Bryan Cain won an individual Division II state championship in the 300-meter hurdles event. He also finished third in the 110 meter hurdles, after breaking regional records in both events leading up to the finals.
In October 2011, the Division II women's golf team — having existed for all of five years (since 2007) — became the first Eagles golf team to win a state title since 1933, when the boys of Chaminade High School were crowned city and state champs.
In spring of 2012, senior track athlete Cierra Brown won two individual Division II state titles in the 100-meter and 300-meter hurdle events. She also finished second in the long jump.
In June 2018, the Chaminade Julienne Eagles baseball team won the OHSAA Division II state tournament. The following year (2019) Chaminade Julienne Eagles baseball team completed their quest for back to back by again taking home the OHSAA Division II state tournament championship.
Chaminade Julienne has a longstanding academic and athletic rivalry with Archbishop Alter High School and archbishop carrol High School. Both schools are dayton catholic private schools with a long history and rivalry.
Notable alumni.
Athletics
Clergy
Education
Historic Preservation
Media
Military

</doc>
<doc id="6999531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999531" title="Čelovce">
Čelovce

Čelovce may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6999532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999532" title="Scheissmessiah!">
Scheissmessiah!

Scheissmessiah is the fourth full-length release by American industrial metal band Hanzel und Gretyl. It was released on October 12, 2004, via Metropolis Records. It is a concept album that parodies Handel's "Messiah" with a satanic metal twist.
Reception.
The album received some positive reception for its heavier metal sound than the previous album, "Über Alles", with Metal.de noting that "[it is] blessed with an appropriately eardrum-massaging production." There was also negative reception, with some critics dismissing the album and band as a novelty act.

</doc>
<doc id="6999533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999533" title="Contaminated haemophilia blood products">
Contaminated haemophilia blood products

Contaminated haemophilia blood products were a serious public health problem in the late 1970s up to 1985.
Hemophilia A causes a deficiency in Factor VIII, a protein required for blood clotting. Factor VIII injections are a common treatment to prevent or stop bleeding in people with hemophilia A.
Contamination of these and other products caused large numbers of hemophiliacs to become infected with HIV and hepatitis C. The companies involved included Alpha Therapeutic Corporation, Institut Mérieux (which then became Rhone-Poulenc Rorer Inc., and is now part of Sanofi), Bayer Corporation and its Cutter Biological division, and Baxter International and its Hyland Pharmaceutical division. Estimates for HIV infections in the United States alone range from 6,000 to 10,000, with another 4,000 in France, 2,000 in Canada and 1,200 in the United Kingdom, and many more worldwide.
Initial concerns.
In 1981 concern was growing over an unidentified infectious disease associated with immune system collapse that would later become known as AIDS. In the U.S. it was found mostly in homosexual men and intravenous drug users, while in France a more diverse group of patients was affected. On July 16, 1982, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported that three hemophiliacs had acquired the disease. Epidemiologists started to believe that the disease was being spread through blood products, with grave implications for hemophiliacs who had routinely been treated with concentrate made from large pools of donated plasma, much of which was collected by commercial paid-donor plasmapheresis prior to routine HIV testing, often in U.S. cities that had large numbers of homosexuals and intravenous drug users and in some U.S. prisons and underdeveloped countries during the four or five years of the late 1970s through early 1980s before AIDS was discovered and recognized as a public health concern.
In January 1983, the manager of plasma procurement for Bayer's Cutter Biological division acknowledged in a letter that "There is strong evidence to suggest that AIDS is passed on to other people through ... plasma products." In March 1983, the CDC warned that blood products "appear responsible for AIDS among hemophilia patients." By May 1983, a Cutter rival began making a heat-treated concentrate and France decided to halt all imports of clotting factor concentrates.
Cutter feared losing customers, so according to an internal memo, Cutter "want[ed] to give the impression that [they were] continuously improving our product without telling them [they expected] soon to also have a heat-treated" concentrate. The process rendered the virus "undetectable" in the product, according to a government study.
By June 1983, a Cutter letter to distributors in France and 20 other countries said that "AIDS has become the center of irrational response in many countries" and that "This is of particular concern to us because of unsubstantiated speculations that this syndrome may be transmitted by certain blood products." 
Continued sales.
On February 29, 1984, Cutter became the last of the four major blood product companies to get US approval to sell heated concentrate. Even after Cutter began selling the new product, for several months, until August 1984, the company continued making the old medicine. One reason was that the company had several fixed-price contracts and believed that the old product would be cheaper to produce.
Bayer officials (responding on behalf of Cutter) issued a statement, stating that Cutter continued to sell the old medicine, "because some customers doubted the new drug's effectiveness", and because some countries were slow to approve its sale. The company also said that a shortage of plasma, used to make the medicine, had kept Cutter from manufacturing more of the new product." Bayer officials also claimed that an overall plasma shortage in 1985 kept Cutter from making more heat treated medicine; however, because Cutter was using some of its limited plasma to continue making the old product, they may have contributed to the shortage. While Bayer said that "procedural requirements" imposed by Taiwan slowed down their ability to sell the new product, according to "The New York Times", Hsu Chien-wen, an official at Taiwan's health department, said in 2003 that Cutter had not applied for permission to sell the heated medicine until July 1985, a year and a half after doing so in the United States. Cindy Lai, assistant director of Hong Kong's health department, said that Cutter needed only to get an import license in the 1980s to sell the newer product, and that the process would normally take one week.
While the new product was selling well, a Cutter company meeting noted that "There is excess nonheated inventory", which resulted in the company deciding to "review international markets again to determine if more of this product can be sold." Cutter decided to sell millions of dollars worth of the older medicine to Asia and Latin America while selling the new, safer product in the West, where the nonheated product was proving increasingly unmarketable.
In late 1984, when a Hong Kong distributor asked Cutter about the newer product, records show that Cutter asked the distributor to "use up stocks" of the old medicine before switching to its "safer, better" product. Several months later, once hemophiliacs in Hong Kong began testing positive for HIV, some local doctors began to question whether Cutter was dumping "AIDS tainted" medicine into less-developed countries. Cutter denied the allegation, claiming that the unheated product posed "no severe hazard" and was in fact the "same fine product we have supplied for years." By May 1985, when the Hong Kong distributor told of an impending medical emergency, asking for the newer product, Cutter replied that most of the new medicine was going to the US and Europe and there wasn't enough for Hong Kong, except for a small amount for the "most vocal patients."
The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) helped to keep the news out of the public eye. In May 1985, the FDA's regulator of blood products, Harry M. Meyer Jr., believing the companies had broken a voluntary agreement to withdraw the old medicine from the market, called together officials of the companies and ordered them to comply. Cutter's notes from the meeting indicate that Meyer asked that the issue be "quietly solved without alerting the Congress, the medical community and the public" while another company noted that the FDA wanted the matter solved "quickly and quietly."
At the same time, a Cutter official wrote that "It appears there are no longer any markets in the Far East where we can expect to sell substantial quantities of nonheat-treated [medicine]" and stopped shipping unheated concentrate in July 1985.
According to "The New York Times", doctors and patients contacted overseas said they had not known of the contents of the Cutter documents. The number of affected patients is unknown. Since many records are unavailable and because an HIV test was not available at the time, one cannot know whether foreign hemophiliacs were infected with HIV before Cutter began selling its safer medicine or afterward.
"The New York Times" found these largely unnoticed documents ("internal memorandums, minutes of company marketing meetings and telexes to foreign distributors") as part of the production in connection with the American hemophiliacs lawsuits described below. Sidney M. Wolfe, director of the Public Citizen Health Research Group, which has been investigating the industry's practices for three decades, called them "the most incriminating internal pharmaceutical industry documents I have ever seen."
On August 22, 2003, MSNBC's "Scarborough Country" had Bayer on their "Rat of the Week" segment. Speaking with Mike Papantonio, a legal advisor to the show, they discussed the 2003 "The New York Times" article referenced above, saying that the product (known by Bayer to bear the risk of contamination) was "dropped ... in Japan, Spain and France." 
, the United States Justice Department had yet to investigate any corporate executives.
Specifics by country.
The sale of contaminated blood products led to court cases in many countries.
Canada.
In Canada, by the time blood tests began in late 1985, about 2,000 people had been infected with HIV and up to 60,000 with Hepatitis C. Three suits were brought against the Canadian Red Cross by people who had received tainted blood products. In April 2001, the Supreme Court of Canada found the Canadian Red Cross guilty of negligence for failing to screen blood donors effectively for HIV infection. The Canadian Red Cross pleaded guilty to criminal charges related to distributing tainted blood products and infecting Canadians with HIV and hepatitis C. As of 2003, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police blood task force had an ongoing investigation into the Arkansas blood sells.
In July, 2006 the federal government approved a $1 billion compensation package for the so-called "forgotten victims" of tainted blood.
France.
In France, an estimated 4,000 people, many of whom were hemophiliacs, were given blood infected with HIV.
France continued using older style, untreated concentrate through August 1983.
A former Health Minister was convicted for failing to adequately screen the blood, leading to the deaths of five people from AIDS, and the infection of two others during a key period in 1985. Two other government officials that continued to use the old unheated stock in 1985, when a heated product was available, received prison sentences. Allegedly, all three politicians delayed the introduction of United States blood-screening tests in France until a rival French product was ready to be sold on the market.
Iran.
In Iran, as of 2001, the former head of Iran's blood transfusion centre, Dr. Farhadi, went on trial along with two other doctors, facing charges including negligence for importing HIV-tainted supplies from France after patients contracted HIV. The case followed complaints by families of around 170 people, many of them children, who had hemophilia or thalassaemia.
Approximately 300 Iranians were infected by the tainted blood products, according to Iran's Ministry of Health. Iran is the only country that has not received compensation from France, according to "Fars News". When the French Prime Minister Laurent Fabius visited Iran after the Iran nuclear deal there was renewed controversy and protests, partly due to the infected blood scandal.
Iraq.
In 1986, officials from Saddam Hussein's Health Ministry had determined that at least 115 Iraqi hemophiliacs had contracted AIDS from clotting agents imported from France and Austria. According to Said I. Hakki, the director of the Iraqi Red Crescent Society, 189 hemophiliacs, from 6 months to 18 years old, contracted HIV from blood products that Institut Mérieux and Immuno sold to Iraq from 1982 to 1986; undetected, the virus later spread to at least a further 50 Iraqis, through sexual intercourse, childbirth or breast-feeding.
In August 2005, the 35 or so survivors, along with the families of the ones who died, and the Iraqi Red Crescent Society sued the Health Ministry and Institut Mérieux of France and Immuno AG of Austria, two corporations who either acquired or succeeded the companies that sold tainted blood products to Iraq. Institut Mérieux is now part of Sanofi-Aventis, while Immuno AG was acquired by Baxter International in 1996.
Several of the infected hemophiliacs spoke with "The New York Times" in 2006 about life under Hussein's rule. They were forced to "sign a pledge vowing not to work, marry, attend school, use public swimming pools or barbershops, visit a doctor's office or tell anyone about their condition", punishable by death. The families' homes had warnings painted on them, telling neighbours to stay away because the house was contaminated with HIV and even uninfected siblings were not allowed to marry. As of 2006, the infected hemophiliacs receive about $35 a month in government assistance, but no HIV medication.
Ireland.
The Lindsay Tribunal was set up in Ireland in 1999 to investigate the infection of hemophiliacs with HIV and Hepatitis C from contaminated blood products supplied by the Blood Transfusion Service Board.
According to the tribunal a 'minimal figure' of 250 hemophiliacs were infected with HIV or Hepatitis C while receiving treatment from the BTSB before 1985.
Italy.
Angelo Magrini, the head of a hemophiliacs' association, said that as of 2001, 1,300 people, including almost 150 children, had died in Italy from infected blood infusions since 1985.
In June 2001, an Italian court in Rome ordered the Health Ministry to pay damages to 351 people who had contracted HIV and Hepatitis C through blood transfusions; the court said that the ministry was too slow to introduce measures to prevent the virus being spread by donated blood, and did not establish proper checks on plasma and plasma-derived products. Although almost 100 of the victims had already died, the court ruled that their families were still entitled to compensation.
Japan.
In Japan, the Health Ministry did not ban unheated products until December 1985, despite knowing that they were contaminated. As a result, over 1,400 Japanese hemophiliacs were exposed to HIV, and more than 500 were believed to have died by 2001.
In November 1995, a case involving Japanese hemophiliacs was settled, with compensation of $420,000 for each victim, $235,000 coming from the companies involved and the rest from the Japanese government. This was much higher than the results being discussed in the United States cases.
In February 2000, three former drug company executives accused of selling blood products tainted with HIV were given prison terms.
However, in March 2001, a Tokyo court cleared the former top AIDS expert of professional negligence over the scandal.
Portugal.
In Portugal, more than 100 Portuguese hemophiliacs were infected with HIV after receiving transfusions of contaminated plasma that had been imported and distributed by the public health service. In 2001, Leonor Beleza, a former health minister, was indicted for propagating a contagious disease during her time in office during the 1980s.
United Kingdom.
In the 1970s and 1980s, a large number of people in the United Kingdom – most of whom had haemophilia – were infected with hepatitis C and HIV as a result of receiving contaminated clotting factor products. In the United Kingdom, these were supplied by the National Health Service, with many of the products being imported from the US.
The Infected Blood Inquiry statistics report, published in September 2022, set out to establish the true numbers of those infected. The report found that around 1,250 people with bleeding disorders were infected with HIV in the UK and that at least a further 2,400 people were infected with Hepatitis C. The report concluded that around three-quarters of those infected with HIV, and at least 700 people infected with Hepatitis C, had died. The report also found that 8,120 people were chronically infected with Hepatitis C ten years or more after contaminated blood transfusions. Circumstances under which people were infected via transfusions were different to factor products. For example, blood for blood transfusion was not imported from the US.
United States.
In 1993, top executives of three companies (Baxter International, Rhône-Poulenc and Alpha Therapeutic) met with leaders of the hemophilia community to outline the terms of a $125 million offer. Rejecting the offer, David Shrager, a plaintiffs' lawyer, filed a class action lawsuit with Jonathan Wadleigh as lead plaintiff on behalf of American hemophiliacs. Shrager had previously negotiated a favourable settlement on behalf of Canadian hemophiliacs and then established a panel of claimants, led by Wadleigh, to advise him and other lawyers. In early 1995, the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Chicago decertified the lawsuit, saying it might bankrupt the industry.
While Wadleigh and Corey Dubin (another named plaintiff) favoured appealing the Seventh Circuit decision to the Supreme Court of the United States, to protect the rights of all affected hemophiliacs, not just those who had already sued, Shrager wanted to pursue the separate federal proceeding that had consolidated hundreds of individual lawsuits that had been filed against the producers. By June 1996, the differing groups reconciled, seeking industry settlement proposals.
Meanwhile, the clotting producers were quietly settling many claims. Individual lawsuits continued to fail because most states had laws shielding blood products from traditional product liability claims. However, discovery was producing damaging documents contending that the companies had collected blood from high-risk donors like homosexuals and prisoners, intensifying informal settlement negotiations. James and Matthews, using the address data of the clinics where plasma was sourced, and a spatial/demographic model of illicit drug markets, showed that during the period from 1980 to 1995, these clinics were over-represented in so-called "underclass" or extreme-poverty areas and active illicit drug markets.
In 1997, Bayer and the other three manufacturers agreed to pay $660 million to settle cases on behalf of more than 6,000 hemophiliacs infected in United States in the early 1980s, paying an estimated $100,000 net to each infected hemophiliac. The settlement consent decree denied attorney contingent fees and provided a $40 million fund to pay attorneys as ordered by the court.
Soon after the settlement, because the New York state statute of limitations required people to file a lawsuit within three years of discovering an illness, New York Governor George Pataki signed a bill allowing people infected by blood products, or their survivors, two years to bring product liability suits against the manufacturers. While the settled class members are barred from filing suits against the companies, the bill allowed an estimated additional 75 eligible persons to file suits.
The plaintiffs alleged that the companies manufactured and sold blood factor products as beneficial "medicines" that were, in fact, contaminated with HIV and/or HCV and resulted in the mass infection and/or deaths of thousands of hemophiliacs worldwide. The companies' failure to follow US federal law and conduct tests against viral hepatitis increased the risk of plasma containing HIV entering plasma pools.

</doc>
<doc id="6999537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999537" title="X-Ray (comics)">
X-Ray (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6999541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999541" title="Scheissmessiah">
Scheissmessiah



</doc>
<doc id="6999551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999551" title="Aasif Mandviwala">
Aasif Mandviwala



</doc>
<doc id="6999558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999558" title="Aasif H. Mandviwala">
Aasif H. Mandviwala



</doc>
<doc id="6999560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999560" title="County General Hospital">
County General Hospital

County General Hospital or County General Medical Center may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6999568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999568" title="Wall Street (1929 movie)">
Wall Street (1929 movie)



</doc>
<doc id="6999570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999570" title="Rampart General Hospital">
Rampart General Hospital



</doc>
<doc id="6999575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999575" title="ER/Studio">
ER/Studio

ER/Studio is data architecture and database design software developed by IDERA, Inc. ER/Studio is compatible with multiple database platforms and is used to create and manage database designs, as well as to document and reuse data assets. In 2015, Embarcadero Technologies was acquired by database and infrastructure management software company IDERA, Inc. Since the acquisition by IDERA, Inc., ER/Studio has been renamed to ER/Studio Data Architect with updated features.
Overview.
ER/Studio has a computer-aided software engineering tool (or CASE tool). Users can utilize ER/Studio as a way to take conceptual data model and create a logical data model that is not dependent on a specific database technology. This schematic model can be used to create the physical data model. Users can then forward engineer the data definition language required to instantiate the schema for a range of database-management systems. The software includes features to graphically modify the model, including dialog boxes for specifying the number of entity–relationships, database constraints, indexes, and data uniqueness. ER/Studio supports four data modeling languages: IDEF1X, two variants of information technology engineering developed by James Martin, and a form of dimensional modeling notation.
Version History.
Version 16.0:
Version 16.5:
Version 17.0:
Version 17.1:
Version 18.0:
Enhancements and bug fixes including:
Version 18.1:
Version 18.2:
Version 18.3:
Version 18.4:
Version 18.5:
Platforms.
ER/Studio works on the Windows operating system, ranging from Windows 7 to Windows 10 (64-bit).

</doc>
<doc id="6999580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999580" title="LSWR T1 class">
LSWR T1 class

The London and South Western Railway T1 class was a class of fifty 0-4-4T steam tank locomotives designed for suburban passenger work by William Adams and built between 1888 and 1896.
History.
The class were numbered 1–20, 61–80 and 358–367. In typical London and South Western Railway fashion, they reused the numbers of retired or duplicated engines. The class remained largely intact until the 1930s, being scheduled to be withdrawn by 1940, however due to the Second World War a few remained in traffic (around eight examples) until the early British Railways years, the final one (30007) being withdrawn in May 1951.
Possible Revival.
No complete T1 locomotives were saved for preservation, however, a boiler and smokebox from a withdrawn locomotive was found in a factory in Essex back in the 1980s and was subsequently purchased for use on a 'new' T1 locomotive. Since September 2004, this boiler has been stored on the Avon Valley Railway.

</doc>
<doc id="6999583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999583" title="Peter Ward (footballer, born 1964)">
Peter Ward (footballer, born 1964)

Peter Ward (born 15 October 1964) is an English professional football manager who played over 350 Football League games as a midfielder. He was a player, manager, assistant manager and coach at Stockport County.
Playing career.
Ward played for Chester le Street, Newcastle United, Huddersfield Town, Rochdale, Stockport County, Wrexham and Morecambe. He started his career with the local Chester le Street town side and was spotted whilst playing in the Northern League by Jack Charlton at Newcastle United. However, following Jack Charlton's departure he was released by the St James' Park club and he returned to play for Chester-Le-Street Town. The following year he was given another opportunity when he was subsequently transferred to Huddersfield Town. Following a successful spell at the Yorkshire side where he featured alongside players such as Duncan Shearer he left for Spotland.
At Rochdale he helped the side into the 5th round of the FA Cup where they were defeated by Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park, in what was the club's most successful ever run in the competition. On the way Rochdale defeated Whitley Bay from Ward's home region of the North East. His most successful spell in his professional career came when he moved onto Edgeley Park, playing under the legendary Uruguayan Manager, Danny Bergara, for Stockport County and this is where he met Jim Gannon. During his time at Stockport he played at Wembley four times, however he lost on each occasion. Ward was also renowned for his set pieces and his tough tackling. Ward then saw out his professional career with Welsh side Wrexham with whom he helped reach the FA Cup quarter-finals in 1997, and played in the side that missed out on reaching the League One play-off's on goal difference in 1997/98. Ward retired from playing in the summer of 1999, but he was persuaded out of retirement to make one appearance for Football Conference side Morecambe in a 1–2 home defeat by Kingstonian in October 1999.
Coaching career.
Following Ward's playing career being terminated due to a persistent injury, he took up coaching at Stockport County's Centre of Excellence, but following County's 6–0 loss to Macclesfield Town on 26 December 2005, Manager Chris Turner was sacked. Ward's former teammate Jim Gannon was appointed as manager, and Ward was promoted to his assistant at Edgeley Park. During this spell, Gannon &amp; Ward led County from 24th in League Two up to 5th in League One by Christmas 2008. Overseeing one of the most successful periods in the club's history, including a Football League record of nine consecutive wins without conceding a goal between January–March 2007 and winning the Football League Two Playoffs in 2008. Gannon, Ward &amp; much of the backroom staff were made redundant in May 2009, due to County entering administration. On 30 June 2009 he was appointed as Gannon's assistant at Motherwell. The tenure was short-lived, however, and they were both out of work by Christmas. Following the takeover of Stockport County by the 2015 consortium in June 2010, Ward took up the offer to take charge of first team training of his former club during the close season whilst the new board searched for a permanent manager. After the dismissal of their appointee, Paul Simpson, Ward was temporarily placed in charge of first team affairs as caretaker manager
Following Gannon's appointment at League Two rivals Port Vale, Ward was thought to be favourite to get the Stockport job permanently. His first game in charge was a 5–1 home defeat by Gillingham. In his second match, however, a much improved performance resulted in a 3–3 draw against second-placed Rotherham United, with County at one point 3–1 ahead. He was replaced by Ray Mathias (also employed as caretaker manager) on 9 March 2011 but joined the coaching staff. He left Stockport in July 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6999585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999585" title="Société de Produits Nestlé S.A.">
Société de Produits Nestlé S.A.



</doc>
<doc id="6999588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999588" title="Protivo-Vozdushnaya Oborona">
Protivo-Vozdushnaya Oborona



</doc>
<doc id="6999594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999594" title="Shache">
Shache



</doc>
<doc id="6999598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999598" title="Liang Hongzhi">
Liang Hongzhi

Liang Hongzhi; (; Wade-Giles: "Liang Hung-chih"; Hepburn: "Ryō Koushi", 1882 - November 6, 1946) was a leading official in the Anhui clique of the Beiyang Government, later noted for his role as in the collaborationist Reformed Government of the Republic of China during World War II.
Biography.
Liang was a native of Changle in Fujian province. From 1888 to 1890, he lived in Japan, where his father had been dispatched to by the government of Qing Dynasty China. In 1903, he passed the Imperial examination and in 1905 was accepted to the predecessor to Beijing University. In 1908, he was sent as an official to Shandong province. After the Xinhai Revolution and the formation of the Republic of China, he was recruited to the nationalist government by Yuan Shikai. After the death of Yuan, he gave his allegiance to Duan Qirui, warlord of the Anhui clique, serving as secretary to Duan Zhigui. After the defeat of the Anhui clique in the Zhili–Anhui War, he fled to the Japanese concession in Tianjin.
He returned to Beijing in November 1924 after the Beijing coup and put in charge of a provisional government after an agreement with Zhang Zuolin and Feng Yuxiang, but fled again in 1928 after the successes of Chiang Kai-shek's Northern Expedition. When a warrant for Liang's arrest was issued by the Kuomintang, he fled to Dalian in the Kwantung Leased Territory under Japanese jurisdiction together with Duan Qirui.
After the Manchurian Incident of 1931, Liang returned with Duan to Tianjin, and then to Shanghai and was with Duan when he died in 1937.
After the Second Sino-Japanese War broke out in 1937, the Imperial Japanese Army quickly overran northern and portions of eastern China, and the Japanese Imperial General Headquarters authorized the creation of a collaborationist regimes as part of its overall strategy to establish an autonomous buffer zones between North China and Japanese-controlled Manchukuo. The Provisional Government of the Republic of China based in Beijing was formed on December 14, 1937, with Wang Kemin as its president of the five provinces of northern China. The Reformed Government of the Republic of China based in Nanjing was subsequently created on 28 March 1938 in eastern China and Liang was recruited to take the post of chairman.
The Reformed Government of the Republic of China was assigned nominal control of the provinces of Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Anhui as well as the two municipalities of Nanjing and Shanghai. However, its activities were carefully prescribed and overseen by “advisors” provided by the Japanese China Expeditionary Army. The failure of the Japanese to give any real authority to the Reformed Government discredited it in the eyes of the local inhabitants, and made its existence of only limited propaganda utility to the Japanese authorities.
The Reformed Government was, along with the Provisional Government of the Republic of China, merged into Wang Jingwei's Nanjing Nationalist Government on March 30, 1940. In the new regime, Liang held only ceremonial posts, including the nominal governorship of Jiangsu Province and chairman of the Legislative Yuan, retiring before the end of World War II.
Liang was arrested by the government of the Republic of China after the surrender of Japan and tried for treason in Suzhou. He was sentenced to death and executed by firing squad in Shanghai on November 6, 1946.

</doc>
<doc id="6999600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999600" title="Bortala">
Bortala



</doc>
<doc id="6999608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999608" title="Three Onenesses">
Three Onenesses



</doc>
<doc id="6999616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999616" title="New York and New Jersey campaigns">
New York and New Jersey campaigns



</doc>
<doc id="6999622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999622" title="Kawekaweau/Delcourt's gecko">
Kawekaweau/Delcourt's gecko



</doc>
<doc id="6999623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999623" title="Vicious Vinyl">
Vicious Vinyl

Vicious Vinyl is a record label based in Melbourne, Australia. The label was started in the late 1980s in Frankston by aspirant producer/DJs, Andy Van and John Course. Colin Daniels later joined as their third partner.
Vicious Recordings was founded in 1992, and has featured artists such as Avicii, Dirty South, Madison Avenue, Peking Duk, and The Potbelleez.
They released a number of local artists including Ground Level, Bubbleman and Pendulum to major club scene acclaim. The label garnered major international success with the "Vicious Grooves" release of Andy Van's Madison Avenue project and their single, "Don't Call Me Baby".
The label also released five volumes of the compilation series, "Da House and Club Anthems" and their long line of albums under the name "Vicious Cuts" (or "" on iTunes).

</doc>
<doc id="6999625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999625" title="McLean National Wildlife Refuge">
McLean National Wildlife Refuge

McLean National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. A little less than half the acreage of McLean NWR is on public lands, while the rest is an easement refuge and is on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees McLean NWR from their offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge. Originally called Lake Susie NWR, the name of the refuge was changed to its current title in the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="6999632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999632" title="Delcourt's gecko">
Delcourt's gecko



</doc>
<doc id="6999633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999633" title="William R. Mapother (actor)">
William R. Mapother (actor)



</doc>
<doc id="6999637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999637" title="Delcourts gecko">
Delcourts gecko



</doc>
<doc id="6999651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999651" title="Sacred Heart Hospital (Scrubs)">
Sacred Heart Hospital (Scrubs)

 

</doc>
<doc id="6999656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999656" title="Lich (comics)">
Lich (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6999658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999658" title="Maja Salvador">
Maja Salvador

Maja Ross Andres Salvador-Ortega (born October 5, 1988) is a Filipino actress and television personality. Known for portraying strong female leads in revenge dramas in film and television, she has been described as one of the best actresses of her generation. She is known as the Revenge Drama Queen and 
the OG Queen of the Dancefloor. Maja is also the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) Dance Exchange Ambassador. Her accolades include an Asia Contents Award, a FAMAS Award, a Gawad Urian Award, a Luna Award and a PMPC Star Awards for Movies, including nominations from Asian Television Awards and Asian Academy Creative Awards.
Dubbed as the "Majestic Superstar" by the media, Salvador made her acting debut at age 14 on television in a minor role for "It" "Might Be You" (2003), earning her a nomination for Best New TV Personality at the PMPC Star Awards for Television. After playing supporting roles in various films and television shows, she got her first leading role in "Nagsimula sa Puso" (2009). She gained wider recognition for her roles in "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" (2011) and "Ina, Kapatid, Anak" (2012). She has since garnered subsequent success and awards for her lead roles in "The Legal Wife" (2014), "Bridges of Love" (2015) and "FPJ's Ang Probinsyano" (2016). She cemented a superstardom status after playing the lead in the revenge drama "Wildflower" (2017), followed by the acclaimed gothic horror "The Killer Bride" (2019).
Salvador's first big screen appearance was in a supporting role for the film "Sukob" (2006), which earned her acting awards from the Box Office Entertainment Awards and Star Awards for Movies, including nominations from the FAMAS Awards and Gawad Pasado Awards. Her other notable films include "One More Chance" (2007), "Thelma" (2011) for which she won Best Actress at the Gawad Urian and Luna Awards, "24/7 in Love" (2012) and "I'm Drunk, I Love You" (2017) for which she earned Best Actress nominations from the FAMAS Awards and Star Awards for Movies. As a recording artist, she has released two studio albums "Believe" (2014) and "Maja in Love" (2015), both were certified Platinum by PARI. Salvador launched her own management company, Crown Artist Management, in 2021, home to artists such as John Lloyd Cruz, Jasmine Curtis-Smith and Miles Ocampo.
Early life.
Maja Ross Andres Salvador was born in Aparri, Cagayan, Philippines, on October 5, 1988. Her father, Ross Rival, is of Spanish German ancestry. Salvador is a member of a family of actors which includes her father, uncle Phillip Salvador, and half-brother Jon Hernandez.
Acting career.
2003–2009: Beginnings and breakthrough.
Salvador started her career in show business lightly. She played a minor role in "It Might Be You" (2003–2004), a series starring John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo. For the series Salvador garnered her first nomination for Best New Female TV Personality. After "It Might Be You", Salvador then started appearing in "ASAP" (2003–2020). She then started pairing up with other teen actors such as Rayver Cruz, John Wayne Sace, and Hero Angeles for the now defunct teenage television series "Nginiig" (2004–2006). Salvador, along with Cruz, Sace and Angeles, were all hosts of the series.
She then reunited with co-stars Rayver Cruz and John Wayne Sace for another teen-oriented television series. Salvador became part of the cast of "Spirits" (2004–2005), portraying the role of Gabby, an overachiever kid whose sunny ways ensures she is liked by everyone she meets. Salvador starred in several episodes of "Maalaala Mo Kaya", a drama anthology series, and gained a nomination for Best Single Performance by an Actress for an episode entitled "Regalo" (2006). In 2006, Salvador made her film debut in the horror themed movie "Sukob". She was nominated and won several awards for the movie, including Best Supporting Actress award. The film is considered one of the most scariest horror Filipino films made of all times. It topbilled actress Kris Aquino and Claudine Barretto.
After the success of her first film, "Sukob", Salvador then starred in the Philippine comedy film "First Day High" (2006), opposite Kim Chiu, Gerald Anderson, Geoff Eigenmann and Jason Abalos. Shortly afterwards, she then became part of the cast of "Sa Piling Mo" (2006) playing the role of Marisa. Salvador gained even more fame after starring in the prime time series "Pangarap na Bituin" (2007). The series is the 2nd highest Musical Prime Time series after Sharon Cuneta's "Bituing Walang Ningning". She then gained even more popularity after starring in "One More Chance" (2007), reuniting with "It Might Be You" co-stars John Lloyd Cruz and Bea Alonzo. Salvador received a nomination for Movie Supporting Actress of the Year. Salvador then starred in Susan Roces's "Pataying Sa Sindak Si Barbara" (2008), alongside Kris Aquino, Jodi Sta. Maria and veteran actress, Susan Roces.
After portraying several supporting roles in movies and television series, Salvador got her first leading role in "Nagsimula sa Puso" (2009–2010). The series revolves around a teacher named Celina who falls in love with her own student. This is the first partnership of love-team Maja Salvador and Coco Martin. Salvador stars opposite Nikki Gil, Jason Abalos and Jaclyn Jose. While also doing this series, she was also, at the time, also starring in the child-themed series "May Bukas Pa" (2009–2010), with child actor Zaijian Jaranilla. Salvador became a well known name after playing the roles of "Celina Fernandez" and "Stella Rodrigo".
2009–2014: Rising star.
Salvador experienced career expansion after playing several minor and supporting roles. She became the leading lady of Sam Milby during the 11th installment of the "Precious Hearts Romances" series. She, along with Milby, starred in the series entitled "Impostor" (2010). Shortly after, Salvador got another leading role in the miniseries of "Wansapanataym" entitled "Inday sa Balitaw" (2010). Salvador played the title role in the inspirational family drama film, "Thelma" (2011). She received 2 awards for the category of Best Actress for the film. Besides that, Salvador was also nominated twice.
She then became part of the cast in "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" (2011). Reuniting with her "Nagsimula sa Puso" leading man, Coco Martin, Salvador also starred with Andi Eigenmann, Martin del Rosario and veteran actress Lorna Tolentino. The series made Salvador's profile grow even more. After the successful finale of "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin", Salvador joined the cast of "My Binondo Girl" (2011–2012) as an antagonist, reuniting for her "First Day High" co-star Kim Chiu. She played the role of Amber Dionisio, a rival of Jade (Chiu). Salvador then starred in the film "My Cactus Heart" (2012) with Xian Lim and Matteo Guidicelli, who she once starred with in the comedy-romance television series "My Binondo Girl".
Shortly after "My Cactus Heart", Salvador then became part of the cast in the anthology comedy film "24/7 in Love" (2012). For her part in the film, Salvador was paired up with actor, Diether Ocampo. Their part in the film is about an officer worker (Salvador) and her boss (Ocampo) who then fall in love. The film involved showing some nude scenes including Diether Ocampo's posterior showing with Salvador in the room. She then returned to television and starred in another installment of the "Precious Hearts Romances" series. Salvador was once again the starring role and the series was entitled "Lumayo Ka Man Sa Akin" (2012). She starred alongside Jason Abalos and Patrick Garcia.
Salvador then paired up with Kim Chiu, Xian Lim and Enchong Dee in the critically acclaimed prime time television series "Ina, Kapatid, Anak" (2012–2013). Portraying the role of Margaux Marasigan, she plays the main anti-heroine of the series. The series scored a great beginner rating of 25.8%, while the finale episode showed great appreciation from viewers garnering a 42.9% final episode. Following her successful portrayal in the series, Salvador received two nominations for Best Drama Actress for her role as Margaux. After "Ina, Kapatid, Anak", Salvador did another comedy film and collaborated with Paulo Avelino and Jake Cuenca in "" (2013), a remake of the 1979 comedy "Salawahan".
In 2014, Salvador became part of the highly controversial prime time television series, "The Legal Wife", starring alongside veteran actress Angel Locsin, Jericho Rosales and JC de Vera. She plays main antagonist of the series being the mistress of Adrian (Rosales) and rival to Monica (Locsin). For her involvement in "The Legal Wife", Salvador got nominated for Best Drama Actress. Towards the end of the year, Salvador starred in the daytime television series, "Give Love on Christmas" (2014–2015). She did the second installment of the series and it was titled "The Gift of Life".
2014–2019: Critical success and recognition.
After "Give Love on Christmas", Salvador's first project of 2015 was the critically acclaimed drama "Bridges of Love", which showed in Latin countries including Peru. Salvador plays the lead role, Mia, who is torn between two lovers, Gael and Carlos, who are fighting for her love and are unknowingly biological brothers. She stars with Jericho Rosales, Paulo Avelino, Carmina Villarroel and veteran actor Edu Manzano. The series started off with a great beginning with a 21.9% in ratings and ended off with a 26.9% finale. For her portrayal as Mia, she got nominated once for Best Drama Actress, while winning the award three times in 2015–2016. While filming "Bridges of Love", Salvador also starred in the movie "You're Still the One" (2015), opposite Richard Yap, Ellen Adarna and Dennis Trillo. The story focuses on the life of Elisse (Salvador) and how she is torn by choosing the right man who came at the wrong time or the wrong man who came at the right time.
Salvador then reunited with her "Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin" on-screen partner Coco Martin for a new project. She starred in "FPJ's Ang Probinsyano" (2015–2016) opposite Susan Roces, Bela Padilla, John Prats, Arjo Atayde, Jaime Fabregas, Albert Martinez, Eddie Garcia and Agot Isidro. The series is one of the most highly rated television series ever produced by ABS-CBN by getting a 41.6% on its pilot episode. Salvador portrayed the role of SPO1 Glen Corpuz who is Cardo's (Martin) childhood best friend and police partner who secretly admires him. However, in August 2016, Salvador departed from the series with her contract ending. Her character was replaced by Yassi Pressman. She reprises her role for the comedy television series "Home Sweetie Home" (2016) as Glen Corpuz.
After her character's departure from "Ang Probinsyano", Salvador plays the lead protagonist of the series in "Wildflower" (2017 – February 2018). In the series, she portrays the strong willed and vengeful Lily Cruz. The series occupied the pre-primetime slot, which is before ABS-CBN's flagship news show "TV Patrol" from February 2017 – February 2018. The series enjoys high ratings with 20.1% for its pilot episode and peaking at 35.2%. The series, specifically the confrontation scenes of her character and Emilia Ardiente (played by her co-actress Aiko Melendez) is popular in social media and had been a subject of several memes.
In 2017, Salvador played the role of Caridad Sonia "Carson" Herrera in JP Habac's critically acclaimed independent film "I'm Drunk, I Love You". Salvador's nuanced performance as the film's hopeless-romantic female lead led to nominations at the 2018 FAMAS Awards and the 34th PMPC Star Awards for Movies, and won her the best actress award at the 5th Urduja Film Festival Heritage Films Awards.
In 2019, Salvador returned to TV with two projects, first was being a judge in "World of Dance Philippines", before returning to teleserye via "The Killer Bride", where she portrayed Camila Dela Torre and co-starred with her niece Janella Salvador. The tale stems from a woman named Camila dela Torre, who in 1999—right before her wedding day, "killed" their mayor and was found by her fiancé in a matching bloody wedding dress and veil. During her murder trial, Camila begs to the court that she is wrongfully accused, but is eventually shunned by her own rich, prominent family and fiancé Vito dela Cuesta who testifies against her. Resulting in Camila's life imprisonment, she eventually gives birth to a beautiful baby girl in prison. Days later, a sudden freak fire encompasses the entire prison facility. Crying, desperate and unable to locate her newborn daughter, her last words exact revenge on every person who falsely accused her, all whilst her body burned in the flames. Also, she was occasionally a guest co-host on "It's Showtime" when many of the hosts of the show are absent.
2020–present: Professional expansion.
In 2020, after ABS-CBN was shut down on free TV, along with its franchise being denied by 70 congressmen, Salvador joined the Brightlight Productions/Cornerstone Studios-produced show "Sunday Noontime Live!", which is aired on TV5 via a blocktime agreement. However, after three months, the show aired its final episode.
In 2021, after 18 years under Star Magic, Salvador left Star Magic to establish her own talent agency called Crown Artist Management. She starred as Niña in "Niña Niño". On the first story, Niña was a girl who do not believe in miracles. She thrived somebody's essentials to benefit her and her Lola Belen (Ruby Ruiz) whom born by her mother named Gloria (Lilet) then leaved for a reason due to poor living. After eight years, she returned to Brgy. Consolacion along with his second child Niño (Noel Comia Jr.). Gloria revealed she was beaten by her own husband and she is trying to get away. After sunset, Lola Belen went missing after a long hunting despite that she had died on collision. Meanwhile in Belen's demise in the family, they are convince to start acted as con-artist for their potential income to the siblings, after that when Niño had a stomachache, Niña had caught by the tanods of the stealing property and both were run out quickly and they jump on a truck which brings them to Sitio Santa Ynez where they live a new life until an unexpected event changes everything. While Niña and Niño escaped through the remote area of Sta. Ynez, they had to find ways in receiving true faith for themselves and connected to healing rituals while they found Ka Iking, they had discovered happy thought for earning big income and return on basic act. This little town was ruled by Kapitana Pinang (Dudz Teraña) who was very strict and interested on making more and more money. Later on they met Isay (Moi Bien). It premiered on April 5, 2021 on TV5's "Todo Max Primetime Singko" line up replacing "Paano ang Pangako?".
On October 2, she officially joined the "Eat Bulaga!" to host the new segment "DC 2021". She returned to ABS-CBN in the action TV series "The Iron Heart" starring Richard Gutierrez.
Other ventures.
Music career.
In December 2013, it was announced that Salvador had signed a recording contract with Ivory Music &amp; Video. While recording the album, Salvador worked with award-winning arranger and producer, Jonathan Ong. By March 2014, she revealed through her Instagram account that the title will be "Believe" along with its track listing which contains mainly original composition and two cover songs. The carrier single, "Dahan-Dahan", was released on March 6 while the album was released nationwide on March 25. The album also features collaborations with rapper Abra and Project Pinas. Salvador also co-wrote a song titled "Buong Gabi". She released her first single from the said album, also titled "Dahan Dahan".
In June 2014, the album was eventually certified gold for selling over 7,500 copies nationwide and Salvador appeared on ASAP to receive a Gold Record award. She also staged her first major sold-out concert entitled "MAJ: The Legal Performer" on July 12 at the Music Museum. On September 14, 2014 she released her second single called "Halikana" featuring Abra. The same month, the music reached at no. 7 in the Top 10 Philippine pop music chart.
On March 15, 2015, during an interview with Myx, she revealed details on her second album and that its carrier single will be released by the end of the month. On April 9, 2015, a photo was uploaded on Salvador's Facebook page showing herself on set to film a music video for the carrier single titled, "Bakit Ganito Ang Pag Ibig", with actor JC De Vera. The single was digitally released on April 17. Her second album, titled "Maja in Love", was released on April 30. It features collaborations with Sam Milby and Rayver Cruz. In November, she staged her second major concert at the Mall of Asia Arena, dubbed as Majasty. She then again staged her third concert at the Music Museum, dubbed as #OnlyMaja.
In 2017, it was announced that Salvador will team up with Thai popstar with Tor+Saksit for a new single. The song, "Falling into You", was released on February 9, 2018.
Personal life.
In April 2022, Salvador got engaged to her non-celebrity boyfriend, Rambo Nuñez Ortega.
The couple married on July 31, 2023 in Apurva Kempinski, Bali, Indonesia. On December 1, 2023, the couple announced that they were expecting their first child. On June 1, 2024, Salvador announced the birth of her first child, a daughter named Maria, in Canada on an Instagram post.
Advocacy and issues.
In 2013, Salvador joined the PETA campaign to free Mali the Elephant from captivity in Manila Zoo and have her transferred to Boon Lott's Elephant Sanctuary where she can be given better treatment and care. Until her death in 2023, Mali was the only captive elephant in the Philippines and the zoo was considered by celebrities and netizens to not have adequate knowledge or resources to properly care for her.

</doc>
<doc id="6999663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999663" title="Hoplodactylus delacourti">
Hoplodactylus delacourti



</doc>
<doc id="6999664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999664" title="Gynaika Magazine">
Gynaika Magazine

Gynaika Magazine (Greek "ΓΥΝΑΙΚΑ"), first published on 1 February 1952 by Evangelos Terzopoulos Publishing Enterprises S.A., was the first Greek women's magazine. The word 'Gynaika' means woman in Greek. Before its publication, all Greek magazines were targeted towards the male gender. 
When the Greek media was opened up to international competition in the late 1980s many international women's magazines, such as "ELLE" and "Marie Claire", entered the Greek market severely reducing the magazine's circulation.

</doc>
<doc id="6999670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999670" title="Kadazans">
Kadazans



</doc>
<doc id="6999673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999673" title="Simeon Career Academy">
Simeon Career Academy

Neal F. Simeon Career Academy (formerly known as Westcott Vocational High School, Neal F. Simeon Vocational High School, Neal F. Simeon Career Technical Academy), locally known simply as Simeon, is a public four-year vocational high school located in the Chatham area on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. Simeon is a part of the Chicago Public Schools district. Opened in 1949, the school is named for African-American Chicago Public Schools educator and administrator Neal Ferdinand Simeon.
History.
Simeon was founded in 1949, as Westcott Vocational High School in a building located at 8023 S. Normal Avenue. It operated until the Kroger company donated a vacant warehouse, located at 8235 S. Vincennes Avenue, to the Chicago Public Schools in 1963. The school was renamed Neal F. Simeon Vocational High School in September 1964. The school's name changed from "Vocational High School" to "Career Technical Academy" in September 1998.
With a new gymnasium completed in 1987, Simeon still operated in the Kroger building's limited conditions until a new building was completed and opened in September 2003. When the new building opened, the school's address changed to 8147 S. Vincennes Avenue. In 2003, Simeon's name changed to its current name.
Career and technical education.
The Career Academy designation at the Chicago Public Schools is "a college-preparatory curriculum and career–focused education in different fields at each school." Key Career and Technical Education (CTE) programs at Simeon are:
Each program allows students to gain direct knowledge, and most earn industry-recognized certifications or college credit.
Ratings for Simeon reported by the CPS:
Academics.
Simeon Career Academy is rated a 3 out of 10 by GreatSchools.org, a national school quality information site. GreatSchools' summary rating is based on four of the school's themed ratings: the test score rating, student or academic progress rating, college readiness rating, and equity rating, and flags for discipline and attendance disparities.
Athletics.
Simeon competes in the Chicago Public League (CPL) and is a member of the Illinois High School Association (IHSA). Simeon is known in the Chicago area as a high school sports powerhouse. The school sport teams are nicknamed the Wolverines. Simeon is the first Chicago public school to win four consecutive basketball state titles, and the second statewide. "I think what our team has shown is there's excellence in the hood. You can be smart, you can be cool, you can be an athlete," said Sheldon D. House, Simeon principal. The girls' volleyball team were Class AA and public league champions in 1985–86, 1997–98, and 1998–99. Simeon boys won the 2002 Chicago Public Schools wrestling championship.
Baseball.
The boys' baseball team were Class AA and public league champions seven times, in 1982–83, 1984–85, 1989–90, 1997–98, 1998–99, 2002–03, and 2003–04. Simeon also has eight second place seasons. Led by the only African-American member of the Illinois High School Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Fame, "trendsetter" Leroy Franklin, baseball was the first city championship in any sport for the Wolverines. More Simeon alumna have been selected in the Major League Baseball amateur draft than any other high school in the state. After 35 years of coaching Simeon baseball, Franklin retired in 2016.
Football.
The late Alvin Scott was the second winningest high school football coach in the Chicago Public League. He coached Simeon from 1972 to 2004. During that time, the Wolverines had 262 wins against 130 losses. The Wolverines "blue machine" were Chicago Public League champs in 1983, 1986, 2000, 2003 and 2009. Simeon has represented Chicago Public League football in the Chicago Prep Bowl in 1983, 1986, 2000, 2003, 2009, 2011, and 2012, while winning the Bowl in 2013, 2016, and 2017.
Basketball.
The Simeon girls' basketball team were Class AA and regional champions four times, in 2003–04, 2004–05, 2005–06, and 2006–07. Simeon won the IHSA Class AA state boys' basketball championships three times, in 1983–84, 2005–06 (with Derrick Rose), and 2006–07 (with Derrick Rose). They also won the Class 4A championship four times, in 2009–10, 2010–11, 2011–12, and 2012–13 (which tied Manual High School for the longest Illinois state championship title run). Simeon's boys' basketball team was ranked first in the United States in ESPN's 2011 high school preseason rankings. Led by Jabari Parker and Kendrick Nunn, they won the 2012 Illinois Class 4A championship by defeating Proviso East High School.
In 2013, Parker led them to another state championship when they defeated Stevenson High School. Bob Hambric (1939–2009) coached boys’ basketball at Simeon for 24 years. Never having a losing season, in 1984 Hambric coached the team to its first city and state championships.
Simeon boys were the 2016–2017 Chicago Public League Basketball champs. The 68–64 win over far South Side rival Morgan Park High School was their eighth city championship. Simeon was victorious for the third straight time as Chicago public league boys’ basketball champs, with its 69–59 win over Orr Academy (2016–2017 State Class 2A champs) in the 2018 city title game. The last boys’ basketball CPL three-peat was in 1961.
Ben Wilson.
The school is known for 17-year-old Benjamin "Benji" Wilson, then recognized as the top high school basketball player in the nation, who led the Wolverines to their first city and state basketball championships. He was shot on the eve of his senior season opener, November 20, 1984. He died the following day. The day after his murder, Chicago's Mayor Harold Washington spoke to grieving students, denouncing gun violence in the city and promising a new gymnasium for the school, to be named in Wilson's honor. The gymnasium was completed in August 1987.
Afterwards, Wilson's number 25 jersey was traditionally worn by Simeon's best player, until it was retired. The last to wear it was Derrick Rose. Rose moved on to become one of the nation's top point guards in 2007 and eventually an NBA All-Star and league MVP for the Chicago Bulls. Nick Anderson, Deon Thomas and Calvin Brock are Simeon alumni who wore that number at the University of Illinois in honor of Wilson. In 2012, the Simeon team began wearing sneakers on the court with Wilson's name and number 25 on them. A "30 for 30" documentary film about Wilson was released in 2012 by ESPN.

</doc>
<doc id="6999674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999674" title="St Eligius Hospital">
St Eligius Hospital



</doc>
<doc id="6999675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999675" title="Environmental Site Assessment">
Environmental Site Assessment



</doc>
<doc id="6999678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999678" title="Responses to terrorism">
Responses to terrorism



</doc>
<doc id="6999684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999684" title="St. Louis Rams">
St. Louis Rams

The St. Louis Rams were a professional American football team of the National Football League (NFL). They played in St. Louis, Missouri, from 1995 through the 2015 season, before moving back to Los Angeles, California, where the team had played from 1946 to 1994. The team is now known as the Los Angeles Rams.
The arrival of the Rams, which originated in Cleveland before moving to Los Angeles, California, in 1946, gave St. Louis, Missouri a professional football team for the first time since the St. Louis Cardinals left to become the Arizona Cardinals in 1987.
The St. Louis Rams played their home games at what is now known as The Dome at America's Center in downtown St. Louis, which the city had been building for a few years in the hopes of gaining an NFL team. Dubbed the Trans World Dome, the stadium was unready when the team arrived, so it temporarily shared Busch Memorial Stadium with the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball (MLB). The Rams played their first game in St. Louis on September 10, 1995, defeating the New Orleans Saints, 17–13. The Trans World Dome opened on November 12, 1995, when the Rams defeated the Carolina Panthers 28–17.
The franchise notched its first winning season and playoff appearance as a St. Louis, Missouri team in 1999, and went on to win its first and only championship in Super Bowl XXXIV. That season began a three-year run of success with The Greatest Show on Turf offense, which included a franchise-best 14–2 record in 2001 en route to a Super Bowl XXXVI appearance.
Following their 2002 Super Bowl defeat to the New England Patriots, the Rams struggled for their remaining years in St. Louis. By the time they moved back to Los Angeles, the Rams had gone 12 seasons without a winning record, and 11 seasons without qualifying for the postseason.
The St. Louis Rams played their last game in St. Louis, Missouri on December 17, 2015, defeating the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 31–23 in a home stadium that had been renamed the Edward Jones Dome. Their last game as a St. Louis–based franchise was on January 3, 2016, against the San Francisco 49ers at Levi's Stadium, which they lost 19–16. After the 2015 NFL season, the team returned to Los Angeles.
Early days.
1936: Founding in the AFL.
The Rams franchise, founded in 1936 by attorney/businessman Homer Marshman and player-coach Damon "Buzz" Wetzel, was named for the then-powerhouse Fordham Rams and because the name was short and would fit easily into a newspaper headline.
Coached by Wetzel, and featuring future Hall-of-Fame coach Sid Gillman as a receiver, the team went 5–2–2 in its first season, finishing in second place, behind the Boston Shamrocks. The team might have hosted an AFL championship game at Cleveland's League Park; however, the Boston team canceled because its unpaid players refused to participate. The Rams then moved from the poorly managed AFL to the National Football League on February 12, 1937. Marshman and the other Rams stockholders paid $10,000 for an NFL franchise, then put up $55,000 to capitalize the new club, and Wetzel became general manager.
1937–1943: Struggles.
Under head coach Hugo Bezdek and with sole star Johnny Drake, the team's first-round draft pick, the Rams struggled in an era of little league parity to a 1–10 record in 1937 under heavy competition from the NFL's "big four": the Chicago Bears, Green Bay Packers, New York Giants, and the Washington Redskins. After the team dropped its first three games of 1938, Wetzel was fired, then Bezdek. Art Lewis became coach, and guided the team to four victories in its last eight games and a 4–7 record.
Future Hall-of-Famer Dutch Clark was named head coach for the 1939 season, and with Lewis as his assistant and with star back Parker Hall on the squad, the Rams improved to 5–5–1 in 1939 and 4–6–1 in 1940 before falling back to 2–9 in 1941, the year that Dan Reeves, a New Yorker with family wealth in the grocery business, acquired the team.
The Rams bounced back to 5–6 and a third-place finish in 1942, but in the heavy war year of 1943, when many NFL personnel, including Rams' majority owner Reeves, had been drafted into the military, they suspended play for one season.
1944: Rebound.
The franchise began to rebound in 1944 under the direction of general manager Chile Walsh and head coach Aldo Donelli, the only man both to participate in a FIFA World Cup game and coach an NFL team. With servicemen beginning to return home, and with the makings of a championship team that included ends Jim Benton and Steve Pritko, backs Jim Gillette and Tommy Colella, and linemen Riley Matheson and Mike Scarry, the team improved to 4–6 in 1944, defeating the Bears in League Park and the Detroit Lions in Briggs Stadium.
The move to Anaheim.
Before the Rams’ 1979 Super Bowl season, the team's owner Carroll Rosenbloom drowned in an accident. His widow, Georgia Frontiere, inherited 70% ownership of the team. Frontiere fired her stepson, Steve Rosenbloom, and assumed total control of the franchise. As had been planned before Carroll Rosenbloom's death, the Rams moved from their longtime home at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum to Anaheim Stadium in nearby Orange County in 1980. The move was necessitated in part because the Coliseum's abnormally large seating capacity of 100,000 was difficult to sell out, which often subjected the team to the league's local-market TV blackout rule. At the same time, Southern California's population patterns were changing; there was rapid growth in L.A.’s affluent suburbs (e.g. greater Orange County) and a decline in the city of Los Angeles's population and income. Anaheim Stadium was originally built in 1966 as the home of the California Angels Major League Baseball franchise. To accommodate the Rams’ move, the ballpark was reconfigured with luxury suites and enclosed to accommodate crowds of about 65,000 for football.
From 1982, the Coliseum was also occupied by the Los Angeles Raiders. The combined effect of these two factors split the loyalties of the Rams’ traditional fan base between two teams. Making matters even worse, the Rams were unsuccessful on the field, while the Raiders were thriving, winning Super Bowl XVIII in 1983. The Los Angeles Lakers won the NBA Finals in 1980, their first of five titles in that decade; the Los Angeles Dodgers won the World Series in 1981 and 1988; and the Los Angeles Kings, buoyed by the acquisition of Wayne Gretzky in August 1988, advanced to the 1993 Stanley Cup Finals.
1990–94: Frontiere's endgame for the L.A. Rams.
Although it was not apparent at the time, the Rams’ loss in the marked the end of an era. The Rams did not have another winning season in Los Angeles before their relocation. The first half of the 1990s featured four straight 10-loss (or worse) seasons, no playoff appearances and waning fan interest. The return of Chuck Knox as head coach after successful stints as head coach of the Buffalo Bills and the Seattle Seahawks did not boost the Rams’ fortunes. Knox's run-oriented offense brought about the end of offensive coordinator Ernie Zampese's tenure in 1993. General manager John Shaw was perceived by some to continually squander NFL draft picks on sub-standard talent. The offensive scheme was dull by 1990s standards, further alienating fans. One bright spot for the offense during this time was running back Jerome Bettis, a bruising running back from Notre Dame. Bettis flourished in Knox's offense, running for 1,429 yards as a rookie and 1,025 in his sophomore effort.
As early as the close of the 1992 season, Georgia Frontiere announced she wanted to break the Rams’ lease at Anaheim Stadium. After the 1993 season, Frontiere attempted to move the Rams to Baltimore, but her fellow owners turned that proposal down. Frontiere then sought to relocate the team to St. Louis, but was voted down again, with 21 opposed, three in favor (the Rams, Cincinnati Bengals and Tampa Bay Buccaneers), and six abstaining. The other owners (led by Buffalo's Ralph Wilson, the Jets’ Leon Hess, the Giants’ Wellington Mara, Washington's Jack Kent Cooke, Arizona's Bill Bidwill and Minnesota's John Skoglund) believed that the Rams’ financial problems were caused by the Frontieres’ mismanagement. When Frontiere threatened to sue the league, commissioner Paul Tagliabue acquiesced to Frontiere's demands. As part of the relocation deal, the city of St. Louis agreed to build a taxpayer-financed stadium, the Trans World Dome, and guaranteed that the stadium's amenities would be maintained in the top 25% of all NFL stadiums. Frontiere waived the clause after a 10-year threshold period passed, as the city implemented a later plan to improve the stadium.
The move left many in the Los Angeles area embittered toward the NFL. That sentiment was best expressed by actor and ex-Ram Fred Dryer, who at the time said “I hate these people [the organization and its owner] for what they did, taking the Rams logo with them when they moved to St. Louis. That logo belonged to Southern California.” Steve Rosenbloom, general manager of the team during his father's tenure as owner, opined that teams come and go, but for a team to leave Los Angeles — the second largest city in America — for St. Louis (approximately the 18th-largest) was simply irresponsible and foolish, despite the notoriously fickle support of Los Angeles fans. With the Raiders moving from L.A. back to Oakland only a few months later, the NFL would have no franchise in Los Angeles for two decades, with the Coliseum used for professional football only in 2001, by the Los Angeles Xtreme of the now-defunct XFL.
First years (1995–1998).
While the Rams dealt with stadium concerns in Los Angeles, efforts were under way to regain an NFL franchise in St. Louis to play in a new domed stadium slated to open in 1995. First, Anheuser-Busch scion Jim Orthwein tried, and failed, to move the New England Patriots to St. Louis. Then, despite being heavily favored along with Charlotte to win an expansion team, St. Louis lost to a group from Jacksonville, Florida. So certain, in fact, did it appear that St. Louis would gain an expansion franchise, that the team had a name selected – the Stallions – and T-shirts with the team's logo were made very briefly available for sale at a number of area sports shops.
Just before moving to St. Louis, the Rams fired Knox and hired Rich Brooks, longtime successful coach at the University of Oregon, to replace him. The team played its first several games in St. Louis at Busch Stadium, the home of the NFL's St. Louis Cardinals from 1966 until 1987, as work finished on their new home, the Trans World Dome. Brooks jettisoned Knox's run-oriented scheme in favor of a powerful air attack. Bettis all but disappeared from the offense, rushing for only 637 yards. Despite this, the Rams started off well, getting off to a 5–1 start, until a 44–10 loss to the 49ers in the last game at Busch Stadium sent the team into a downward spiral, and they finished 7–9 — still the franchise's closest to contention since 1989. Perhaps the most memorable aspect was that veteran offensive lineman and future Hall of Famer Jackie Slater played his 20th and final season with the team in its new St. Louis location.
Vermeil era.
The next three seasons were largely a repeat of the Rams’ final five seasons in Los Angeles. The team drafted highly touted Nebraska running back Lawrence Phillips with the sixth overall pick in the 1996 NFL draft. Now expendable, Bettis was traded to the Pittsburgh Steelers in exchange for draft picks, a move now seen as one of the most lopsided trades in professional sports history, strongly favoring the Steelers. After regressing to 6–10 in 1996, Brooks was replaced by Dick Vermeil. Vermeil had enjoyed success as the head coach of UCLA, where he won a Rose Bowl, and the Philadelphia Eagles, who he led to Super Bowl XV. However, he had left the Eagles after an unsuccessful 1982 season, claiming burnout, and spent much of the next decade and a half as a college football commentator for ABC Sports.
Vermeil's first two seasons as Rams coach were as unsuccessful as many of the preceding seasons. Phillips was cut from the team mid-season in 1997 after showing up for a game with alcohol on his breath, cementing his status as a draft bust.
At the close of the 1998 season, the franchise's combined record over nine seasons was 45–99, the worst in the NFL for the period and rivalled by only the Cincinnati Bengals, who went 49–97 over the same span.
1999–2001: The Greatest Show on Turf.
1999: Super Bowl champions.
Finally, in 1999, there appeared to be reason for hope. The Rams obtained running back Marshall Faulk from Indianapolis in a trade. The Rams also signed former-Redskin quarterback Trent Green as a free agent in February 1999 to a 4-year $17.5 million contract that included a $4.5 million signing bonus. Additionally, the Rams drafted wide receiver Torry Holt with the sixth overall pick in the 1999 NFL draft.
However, in a preseason game against the San Diego Chargers, Green blew out his anterior cruciate ligament and missed the entire season, prompting Green's backup, a 28-year-old former Arena Football League Iowa Barnstormers and NFL Europe Amsterdam Admirals player named Kurt Warner, to enter the game. During postgame press conferences, a tearful Vermeil vowed that the Rams would "rally around" Warner and “play good football” with him. Most observers believed Green's injury set up the Rams for another long season of failure; in fact, ESPN Magazine predicted that the Rams would finish with the worst record in the league (even below that of the recently reactivated Cleveland Browns).
However, Warner would have one of the most explosive starts to a career in football history, throwing for over 4,000 yards and 41 touchdowns. His quarterback rating of 109.2 was the highest in the NFL that year. He proved to be the catalyst that sparked an explosive offense nicknamed “The Greatest Show on Turf”, which would lead the NFL in points. Warner captured the NFL MVP award at season's end, while the 1999 NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award went to Faulk.
The Rams were also noted for a colorful celebration conducted by their offensive players in the end zone after scoring a touchdown. The celebration, which involved a group of players standing in a circle and swaying their arms as a football spun like a top in the center of the circle, was known as the “Bob 'N Weave.” This type of “premeditated and prolonged” display was shortly thereafter subject to “excessive celebration” penalties installed by the league.
After finishing the 1999 season 13–3 (the franchise's second-best regular season record to date), the Rams started out the playoffs by defeating the Minnesota Vikings 49–37 to achieve their first NFC championship game since 1989. Their opponent was the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, who proved successful in shutting down the Rams’ vaunted offense. Still, the Rams managed to win the game 11–6, with the one touchdown coming on Warner's 30-yard touchdown pass to Ricky Proehl, who made a one-handed catch. Proehl, a 10-year NFL veteran who was in the playoffs for the first time in his NFL career, said after the game “There are a lot of people who say there are 500 Ricky Proehls out there. I beg to differ.”
The Rams’ opponent in Super Bowl XXXIV was the Tennessee Titans, who, like the Rams, had recently relocated cities. In a game that many consider the best Super Bowl ever, Tennessee played the Rams tough throughout, achieving a 16–16 tie with 2:12 left on an Al Del Greco field goal. On the next drive, Warner, who had been a clutch performer all season long, came through once again, connecting with Isaac Bruce for a 73-yard touchdown pass on the first play of the drive to give the Rams a 23–16 lead with 1:53 to play.
Tennessee then mounted a desperate, last-minute drive, reaching the St. Louis 10-yard line with six seconds left and no timeouts. Titans quarterback Steve McNair threw to Kevin Dyson on a slant. Dyson caught the pass at the 3-yard line but was stopped in a play known as “The Tackle”; Rams linebacker Mike Jones brought Dyson down just 18 inches, or half a yard, shy of the goal line, ending the game and giving the Rams and coach Dick Vermeil their first Super Bowl victory. Warner was named Super Bowl MVP.
Following the Rams’ Super Bowl victory, Vermeil retired from football (though he came back in 2001 as head coach of the Kansas City Chiefs) and was replaced by offensive coordinator (and apprentice) Mike Martz.
2000: Wild card loss.
In Mike Martz’ first year as Rams head coach, the defending-champion Rams started the season by winning their first six games as they went 7–1 in the first half of the season. However, their season started getting ugly. They went 3–5 during the last half of the season, including a three-game losing streak. They still managed to get into the playoffs with a 10–6 record and the NFC's #6 seed, and faced the NFC West champion New Orleans Saints, the #3 seed, in the Wild Card round. Playing at the Louisiana Superdome, the Rams’ 24th-ranked defense yielded New Orleans a 31–7 lead, but the Rams fought back, scoring three straight touchdowns. However, the comeback fell short as the Saints triumphed 31–28, the first playoff win in New Orleans franchise history.
2001: Third Super Bowl and loss to the Patriots.
In 2001, the “Max Q” Rams went 14–2 (8–0 on the road), led not only by a strong offense (their third straight year of scoring 500 or more points), but a good defense as well, coached by Lovie Smith and led by Adam Archuleta. After handling the Green Bay Packers in the divisional playoffs, the Rams fought off the Philadelphia Eagles in the NFC Championship Game 29–24 to reach their second Super Bowl in three seasons. Their opponents in Super Bowl XXXVI would be the New England Patriots who, much as the Rams had had two years previous, had enjoyed a Cinderella playoff run, highlighted by a dramatic and controversial 16–13 divisional playoff win against the Oakland Raiders.
The talent-laden Rams appeared to be primed to become the first professional football dynasty of the 21st century. It was however, the Patriots who began their dynasty that night. They went on to win three Super Bowls in a four-year span, and have played in nine since the 2001 season as of 2020. Despite being a 14-point favorite, the Rams were dominated by the Patriots for most of the game. The Patriots chipped the Rams wideouts and running backs, disrupting their precision passing patterns. They also beat up Kurt Warner, forcing him into uncharacteristic mistakes, including a 47-yard touchdown interception return by Ty Law.
In the fourth quarter, the Rams mounted a comeback attempt. Two plays after an apparent game-clinching 95-yard fumble return by the Patriots was reversed on a penalty, Kurt Warner scored on a two-yard keeper to bring the Rams to within seven points, 17–10. After holding the Patriots on the next drive, the Rams were in much the same situation as they had been against Tennessee. Warner came through once again, quickly leading the Rams on a dramatic drive culminating in a 26-yard touchdown pass to Ricky Proehl. The extra point by Jeff Wilkins tied the game at 17 with 90 seconds left.
With the Patriots holding no timeouts and the Rams having seized the momentum, overtime seemed assured. Fox Sports commentator John Madden opined that the Patriots should run out the clock to end regulation time. Nevertheless, quarterback Tom Brady led the Patriots down the field, completing all but one pass (an intentional spike to stop the clock) before Adam Vinatieri's last-second 48-yard field goal defeated the Rams 20–17.
Super Bowl XXXVI later became part of the wider 2007 National Football League videotaping controversy, also known as “Spygate". The "Boston Herald" reported, citing an unnamed source, that the Patriots had taped the Rams’ walkthrough practice prior to the game. After further investigation, the league determined that no tape of the Rams’ Super Bowl walkthrough was made, and the "Herald" later issued an apology in 2008 for the article.
2002–2004: Struggles.
In 2002, the Rams had a very disappointing 7–9 final record (after starting out 0–5). The silver lining was the emergence of young quarterback Marc Bulger, from West Virginia University, who, after Kurt Warner was injured, won every game in which he both started and finished. Bulger's emergence was a highlight of the Rams’ 2002 NFL season, demonstrating Martz's knack for developing lightly regarded or overlooked players into top-quality, productive quarterbacks. The Rams also gained two new divisional rivals in the NFC West thanks to a league-wide realignment that created eight new divisions of four teams each. One of these new rivals, the Arizona Cardinals, played in St. Louis from 1960 until the end of the 1987 season, and the other, the Seattle Seahawks, returned to the NFC for the first time since their inaugural 1976 season.
In 2003, Warner lost the starting job to Bulger after suffering six fumbles in the season opener against the New York Giants. Warner was released by the Rams in June 2004 and quickly signed a free agent contract with the Giants, effectively ending the “Greatest Show on Turf” era.
The 2003 season saw the Rams go 12–4, winning the NFC West again. However, the Rams were defeated in the divisional round by the Carolina Panthers (29–23 in double overtime), who went on to become NFC champions.
During the 2004 NFL draft, the Rams used their first pick (24th overall) to select running back Steven Jackson from Oregon State.
The Rams began their 10th year in St. Louis at home, winning their home opener over the Arizona Cardinals 17–10. They then lost the next two games: to the eventual NFC South champion Atlanta Falcons 34–17, and to the New Orleans Saints at home 28–25 in overtime. The Rams got to 2–2 start on the season with a 24–14 road victory over the San Francisco 49ers. In Week 5, they defeated the Seattle Seahawks 33–27 on the road, as Bulger connected with Shaun McDonald for the 52-yard winning score in overtime. Next came a home win over Tampa Bay, 28–21 before a road loss to the hapless Miami Dolphins, 31–14. Following a Week 8 bye, the Rams lost to the defending champion Patriots at home 40–22. The Rams then downed the Seahawks 23–12 but then lost their next games on the road, losing to the Buffalo Bills 37–17 and to the eventual NFC North champion Green Bay Packers 45–17. The team rebounded with a 16–6 home win over the 49ers, but their playoff hopes continued to shrink with two more road losses, falling to the Carolina Panthers 20–7 and to the Cardinals 31–7. At 6–8, the Rams rallied for home wins against the Philadelphia Eagles (20–7) and the New York Jets (32–29 in overtime), snatching the NFC's #5 seed despite finishing with an 8–8 record.
For the Wild Card round, the Rams faced the Seahawks for the third time. The visiting Rams took the lead on a 17-yard Bulger touchdown pass to Cam Cleeland with just 2:11 left in regulation time and then held off the Seahawks on 4th and goal to earn a 27–20 victory. The Rams made NFL history by becoming the first team to go .500 (8–8) in the regular season and then win a playoff game. However, St. Louis was thrashed in the divisional round by the Atlanta Falcons 47–17.
2005–2015: Playoff drought.
During the 2005 NFL draft, the Rams used their first pick on offensive tackle Alex Barron from Florida State. The Rams started the 2005 season by losing on the road in Week 1 to the San Francisco 49ers, 28–25, but rebounded with a 17–12 road win over the Arizona Cardinals and former Rams quarterback Kurt Warner. The Rams won their Week 3 home opener against the Tennessee Titans 31–27 before dropping three straight games. In Week 5, Martz was diagnosed with an infection in his heart, and Joe Vitt was named interim head coach. In Vitt's first game at the helm, Bulger sprained an AC joint in a loss to the Indianapolis Colts. Replacement quarterback Jamie Martin then led the team to home victories against the New Orleans Saints (28–17) and Jacksonville Jaguars (24–21). After a Week 9 bye, Bulger returned but the Rams fell to the Seattle Seahawks 31–16. The Rams next lost a rematch to the Cardinals, with Bulger suffering another shoulder injury. Against the Houston Texans, Martin was knocked out of the game with a concussion, giving rookie Ryan Fitzpatrick his first playing time in the NFL. Fitzpatrick would become a long-time journeyman playing for teams like the Bills, Jets, Buccaneers, and Dolphins. The Rams won 33–27 in overtime on a 56-yard touchdown strike from Fitzpatrick to receiver Kevin Curtis. However, they lost their next four games. Martin and the Rams managed to end their disastrous season on a positive note, beating the Dallas Cowboys on the road in ESPN's final Sunday night game. Martz was fired at season's end.
Despite having a talent-laden roster, the Rams’ front-office dysfunction had traveled from California to Missouri. With team president John Shaw remaining in Los Angeles after the relocation, president of football operations Jay Zygmunt clashed with head coach Martz, including an incident in which Zygmunt prevented the ill Martz from phoning in a play to his offensive coordinator. Poor draft choices and mediocre records began to pile up for the once-budding dynasty as the post-Martz era found the Rams in chaos. Hoping to regain control within the franchise, the Rams hired former Dolphins offensive coordinator Scott Linehan as head coach on January 19, 2006. On January 24, Jim Haslett, the former head coach of the Saints, signed a three-year deal as defensive coordinator.
Following the 2007 season, Georgia Frontiere died on January 18, 2008, after having owned the team for 28 years. Ownership of the team passed to her son Dale “Chip” Rosenbloom and daughter Lucia Rodriguez. Rosenbloom was named the new Rams majority owner. Linehan was fired on September 29, 2008, after the team started the 0–4, and Haslett took over as interim head coach for the rest of the season. In late December, Shaw and Zygmunt both resigned and Billy Devaney was promoted to general manager.
Steve Spagnuolo was named head coach in January 2009. Spagnuolo had masterminded the Giants’ defensive scheme that shut down the previously undefeated New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLII. As the 2009 season began, conservative talk show host Rush Limbaugh put in an offer to buy the Rams, but his controversial televised comments about Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb in 2003 led the league to force Limbaugh to drop his plans. Despite his success with the Giants, Spagnuolo's first season as Rams head coach saw the team go 1–15, beginning with a shutout at the hands of the Seahawks. The team's lone victory came in Week 8 over the 2–14 Detroit Lions. However, Spagnuolo was not fired after this season, and from 2007 to 2009, the Rams lost 42 of 48 games.
2010: Stan Kroenke takes over.
On May 31, 2009, the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" reported that majority owners Rosenbloom and Rodriguez officially offered their majority share of Rams for sale. They retained the services of Goldman Sachs, a prominent investment banking firm, to help facilitate the sale of the Rams by evaluating bids and soliciting potential buyers. The sale price was unknown, but at the time "Forbes" estimated the team's value at $929 million. On the final day to do so, then-minority owner Stan Kroenke invoked his right of first refusal to buy the 60% of the team that he did not already own. The original intended buyer, Shahid Khan, would later acquire the Jaguars after the 2011 season. Pursuant to NFL rules, owners are prohibited from owning other sports teams in the same market. At the time of purchase, Kroenke, a real estate and sports mogul married to a Walmart heir (d/b/a Kroenke Sports Enterprises), owned the Denver Nuggets, the Colorado Avalanche, the Colorado Rapids, the Pepsi Center (home to the Nuggets and Avalanche) and Altitude Sports and Entertainment. These interests violated the NFL's cross-ownership rule. Nevertheless, on August 25, 2010, NFL owners unanimously approved Kroenke as the owner of the franchise contingent upon his eventual divestment of his Colorado sports interests. Kroenke complied with the rule when he transferred ownership of the Nuggets, the Avalanche, the Pepsi Center and the Altitude to his son Josh.
2010–14: Sam Bradford &amp; Jeff Fisher.
For having the NFL's worst record at 1–15 in 2009, the Rams earned the #1 overall pick in the 2010 NFL draft and used it to acquire University of Oklahoma quarterback Sam Bradford.
Bradford was the main focus of the 2010 offseason. In order to make room for the new quarterback, Keith Null and several other unproductive players were cut from the roster. The Rams lost their season opener against the Cardinals with Bradford throwing three interceptions, including one on the last play of the game. They recorded their first win by beating Washington and ending a 14-game home-losing streak in Week 3. In Week 4, the Rams ended a 10-game losing streak against Seattle, 20–3. After being trounced 44–6 by Detroit, they returned home in Week 6 to beat San Diego 20–17. Bradford continued to show promise through the season despite struggling from his inexperience. Despite a 7–8 record, the Rams had a chance to win the NFC West when they traveled to 6–9 Seattle for a prime-time matchup. However, the Seahawks won the game and the division, 16–6. Bradford went on to win the 2010 Offensive Rookie of the Year award.
The 2011 season started disastrously, with the Rams opening 0–6, finally winning in an improbable victory over the Saints in Week 8. The team finished 2–14, with their only other win being a Week 10 victory over Cleveland. Bradford missed half the season with an ankle injury, and the Rams’ offense was rated the worst in the league.
At the conclusion of a poor 2011, Spagnuolo and nearly all of the coaching staff were fired except offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels, who was asked by the New England Patriots to return during the playoffs (he had been an assistant coach there prior to his disastrous stint as Denver Broncos head coach in 2009). The Rams then hired head coach Jeff Fisher, who had led the Tennessee Titans in their Super Bowl XXXIV loss to the Rams 12 years earlier. Fisher would then influence the hiring of new general manager Les Snead and an all-new coaching staff including offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer and defensive coordinator Gregg Williams. Williams was eventually suspended for the entire 2012 season for his part in the Saints bounty scandal.
Despite the 2011 fiasco, the Rams continued with their plans to rebuild the team around Bradford and convinced the Redskins to give up two first-round draft picks and one second-round draft pick in exchange for the Rams’ #2 overall pick. This moved the Rams down to the #6 pick in the 2012 NFL draft, which they in turn traded to Dallas, but were left with an abundance of others for future use. Following the draft, they signed undrafted Oregon State punter Johnny Hekker, who would become a Pro Bowl-caliber player.
The Rams started 2012 with low hopes, but the draft trade with Washington confirmed Bradford would be their quarterback of the future. The team then surprised some by starting off 3–2, their first winning record since 2006. They then lost three straight, but rebounded with a solid 4–4–1 finish, including a 24–24 road tie with eventual NFC champion San Francisco, to finish 7–8–1, a five-game improvement over 2011 and an impressive 4–1–1 record in the very competitive NFC West.
In 2013, the Rams finished with a 7–9 record. In the 2014 season, their 20th in St. Louis, the team would again miss the playoffs with a 6–10 record. Bradford missed the entire 2014 season with an injury, allowing Shaun Hill and Austin Davis opportunities at quarterback.
2015: Nick Foles and the final season in St. Louis.
On March 10, 2015, the Rams were involved in a rare trade of starting quarterbacks as they traded Bradford along with a fifth-round pick in 2015 to the Philadelphia Eagles in exchange for the Eagles' Nick Foles along with a fourth-round pick in 2015 and a second-round pick in 2016. Foles had a 14–4 record as starter and a TD–INT ratio of 46–17, while Bradford had an 18–30–1 record. On the day of the 2015 draft the Rams traded Zac Stacy, the Rams’ 2013 rushing leader, for a seventh-round pick to the Jets.
The Rams opened their 2015 season at home against Seattle. In Foles’ Rams debut, he threw for 297 yards and a touchdown. Following the dramatic win, Foles struggled against his former divisional rival, the Redskins as the Rams lost 24–10. Foles' accuracy improved the following week but he threw no touchdowns and his first interception as a Ram against the Steelers, dropping the team to 1–2. Following the two losses Foles bounced back, handing the unbeaten Cardinals their first loss of the season. After that game, Foles’ problems with turnovers from 2014 started to show, as he completed 11 passes out of 30 for 141 yards, 1 touchdown, and a career-high 4 interceptions against the Green Bay Packers. On November 16, Foles was benched in favor of Case Keenum, who would start the remainder of the season.
Todd Gurley's arrival.
Leading the team through their turbulence was rookie running back Todd Gurley. Gurley was drafted 10th overall in the 2015 NFL draft. Gurley, who tore his ACL in November 2014, saw his rehabilitation go ahead of schedule and during the team's preseason, while he did not play, he practiced without pads on. Soon after, Gurley was medically cleared for full contact by St. Louis team physicians. On September 27, 2015, he made his NFL debut against the Pittsburgh Steelers. He was eased into action and finished the game with 6 rushes for 9 yards. The following week, the Rams visited undefeated Arizona for an NFC west divisional matchup. Again Gurley started slow with just 2 yards at halftime, but rushed for 144 yards in the second half as the Rams edged the Cardinals 24–22. The next three games against the Packers, Browns, and 49ers would see Gurley rush for at least 128 rushing yards per game. He scored his first NFL touchdown on October 25, 2015, against the Cleveland Browns. With 566 yards in his first four NFL starts, Gurley became the most prolific rusher in his first four NFL games since the AFL–NFL merger. In Week 15, Gurley became the third rookie in Rams history to rush for 1,000 yards in a season after Jerome Bettis and Eric Dickerson in the Rams 31–23 victory over the Buccaneers. and in their 23–17 victory over the Seattle Seahawks and becoming the second Rams rookie to rush for 1,000 yards and 10 touchdowns since Eric Dickerson in 1983.
The Rams played their final home game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, on December 17, 2015. While the Edward Jones Dome was not at sell out capacity, a sizeable group of Rams fans attended the game, holding signs that read “Keep the Rams in St. Louis.” Enthusiastic chants of “Keep the Rams” and “Kroenke Sucks” were heard during and after the game. Despite offensive production from Tampa Bay, the Rams still managed a 31–23 victory with Case Keenum throwing for 234 yards and 2 touchdowns, Todd Gurley rushing 48 yards, Tavon Austin rushing 32 yards and a touchdown, Kenny Britt receiving for 71 yards and 1 touchdown, and Jared Cook receiving for 64 yards. The Rams offense dominated this game as well the defense also put pressure on the Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston.
On December 22, 2015, Todd Gurley, along with fellow Rams players Aaron Donald and Johnny Hekker were selected to be part of the 2016 Pro Bowl. Gurley was one of three rookies to be selected to the Pro Bowl, along with Chiefs cornerback Marcus Peters and Seahawks wide receiver and kick returner Tyler Lockett.
The Rams concluded their season with two road games in the West, winning 23–17 against the Seahawks and losing 19–16 in overtime against the 49ers. Overall, the team finished their final season in St. Louis with a 7–9 record.
Stadium problems; return to Los Angeles.
Stadium issues in St. Louis.
The Rams and the St. Louis CVC began negotiating a deal to get the Rams’ home stadium, the Edward Jones Dome, into the top 25 percent of stadiums in the league (i.e., top eight of 32 NFL teams, in reference to luxury boxes, amenities and overall fan experience). Under the terms of the lease agreement, the St. Louis CVC was required to make modifications to the Edward Jones Dome in 2005. However, then-owner Georgia Frontiere waived this provision, in exchange for cash that served as a penalty for the city's noncompliance. The City of St. Louis, in subsequent years, did make changes to the scoreboard and increased the natural lighting by replacing panels with windows, although the overall feel remained dark. The minor renovations which totaled about $70 million did not bring the stadium within the specifications required under the lease agreement, thus keeping the Dome in a state of uncertainty.
On February 1, 2013, a three-panel arbitrator selected to preside over the arbitration process found that the Edward Jones Dome was not in the top 25 percent of all NFL venues, as required under the terms of the lease agreement between the Rams and the CVC. The arbitrator further found that the estimated $700 million in proposed renovations by the Rams was not unreasonable, given the terms of the lease agreement. Finally, the City of St. Louis was ordered to pay the Rams’ attorney fees which totaled a reported $2 million.
Publicly, no interest was expressed by city, county and state officials in providing further funding to the Edward Jones Dome, in light of those entities (and taxpayers) continuing to owe approximately $300 million on the facility. A resolution was not reached by the end of the 2014 NFL season; therefore, with the City of St. Louis remaining in non-compliance with its obligations under the lease agreement, the Rams were free to nullify the lease and change to a year-to-year lease. Months later, the Rams scheduled a game to be played in London, violating the Edward Jones Dome's terms of lease.
National Car Rental Field proposal.
In an effort to try to keep the team in St. Louis, a multipurpose stadium, National Car Rental Field, was proposed in 2015, estimated to cost $1.1 billion. The initial proposal called for the stadium to be paid for by a combination of $250 million from Rams, a $200 million loan from the NFL, $130 million from personal seat license sales, $55 million in tax credits and other public incentives, $350 million from extending the state bonds originally issued for the construction of the Edward Jones Dome.
On January 9, 2016, the NFL distributed a report to team owners calling the St. Louis stadium plan "unsatisfactory and inadequate" to keep the Rams in St. Louis.
Kroenke purchase of land for L.A. stadium.
On January 31, 2014, both the "Los Angeles Times" and the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" reported that Rams owner Stan Kroenke purchased approximately of land adjacent to the Forum in Inglewood, California for a purchase price rumored to be between $90 million and $100 million. Commissioner Roger Goodell represented that Mr. Kroenke informed the league of the purchase. As an NFL owner, any purchase of land in which a potential stadium could be built must be disclosed to the league. Kroenke subsequently announced plans to build an NFL stadium on the site, in connection with the owners of the adjacent Hollywood Park site, Stockbridge Capital Group. This development further fueled rumors that the Rams intended to return its management and football operations to Southern California. The land had been originally intended for a Walmart Supercenter, but Walmart could not get the necessary permits to build it. Kroenke is married to Ann Walton Kroenke, who is a member of the Walton family, and many of Kroenke's real estate deals have involved Walmart properties.
On January 5, 2015, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that Stan Kroenke and Stockbridge Capital Group were partnering up to develop a new NFL stadium on the Inglewood property owned by Kroenke. The project includes a stadium of 80,000 seats, and a performance venue of 6,000 seats, while reconfiguring the previously approved Hollywood Park plan for up to of retail, of office space, 2,500 new residential units, a 300-room hotel and of public parks, playgrounds, open space and pedestrian and bicycle access. The stadium was projected to be ready by 2018. In lieu of this, St. Louis countered with a stadium plan for the north riverfront area of downtown, with the hope of keeping the Rams in the city.
On February 24, 2015, the Inglewood City Council approved the stadium plan and the initiative, and construction began on the new stadium on December 21, 2015, on the former Hollywood Park site.
Filing for relocation; Houston meetings.
On January 4, 2016, the St. Louis Rams filed for relocation to move to the Los Angeles area for the 2016 NFL season. They were among three teams (the others being the Oakland Raiders and San Diego Chargers) that had filed for relocation to Los Angeles. All three franchises had previously played in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. Weeks later, the NFL owners gathered in Houston for a meeting on January 12 to decide which teams, if any, would win relocation rights to Los Angeles.
A few days before the scheduled owners meeting, Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones suggested that the Rams and Chargers share Stan Kroenke's Los Angeles Entertainment Center. This suggestion was taken as a possible option discussed in the Houston meetings. During the Los Angeles meeting, the Committee on Los Angeles Opportunities, which consists of six NFL owners, favored the Carson project over the Rams’ Inglewood project. However, in the first round of voting, the Inglewood proposal got the greater number of votes (21) while the Carson project received far fewer (11). This, however, did not meet the required threshold of 24 votes. In the second round of voting, the Inglewood proposal got 20 votes while the Carson proposal got 12. After hours of trying to reach a compromise, the Rams succeeded and announced their relocation to Los Angeles, effectively ending the team's 21-year tenure in St. Louis.
The Chargers organization was given the first option to join the Rams after a year (if they failed to reach a new stadium deal with the city of San Diego); the Chargers exercised this option on January 12, 2017, making Los Angeles home to two NFL franchises again. (Had the Chargers declined to exercise this option, then the Raiders would have had this option.) The Raiders eventually relocated to Las Vegas, Nevada, after 25 years back in Oakland. The Rams were the second team to relocate to a previous home city (after the Raiders, who left Oakland after the 1981 season and moved back in time for the 1995 season).
Aftermath in St. Louis.
St. Louis lost two of its NFL teams to cities in the Western United States (Los Angeles and Phoenix). In 2017, the city filed a lawsuit regarding the loss of the Rams, stating issues like the continued payments on the Edward Jones Dome, the breach on contract, and the failure to release financial files. The lawsuit was settled in 2021 for $790 million.
Stan Kroenke became extremely unpopular in St. Louis after the Rams left, with the move being seen as a betrayal of his home state. Two other teams owned by Kroenke Sports and Entertainment, the Colorado Avalanche and Colorado Rapids, are in the same division or conference as the St. Louis Blues and St. Louis City SC and it is not uncommon to hear fans chant "Kroenke Sucks" or "Fuck You, Kroenke" at St. Louis sporting events such as St. Louis BattleHawks games or when the Avalanche and Rapids visit St. Louis. During the 2022 Stanley Cup Finals, then Tampa Bay Lightning player and St. Louis native Patrick Maroon stated that part of his motivation for wanting to beat the Avalanche was to get back at Kroenke for moving the Rams.
In 2020, St. Louis was one of the cities to receive a football team from the rebranded XFL, dubbed the St. Louis BattleHawks. They played several games in The Dome at America's Center, and notably led the league in fan attendance.
As of the 2025 NFL season, offensive tackle Rob Havenstein is the last remaining player on the Rams who played in St. Louis following the retirement of longtime defensive tackle Aaron Donald. The other remaining former St. Louis Rams players still active are Greg Zuerlein, Johnny Hekker, and Case Keenum.
Notable players.
Retired numbers.
Numbers of players who played in St. Louis that have been retired by the Rams:

</doc>
<doc id="6999685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999685" title="Bajaus">
Bajaus



</doc>
<doc id="6999687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999687" title="Robert R. Blacker House">
Robert R. Blacker House

The Robert Roe Blacker House, often referred to as the Blacker House or Robert R. Blacker House, is a residence in Pasadena, California, United States, which is now on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1907 for Robert Roe Blacker and Nellie Canfield Blacker. It was designed by Henry and Charles Greene of the renowned Pasadena firm of Greene and Greene. This house was a lavish project for the Greene brothers, costing in excess of US$100,000.00 ($ today). Everything for the house was custom designed, down to the teak escutcheon plates of the upstairs mahogany panel doors to the linen closets with their ebony cloud adorned keys.
Robert &amp; Nellie Canfield Blacker.
Robert R. Blacker (1845–1931) was a retired Michigan lumberman. Nellie Canfield Blacker was the daughter of John Canfield, owner-operator of Canfield &amp; Wheeler, a lumber mill based in Manistee, Michigan. Blacker was a member of several lumbering firms in Manistee, including R.R. Blacker &amp; Company; Davies, Blacker &amp; Company and the State Lumber Company. Among other interests, he was also president of the Michigan Steamship Company, original owners of the ill-fated "SS Eastland".
Robert Blacker preceded his wife in death in 1931. Upon Nellie's death in 1946, the property went into probate as the Blackers did not identify any heirs. In her Last Will and Testament, Nellie specified the house, land, and its furnishings were to be sold as a whole and not parceled off.
Unfortunately, the representative of Nellie Blacker's estate decided to maximize the value of the assets instead. As a result, the estate was sold without its furnishings, then subdivided by the purchaser into smaller parcels, destroying the gardens in the process. The main residence ended up on just . The garage became a separate residence, as did the caretaker's cottage. The remainder of the gardens were subdivided into separate lots.
More notable, though, was the infamous "yard sale" conducted shortly after the sale in probate where the furnishing were sold off, in a yard sale fashion. Furniture built for the Blacker House is now in museums and in the hands of wealthy collectors and Hollywood luminaries. One family, the Andersons, lived down the street and were able to buy a large lot of furniture. In 1990, an Anderson family member offered the then-owners of the Blacker House the ability to purchase the breakfast room table for the remarkable sum of $390,000.00; the table was later sold at auction for approximately $70,000. On 19 June 2007, the following Greene and Greene items; living room chair, bedroom chair, and bedroom andirons were sold at Sotheby's fetching prices, including Buyer's premium and New York sales tax, of $913,600, $396,000, and $66,000 respectively.
Partial dismantling.
The house was purchased by Mr. and Mrs. Max Hill in the 1950s. In 1985, recently widowed, Mrs. Hill sold the property to Barton English, a Princeton graduate and rancher from Texas, and Michael Carey, a prominent dealer of Arts and Crafts era antiques from New York City. Shortly after the close of escrow, Mr. English hired a well known local antique dealer to remove more than forty-eight original lighting fixtures for him. Later, he also removed some of the leaded art glass doors, windows, and transom panels, after commissioning a well known local studio to produce exact reproductions of the doors and windows that were to be removed. Many of the original pieces were sold on the art market. This incident has been referred to as the "Rape of the Blacker House".
National media attention to this sequence of events was facilitated through the efforts of Pasadena Heritage executive director Claire Bogaard. Articles appeared in the "Los Angeles Times", "The Washington Post" and "The New York Times". Pasadena enacted an emergency ordinance, known as the Blacker Ordinance, which attempted to limit the ability of people owning homes designed by Greene and Greene to dismantle or otherwise destroy artifacts therein. Although not a direct prohibition, the ordinance delayed for up to one year any changes or alterations, subject to review of a committee of the Planning Commission. Conservation-minded citizens guarded the Blacker house day and night to keep further fixtures from being removed.
Several of the chandeliers sold for approximately $250,000 and many of the lamps fetched $100,000 each. As Mr. English paid only $1 million for the home, he quickly recouped his investment on the sale of the fixtures. He sold the home in 1988, for $1.2 million, having never lived in it.
Restoration.
When the home was offered for sale in 1994 it was purchased by Harvey and Ellen Knell. At the time the couple were in escrow on another Greene and Greene house, however, they backed out of that purchase in order to obtain the Blacker house.
The Knells worked with Randall Makinson, a restoration architect with a specialty in Greene and Greene, and James Ipekjian, a master craftsman, along with an entire team of like minded mastercraftsmen that were specialists in their fields. The building was restored inside and out. Ipekjian was responsible for re-creating the wood work of the lamps and other fixtures; he even traveled to see one of the original pieces in order to make a correct copy. The house was entirely re-wired and re-plumbed, the structure upgraded to withstand earthquakes, and discreet ventilation ducts were installed. Every shingle was removed and either restored or replaced, all timbers were stripped and refinished, and nearly all the tail rafters cantilevering beyond the roof line needed to be replaced. After four years of restoration, a benefit dinner hosted by actor Brad Pitt celebrated the completion of the project.
In popular culture.
In the movie "Back to the Future", interior shots of Dr. Brown's house were taken inside the Blacker House; the exterior shots were of the Blacker House's "smaller brother", the Gamble House.
It is briefly seen in the 2005 film "Rumor Has It".

</doc>
<doc id="6999689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999689" title="Bruce Reid Ferguson">
Bruce Reid Ferguson



</doc>
<doc id="6999691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999691" title="Phase 1 Environmental Site Assessment">
Phase 1 Environmental Site Assessment



</doc>
<doc id="6999692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999692" title="Tycroes">
Tycroes

Tycroes () is a village in Carmarthenshire, Wales. As measured in the 2011 Census, the population of Tycroes electoral ward was 2,438 persons (50.5% male, 49.5% female).
At the 2011 Census all the population was counted in Llanedi community. The built-up area with Capel Hendre had a population of 3,752.
The village forms the westernmost fringe of the Amman valley and rests mainly on the anthracite coal measures, part of the South Wales coalfield. It straddles the A483 Swansea to Manchester Trunk road and has a linear village structure, having developed substantially along roads which meet at the centre of the village. The trunk road is in the main artery from north to south of the country and is connected to the M4 motorway network which affords transportation from mainland Europe to Ireland. The rail link at nearby Pantyffynnon contributes a daily service to Swansea, Llanelli and Shrewsbury.
Topographically, the village slopes in a general south west to north east direction thus affording panoramic views of the Black Mountain in the east with its peaks - Tair Cairn 482 m, Garreg Lwyd 616 m and behind them Fan Hir 802 m. To the south there are views from Betws Mountain to Mynydd y Gwair above Garnswllt. To the north there is the limestone ridge from Llandybie to Upper Tumble.
The Fferws brook which flows from the west to the east divides the local authority administrative areas between Llanedi and Llandybie Community Councils. The name Fferws is possibly derived from the fact that the river flows over mineral rocks which contain iron ore (ferrous being the chemical name for iron). Others say it derives from a delightful house that once stood on its banks - "fairhouse".
History.
Pre-nineteenth century the area was sparsely populated owing to the agricultural land being poor of quality. The best land was found to be along the banks of the River Loughor where two properties of notable character stood. 
The first is Plas Mawr also known Plas Llanedy and Cwrt y Ceidrim. The main portion of the house dates from the 16th century. This was the seat of the Penry family and their descendants, Jones. William Penry and his son Henry were High Sheriffs in 1736 and 1756 respectively. The Penry family descended from Bleddyn ap Maenarch and were at Cwrt y Ceidrim in the Elizabethan era. 
In 1876, Plas Mawr Estate nearly was offered for sale. Later the Buckley family acquired it and in 1921 they offered for sale the freehold farm .
A field belonging to the farm was called Ynys y Capel and, according to tradition, a chapel had once stood there; another tradition states that a 'tunnel' connected the mansion to Carreg Cennen Castle. It is also rumoured that Oliver Cromwell rested there during his campaign in the principality during the Second English Civil War in Wales.
Today Plas Mawr has now been restored and is the family home of the Wiley and Waters family.
The other property is Erw Wasted located three-quarters of a mile from Plas Mawr. This was the home of the Price family from the 17th century. Francis Price was the High Sheriff in 1723. Later in the 18th century the price family moved to Plas Newydd in Llanedy.
The village owes its existence to the development of the coal mining industry during the 19th century. A few shallow shafts and drift was constructed to the rear of Bethesda Chapel at Mynydd Bach. Mynydd Bach was the former name for the village or hamlet. A tramway ran from the mine along Pontardulais road, part of Tycroes road and Heol Brown to the Brown Colliery at Waun y Wernos beyond Heol Brown and then to the sidings of the old Wernos Colliery.
The placename "Tycroes" is derived from the cottage or house (Ty) that stood at the crossroads, which is now the village square. In 1900 the village consisted of less than 100 homes but today there are about 800. The population at the turn of the century was approximately 400 and today is 2,122.
Since 1965 and especially during the house building boom of the early 70s, housing development erupted spreading its wings in all directions and this changed the face of the village. Frontage development took place along the existing roads and private housing estates at Penygarn Road, Pontardulais Road and the lower end of Tycroes Road. This trend reflects Tycroes's attractive situation.
Mining is no longer a major source of employment. Local employment opportunities are varied and limited but is improving with the continued extension of factory units at nearby Capel Hendre and Cross Hands Industrial estates.
Education.
From 1863 till 1904, primary education was provided at the local Church School, which is today used as the Church Hall. In 1904 the present county Primary School was built and was then known as the Board school.
It is now known as Ysgol Tycroes, it is a mixed gender school, and only teaches in English, though Welsh is taught in the curriculum and spoken widely.
Places of worship.
There were no places of worship in the village pre-1870 and people had to walk either to St. Edith's Church in Llanedi or the chapels in Ammanford (then known as Cross Inn) or to Capel Hendre and Saron. It was in 1876 that the first chapels were built; Moriah (Congregational) was the 'daughter' of Christian Temple Ammanford and Caersalem (Calvinistic Methodist) was the 'daughter' of Capel Hendre. Then at the earlier part of this century Bethesda (Baptist) was built in 1913 and building work commenced at St. Edmund's Church on 29 January 1914. Later in 1932 the Neuadd Efengylu, locally known as the Mission Hall or Gospel Hall, was opened.
Governance.
A separate electoral ward in the same name still exists. The population of this ward at the 2011 Census was 2,438.
Facilities.
There are good facilities available at the village hall, church hall, and the Scout's hall for the social, cultural, community events and other functions. The Senior Citizens Association, St. Johns Ambulance Brigade, Local Charities Committee, Ysgol Feithrin are some of the institutions which are accommodated at these halls, not forgetting the Mobile Library which visits every Thursday between 9:30-12:30 at Pant y boblen car park. The village hall was originally built as a Billiards hall. It was later sold to the 'Urdd Gobaith Cymru' who later sold it to the Miners Welfare Association - and is today the village hall.
The rugby union club at Penygarn Road provides good recreational facilities for both children, youth and senior players and, over the years, has produced some fine rugby players who were honoured to represent their country. The rugby club Also provides the village with great entertainment including the now established annual music event Party on the Pitch.
Lately a football pitch has been provided by the County Council at Heol Brown where the public park is also located.
Tycroes RFC is also the host of the annual family fun day and musical event Party on the Pitch. Organised and run by a volunteer committee the event hosted 3,000 people in 2010. The event has welcomed 80's star Chesney Hawkes, 60's chart toppers the Animals and Spencer Davis and X Factor finalist Lucie Jones in recent years.

</doc>
<doc id="6999695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999695" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Matamoros-Reynosa">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Matamoros-Reynosa

The Diocese of Matamoros-Reynosa () is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in the northeast part of the Mexican state of Tamaulipas, along the border with Texas, United States. The diocese is a suffragan in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Monterrey.
History.
When the first Catholic missionaries, de Silva and Puellea, arrived in 1793, this region was under the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Diocese of Linares. However, beginning with the first bishop, Fray Antonio de Jesús Sacedón, all bishops had resided in Monterrey (but the name of the diocese, after 1891 Archdiocese, was changed in Monterrey only in 1922).
With the papal bull "Ad futuram rei memoriam", Pius IX created the Apostolic Vicariate of Tamaulipas, on August 13, 1861, under the pastoral care of Francisco de la Concepción Ramírez.
Less than a decade later on March 12, 1870, Pius IX promulgated Papal Bull "Apostolicam in universas", thereby elevating the Vicariate to diocese with its seat in Ciudad Victoria. Appointed as the first bishop of Tamaulipas was Mons. Ignacio Montes de Oca y Obregón, who had been the personal chaplain to Emperor Maximilian.
In 1922, the episcopal seat was moved by Bishop Jose Guadalupe Ortiz y López from the state capital Ciudad Victoria to Tampico, which had grown to become the largest city in the state. Tampico, located in the far southeast corner of the state, had become Tamaulipas's economic center due to its port, trade and the discovery of oil.
Diocese of Matamoros.
In 1958, Tamaulipas was divided into two dioceses: Matamoros and Tampico.
With the advent of extensive irrigation, prosperity and population growth came to northern Tamaulipas. On February 16, 1958, Pius XII promulgated Papal Bull "Haud inani", creating a new diocese, extending from San Fernando to Nuevo Laredo, with its seat in Matamoros. The parish church of Our Lady of Refuge became the cathedral. Pope John XXIII named the first bishop of the new diocese: Mons. Estanislao Alcaraz y Figueroa. Mons. Alcaraz was consecrated bishop on April 12, 1959.
The diocese was renamed the Diocese of Matamoros-Reynosa, to include a specific reference to the city of Reynosa, in July 2024.
Bishops.
Pope John XXIII chose the first Bishop of Matamoros, Dr. Estanislao Alcaraz y Figueroa, on January 20, 1959. He was consecrated April 12, 1959, in the Cathedral of Our Lady of Refuge. In March 1968, Bishop Alcaráz was named Bishop of San Luis Potosí.
Pope Paul VI chose Dr. Sabás Magaña García as successor on December 30, 1968, receiving consecration in Rome on January 6, 1969. Rev. Magaña served as Bishop of Matamoros for over 21 years, until his death, November 7, 1990.
In June 1992, Pope John Paul II chose Rev. Francisco Javier Chavolla Ramos to succeed Bishop Magaña. Bishop Chavolla headed the Diocese of Matamoros until February 2004, when he was named Bishop of Toluca.
In December 2004, John Paul II, named Mons. Faustino Armendáriz Jiménez 4th Bishop of Matamoros. After receiving episcopal ordination, he took possession of the Diocese on February 23, 2005. Named Bishop of Querétaro on 20 April 2011.
In July 2011 appointed by pope Benedict XVI.
In September 2016 appointed by pope Francis.

</doc>
<doc id="6999696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999696" title="Liam Messam">
Liam Messam

Liam Justin Messam (born 25 March 1984) is a retired New Zealand rugby union player who played in the TOP14 for RC Toulonnais. In Super Rugby, he previously played for the , and for Waikato in the ITM Cup. Messam predominantly plays as a blindside flanker but can fill in at Number 8 as well as openside flanker. After the retirement of then Chiefs captain Mils Muliaina, Messam was named the team's new co-captain from 2012 onwards, alongside Aaron Cruden.
He is also a professional boxer.
Rugby career.
National team.
In October 2008, Messam was selected in New Zealand's end of year tour squad to tour Hong Kong and Europe. He played one test against Scotland and one match against Munster. He subsequently appeared several more times for New Zealand but was dropped a month out of the 2011 Rugby World Cup in favour of Victor Vito. Since his debut in 2008 he won 40 test caps for the All Blacks.
In 2004, at the age of just 20, he captained the New Zealand sevens team to its fifth IRB Sevens World Series title and in 2005 led the team to the final. Messam also played in the New Zealand sevens teams that won gold at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and 2010 Commonwealth Games. In 2004 he was also named New Zealand Sevens Player of the Year.
2015–present.
Messam was selected for the 2015 Rugby World Cup as part of the All Blacks' 31-man squad. After the tournament was finished, Messam announced his intention to compete in rugby sevens for the Rio Olympics 2016. Messam was later named in the All Black Sevens' squad for the Wellington Sevens alongside All Blacks teammate, Sonny Bill Williams. After the Rio Olympics 2016, Messam played for the Chiefs in 2012 Super Rugby season, when injuries greatly affected the loose forward's positions.
Leading of the Haka.
Of the 43 tests he played in Messam was the haka leader in 21 of them. He led the Ka Mate version of the haka nine times; as well as the newer Kapa o Pango haka, twelve times (the third highest number led).
Professional boxing career.
Messam made his professional boxing debut in January 2015 against Rhys Sullivan on a Sonny Bill Williams undercard. Messam won the fight by unanimous decision. Messam returned to the ring six years later to fight in a professional fight for charity to raise funds for Tauranga 8-year-old Antonio Pohatu-Barbarich who is being treated for brain cancer. Messam took on Joe Ageli in his return fight in April 2021, winning by unanimous decision. Since returning to professional boxing, he has started training with Hit Fitness HQ under retired professional boxing, Cairo George. In the same camp is Olympic Bronze medalist David Nyika. Messam returned one year later in New Plymouth, taking on Thomas Russell. Messam won his third professional fight by unanimous decision. After a charity fight under Fight for Life, Messam returned to the professional ring in July 2022 against Tussi Asafo. Messam won his first win by stoppage. In December, Messam finished his 2022 boxing year by taking on Mathew Matich. Messam won the fight by Unanimous Decision.
Personal life.
Messam's brother, Sam Messam, played in the All Whites side at the 2008 London Olympics.
Throughout his professional athlete career, Messam developed a preference for natural alternative health options to relieve both physical pain and mental challenges high-profile athletes experience. After witnessing the detrimental effect conventional pain relief and mental health medication has on close friends and family, Messam founded Ora CBD alongside Teddy Stanaway in 2020.
Maori.
Of Māori descent, Messam affiliates to the Ngāi Tūhoe iwi. Messam has stated that he also has Samoan and Scottish heritage. He has played for the New Zealand Maori, including during the 2006 Churchill Cup and the 2010 centenary series, where he captained the side. In 2012 and 2013 Messam was awarded the Tom French Cup as Māori Player of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="6999697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999697" title="Minot Park District">
Minot Park District

The Minot Park District is the unit of the Minot, North Dakota municipal government responsible for maintaining city parks. The District is managed by a board of five directors elected by city voters to four year terms.
The district also serves as the local forestry service, trimming and planting trees across the city. Through its efforts, Minot became a Tree City USA in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="6999702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999702" title="Bahasa Kadazandusun">
Bahasa Kadazandusun



</doc>
<doc id="6999704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999704" title="Suluks">
Suluks



</doc>
<doc id="6999705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999705" title="The Atlantic Council of the United States">
The Atlantic Council of the United States



</doc>
<doc id="6999706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999706" title="Burbank potato">
Burbank potato



</doc>
<doc id="6999708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999708" title="Gill Deacon">
Gill Deacon

Gillian "Gill" Deacon (born April 26, 1966, in Toronto, Ontario; name is pronounced "Jill") is a Canadian author and broadcaster, best known as a former host of "Here and Now" on CBLA-FM in Toronto. In 2016, she was also the moderator of the national "Canada Reads".
Biography.
Before working in radio, Gillian Deacon was a television broadcaster. She hosted the CBC's flagship daytime television show called "The Gill Deacon Show" on CBC Television in Canada, from 2006 to 2007. Her past TV hosting credits include co-hosting with Jay Ingram from 1996 to 2002 on Discovery Channel Canada's "@discovery.ca", as well as CBC Television's "Code Green".
Deacon has also worked as a television host for CBC Montreal and CTV. In Montreal, she spent four years hosting and writing for "Citybeat", a national half-hour program showcasing Quebec arts and culture. During that time, she was also a weekly arts correspondent for "" on CBC Newsworld.
Deacon is well known for her interest in environmental issues. Her first book, "Green for Life" (Penguin, 2008), a book of common-sense alternatives and practical solutions for leaving a smaller ecological footprint, was a national bestseller. From 2008 to 2009, she wrote a monthly greening column of the same name for "Chatelaine".
Her second book, "There's Lead in Your Lipstick: Toxins in Our Everyday Bodycare and How to Avoid Them" (Penguin, 2011), was also a national bestseller and an Amazon Top 100 book, and spent several weeks on "The Globe and Mail" bestseller list. Deacon's books have led her to work actively as a public speaker, providing presentations for companies and organizations looking to broaden their awareness and commitment to sustainability.
Before establishing her career in journalism, she taught elementary school children with learning disabilities, guided bicycle tours in Europe and New Zealand, and was the lead singer for the band Bag of Hammers, with Kevin Fox. She is married to Grant Gordon, who founded Key Gordon Communications Inc., an advertising and design firm that works for only ethical and green products, causes and companies.
Deacon is a two-time survivor of breast cancer; her first occurrence was in 2009, and she had a recurrence in August 2018. She underwent surgery and chemotherapy after each occurrence. After her second remission, she returned to broadcasting on the CBC in September 2019.
Beginning in December 2022, Deacon began a medical leave of absence from the CBC, and the "Here and Now" radio program, due to the effects of long COVID. In September 2024 she announced that while her health has recovered, she has chosen to step down from full-time daily hosting, and instead will transition into other roles with the CBC, including podcasting and occasional fill-in hosting, while she writes a book.

</doc>
<doc id="6999716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999716" title="A. L. Barker">
A. L. Barker

Audrey Lilian Barker FRSL (13 April 1918 – 21 February 2002) was an English novelist and short-story writer.
Biography.
She was born in St Pauls Cray, Kent, and brought up in Beckenham. She was an only child. When Barker turned 16, her father sent her to work at a clockmaking firm, as he did not approve of her seeking further education. She worked in the editorial office of Amalgamated Press, as a publisher's reader for the Cresset Press, and at the BBC as a subeditor.
During her lifetime, Barker published ten collections of short stories and eleven novels, one of which – "John Brown's Body" – was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1970. She was also the winner of the inaugural Somerset Maugham Prize in 1947, with her collection of short stories called "Innocents". In 1962, she won the Cheltenham Literary Festival award. Barker was also elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 1970.
Barker's work often included themes such as love, good vs. evil, youth vs. experience, and explored children as both the catalyst and victims of events. While not commercially successful during her lifetime, her writing has been well regarded by the literary critics and other authors over time. Rebecca West quote: "I am a fanatical admirer of A. L. Barker. If you cannot read her it is your fault. You should ask your vet to put you down if you do not admire "The Middling" or "An Occasion for Embarrassment"". 
Gerald Murnane's novel "Inland" refers to Barker's 1981 book "Life Stories".
In 1992, the BBC Radio produced dramatic readings for five of Barker's stories.

</doc>
<doc id="6999719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999719" title="Atlantic Council of the United States">
Atlantic Council of the United States



</doc>
<doc id="6999721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999721" title="Americans For a Republican Majority">
Americans For a Republican Majority



</doc>
<doc id="6999722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999722" title="Traffic barrier">
Traffic barrier

Traffic barriers (known in North America as guardrails or guard rails, in Britain as crash barriers, and in auto racing as Armco barriers) keep vehicles within their roadway and prevent them from colliding with dangerous obstacles such as boulders, sign supports, trees, bridge abutments, buildings, walls, and large storm drains, or from traversing steep (non-recoverable) slopes or entering deep water. They are also installed within medians of divided highways to prevent errant vehicles from entering the opposing carriageway of traffic and help to reduce head-on collisions. Some of these barriers, designed to be struck from either side, are called median barriers. Traffic barriers can also be used to protect vulnerable areas like school yards, pedestrian zones, and fuel tanks from errant vehicles. In pedestrian zones, like school yards, they also prevent children or other pedestrians from running onto the road. 
While barriers are normally designed to minimize injury to vehicle occupants, injuries do occur in collisions with traffic barriers. They should only be installed where a collision with the barrier is likely to be less severe than a collision with the hazard behind it. Where possible, it is preferable to remove, relocate or modify a hazard, rather than shield it with a barrier. 
To make sure they are safe and effective, traffic barriers undergo extensive simulated and full scale crash testing before they are approved for general use. While crash testing cannot replicate every potential manner of impact, testing programs are designed to determine the performance limits of traffic barriers and provide an adequate level of protection to road users.
Need and placement.
Roadside hazards must be assessed for the danger they pose to traveling motorists based on size, shape, rigidity, and distance from the edge of travelway. For instance, small roadside signs and some large signs (ground-mounted breakaway post) often do not merit roadside protection as the barrier itself may pose a greater threat to general health and well-being of the public than the obstacle it intends to protect. In many regions of the world, the concept of clear zone is taken into account when examining the distance of an obstacle or hazard from the edge of travelway.
Clear zone, also known as clear recovery area or horizontal clearance is defined (through study) as a lateral distance in which a motorist on a recoverable slope may travel outside of the travelway and return their vehicle safely to the roadway. This distance is commonly determined as the 85th percentile in a study comparable to the method of determining speed limits on roadways through speed studies and varies based on the classification of a roadway. In order to provide for adequate safety in roadside conditions, hazardous elements such as fixed obstacles or steep slopes can be placed outside of the clear zone in order to reduce or eliminate the need for roadside protection.
Common sites for installation of traffic barrier:
When a barrier is needed, careful calculations are completed to determine length of need. The calculations take into account the speed and volume of traffic volume using the road, the distance from the edge of travelway to the hazard, and the distance or offset from the edge of travelway to the barrier.
U.S. NRC, 10 CFR 73.55(e)(10) Vehicle Barriers.
In accordance with U.S. regulations for nuclear power plants, the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) addresses vehicle barriers under 10 CFR Part 73, specifically in 10 CFR 73.55(e)(10) Vehicle Barriers. This section requires licensees to "use physical barriers and security strategies [via strategic planning] to protect against land vehicle borne explosive devices". Here, the focus is on safeguarding the protected area and vital areas of nuclear facilities from unauthorized vehicle access, emphasizing the need for effective barrier systems against potential vehicular threats.
The regulation highlights the importance of designing and implementing barriers that are robust enough to withstand various threat scenarios, including different types of vehicles and potential explosive devices. The integration of these barriers with other security measures, such as surveillance, access control, and intrusion detection systems, forms a critical component of comprehensive security planning at nuclear facilities. The NRC's detailed guidelines on vehicle barriers demonstrate its commitment to maintaining high standards of safety and security at U.S. nuclear sites. Adherence to these regulations is crucial for mitigating risks associated with vehicle-based threats.
Types and performance.
Traffic barriers are categorized in two ways: by the function they serve, and by how much they deflect when a vehicle crashes into them.
Functions.
 are used to protect traffic from roadside obstacles or hazards, such as slopes steep enough to cause rollover crashes, fixed objects like bridge piers, and bodies of water. Roadside barriers can also be used with medians, to prevent vehicles from colliding with hazards within the median.
 are used to prevent vehicles from crossing over a median and striking an oncoming vehicle in a head-on crash. Unlike roadside barriers, they must be designed to be struck from either side.
 are designed to restrain vehicles from crashing off the side of a bridge and falling onto the roadway, river or railroad below. It is usually higher than roadside barrier, to prevent trucks, buses, pedestrians and cyclists from vaulting or rolling over the barrier and falling over the side of the structure. Bridge rails are usually multi-rail tubular steel barriers or reinforced concrete parapets and barriers.
 are used to protect traffic from hazards in work zones. Their distinguishing feature is they can be relocated as conditions change in the road works. Two common types are used: temporary concrete barrier and water-filled barrier. The latter is composed of steel-reinforced plastic boxes that are put in place where needed, linked together to form a longitudinal barrier, then ballasted with water. These have an advantage in that they can be assembled without heavy lifting equipment, but they cannot be used in freezing weather.
 are used to enhance security by preventing unauthorized or hostile vehicles from entering sensitive or protected locations, such as government buildings, military installations, airports, embassies, and high-security facilities. They act as a formidable deterrent against potential threats, including vehicle-borne attacks and unauthorized access. Road blockers are equipped with mechanisms that allow for quick deployment and retraction when needed, providing a flexible and effective means of traffic control and security management.
, Platform screen doors (PSDs) without the doors, are used when PSDs are not feasible due to cost, technological compatibility or other factors.
Stiffness.
Barriers are divided into three groups, based on the amount they deflect when struck by a vehicle and the mechanism the barrier uses to resist the impact forces. In the United States, traffic barriers are tested and classified according to the AASHTO Manual for Assessing Safety Hardware (MASH) standards, which recently superseded Federal Highway Administration NCHRP Report 350. Barrier deflections listed below are results from crash tests with a pickup truck traveling , colliding with the rail at a 25-degree angle.
 include cable barriers and weak post corrugated guide rail systems. These are referred to as flexible barriers because they will deflect when struck by a typical passenger car or light truck. Impact energy is dissipated through tension in the rail elements, deformation of the rail elements, posts, soil and vehicle bodywork, and friction between the rail and vehicle.
 include box beam guide rail, heavy post blocked out corrugated guide rail and thrie-beam guide rail. Thrie-beam is similar to corrugated rail, but it has three ridges instead of two. They deflect : more than rigid barriers, but less than flexible barriers. Impact energy is dissipated through deformation of the rail elements, posts, soil and vehicle bodywork, and friction between the rail and vehicle. Box beam systems also spread the impact force over a number of posts due to the stiffness of the steel tube.
 are usually constructed of reinforced concrete. A permanent concrete barrier will only deflect a negligible amount when struck by a vehicle. Instead, the shape of a concrete barrier is designed to redirect a vehicle into a path parallel to the barrier. This means they can be used to protect traffic from hazards very close behind the barrier, and generally require very little maintenance. Impact energy is dissipated through redirection and deformation of the vehicle itself. Jersey barriers and F-shape barriers also lift the vehicle as the tires ride up on the angled lower section. For low-speed or low-angle impacts on these barriers, that may be sufficient to redirect the vehicle without damaging the bodywork. The disadvantage is there is a higher likelihood of rollover with a small car than the single slope or step barriers. Impact forces are resisted by a combination of the rigidity and mass of the barrier. Deflection is usually negligible.
An early concrete barrier design was developed by the New Jersey State Highway Department. This led to the term Jersey barrier being used as a generic term, although technically it applies to a specific shape of concrete barrier. Other types include constant-slope barriers, concrete step barriers, and F-shape barriers.
Concrete barriers usually have smooth finishes. At some impact angles, coarse finishes allow the drive wheel of front wheel drive vehicles to climb the barrier, potentially causing the vehicle to roll over. However, along parkways and other areas where aesthetics are considered important, reinforced concrete walls with stone veneers or faux stone finishes are sometimes used. These barrier walls usually have vertical faces to prevent vehicles from climbing the barrier.
Barrier end treatments.
For several decades after the invention of motor vehicles, designers of early traffic barriers paid little attention to their ends, so that the barriers either ended abruptly in blunt ends, or sometimes featured some flaring of the edges away from the side of the barrier facing traffic. Vehicles that struck blunt ends at the wrong angle could stop too suddenly or suffer penetration of the passenger compartment by steel rail sections, resulting in severe injuries or fatalities. Traffic engineers have learned through such gruesome real-world experience that the ends of barriers are just as important as the barriers themselves; the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials devotes an entire chapter to the topic of barrier "end treatments" in its "Roadsign Design Guide".
In response, a new style of barrier terminals was developed in the 1960s in which the installers were directed to twist the guardrail 90 degrees and bring its end down so that it would lie flat at ground level (so-called "turned-down" terminals or "ramped ends"). While this innovation prevented the rail from penetrating the vehicle, it could also vault a vehicle into the air or cause it to roll over, since the rising and twisting guardrail formed a ramp. These crashes often led to vehicles vaulting, rolling, or vaulting "and" rolling at high speed into the very objects which guardrails or barriers were supposed to protect them from in the first place. Such wild crashes caused the United States to ban ramped ends in 1990 on high-speed, high-volume highways, and to extend the ban in 1998 to the entire National Highway System.
To address the vaulting and rollover crashes, a new type of terminals were developed. The first generation of these terminals in the 1970s were breakaway cable terminals, in which the rail curves back on itself and is connected to a cable that runs between the first and second posts (which are often breakaway posts). These barrier terminals were sometimes able to spear through small cars that hit them at exactly the wrong angle and were deprecated in 1993. The second generation of these terminals, called energy-absorbing terminals, was developed in the 1990s and 2000s. The goal was to develop a kinetic energy dissipating system soft enough for small vehicles to decelerate without causing the guardrail to spear through them, but firm enough to stop larger vehicles. The energy dissipation could be done through bending, kinking, crushing, or deforming guardrail elements. The first family of energy-absorbing terminal products was the extruding terminal type. It features a large steel impact head that engages the frame or bumper of the vehicle in head-on collisions. The impact head is driven back along the guide rail, dissipating the vehicle's kinetic energy by bending or tearing the steel in the guide rail sections away to the side to prevent spearing. When the terminals are hit in an angle, they dissipate much of the energy but the "gating" feature allows the vehicles to pass through the rail as it bends.
If space allows, a guide rail may also be terminated by gradually curving it back to the point that the terminal is unlikely to be hit end-on, or, if possible, by embedding the end in a hillside or cut slope.
An alternative to energy absorbing barrier terminals are impact attenuators. These are used for wider hazards that cannot be effectively protected with a one-sided traffic barrier.
Recycled tyres had been proposed for highway crash barriers by 2012, but many governments prefer sand-filled crash barriers because they have excellent energy-absorption characteristics and are easier to erect and dismantle.
A Fitch barrier is an energy-absorbing type of impact attenuator consisting of a group of sand-filled plastic barrels, usually yellow in color with a black lid. Fitch barriers are often found in a triangular arrangement at the end of a guard rail between a highway and an exit lane (the area known as the gore), along the most probable line of impact. The barriers in front contain the least sand, with each successive barrel containing more. When a vehicle collides with the barrels, the vehicle's kinetic energy is dissipated by the shattering of the barrels and the scattering of the sand inside, and the vehicle decelerates over a longer period of time instead of sudden and more violent rapid deceleration from striking a solid obstruction. In turn, the risk of injury to the vehicle occupants is greatly reduced. Fitch barriers are widely popular due to their effectiveness, low cost, and ease of setup and repair or replacement.
Types of end treatments:

</doc>
<doc id="6999724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999724" title="La Motte d'Aigues">
La Motte d'Aigues



</doc>
<doc id="6999729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999729" title="Joker Phillips">
Joker Phillips

Joe "Joker" Phillips Jr. (born May 12, 1963) is an American football coach and former player. He is the assistant head football coach and wide receivers coach at North Carolina State University, a position he has held since the 2021 season. Phillips served as the head football coach at the University of Kentucky from 2010 to 2012.
Playing career.
After a standout career at Franklin-Simpson High School, in which he played quarterback for two Kentucky state Class AAA championship teams, Phillips played wide receiver at the University of Kentucky from 1981 through 1984, under head coaches Fran Curci and Jerry Claiborne. During his playing career for the Kentucky Wildcats, Phillips caught 75 passes for 935 yards and nine touchdowns at the wide receiver position. Phillips played on the 1984 Kentucky Wildcats football team that went 9–3, finished #19 in the AP Poll, and won the 1984 Hall of Fame Classic Bowl. At the time of his departure from Lexington, he stood fifth on the school's receiving list.
After college, Phillips played two seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins. Phillips later played for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
Coaching career.
After his career in the NFL, Phillips became a graduate assistant on the Kentucky football team. In 1990, he was promoted to assistant recruiting coordinator and in 1991 to wide receivers coach. In 1997, he was hired as wide receivers coach at the University of Cincinnati. Following two seasons in Cincinnati, Phillips made coaching stops at Minnesota, Notre Dame, and South Carolina. Phillips succeeded Urban Meyer as wide receivers coach at Notre Dame.
When Rich Brooks was hired as head football coach at Kentucky in late 2002, Phillips returned to his alma mater to serve as recruiting coordinator and wide receivers coach. With the departure of Ron Hudson late in the 2004 season, he was named offensive coordinator of the Wildcats.
Phillips helped to rejuvenate Kentucky's offensive scheme. Under Phillips' balanced offense, André Woodson established himself as one of the top quarterbacks in the country. In his first full season as offensive coordinator, Kentucky finished with an 8–5 record and defeated Clemson in the 2006 Music City Bowl. In 2007, Kentucky finished the season with another 8–5 record, defeating Florida State in the 2007 Music City Bowl. Winning the Music City Bowl for the second year in a row was the first time the Wildcats had won two consecutive bowls in over 50 years. The Wildcats finished in the top 15 nationally in points scored per game and averaged 460 yards of offense. In 2008 the Wildcats finished 7–6 with a victory over East Carolina in the Liberty Bowl.
In January 2008, Phillips was named as Brooks' successor, and his title was changed to "head coach of the offense". He was named head coach of the Wildcats on January 4, 2010, after Brooks' retirement. Phillips was the second African-American head football coach in the SEC, after former Mississippi State coach Sylvester Croom. He was also the third African-American head coach of a major sport at Kentucky; the first was Bernadette Maddox, who coached the women's basketball team from 1995 to 2003, and the second was Tubby Smith, who coached men's basketball from 1997 to 2007.
In 2011, he led the Wildcats' to a season-ending 10–7 victory over Tennessee, their first over the Volunteers since 1984, ended the longest current losing streak against an annual opponent in FBS at 26.
Kentucky athletic director Mitch Barnhart announced on November 4, 2012, that Phillips would not return as coach in 2013 after a 1–9 start to the season. Barnhart did say that Phillips would coach the remaining games and finish out the year on the sidelines for the Wildcats.
On December 3, 2012, Phillips was hired by the University of Florida as wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator. In April 2014, Florida suspended Phillips for impermissible conduct with a recruit; Phillips resigned in June 2014. In February 2015, the NCAA ruled that Phillips committed a Level II violation that "was not inadvertent and provided more than a minimal recruiting advantage." The NCAA did not penalize Florida.
On January 29, 2015, the Cleveland Browns hired Phillips as wide receivers coach under Mike Pettine. Phillips was not retained for the next season, when Hue Jackson replaced Pettine as head coach.
On June 29, 2016, Ohio State hired Phillips as a Quality Control Assistant under head coach Urban Meyer.
Phillips returned to the University of Cincinnati in 2017 to coach Wide Receivers, a position he held through the 2018 season.
Personal life.
Joe Phillips Jr. was given his nickname "Joker" by his grandfather to distinguish him from his father, also named Joe. He was married to Leslie Stamatis, associate professor of kinesiology at Georgetown College in Kentucky, from 1999 through 2017 when they divorced.

</doc>
<doc id="6999730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999730" title="Roosevelt Park (Minot)">
Roosevelt Park (Minot)

Roosevelt Park is a park in Minot, North Dakota operated by the Minot Park District. It is the largest park in the city of Minot. The park is named after Theodore Roosevelt, former president of the United States, who is honoured by a large statue in the middle of the park.
Roosevelt Park contains hiking and biking trails, tennis courts, a skate park, a swimming pool and water slide, a band shelter, and picnic shelters. It is also the location of the "Magic City Express" 2/5 scale passenger train.
The park is located along the Souris River between Eastwood Estates and the separately managed Roosevelt Park Zoo. Burdick Expressway runs along the south end of the park.

</doc>
<doc id="6999740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999740" title="Vairamangalam Lakshmi Narayanan">
Vairamangalam Lakshmi Narayanan

Vairamangalam LakshmiNarayanan (1928–2004) was a Carnatic musician from Tamil Nadu. He was a student of the famous singer T. K Rangachary.
As a singer LakshmiNarayanan was a versatile singer who could improvise and bring out the subtleties and nuances of "ragas". LakshimiNarayanan could sing elaborately in very obscure and rarely used "ragas" such as "Nalinakanthi", "Nayaki", "Narayani", "Natakapriya", "Nagaswarali", "Dharmavathi", "Janaranjani", "Andholika", etc.
Awards.
LakshmiNarayanan received many awards for his talents. The Government of Tamil Nadu awarded his with the title "Kalaimamani", shortly before his death,
for his contributions of music. The Department of Culture of the Government of India conferred on him a Senior Fellowship in 2000, for his work on "Divya Prabandhams".

</doc>
<doc id="6999743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999743" title="Isolation (song)">
Isolation (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6999745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999745" title="Hardcore Submission Match">
Hardcore Submission Match



</doc>
<doc id="6999747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999747" title="R.A.T.E.">
R.A.T.E.



</doc>
<doc id="6999750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999750" title="E₇ polytope">
E₇ polytope



</doc>
<doc id="6999751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999751" title="Judy Shepard-Kegl">
Judy Shepard-Kegl

Judy Shepard-Kegl (born June 20, 1953) is an American linguist and University of Southern Maine professor, best known for their research on the Nicaraguan sign language.
Education.
Kegl received a Bachelor of Arts with a major in anthropology and a Master of Arts in linguistics both in 1975 from Brown University. They received a Doctor of Philosophy in linguistics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1985.
Their master's thesis was entitled "Some Observations on Bilingualism: A Look at Data from Slovene-English Bilinguals." Their doctoral dissertation was entitled "Locative Relations in American Sign Language Word Formation, Syntax and Discourse".
Career.
Shepard-Kegl is currently a tenured professor of Linguistics and coordinator of the ASL/English Interpreting Program at the University of Southern Maine.
They have worked and written extensively within their field and are best known for their work and multiple academic publishings on the Nicaraguan Sign Language (or ISN, "Idioma de Señas de Nicaragua" or "Idioma de Signos Nicaragüense"), a sign language spontaneously developed by deaf children in a number of schools in western Nicaragua in the 1970s and 1980s.

</doc>
<doc id="6999752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999752" title="Michigan State Highway 32">
Michigan State Highway 32



</doc>
<doc id="6999753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999753" title="Pretty Rock National Wildlife Refuge">
Pretty Rock National Wildlife Refuge

Pretty Rock National Wildlife Refuge is an National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. Pretty Rock NWR is an easement refuge and is on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Pretty Rock NWR from their offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge. This isolated refuge is south of New Leipzig, North Dakota and has been known as a temporary resting place for migrating whooping cranes. In 2002, six adults and one juvenile crane were spotted on the refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="6999755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999755" title="E₈ polytope">
E₈ polytope



</doc>
<doc id="6999756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999756" title="A Touch of Magic">
A Touch of Magic

A Touch of Magic (1961) is a cult-classic General Motors sponsored-film short musical.
The film begins with a designer at the drawing board, daydreaming about a 1920s couple who travel to the Middle Ages; the Man saves the Woman from a wizard ("an evil charmer") and a dragon, only to abruptly discover that they are all performing for an audience in the 1960s. The film then features the couple courting in General Motors' latest cars. Now married, the Man and Woman next appear in an early 1960s style home of the future with a magical kitchen; they host a housewarming party attended by invisible guests. We last see the couple dancing dreamily on a cloud.
The film, which went into the public domain, was produced and directed by Victor D. Solow through MPO Productions. Joseph Moncure March and Edward Eliscu wrote the script and lyrics; Sol Kaplan, the score. It starred dancers Tad Tadlock (real name Thelma Tadlock) and James Mitchell, with the singing voices of Anita Ellis and Ed Kenney.
This is one in a series of Populuxe films and events sponsored by General Motors. The series began with the General Motors Futurama exhibit at the 1939 World's Fair, which displayed a vision of the future involving urban sprawl and multilane limited access freeways. GM's later Motorama exhibits continued this theme into the 1960s. "A Touch of Magic" was the film for the 1961 Motorama.

</doc>
<doc id="6999762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999762" title="Shockwave (comics)">
Shockwave (comics)

Shockwave (Lancaster Sneed) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
Publication history.
Shockwave first appeared in "Master of Kung Fu" #42 (July 1976), and he was created by Tom Sutton, Doug Moench and Paul Gulacy.
Fictional character biography.
Lancaster Sneed was born in Newcastle-on-Tyne, England, and is the nephew of Sir Denis Nayland Smith. Before becoming an intelligence agent for the British agency MI-6, he was a carnival performer. After he stole an experimental exoskeleton, he became the professional criminal and mercenary known as Shockwave. He conspired to kill his uncle and Black Jack Tarr, and first battled Shang-Chi. He was revealed as Smith's nephew and was defeated by Shang Chi.
He apparently returned later, and Shang Chi thought he was fighting the real Shockwave but was in fact it was a robot duplicate being controlled by Doctor Doom. The real Shockwave was later brainwashed by MI-6, and attacked his uncle, and battled Clive Reston and Shang-Chi. Alongside Brynocki, Shockwave battled Shang Chi and Leiko Wu on Mordillo Island. When Brynocki turns against him, Shockwave battled Brynocki and his robots alongside Shang Chi, Leiko Wu, and Black Jack Tarr.
Alongside Zaran and Razor Fist, Shockwave later attacked the West Coast Avengers on behalf of the S.H.I.E.L.D. Deltoids, but was defeated by Iron Man and escaped. Shockwave attended the A.I.M. Weapons Exposition, and battled Captain America alongside the other costumed criminals there.
As Shockwave he has been a member of the Oriental Expediters and the Golden Dagger Sect. He has been the ally of many masterminds and criminals including Fah Lo Suee, Tarrant/Griswold, and Fu Manchu.
The second Crimson Cowl recruited Shockwave to join her incarnation of the Masters of Evil.
He was later involved in a R.A.I.D terror plot in London, only to be foiled by Union Jack.
During the height of the "Civil War" storyline, he was captured by Heroes for Hire. Lancaster has been identified as one of the 142 registered superheroes who have registered as part of the Fifty State Initiative.
Someone that looks like Shockwave was among the members of Hood's Crime Syndicate. He was defeated by the New Avengers, but he escaped from jail.
He recently appeared in "Brand New Day" as one of the villains in the Bar With No Name.
During the "Secret Invasion" storyline, Shockwave is one of the villains incarcerated in The Raft when the Skrulls strike. He is one among many supervillains who rejoined The Hood's crime syndicate and attacked an invading Skrull force.
During the "Dark Reign" storyline, Quasimodo analyzed the information on Shockwave for Norman Osborn. He joins with the Hood's gang in an attack on the New Avengers, who were expecting the Dark Avengers instead. The gang was then sent on a mission to kill Tony Stark, promised mountains of gold bars from Norman Osborn as reward for the first one who does. Shockwave is able to locate Tony in Bayeux, France but is incapacitated at close range.
He was seen during the Siege of Asgard as part of the Hood crime syndicate.
During the "" storyline, Shockwave was an inmate of Pleasant Hill, a gated community established by S.H.I.E.L.D.
During the "Search for Tony Stark" arc, Shockwave is seen as a member of Hood's gang as they attack Castle Doom. He and Rampage held Doctor Doom's arms as Wrecker works to break open his Iron Man armor.
Shockwave is part of a group of Shang-Chi's enemies that includes Razor Fist, Shen Kuei, Death-Hand, Shadow Stalker, Tiger-Claw and led by Shang-Chi's adoptive brother Midnight Sun that ambushes the Master of Kung Fu and Domino while the two are on a date in Hong Kong. Shockwave is defeated after one of his shocks aimed for Domino misses and hits Shadow-Stalker, whose flail is deflected off of a serving tray thrown by Domino and hits Shockwave in the face, knocking him out. After the fight, Shang-Chi warns the group to retreat and forget the ambush ever took place or to face further attacks from Domino.
Powers and abilities.
Lancaster Sneed is a master of various martial arts, especially karate. He was trained in armed and unarmed combat by British military intelligence. He is an expert on electrical devices, and skilled in demolitions work. His body was surgically rebuilt using metal plates, enhancing his strength, speed, agility, stamina, durability and reflexes, but not to superhuman levels. He wears a stolen exoskeleton body armor suit which is equipped with an apparatus that generates electrical shocks on contact.
The suit is later waterproofed to prevent shorting out on contact with water.
In other media.
Television.
Shockwave appears in the "" episode "Armor Wars", voiced by an uncredited actor. This version is a member of Obadiah Stane's Guardsmen and a former Maggia enforcer who speaks with an Australian accent.

</doc>
<doc id="6999765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999765" title="Grand Luberon">
Grand Luberon



</doc>
<doc id="6999771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999771" title="T boone pickens">
T boone pickens



</doc>
<doc id="6999775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999775" title="Charles Walker (checkers player)">
Charles Walker (checkers player)

Charles Clendell Walker (December 11, 1934 – August 12, 2024) was an American Mississippi state checkers (draughts) champion and Christian minister. He founded the International Checker Hall of Fame in Petal, Mississippi in 1979. 
Walker is also known in checkers history for his record-setting victories in simultaneous checkers matches. In a January 1992 match that lasted over eight hours, he played 229 checkers games simultaneously. He won 227 contests, lost one and tied one. In 1994, he set a Guinness World Record while playing 306 checkers games simultaneously and losing only one.
Biography.
Walker started playing checkers at a young age: "At age 7, his family was flooded out of its home. To pass time in the emergency shelter, he played checkers. Later he discovered his father-in-law was shy. He broke the ice by playing checkers with him on the front porch, and getting beaten." The game became his lifelong passion that defined much of his life, both public and private.
In the 1990s, Charles Walker helped organize and publicize several World Man-Machine Checkers Championship matches of the checkers computer called Chinook against several human players. 
Walker was a long-term friend, admirer, and promoter of World Checkers champion Marion Tinsley, whom Walker described as "the greatest checkers player who ever lived," and "probably the greatest who ever will live".
Walker served as a Secretary of The American Checker Federation, was the Editor of "Checkers Magazine" and also served as President of World Checker Draught Federation.
Walker ran a successful insurance business and was described in the media as "an insurance millionaire" and an "insurance tycoon".
Walker was arrested by ICE agents on January 7, 2005 in an undercover sting operation and charged with attempted money laundering of "$6 million in represented drug smuggling proceeds". Charles Walker pleaded guilty on June 30, 2005. His sentencing had to be postponed twice, in particular because of Hurricane Katrina, but he was sentenced to five years in prison in January 2006. In January 2005, after his arrest, Walker announced that the International Checkers Hall of Fame was to be closed, and that he would resign his post as President of the World Checker Draught Federation. The International Checkers Hall of Fame was kept open until Walker's sentencing, but the building was destroyed by fire on September 29, 2007.
Walker died on August 12, 2024, at the age of 89.

</doc>
<doc id="6999776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999776" title="Rastrum">
Rastrum

A rastrum () or raster is a five-pointed writing implement used in music manuscripts to draw parallel staff lines when drawn horizontally across a blank piece of sheet music. The word "raster" is derived from the Latin for "rake". Rastra were used to draw lines on paper that had not been pre-ruled, and were widely used in Europe until printed staff paper became cheap and common in the nineteenth century. Some rastra are able to draw more than one staff at a time. Rastrology, the study of the use of the rastrum, is a branch of music manuscript studies that uses information about the rastrum to help find the date and provenance of musical materials.
Modern variants.
In recent years, rastra made of five ballpoint pens have been marketed to students and composers.
It was common in primary and secondary schools to use rastra that use chalk on a chalk board for music education. They may be called staff liners. An alternative is to use a chalk board with staff lines etched in or taped on.
Some rastra hold markers for use on whiteboards.
Another variant is the so-called "Stravigor", a wheeled instrument that Stravinsky attempted to patent around 1911. He used them extensively in his compositional sketchbooks.

</doc>
<doc id="6999780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999780" title="History of terrorism">
History of terrorism

The history of terrorism involves significant individuals, entities, and incidents associated with terrorism. Scholars often agree that terrorism is a disputed term, and very few of those who are labeled terrorists describe themselves as such, it is common for opponents in a violent conflict to describe the opposing side as terrorists or as practicing terrorism.
Depending on how broadly the term is defined, the roots and practice of terrorism can be traced at least to the 1st-century AD Sicarii Zealots, though some dispute whether the group, which assassinated collaborators with Roman rule in the province of Judea, were in fact terrorist. The first use in English of the term 'terrorism' occurred during the French Revolution's Reign of Terror, when the Jacobins, who ruled the revolutionary state, employed violence, including mass executions by guillotine, to compel obedience to the state and intimidate state enemies. The association of the term only with state violence and intimidation lasted until the mid-19th century, when it began to be associated with non-governmental groups. Anarchism, often in league with rising nationalism and anti-monarchism, was the most prominent ideology linked with terrorism. Near the end of the 19th century, anarchist groups or individuals committed assassinations of a Russian Tsar and a U.S. president.
In the 20th century, terrorism continued to be associated with a vast array of anarchist, socialist, fascist and nationalist groups, many of them engaged in 'third world' independence struggles. Some scholars also labeled as terrorist the systematic internal violence and intimidation practiced by states such as the Stalinist Soviet Union and Nazi Germany.
Definition.
There is no scholarly consensus over the definition of the term "terrorism." This in part derives from the fact that the term is politically and emotionally charged, "a word with intrinsically negative connotations that is generally applied to one's enemies and opponents."
The term "terrorist" is believed to have originated during the Reign of Terror (September 5, 1793July 28, 1794) in France. It was a period of eleven months during the French Revolution when the ruling Jacobins employed violence, including mass executions by guillotine, in order to intimidate the regime's enemies and compel obedience to the state. The Jacobins, most famously Robespierre, sometimes referred to themselves as "terrorists". Some modern scholars, however, do not consider the Reign of Terror a form of terrorism, in part because it was carried out by the French state. French historian Sophie Wahnich distinguishes between the revolutionary terror of the French Revolution and the terrorists of the September 11 attacks:
Revolutionary terror is not terrorism. To make a moral equivalence between the Revolution's year II and September 2001 is historical and philosophical nonsense ... The violence exercised on 11 September 2001 aimed neither at equality nor liberty. Nor did the preventive war announced by the president of the United States. The French Revolution also influenced conceptions of non-state terrorism in the 19th century. Although the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars ended with the victory of autocracies opposed to France and with the restoration of the Bourbon dynasty, European conservative rulers feared revolutionaries who would overthrow their governments or carry out similar forms of psychological violence. The late 18th and early 19th centuries did see the growth of secret societies dedicated to beginning similar liberal revolutions to the French Revolution, causing conservative autocratic governments to become paranoid of radical terrorist conspiracies.
Early terrorism.
Scholars disagree about whether the roots of terrorism date back to the 1st century and the Sicarii Zealots, to the 11th century and the Hashshashin, to the 19th century and the Fenian Brotherhood and Narodnaya Volya, or other eras. The Sicarii and the Hashshashin are described below, while the Fenian Brotherhood and Narodnaya Volya are discussed in a later section. John Calvin's rule of Geneva has been described as a reign of terror. Other historical events sometimes associated with terrorism include the Gunpowder Plot, an attempt to destroy the English Parliament in 1605.
During the 1st century AD, the Jewish Zealots in Judaea Province rebelled against the Roman Empire, killing prominent collaborators such as the Sadducees running the Second Temple and the Hasmonean dynasty. In 6 AD, according to contemporary historian Josephus, Judas of Galilee formed a small and more extreme offshoot of the Zealots, the Sicarii ("dagger men"). Their efforts were also directed against Jewish "collaborators," including temple priests, Sadducees, Herodians, and other wealthy elites. According to Josephus, the Sicarii would hide short daggers under their cloaks, mingle with crowds at large festivals, murder their victims, and then disappear into the panicked crowds. Their most successful assassination was of the High Priest of Israel Jonathan.
The first group of people whose members were called terrorists in the Islamic world were the Kharijites, who declared that any Muslim, regardless of lineage or ethnicity, was eligible to serve as caliph as long as they were morally upright, according to the Kharijites. Muslims had a duty to rebel against and overthrow sinful caliphs. They consequently rose up in revolt against both the legitimate rulers and the Muslim rulers who did not uphold Islamic law. The Kharijites were the first sect in Islamic history to practice takfir, allowing them to use it as a defence for killing people they deemed to be heretics, they believed that heretics were apostates who were worthy of punishment. The sect bears similarity with later "takfiri" doctrines of Islamism. In the late 11th century, the Hashshashin (a.k.a. the Assassins) arose, an offshoot of the Isma'ili sect of Shia Muslims. Led by Hassan-i Sabbah and opposed to Fatimid and Seljuq rule, the Hashshashin militia seized Alamut and other fortress strongholds across Persia. They briefly seized power in Isfahan before the populace revolted against their brutal rule. Hashshashin forces were too small to challenge enemies militarily, so they assassinated city governors and military commanders in order to create alliances with militarily powerful neighbors. For example, they killed Janah al-Dawla, ruler of Homs, to please Ridwan of Aleppo, and assassinated Mawdud, Seljuk emir of Mosul, as a favor to the regent of Damascus. The Hashshashin also carried out assassinations as retribution. Under some definitions of terrorism, such assassinations do not qualify as terrorism, since killing a political leader does not intimidate political enemies or inspire revolt. "(see also List of assassinations by the Assassins)"
The Sons of Liberty was a clandestine group that was formed in Boston and New York City in the 1770s. It had a political agenda of independence of Britain's American colonies. The groups engaged in several acts that could be considered terroristic and used the deeds for propaganda purposes.
Gunpowder Plot.
After Queen Elizabeth I restored the Church of England as the state church after years of persecution of Protestants under her sister Mary I, Pope Pius V excommunicated her and called on English Catholics to depose her. His successor Sixtus V and King Philip II of Spain sponsored numerous plots against her which continued after she was succeeded by her cousin James VI and I.
On November 5, 1605, a group of conspirators led by Robert Catesby attempted to destroy the English Parliament on its State Opening by King James I. They planned in secret to detonate a large quantity of gunpowder placed beneath the Palace of Westminster. The gunpowder was procured and placed by Guy Fawkes. The group intended to enact a coup by killing King James I and the members of both houses of Parliament. The conspirators planned to start a rebellion in the English Midlands, make one of the king's children a puppet monarch, and then restore the Catholic faith to England.
The conspirator leased a coal cellar beneath the House of Lords and began stockpiling gunpowder in 1604. As well as its primary targets, it would have killed hundreds, if not thousands, of Londoners – the most devastating act of terrorism in Britain's history, plunging the nation into a religious war. English spymasters uncovered the plot and caught Guy Fawkes with the gunpowder beneath Parliament. The other conspirators fled to Holbeach in Staffordshire. A shoot out on November 8 with authorities led to the deaths of Robert Catesby, Thomas Percy and the brothers Christopher and John Wright. The rest were captured. Fawkes and seven others were tried and executed in January 1606. The planned attack has become known as the Gunpowder Plot and is commemorated in Britain every November 5 with fireworks displays and large bonfires with effigies of Guy Fawkes and the Pope are often burned. Comparisons are often drawn between gunpowder plot and modern religious terrorism, such as the attacks in the US by Islamic terrorists on 9/11 2001.
Emergence of modern terrorism.
Terrorism was associated with state terror and the Reign of Terror in France, until the mid-19th century when the term also began to be associated with non-governmental groups. Early non-governmental terrorist groups include the nationalist Carbonari who sought to unite the Italian Peninsula under a liberal democratic government and the Luddites in Great Britain who sought to resist the Industrial Revolution by attacking mechanized textile plants. The term terrorism became increasingly used for acts of political violence from the 1840s onwards. Anarchism, often in league with rising nationalism, was the most prominent ideology linked with terrorism. Attacks by various anarchist groups led to the assassination of a Russian Tsar and a U.S. President.
In the 19th century, powerful, stable, and affordable explosives were developed, global integration reached unprecedented levels and often radical political movements became widely influential. The use of dynamite, in particular, inspired anarchists and was central to their strategic thinking.
Ireland.
One of the earliest groups to utilize modern terrorist techniques was arguably the Fenian Brotherhood and its offshoot the Irish Republican Brotherhood. They were both founded in 1858 as revolutionary, militant nationalist and Catholic groups, both in Ireland and amongst the émigré community in the United States.
After centuries of continued British rule in Ireland, and being influenced most recently from the devastating effects of the 1840s Great Famine, these revolutionary fraternal organisations were founded with the aim of establishing an independent republic in Ireland, and began carrying out frequent acts of violence in metropolitan Britain to achieve their aims through intimidation.
In 1867, members of the movement's leadership were arrested and convicted for organizing an armed uprising. While being transferred to prison, the police van in which they were being transported was intercepted and a police sergeant was shot in the rescue. A bolder rescue attempt of another Irish radical incarcerated in Clerkenwell Prison, was made in the same year: an explosion to demolish the prison wall killed 12 people and caused many injuries. The bombing enraged the British public, causing a panic over the Fenian threat.
Although the Irish Republican Brotherhood condemned the Clerkenwell Outrage as a "dreadful and deplorable event", the organisation returned to bombings in Britain in 1881 to 1885, with the Fenian dynamite campaign, beginning one of the first modern terror campaigns. Instead of earlier forms of terrorism based on political assassination, this campaign used modern, timed explosives with the express aim of sowing fear in the very heart of metropolitan Britain, in order to achieve political gains. (Prime minister William Ewart Gladstone was partly influenced to disestablish the Anglican Church in Ireland as a gesture by the Clerkenwell bombing.) The campaign also took advantage of the greater global integration of the times, and the bombing was largely funded and organised by the Fenian Brotherhood in the United States.
The first police unit to combat terrorism was established in 1883 by the Metropolitan Police, initially as a small section of the Criminal Investigation Department. It was known as the Special Irish Branch, and was trained in counter terrorism techniques to combat the Irish Republican Brotherhood. The unit's name was changed to Special Branch as the unit's remit steadily widened over the years.
Russia.
From the 1860s onwards dissident elements of the Russian Empire's intelligentsia became increasingly open to the idea of using political violence and terrorism to overthrow the Tsarist autocracy of the Romanov dynasty. The Narodniks called for a violent revolution to redistribute land to the peasant communes. Nikolay Chernyshevsky's novel "What Is to Be Done?" proved influential among the Narodniks, and his character Rakhmetov became a role model for Russian dissidents who resorted to terrorism.
The Narodniks drifted to anarchism or Marxism after the peasants failed to support the ideology. The anarchists developed the concept of "propaganda of the deed" (or "propaganda by the deed", from the French "propagande par le fait") advocated physical violence or other provocative public acts against political enemies in order to inspire mass rebellion or revolution. One of the first individuals associated with this concept, the Italian revolutionary Carlo Pisacane (1818–1857), wrote in his "Political Testament" (1857) that "ideas spring from deeds and not the other way around". Anarchist Mikhail Bakunin (1814–1876), in his "Letters to a Frenchman on the Present Crisis" (1870) stated that "we must spread our principles, not with words but with deeds, for this is the most popular, the most potent, and the most irresistible form of propaganda". The French anarchist Paul Brousse (1844–1912) popularized the phrase "propaganda of the deed"; in 1877 he cited as examples the 1871 Paris Commune and a workers' demonstration in Bern provocatively using the socialist red flag. By the 1880s, the slogan had begun to be used to refer to bombings, regicides and tyrannicides. Reflecting this new understanding of the term, in 1895 Italian anarchist Errico Malatesta described "propaganda by the deed" (which he opposed the use of) as violent communal insurrections meant to ignite an imminent revolution.
Founded in Russia in 1878, Narodnaya Volya ("Народная Воля" in Russian; "People's Will" in English) was a revolutionary anarchist group inspired by Sergei Nechayev and by "propaganda by the deed" theorist Pisacane. The group developed ideas—such as targeted killing of the "leaders of oppression"—that would become the hallmark of subsequent violence by small non-state groups, and they were convinced that the developing technologies of the age—such as the invention of dynamite, which they were the first anarchist group to make widespread use of—enabled them to strike directly and with discrimination. Attempting to spark a popular revolt against Russian Tsardom, the group killed prominent political figures by gun and bomb in Saint Petersburg. They used the trials of captured members such as Vera Zasulich and Sergey Stepnyak-Kravchinsky as propaganda. On March 13, 1881, the group succeeded in assassinating Russia's Tsar Alexander II. The assassination, by a bomb that also killed the Tsar's attacker, Ignacy Hryniewiecki, failed to spark the expected revolution, and an ensuing crackdown by the new Tsar Alexander III brought the group to an end.
Spread to continental Europe.
Individual Europeans also engaged in politically motivated violence. For example, in 1878 the Italian anarchist Giovanni Passannante wounded Umberto I of Italy and Prime Minister Benedetto Cairoli in a knife attack while other anarchists threw bombs at monarchist political rallies. That same year German anarchists Max Hödel and Karl Nobiling attempted to assassinate Kaiser Wilhelm I, giving Chancellor Otto von Bismarck a pretext to pass the Anti-Socialist Laws banning the Social Democratic Party. Anarchism spread to the United States with working-class European immigrants. Although it ceased to be a truly influential movement after the Haymarket affair in 1886, public fears of it continued to play a role in U.S. politics and weakened the U.S. organized labor movement. In 1893, Auguste Vaillant, a French anarchist, threw a bomb in the French Chamber of Deputies in which one person was injured. In reaction to Vaillant's bombing and other bombings and assassination attempts, the French government restricted freedom of the press by passing a set of laws that became pejoratively known as the "lois scélérates" ("villainous laws"). In the years 1894 to 1896 anarchists killed President of France Marie Francois Carnot, Prime Minister of Spain Antonio Cánovas del Castillo, and the Empress of Austria-Hungary, Elisabeth of Bavaria.
United States.
Prior to the American Civil War, abolitionist John Brown (18001859) advocated and practiced armed opposition to slavery, launching several attacks between 1856 and 1859, his most famous attack was launched against the armory at Harpers Ferry in 1859. Local forces soon recaptured the fort and Brown was tried and executed for treason. A biographer of Brown has written that Brown's purpose was "to force the nation into a new political pattern by creating terror." In 2009, the 150th anniversary of Brown's death, prominent news publications debated over whether or not Brown should be considered a terrorist.
During the Civil War, pro-Confederate Bushwhackers and pro-Union Jayhawkers in Missouri and Kansas respectively engaged in cross border raids, committed acts of violence against civilians and soldiers, stole goods and burned down farms. The most infamous event occurred in Lawrence, Kansas on August 21, 1863, when Quantrill's Raiders led by William Quantrill ransacked the town and murdered about 190 civilians because of the town's anti-slavery sentiment.
On December 7, 1863, pro-Confederate British subjects from the Maritime Provinces hijacked the American steamer "Chesapeake" off the coast of Cape Cod, Massachusetts, killing a crew member and wounding three others in the ensuing gunfight. The intent of this hijacking was to use the ship as a blockade runner for the Confederacy under belief that they had an official Confederate letter of marque. The perpetrators had planned to re-coal at Saint John, New Brunswick, and head south to Wilmington, North Carolina. Instead, the captors had difficulties at Saint John; so they sailed further east and re-coaled in Halifax, Nova Scotia. U.S. forces responded to the attack by trying to arrest the captors in Nova Scotian waters. All of the "Chesapeake" hijackers were able to escape extradition through the assistance of William Johnston Almon, a prominent Nova Scotian and Confederate sympathizer.
On October 19, 1864, Confederate agents operating from Canada raided the border town of St. Albans, Vermont, robbing $208,000 from three banks, holding hostages, killing a civilian and wounding two others, attempting to burn the entire town with Greek fire, then escaping back to Canada. The raiders were then arrested by British authorities under an extradition request from the U.S. government, but were later freed by a Canadian court on the grounds that they were considered combatants rather than criminals.
After the Civil War, on December 24, 1865, six Confederate veterans founded the Ku Klux Klan (KKK). The KKK used violence, lynching, murder and acts of intimidation to oppress African Americans in particular, and it created a sensation with its masked forays' dramatic nature. Under President Ulysses Grant the federal government suppressed the Klan in the early 1870s, and it disappeared by the mid-1870s.
The Second KKK of the 1920s was an entirely new organization that used the old costumes and keywords. It added cross burning as a ritual. The group's politics were white supremacist, anti-Semitic, racist, anti-Catholic, and nativist. A KKK founder boasted that it was a nationwide organization of 550,000 men and that it could muster 40,000 Klansmen within five days' notice, but as a secret or "invisible" group with no membership rosters, it was difficult to judge the Klan's actual size. It was politically powerful at times, especially in Tennessee, Oklahoma, Indiana, Alabama and South Carolina.
The Ottoman Empire.
Several nationalist groups used violence against an Ottoman Empire in apparent decline. One was the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (in Armenian "Dashnaktsuthium", or "The Federation"), an Armenian nationalist revolutionary movement founded in Tiflis (Russian Transcaucasia) in 1890 by Christapor Mikaelian. Many members had been part of Narodnaya Volya or the Hunchakian Revolutionary Party. The group published newsletters, smuggled arms, and hijacked buildings as it sought to bring in European intervention that would force the Ottoman Empire to surrender control of its Armenian territories. On August 24, 1896, 17-year-old Babken Suni led twenty-six members in capturing the Imperial Ottoman Bank in Constantinople. The group demanded European intervention in order to stop the Hamidian massacres and the creation of an Armenian state, but backed down on a threat to blow up the bank. An ensuing security crackdown destroyed the group.
Also inspired by Narodnaya Volya, the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) was a Macedonian nationalist revolutionary movement founded in 1893 by Hristo Tatarchev in the Ottoman-controlled Macedonian territories. Through assassinations and by provoking uprisings, the group sought to coerce the Ottoman government into creating a Macedonian nation. On July 20, 1903, the group incited the Ilinden uprising in the Ottoman Manastir vilayet. The IMRO declared the town's independence and sent demands to the European Powers that all of Macedonia be freed. The demands were ignored and Ottoman Army troops crushed the 27,000 rebels in the town two months later.
Early 20th century.
Revolutionary nationalism continued to motivate political violence in the 20th century, much of it directed against Western powers. The Irish Republican Army campaigned against the British in the 1910s and their tactics inspired Zionist groups such as the Hagannah, Irgun and Lehi to in their guerilla war against the Palestine Mandate throughout the 1930s. Like the IRA and the Zionist groups, the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt used bombings and assassinations as part of their tactics.
Militant suffragettes of the Women's Social and Political Union carried out a series politically motivated bombing and arson attacks nationwide as part of their campaign for women's suffrage. There were three phases of WSPU militancy in 1905, 1908, and, most significantly, between 1912 and 1914. These action ranged from civil disobedience and destruction of public property to arson and bombings. Most notably, The WSPU bombed Government Minister and future Prime Minister David Lloyd George's house
Political assassinations continued, resulting in the assassination of King Umberto I of Italy in July 1900. The Polish-American anarchist Leon Czolgosz was inspired to by the killing to carry out the assassination of US President William McKinley in Buffalo, New York, September 1901. Despite the fact that Czolgosz had been a native-born citizen, the United States Congress responded by passing a law banning anarchists from immigrating to the United States. Despite the ban the Galleanist anarchists mostly consisting of Italian Americans continued to be active in the United States. In 1914 three Galleanists were found to be collaborating with Alexander Berkman in plotting an assassination of John D. Rockefeller Jr. in retaliation for the Ludlow Massacre. Berkman had previously tried to assassinate Henry Clay Frick in retaliation for the Homestead strike. After the American entry into World War I Congress additionally passed the Immigration Act of 1917 allowing for the deportation of resident aliens who promoted assassinations. Despite this Galleanists successfully sent letter bombs to industrialists and politicians while paranoia over left-wing political radicalism escalated when the Bolsheviks seized power in the Russian Revolution. After a letter bomb detonated at the home of Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmer, it caused the First Red Scare. The United States Department of Justice destroyed left-wing and radical political movements, including Marxism, anarchism, and the Industrial Workers of the World, through the Palmer Raids led by J. Edgar Hoover.
After several decades of stability, political violence in the Russian Empire resumed in the 1890s due to the repressive policies of Alexander III and Nicholas II, anti-Semitic pogroms, and the government's poor response to the Russian famine of 1891–1892. Political violence became especially widespread in Imperial Russia, and several ministers were killed in the opening years of the 20th century. The Socialist Revolutionary Party, founded in 1901 with the intent of starting an agrarian socialist revolution, founded the Combat Organization specifically to carry out acts of terrorism. The highest-ranking assassinated official was prime minister Pyotr Stolypin, killed in 1911 by Dmitry Bogrov, a spy for the secret police in several anarchist, socialist and other revolutionary groups. Violent attacks by anarchists, Marxists, and SRs escalated during the 1905 Russian Revolution and its aftermath before declining in the ten years after 1907.
On June 28, 1914, Gavrilo Princip, one of a group of six assassins, shot and killed Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heir to the Austro-Hungarian throne, and his wife, Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, in Sarajevo, the capital of the Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The assassinations produced widespread shock across Europe, setting in motion the July Crisis which led to World War I.
In the 1930s and 1940s, Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union practiced state terror systematically and on a massive and unprecedented scale. Meanwhile, the Stalin regime branded its opponents with the label "terrorist".
Suffragette bombing and arson campaign.
Suffragettes in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland orchestrated a bombing and arson campaign between 1912 and 1914. The campaign was instigated by the Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU), and was a part of their wider campaign for women's suffrage. The campaign, led by key WSPU figures such as Emmeline Pankhurst, targeted infrastructure, government, churches and the general public, and saw the use of improvised explosive devices, arson, letter bombs, assassination attempts and other forms of direct action and violence. At least 5 people were killed in such attacks (including one suffragette), and at least 24 were injured (including two suffragettes). The campaign was halted at the British entry into World War I in August 1914 without having brought about votes for women, as suffragettes pledged to pause their campaigning to aid the nation's war effort.
The campaign has seen classification as a terrorist campaign, with both suffragettes themselves and the authorities referring to arson and bomb attacks as terrorism. Contemporary press reports also referred to attacks as "terrorist" incidents in both the United Kingdom and in the United States,
In one of the more serious suffragette attacks, During the suffragette bombing and arson campaign of 1912–1914 a major terrorist incident occurred in the Portsmouth in 1913, which led to the deaths of two men. a fire was purposely started at Portsmouth dockyard on 20 December 1913, in which 2 sailors were killed after it spread through the industrial area. The fire spread rapidly as there were many old wooden buildings in the area, including the historic semaphore tower which dated back to the eighteenth century which was completely destroyed. The damage to the dockyard area cost the city £200,000 in damages, equivalent to £23,600,000 today. In the midst of the firestorm, a battleship, "HMS Queen Mary", had to be towed to safety to avoid the flames.
The attack was notable enough to be reported on in the press in the United States, with the "New York Times" reporting on the disaster two days after with the headline "Big Portsmouth Fire Loss". The report also disclosed that at a previous police raid on a suffragette headquarters, "papers were discovered disclosing a plan to fire the yard".
The campaign in part provided the inspiration for later bombing and terrorist campaigns in Britain, such as those conducted by the Irish Republican Army (IRA). The S-Plan of 1939 to 1940 utilised the tactic of undertaking incendiary attacks on pillar boxes, and also saw the planting of explosive devices. The tactic of packing nuts and bolts into bombs to act as shrapnel, often regarded as a later twentieth-century IRA invention, was also first employed by the suffragettes. Several suffragette bombings, such as the attempted bombing of Liverpool Street station in 1913, saw the use of this method. The combination of high explosive bombs, incendiary devices and letter bombs used by suffragettes also provided the pattern for the IRA campaigns of the 1970s and 1980s. Unknown to many, the first terrorist bomb to explode in Northern Ireland in the twentieth century was not detonated by the IRA but by the suffragettes at Lisburn Cathedral in August 1914. Suffragette tactics also provided a template for more contemporary attacks in Britain.
Irish independence.
In an action called the Easter Rising or Easter Rebellion, on April 24, 1916, members of the Irish Volunteers and the Irish Citizen Army seized the Dublin General Post Office and several other buildings, proclaiming an independent Irish Republic. The rebellion failed militarily but was a success for physical force Irish republicanism, leaders of the uprising becoming heroes in Ireland after their eventual sentence of capital punishment by the British government.
Shortly after the rebellion, Michael Collins and others founded the Irish Republican Army (IRA), which from 1916 to 1923 carried out numerous attacks against the British authorities. For example, it attacked over 300 police stations simultaneously just before Easter 1920, and, in November 1920, publicly killed a dozen police officers and burned down the Liverpool docks and warehouses, an action that became known as Bloody Sunday.
After years of warfare, London agreed to the 1921 Anglo-Irish Treaty creating an Irish Free State encompassing 26 of the island's 32 counties. IRA tactics were an inspiration to other groups, including the Palestine Mandate's Zionists, and to British special operations during World War II.
The IRA are considered by some the innovators of modern insurgency tactics as the British would replicate and build upon the tactics used against them in World War II against the Germans and Italians. Tony Geraghty in "The Irish War: The Hidden Conflict Between the IRA and British Intelligence" wrote:
From January 1939 to March 1940, the Irish Republican Army (IRA) carried out a campaign of bombing and sabotage against the civil, economic, and military infrastructure of Britain. It was known as the S-Plan or Sabotage Campaign. During the campaign, the IRA carried out almost 300 attacks and acts of sabotage in the United Kingdom, killing seven people and injuring 96. Most of the casualties occurred in the Coventry bombing on 25 August 1939.
Mandatory Palestine.
Following the 1929 Hebron massacre of 67 Jews in the Mandate of Palestine, the Zionist militia Haganah transformed itself into a paramilitary force. In 1931, however, the more militant Irgun broke away from Haganah, objecting to Haganah's policy of restraint. Founded by Avraham Tehomi, Irgun sought to aggressively defend Jews from Arab attacks. Its tactic of attacking Arab communities, including the bombing of a crowded Arab market, is among the first examples of terrorism directed against civilians. After the British published the White Paper of 1939, which placed strict restrictions on Jewish immigration into Palestine (which was seen as unacceptable to Zionist groups), the Irgun began a campaign against the British authorities by assassinating police, capturing British government buildings and arms, and sabotaging railways. Irgun's best-known attack targeted the King David Hotel in Jerusalem, parts of which housed the headquarters of the British civil and military administrations. The bombing, in 1946, killed ninety-one people and injured forty-six, making it the most deadly attack during the Mandate era. This attack was sharply condemned by the organized leadership of the Yishuv, and further widened the gulf between David Ben-Gurion's Hagana and Begin's Irgun. Following the bombing, Ben-Gurion called Irgun an "enemy of the Jewish people". After the Israeli Declaration of Independence in 1948, Menachem Begin (Irgun leader from 1943 to 1948) transformed the group into the political party Herut, which later became part of Likud in an alliance with the center-right Gahal, Liberal Party, Free Centre, National List, and Movement for Greater Israel. On the 60th anniversary of the bombing, a plaque was unveiled at the hotel.
Operating in the Palestine Mandate in the 1930s, Izz ad-Din al-Qassam (1882–1935) organized and established the Black Hand, a Palestinian nationalist militia. He recruited and arranged military training for peasants, and by 1935 had enlisted between 200 and 800 men. Al-Qassam obtained a fatwa from Shaykh Badr al-Din al-Taji al-Hasani, the Mufti of Damascus, authorizing an armed insurgency against the British and against the Jews of Palestine. Black Hand cells were equipped with bombs and firearms, which they used to kill Jews. Although al-Qassam's revolt was unsuccessful in his lifetime, many organizations gained inspiration from his example. He became a popular hero and an inspiration to subsequent Arab militants, who in the 193639 Arab revolt, called themselves Qassamiyun, followers of al-Qassam. The Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas, as well as the rockets they developed, take their names after Qassam.
Lehi ("Lohamei Herut Yisrael", a.k.a. "Freedom Fighters for Israel", a.k.a. the Stern Gang) was a revisionist Zionist group that splintered off from Irgun in 1940. Abraham Stern formed Lehi from disaffected Irgun members after Irgun agreed to a truce with Britain in 1940. Lehi assassinated prominent politicians as a strategy. For example, on November 6, 1944, Lord Moyne, the British Minister of State for the Middle East, was assassinated. The act was controversial among Zionist militant groups, Hagannah sympathizing with the British in this instance and launching a massive man-hunt against members of Lehi and Irgun. After Israel's 1948 founding, Lehi formally dissolved and its members became integrated into the Israeli Defense Forces.
Resistance during World War II.
Some of the tactics of the guerrilla, partisan, and resistance movements organised and supplied by the Allies during World War II, according to historian M. R. D. Foot, can be considered terrorist. Colin Gubbins, a key leader within the Special Operations Executive (SOE), made sure the organization drew much of its inspiration from the IRA.
On the eve of D-Day, the SOE organised with the French Resistance the complete destruction of the rail and communication infrastructure of western France the largest coordinated attack of its kind in history Allied supreme commander Dwight D. Eisenhower later wrote that "the disruption of enemy rail communications, the harassing of German road moves and the continual and increasing strain placed on German security services throughout occupied Europe by the organised forces of Resistance, played a very considerable part in our complete and final victory". The SOE also conducted operations in Africa, the Middle East and the Far East.
The SOE working with Norwegian resistance was vital in ending Germany's nuclear weapons programme. After repeated attacks on heavy water production facilities in Norway Germany sought to ship the last of the heavy water back to Germany in 1944. It would initial cross Lake Tinn by civilian ferry SF Hydro. The ferry was to carry railway cars with heavy water drums from the Vemork hydroelectric plant, where they were produced, across Lake Tinn so they could be shipped to Germany. The operatives planted explosives on the ferry the night before, and timed the explosives to sink and the deepest part of the lake. Despite the intention to minimize casualties, 18 people were killed. Twenty-nine survived. The dead comprised 14 Norwegian civilians and four German soldiers. Its sinking effectively ended Nazi nuclear ambitions.
The work of the SOE received recognition in 2009 with a memorial in London, however there are differing views on the morality of the SOE's actions; the British military historian John Keegan writing:
Post-war period and Cold War proxies.
In the aftermath of World War II, largely successful campaigns for independence were launched against the collapsing European empires, as many World War II resistance groups became militantly nationalistic. The Viet Minh, for example, which had fought against the Empire of Japan, now fought against the returning French colonists. In the Middle East, the Muslim Brotherhood used bombings and assassinations against the British in Egypt. Also during the 1950s, the National Liberation Front (FLN) in French-controlled Algeria and the Ethniki Organosis Kyprion Agoniston (EOKA) in British-controlled Cyprus waged guerrilla and open war against the authorities.
In the 1960s, inspired by Mao Zedong's Chinese Communist Revolution and Fidel Castro's Cuban revolution of 1959, national independence movements often fused nationalist and socialist impulses. This was the case with Spain's ETA, the Front de libération du Québec, and the Palestine Liberation Organization. In the late 1960s and 1970s, violent left-wing militant and revolutionary groups were on the rise, sympathizing with Third World guerrilla movements and seeking to spark anti-capitalist revolts. Such groups included Armenia's Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia, the Japanese Red Army, the West German Red Army Faction (RAF), the Montoneros, the Italian Red Brigades (BR), and, in the United States, the Weather Underground. Nationalist groups such as the Provisional IRA and the Tamil tigers also began operations at this time.
Throughout the Cold War, both the United States and the Soviet Union made extensive use of violent nationalist organizations to carry on a war by proxy. For example, Soviet Armed Forces and Chinese People's Liberation Army advisers provided training and support to the Viet Cong during the Vietnam War. The Soviet Union also provided military support to the PLO during the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, and Fidel Castro during the Cuban Revolution. The United States funded groups such as the Contras in Nicaragua. The Mujahadeen of the late 20th and early 21st century had been funded in the 1980s by the United States and other Western powers because they were fighting the USSR in Afghanistan.
Middle East.
Founded in 1928 as a nationalist social-welfare and political movement in the Kingdom of Egypt, the Muslim Brotherhood began to attack British Armed Forces soldiers and police stations in the late 1940s. Founded and led by Hassan al-Banna, it also assassinated politicians seen as collaborating with British rule, most prominently Egyptian Prime Minister Mahmoud El Nokrashy Pasha in 1948. In 1952 a military coup overthrew British rule, and shortly thereafter the Muslim Brotherhood went underground in the face of a massive crackdown. Though sometimes banned or otherwise oppressed by the Egyptian government, the group continues to exist in present-day Egypt.
The National Liberation Front (FLN) was an Algerian nationalist group founded in French-controlled Algeria in 1954. The group became a large-scale resistance movement against French rule, with terrorism only part of its operations. The FLN leadership took inspiration from the Viet Minh rebels who had made French Far East Expeditionary Corps troops withdraw from Vietnam in the First Indochina War. The FLN was one of the first anti-colonial groups to use large-scale compliance violence. The FLN would establish control over a rural village and coerce its peasants to execute any French loyalists among them. On the night of October 31, 1954, in a coordinated wave of seventy bombings and shootings known as the Toussaint attacks, the FLN attacked French Armed Forces installations and the homes of Algerian loyalists. In the following year, the group gained significant support for an uprising against loyalists in Philippeville. This uprising, and the heavy-handed response by the French, convinced many Algerians to support the FLN and the independence movement. The FLN eventually secured Algerian independence from France in 1962, and transformed itself into Algeria's ruling party.
Fatah was organized as a Palestinian nationalist group in 1954, and exists today as a political party in Palestine. In 1967 it joined the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), an umbrella organization for secular Palestinian nationalist groups formed in 1964. The PLO began its own armed operations in 1965. The PLO's membership comprises separate and possibly contending paramilitary and political factions, the largest of which include Fatah, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), and the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP). Factions of the PLO have advocated or carried out acts of terrorism. Abu Iyad organized the Fatah splinter group Black September in 1970; the group is arguably best known for seizing eleven Israeli athletes as hostages at the September 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. All the athletes and five Black September operatives died during a gun battle with the West German police in what later became known as the Munich massacre. The PFLP, founded in 1967 by George Habash, on September 6, 1970 hijacked three international passenger planes, landing two of them in Jordan and blowing up the third. Fatah leader and PLO chairman Yasser Arafat publicly renounced terrorism in December 1988 on behalf of the PLO, but Israel has stated that it has proof that Arafat continued to sponsor terrorism until his death in 2004.
In the 1974 Ma'alot massacre, 22 Israeli high-school students, aged 14 to 16 from Safed were killed by three members of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine. Before reaching the school, the trio shot and killed two Arab women, a Jewish man, his pregnant wife, and their 4-year-old son, and wounded several others.
In the 1960s and 1970s, various Middle Eastern terrorist groups sent their members to the Soviet Union for training in what was euphemistically called "low-intensity warfare" – essentially a softer term for terrorism. Over the span of nearly a decade, terrorism cultivated and backed by the Soviet Union operated freely in the Middle East and, to a limited extent, in Europe. The Soviets saw terrorism as compatible with their support for national liberation wars, even though it contradicted traditional Marxist-Leninist ideas about class struggle and violence against civilians. The Soviets also hoped that backing Palestinian terrorism against Israel would strengthen their position in the Arab world.
The People's Mujahedin of Iran (PMOI) or Mujahedin-e Khalq (founded in 1965), is an Islamic group that opposed the Shah and later Khomeini's rule in Iran. The group would go on to play an important role in the Shah's overthrow but was unable to capitalize on this in the following power-vacuum. The group renounced violence in 2003 and became protected persons.
In 1975, Hagop Tarakchian and Hagop Hagopian, with the help of sympathetic Palestinians, founded the Armenian Secret Army for the Liberation of Armenia (ASALA) in Beirut during the Lebanese Civil War. At that time, Turkey was embroiled in political turmoil, and Hagopian believed that the time was right for his organization to avenge the Armenians who died during the Armenian genocide and force the Turkish government to cede the territory of Wilsonian Armenia to the Armenian SSR so it could incorporate the territory of Wilsonian Armenia into it and establish a nation state. In its Esenboga airport attack, on 7 August 1982, two ASALA rebels opened fire on civilians in a waiting room at the Esenboga International Airport in Ankara. Nine people died and 82 were injured. By 1986, the ASALA had virtually ceased all attacks.
The "Partiya Karkerên Kurdistan" (Kurdistan Workers Party or PKK) was established in Turkey in 1978 as a Kurdish nationalist party. Founder Abdullah Ocalan was inspired by the Maoist theory of people's war. At that time the group sought to create an independent Kurdish Nation State consisting of parts of south-eastern Turkey, north-eastern Iraq, north-eastern Syria and north-western Iran. In 1984, the PKK transformed itself into a paramilitary organization and launched conventional attacks as well as bombings of Turkish governmental installations. In 1999, Turkish authorities captured Öcalan in Kenya. He was tried in Turkey and sentenced to life imprisonment. Since then, the PKK has gone through a series of name and ideological changes. From prison in 2004, Abdullah Ocalan announced the PKK's adoption of a new ideology which he named Jineology (the Science and history of women) radically diverging from the PKK's Marxist-Leninist roots. The ideology proposed the establishment of a system of Democratic confederalism without the existence of a central Nation State government. Women have played a very important role in the development of this ideology during the 1990s and they have also formed an army which is named the YPJ (Women's Protection Units) and its purpose is to defend this new society. Since then, the European Court Of Justice has annulled the decision to classify the PKK as a terrorist group on the grounds that "sufficient arguments were not presented".
Europe.
Founded in 1959 and functioning until 2018, the Euskadi Ta Askatasuna (or ETA - Basque for "Basque Homeland and Freedom", pronounced ) was an armed Basque nationalist separatist organization. Formed in response to the suppression of the Basque language and culture under the régime of General Francisco Franco (in power 1939–1975) in Spain, ETA evolved from an advocacy group for traditional Basque culture into an armed Marxist group demanding Basque independence. Many ETA victims were government officials; the group's first known victim, a police chief, died in 1968. In 1973 ETA operatives killed Franco's apparent successor, Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco, by planting an underground bomb under his habitual parking-spot outside a Madrid church. In 1995 an ETA car-bomb nearly killed José María Aznar, then the leader of the conservative People's Party, and in the same year investigators disrupted a plot to assassinate King Juan Carlos I. Efforts by Spanish governments to negotiate with the ETA failed, and in 2003 the Spanish Supreme Court banned the Batasuna political party, which was determined to be the political arm of ETA.
The Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) was an Irish nationalist movement founded in December 1969 when several militants, including Seán Mac Stíofáin, broke off from the Official IRA and formed a new organization. Led by Mac Stíofáin in the early 1970s and by a group around Gerry Adams since the late 1970s, the Provisional IRA sought to bring about an all-island Irish state. Between 1969 and 1997, during a period known as the Troubles, the group conducted an armed campaign, including bombings, gun attacks, assassinations and even a mortar attack on 10 Downing Street. On July 21, 1972, in an attack later dubbed Bloody Friday, the group set off twenty-two bombs, killing nine and injuring 130. On July 28, 2005, the Provisional IRA Army Council announced an end to its armed campaign. The IRA has links with and has provided military training to groups such as the FARC in Colombia and the PLO. In the case of the latter there has been a long-standing solidarity movement, as evidenced by many murals around Belfast.
The Red Army Faction (RAF) was a New Left group founded in 1968 by Andreas Baader and Ulrike Meinhof in West Germany. Inspired by Che Guevara, Maoist socialism, and the Vietcong, the group sought to raise awareness of the Vietnamese and Palestinian independence movements through kidnappings, taking embassies hostage, bank robberies, assassinations, bombings, and attacks on U.S. Air Force bases. The group became arguably best known for 1977's "German Autumn". The buildup leading to German Autumn began on April 7, when the RAF shot Federal Prosecutor Siegfried Buback. On July 30, it shot Jürgen Ponto, then head of the Dresdner Bank, in a failed kidnapping attempt; on September 5, the group kidnapped Hanns Martin Schleyer (a former SS officer and an important West German industrialist), executing him on October 19. The hijacking of the Lufthansa jetliner "Landshut" in October 1977 by the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a Palestinian group allied with the Red Army Faction, also forms part of the German Autumn.
The Red Brigades, a New Left group founded by Renato Curcio and Alberto Franceschini in 1970 and based in Italy, sought to create a revolutionary state. The group carried out a series of bombings and kidnappings until the arrests of Curcio and Franceschini in the mid-1970s. Their successor as leader, Mario Moretti, led the group toward more militarized and violent actions, including the kidnapping of former Italian Prime Minister Aldo Moro on March 16, 1978. Moro was killed 56 days later. This led to an all-out assault on the group by Italian law-enforcement and security forces and condemnation from Italian left-wing radicals and even from imprisoned ex-leaders of the Brigades. The group lost most of its social support and public opinion turned strongly against it. In 1984 the group split, the majority faction becoming the Communist Combatant Party (Red Brigades-PCC) and the minority faction reconstituting itself as the Union of Combatant Communists (Red Brigades-UCC). Members of these groups carried out a handful of assassinations before almost all were arrested in 1989.
The Americas.
The "Front de libération du Québec" (FLQ) was a Marxist Quebec nationalist group that sought to create an independent, socialist Quebec. Georges Schoeters founded the group in 1963 and was inspired by Che Guevara and Algeria's FLN. The group was accused of bombings, kidnappings, and assassinations of politicians, soldiers, and civilians. On October 5, 1970, the FLQ kidnapped James Richard Cross, the British Trade Commissioner, and on October 10, the Minister of Labor and Vice-Premier of Quebec, Pierre Laporte. Laporte was killed a week later. After these events support for violence in order to attain Quebec's independence declined, and support increased for the Parti Québécois, which took power in the 1976 Quebec general election.
In Colombia several paramilitary and guerrilla groups formed during the 1960s and afterwards. In 1983, President Fernando Belaúnde Terry of Peru described armed attacks on his nation's anti-narcotics police as "narcoterrorism", i.e., which refers to "violence waged by drug producers to extract political concessions from the government." Pablo Escobar's ruthless violence in his dealings with the Colombian and Peruvian governments has been probably two of the best known and best documented examples of narcoterrorism. Paramilitary groups associated with narcoterrorism include the Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN), the Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (FARC), and the Autodefensas Unidas de Colombia (AUC). While the ELN and FARC were originally left wing revolutionary groups and the AUC was originally a right-wing paramilitary, all have conducted numerous attacks on civilians and civilian infrastructure and engaged in the drug trade. The U.S. and some European governments consider them terrorist organizations.
The Jewish Defense League (JDL) was founded in 1969 by Rabbi Meir Kahane in New York City, with its declared purpose being the protection of Jews from harassment and antisemitism. Federal Bureau of Investigation statistics state that, from 1980 to 1985, 15 attacks which the FBI classified as acts of terrorism were attempted in the U.S. by members of the JDL. The National Consortium for the Study of Terror and Responses to Terrorism states that, during the JDL's first two decades of activity, it was an "active terrorist organization.". Kahane later founded the far-right Israeli political party Kach, which was banned from elections in Israel on the ground of racism. The JDL's present-day website condemns all forms of terrorism.
The "Fuerzas Armadas de Liberación Nacional" (FALN, "Armed Forces of National Liberation") is a nationalist group founded in Puerto Rico in 1974. Over the decade that followed the group used bombings and targeted killings of civilians and police in pursuit of an independent Puerto Rico. The FALN in 1975 took responsibility for four nearly simultaneous bombings in New York City. The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) has classified the FALN as a terrorist organization.
The Weather Underground (a.k.a. the Weathermen) began as a militant faction of the leftist Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) organization, and in 1969 took over the organization. Weathermen leaders, inspired by China's Maoists, the Black Panthers, and the 1968 student revolts in France, sought to raise awareness of its revolutionary anti-capitalist and anti-Vietnam War platform by destroying symbols of government power. From 1969 to 1974 the Weathermen bombed corporate offices, police stations, and Washington government sites such as the Pentagon. After the end of the Vietnam War in 1975, most of the group disbanded.
Asia.
The Japanese Red Army was founded by Fusako Shigenobu in Japan in 1971 and attempted to overthrow the Japanese government and start a world revolution. Allied with the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), the group committed assassinations, hijacked a commercial Japanese aircraft, and sabotaged a Shell oil refinery in Singapore. On May 30, 1972, Kōzō Okamoto and other group members launched a machine gun and grenade attack at Israel's Lod Airport in Tel Aviv, killing 26 people and injuring 80 others. Two of the three attackers then killed themselves with grenades.
Founded in 1976, the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, (also called "LTTE" or Tamil Tigers) was a militant Tamil nationalist political and paramilitary organization based in northern Sri Lanka. From its founding by Velupillai Prabhakaran, it waged a secessionist resistance campaign that sought to create an independent Tamil state in the northern and eastern regions of Sri Lanka. The conflict originated in measures the majority Sinhalese took that were perceived as attempts to marginalize the Tamil minority. The resistance campaign evolved into the Sri Lankan Civil War, one of the longest-running armed conflicts in Asia. The group carried out many bombings, including an April 21, 1987, car bomb attack at a Colombo bus terminal that killed 110 people. In 2009 the Sri Lankan military launched a major military offensive against the secessionist movement and claimed that it had effectively destroyed the LTTE.
Africa.
In Kenya, because of the seeming ongoing failure of the Kenyan African Union to obtain political reforms from the British government through peaceful means, radical activists within the KAU set up a splinter group and organised a more militant kind of nationalism. By 1952 the Mau Mau consisted of Kikuyu fighters, along with some Embu and Meru recruits. The Mau Mau carried out attacks on political opponents, loyalist villages, raiding white farms and destroying livestock. The colonial administration declared a state of emergency and British forces were sent to Kenya. The majority of fighting was between loyalist and Mau Mau Kikuyu, so many scholars today now consider it a Kikuyu civil war. The Kenyan Government considers the Mau Mau Uprising a key step towards Kenya's eventual independence in the 1960s. Many Mau Mau members provided reports of torture and abuse suffered by them to foreign journalists, though the British forces did have strict orders not to mistreat Mau Mau terrorists.
Founded in 1961, Umkhonto we Sizwe (MK) was the military wing of the African National Congress; it waged a guerrilla campaign against the South African apartheid regime and was responsible for many bombings. MK launched its first guerrilla attacks against government installations on 16 December 1961. The South African government subsequently banned the group after classifying it as a terrorist organization. MK's first leader was Nelson Mandela, who was tried and imprisoned for the group's acts. With the end of apartheid in South Africa, Umkhonto we Sizwe was incorporated into the South African National Defence Force.
Late 20th century.
In the 1980s and 1990s, Islamic militancy in pursuit of religious and political goals increased, many militants drawing inspiration from Iran's 1979 Islamic Revolution. In the 1990s, well-known violent acts that targeted civilians were the World Trade Center bombing by Islamic terrorists on February 26, 1993, the Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway by Aum Shinrikyo on March 20, 1995, and the bombing of Oklahoma City's Murrah Federal Building by Timothy McVeigh a month later that same year. This period also saw the rise of what is sometimes categorized as Single issue terrorism. If terrorism is the extension of domestic politics by other means, just as war is for diplomacy, then this represents the extension of pressure groups into violent action. Notable examples that grow in this period are Anti-abortion terrorism and Eco-terrorism.
The Americas.
The Contras were a counter-revolutionary militia formed in 1979 to oppose Nicaragua's Sandinista government. The Catholic Institute for International Relations asserted the following about contra operating procedures in 1987: "The record of the contras in the field... is one of consistent and bloody abuse of human rights, of murder, torture, mutilation, rape, arson, destruction and kidnapping." Americas Watchsubsequently folded into Human Rights Watchaccused the Contras of targeting health care clinics and health care workers for assassination; kidnapping civilians, torturing civilians; executing civilians, including children, who were captured in combat; raping women; indiscriminately attacking civilians and civilian houses; seizing civilian property; and burning civilian houses in captured towns. The contras disbanded after the election of Violetta Chamorro in 1990.
The April 19, 1995, Oklahoma City bombing was directed at the U.S. government, according to the prosecutor at the murder trial of Timothy McVeigh, who was convicted of carrying out the crime. The bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in downtown Oklahoma City claimed 168 lives and left over 800 people injured. McVeigh, who was convicted of first degree murder and executed, said his motivation was revenge for U.S. government actions at Waco and Ruby Ridge.
Pyroterrorism is an emerging threat for many areas of dry woodlands.
Middle East.
659 people died in Lebanon between 1982 and 1986 in 36 suicide attacks directed against American, French and Israeli forces, by 41 individuals with predominantly leftist political beliefs who were adherents of both the Christian and Muslim religions. The 1983 Beirut barracks bombing (by the Islamic Jihad Organization), which killed 241 U.S. and 58 French Multinational Force in Lebanon peacekeepers and six civilians at the peacekeeping barracks in Beirut, was particularly deadly. Hezbollah ("Party of God") is an Islamist movement and political party officially founded in Lebanon in 1985, ten years after the outbreak of that country's civil war. Inspired by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and the Iranian revolution, the group originally sought an Islamic revolution in Lebanon and has long fought for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Lebanon. Led by Sheikh Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah since 1992, the group has captured Israeli soldiers and carried out missile attacks and suicide bombings against Israeli targets.
Egyptian Islamic Jihad (a.k.a. "Al-Gamaa Al-Islamiyya") is a militant Egyptian Islamist movement dedicated to the establishment of an Islamic state in Egypt. The group was formed in 1980 as an umbrella organization for militant student groups which were formed after the leadership of the Muslim Brotherhood renounced violence. It is led by Omar Abdel-Rahman, who has been accused of participation in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing. In 1981, the group assassinated Egyptian president Anwar Sadat. On November 17, 1997, in what became known as the Luxor massacre, it attacked tourists at the Mortuary Temple of Hatshepsut (Deir el-Bahri); six men dressed as police officers machine-gunned 58 Japanese and European vacationers and four Egyptians.
On December 21, 1988, Pan Am Flight 103, a Pan American World Airways flight from London's Heathrow International Airport to New York City's John F. Kennedy International Airport, was destroyed mid flight over the Scottish town of Lockerbie, killing 270 people, including 11 on the ground. On January 31, 2001, Libyan Abdelbaset al-Megrahi was convicted by a panel of three Scottish judges of bombing the flight, and was sentenced to 27 years imprisonment. In 2002, Libya offered financial compensation to victims' families in exchange for lifting of UN and U.S. sanctions. In 2007 Megrahi was granted leave to appeal against his conviction, and in August 2009 was released on compassionate grounds by the Scottish Government due to his terminal cancer.
The first Palestinian suicide attack took place in 1989 when a member of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad ignited a bomb onboard Tel Aviv bus, killing 16 people. In the early 1990s another group, Hamas, also became well known for suicide bombings. Sheikh Ahmed Yassin, Abdel Aziz al-Rantissi and Mohammad Taha of the Palestinian wing of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood had created Hamas in 1987, at the beginning of the First Intifada, an uprising against Israeli rule in the Palestinian Territories which mostly consisted of civil disobedience but sometimes escalated into violence. Hamas's militia, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, began its own suicide bombings against Israel in 1993, eventually accounting for about 40% of them. Palestinian militant organizations have been responsible for rocket attacks on Israel, IED attacks, shootings, and stabbings. After winning legislative elections, Hamas since June 2007 has governed the Gaza portion of the Palestinian Territories. Hamas is designated as a terrorist organization by the European Union, Canada, Israel, Japan, and the United States. Australia and the United Kingdom have designated the military wing of Hamas, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, as a terrorist organization. The organization is banned in Jordan.It is not regarded as a terrorist organization by Iran, Russia, Norway, Switzerland, Brazil, Turkey, China, and Qatar. As well as Hamas, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Palestine Liberation Front, PFLP-General Command, and the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigade were all listed as terrorist organizations by the US State Department in the 1990s.
On February 25, 1994, Baruch Goldstein, an American-born Israeli physician, perpetrated the Cave of the Patriarchs massacre in the city of Hebron, Goldstein shot and killed between 30 and 54 Muslim worshippers inside the Ibrahimi Mosque (within the Cave of the Patriarchs), and wounded another 125 to 150. Goldstein, who after the shooting was found beaten to death with iron bars in the mosque, was a supporter of Kach, an Israeli political party founded by Rabbi Meir Kahane that advocated the expulsion of Arabs from Israel and the Palestinian Territories. In the aftermath of the Goldstein attack and Kach statements praising it, Kach was outlawed in Israel. Today, Kach and a breakaway group, Kahane Chai, are considered terrorist organisations by Israel, Canada, the European Union, and the United States. The far-right anti-miscegenation group Lehava, headed by former Kach member Bentzi Gopstein, is politically active inside Israel and its occupied territories.
Asia.
Aum Shinrikyo, now known as Aleph, was a Japanese religious group founded by Shoko Asahara in 1984 as a yogic meditation group. Later, in the 1990 Japanese general election, Asahara and 24 other members campaigned for election to the House of Representatives under the banner of Shinri-tō (Supreme Truth Party). None were voted in, and the group began to militarize. Between 1990 and 1995, the group attempted several apparently unsuccessful violent attacks using the methods of biological warfare, using botulin toxin and anthrax spores. On June 28, 1994, Aum Shinrikyo members released sarin gas from several sites in the Kaichi Heights neighborhood of Matsumoto, Japan, killing eight and injuring 200 in what became known as the Matsumoto incident. Seven months later, on March 20, 1995, Aum Shinrikyo members released sarin gas in a coordinated attack on five trains in the Tokyo subway system, killing 12 commuters and damaging the health of about 5,000 others in what became known as the subway sarin incident (地下鉄サリン事件, chikatetsu sarin jiken). In May 1995, Asahara and other senior leaders were arrested and the group's membership rapidly decreased.
In 1985, Air India Flight 182 flying from Canada was blown up by a bomb while in Irish airspace, killing 329 people, including 280 Canadian citizens, mostly of Indian birth or descent, and 22 Indians. The incident was the deadliest act of air terrorism before 9/11, and the first bombing of a Boeing 747 which would set a pattern for future air terrorism plots. The crash occurred within an hour of the fatal Narita Airport Bombing which also originated from Canada without the passenger for the bag that exploded on the ground. Evidence from the explosions, witnesses and wiretaps of militants pointed to an attempt to actually blow up two airliners simultaneously by members of the Babbar Khalsa Khalistan movement militant group based in Canada to punish India for attacking the Golden Temple.
Europe.
The Iranian Embassy siege took place in 1980, after a group of six armed men stormed the Iranian embassy in South Kensington, London. The government ordered the Special Air Service (SAS), a special forces regiment of the British Army, to conduct an assault—Operation Nimrod—to rescue the remaining hostages. This response set the tone for how Western governments would respond to terrorism. Replacing an era of negotiation with one of military intervention.
Chechen separatists, led by Shamil Basayev, carried out several attacks on Russian targets between 1994 and 2006. In the June 1995 Budyonnovsk hospital hostage crisis, Basayev-led separatists took over 1,000 civilians hostage in a hospital in the southern Russian city of Budyonnovsk. When Russian special forces attempted to free the hostages, 105 civilians and 25 Russian troops were killed.
21st century.
Major events - most deadly (300 deaths or more) or most covered - after the 2001 September 11 attacks include the 2002 Akshardham temple attack, 2002 Moscow Theatre Siege, the 2003 Istanbul bombings, the 2004 Madrid train bombings, the 2004 Beslan school hostage crisis, the 2005 London bombings, the 2005 New Delhi bombings, the 2007 Yazidi communities bombings, the 2008 Mumbai Hotel Siege, the 2009 Makombo massacre, the 2011 Norway attacks, the 2013 Iraq attacks, the 2014 Camp Speicher massacre, the 2014 Gamboru Ngala attack, the 2015 Paris attacks, the 2016 Karrada bombing, the 2016 Mosul massacre, the 2016 Hamam al-Alil massacre, the 2017 Mogadishu bombings, the 2017 Sinai attack and the October 7 attacks.
In the 21st century, most victims of terrorist attacks have been killed in Iraq, Afghanistan, Nigeria, Syria, Pakistan, India, Somalia or Yemen.
Europe.
The Moscow theatre hostage crisis was the seizure of a crowded Moscow theatre on 23 October 2002 by some 40 to 50 armed Chechens who claimed allegiance to the Islamist militant separatist movement in Chechnya. They took 850 hostages and demanded the withdrawal of Russian forces from Chechnya and an end to the Second Chechen War. The siege was officially led by Movsar Barayev. After a two-and-a-half-day siege, Russian Spetsnaz forces pumped an unknown chemical agent (thought to be fentanyl, 3-methylfentanyl), into the building's ventilation system and raided it. Officially, 39 of the attackers were killed by Russian forces, along with at least 129 and possibly many more of the hostages (including nine foreigners). All but a few of the hostages who died were killed by the gas pumped into the theatre, and many condemned the use of the gas as heavy handed. Roughly, 170 people died in all.
On September 1, 2004, in what became known as the Beslan school hostage crisis, 32 Chechen separatists took 1,300 children and adults hostage at Beslan's School Number One. When Russian authorities did not comply with the rebel demands that Russian forces withdraw from Chechnya, 20 adult male hostages were shot. After two days of stalled negotiations, Russian special forces stormed the building. In the ensuing melee, over 300 hostages died, along with 19 Russian servicemen and all but perhaps one of the rebels. Basayev is believed to have participated in organizing the attack..
The 2004 Madrid train bombings (also known in Spain as 11-M) were nearly simultaneous, coordinated bombings against the Cercanías commuter train system of Madrid, Spain, on the morning of 11 March 2004three days before Spain's general elections and two and a half years after the September 11 attacks in the United States. The explosions killed 191 people and wounded 1,800. It was concluded that the bombs were carried on the trains hidden in backpacks, While many went off three were found later that did not detonate. The official investigation by the Spanish judiciary found that the attacks were directed by an al-Qaeda-inspired terrorist cell. ETA and al Qaeda were the original suspects cited by the Spanish government.
The 7 July 2005 London bombings (often referred to as 7/7) were a series of coordinated suicide bomb attacks in central London which targeted civilians using the public transport system during the morning rush hour. On the morning of Thursday, 7 July 2005, four Islamist extremists separately detonated three bombs in quick succession aboard London Underground trains across the city and, later, a fourth on a double-decker bus in Tavistock Square. Fifty-two civilians were killed and over 700 more were injured in the attacks. Later a dozen unexploded bombs were found in a car located in North London. 3 out of the 4 suspects were identified Mohammed Silique Khan, Germaine Morris Lindsay, Shahzad Tawnier where they are found to be in cohorts with Osama Bin Laden and eventually documents are leaked showing that Osama bin laden and Rashid Ruff planned the London bombings.
In Norway in 2011 two sequential lone wolf terrorist attacks by right-wing extremist Anders Behring Breivik were carried out against the government, the civilian population, and a Workers' Youth League (AUF)-run summer camp in Norway on 22 July 2011. The attacks claimed a total of 77 lives. The first part of the attack was a van bomb in Oslo. The van was placed in front of the office block housing the office of Prime Minister and other government buildings. The explosion killed eight people and injured at least 209 people, twelve of them seriously. He followed this attack by impersonating a police officer to access the island on which the AUF summer camp was being held and proceeded to go on a shooting spree that killed 69 people.
In 2013 the British government branded the killing of a serviceman in a Woolwich street, a terrorist attack. One of his attackers made political statements which were later broadcast with blood still on his hands from the attack. The two men responsible for the attack remained on the scene until incapacitated by armed police. They were later tried and found guilty of murder.
From 7 January to 9 January 2015, a series of five terrorist attacks occurred across the Île-de-France region, particularly in Paris. The attacks killed a total of 17 people, in addition to the three perpetrators of the attack, and wounded 22 others, some of whom are in critical condition . A fifth shooting attack did not result in any fatalities. Numerous other smaller incidents of attacks on mosques have been reported, but have not yet been directly linked to the attacks. The group that claims responsibility for the attacks, Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, claimed that the attack had been planned for years ahead.
On 7 January 2015, two Islamist gunmen forced their way into and opened fire in the Paris headquarters of "Charlie Hebdo shooting", killing twelve: staff cartoonists Charb, Cabu, Philippe Honoré, Tignous and Georges Wolinski, economist Bernard Maris, editors Elsa Cayat and Mustapha Ourrad, guest Michel Renaud, maintenance worker Frédéric Boisseau and police officers Brinsolaro and Merabet, and wounding eleven, four of them seriously.
During the attack, the gunmen shouted "Allahu akbar" ("God is great" in Arabic) and also "the Prophet is avenged". President François Hollande described it as a "terrorist attack of the most extreme barbarity". The two gunmen were identified as Saïd Kouachi and Chérif Kouachi, French Muslim brothers of Algerian descent.
On 9 January, police tracked the assailants to an industrial estate in Dammartin-en-Goële, where they took a hostage. Another gunman also shot a police officer on 8 January and took hostages the next day, at a kosher supermarket near the Porte de Vincennes. GIGN (a special operations unit of the French Armed Forces), combined with RAID and BRI (special operations units of the French Police), conducted simultaneous raids in Dammartin and at Porte de Vincennes. Three terrorists were killed, along with four hostages who died in the Vincennes supermarket before the intervention; some other hostages were injured.
On 13 November, 28 hours after the Beirut attack, three groups of ISIS terrorists performed mass killings in various places in Paris' Xe and XIe arrondissements. They killed a total of more than 130 citizens. Hostages were taken in the concert hall "Le Bataclan" for three hours, and ninety were killed before the special police entered. President François Hollande immediately started the emergency threat procedure, for the first time on the entire French territory since the Algeria events in 1960.
On the morning of 22 March 2016, three coordinated suicide bombings occurred in Belgium: two at Brussels Airport in Zaventem, and one at Maalbeek metro station in central Brussels. They are referred to as the 2016 Brussels attacks. Thirty-two civilians and three perpetrators were killed, and more than 300 people were injured. Another bomb was found during a search of the airport. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) claimed responsibility for the attacks.
On 22 May 2017 a suicide bomber attacked Manchester Arena during an Ariana Grande concert. Twenty-three people died, including the attacker, and 139 were wounded, more than half of them children.
Middle East.
Osama bin Laden, closely advised by Egyptian Islamic Jihad leader Ayman al-Zawahiri, in 1988 founded Al-Qaeda (Arabic: القاعدة, meaning "The Base"), an Islamic jihadist movement to replace Western-controlled or dominated Muslim countries with Islamic fundamentalist regimes. In pursuit of that goal, bin Laden issued a 1996 manifesto that vowed violent jihad against U.S. Armed Forces based in Saudi Arabia. On August 7, 1998, individuals associated with Al Qaeda and Egyptian Islamic Jihad carried out simultaneous bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa which resulted in 224 deaths. On October 12, 2000, Al-Qaeda carried out the USS Cole bombing, a suicide bombing of the U.S. Navy destroyer USS "Cole" harbored in the Yemeni port of Aden. The bombing killed seventeen U.S. sailors.
On September 11, 2001, nineteen men affiliated with al-Qaeda hijacked four commercial passenger jets all bound for California, crashing two of them into the World Trade Center in New York City, the third into the Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia, and the fourth (originally intended to target Washington, D.C., either the White House or the U.S. Capitol) into an open field near Shanksville, Pennsylvania, after a revolt by the plane's passengers. As a result of the attacks, 2,996 people (including the 19 hijackers) perished and more than 6,000 others were injured.
The United States responded to the attacks by launching the War on Terror. Specifically, on October 7, 2001, it invaded Afghanistan to depose the Taliban, which had harbored al-Qaeda terrorists. On October 26, 2001, the U.S. enacted the Patriot Act that expanded the powers of U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies. Many countries followed with similar legislation. Under the Obama administration, the U.S. changed tactics moving away from ground combat with large numbers of troops, to the use of drones and special forces. This campaign eliminated much of al-Qaeda's most senior members, including a strike by Seal Team Six that resulted in the death of Osama Bin Laden in 2011.
On Israel's northern border, after its unilateral withdrawal from southern Lebanon in May 2000, Hezbollah launched numerous Katyusha rocket attacks against non-civilian and civilian areas within northern Israel. Within Israel, the 1993–2008 Second Intifada involved in part a series of suicide bombings against civilian and non-civilian targets. 1100 Israelis were killed in the Second Intifada, the majority being civilians. A 2007 study of Palestinian suicide bombings from September 2000 through August 2005 found that 40% percent were carried out by Hamas's Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, and roughly 26% by the Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) and Fatah militias. Also, between 2001 and January 2009, over 8,600 rocket attacks were launched from the Gaza Strip were launched into civilian areas and non-civilian areas inside Israel, causing deaths, injuries, and psychological trauma.
Formed in 2003, Jundallah is a Sunni insurgent group from Iranian Balochistan and neighboring Pakistan. It has committed numerous attacks within Iran, stating that it is fighting for the rights of the Sunni minority there. In 2005 the group attempted to assassinate Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. The group takes credit for other bombings, including the 2007 Zahedan bombings. Iran and other sources accuse the group of being a front for or supported by other nations, in particular the U.S. and Pakistan.
As the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant increases in size and power their attacks are affecting all parts of the world even in their own back yard of Turkey. Taking place in Istanbul a suicide bomber once again detonated a car bomb killing 4 people and injuring 31. No extremist group took responsibility for the attack but the attacker Mehmet Ozturk was linked to have ties with ISIS. This was just days after the car bomb attack in Turkey's capital of Ankara killing 37 people. The United States National Security Council asked for the repeated terror attacks on Turkey to stop, and that the War on Terror will just become stronger due actions like these killing innocent people. Since the attacks Israel has requested that its citizens not travel to Turkey unless its necessary.
Asia.
 
On December 27, 2007, two time elected Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was assassinated during a gathering she was having with her supporters while campaigning for the 2008 Pakistani general election. A suicide bomber detonated a bomb along with other extremists against her shooting off guns killing the prime minister and 14 other people. She was immediately rushed to the hospital and was pronounced dead. She was believed to be target because she was warning Pakistan along with the world of the uprising Jihadist groups and extremist groups gaining power. The responsibility of her death falls on the president of the time Pervez Musharraf who also was the former Chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee of the Pakistan Armed Forces. She had several conversations with Musharraf about upping her security due to the increase of death threats she was receiving and he denied her request. Although Al-Qaeda took responsibility for her death it is seen in the eye of the people as Musharraf's fault for not taking her concerns seriously. However, during his trial he denies that no conversation happened between him and Bhutto about the security of her life.
The 2008 Mumbai attacks were more than ten coordinated shooting and bombing attacks across Mumbai, India's largest city, by Lashkar-e-Taiba, a Pakistani Islamic terrorist organization with ties to ISI, Pakistan's secret service. The six main targets were 
 The attacks, which drew widespread condemnation across the world, began on 26 November 2008 and lasted until 29 November, killing at least 173 people and wounding at least 308.
On January 14, 2016, a series of terrorist attacks took place in Jakarta, Indonesia resulting in 8 dead. The responsibility of these attacks were claimed by ISIS. Counter terrorism has named this type of attack 'Marauding Terrorist Firearms Attack' because of the fast reaction needed by local policemen to stop the gunfire attack from the terrorists. The attack on Jakarta is linked to a bigger picture of terror in the Indonesian country for those of ISIS. Indonesia is home of the "largest regional terror groups" housing seven Islamist extremist groups. Leaving the thoughts that ISIS is trying to establish a satellite city in Indonesia, due to the fact that it has the largest Muslim population. Although ISIS branches have not yet reached the land of Southeast Asia in big masses, there is the fear that it is only a matter of time until Indonesias small extremist groups grow in masses once direct contact with ISIS is made. Once contact is established local terror groups will quickly mobilize to carry out the tasks that ISIS asks of them. ISIS will turn to Southeast Asia because it is only evident that they will lose control of the middle east.
Americas.
2001 also saw the second acknowledged act of bioterrorism with the 2001 anthrax attacks (the first being intentional food poisoning conducted in The Dalles, Oregon by Rajneeshee followers in 1984), when letters carrying anthrax spores were posted to several major American media outlets and two Democratic Party politicians. This resulted in several of the first fatalities attributed to a bioterror attack.
The more recent terrorist attack in the United States have included the 2015 San Bernardino attack, the Boston Marathon Bombing, the 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers, and the shooting of multiple black parishioners at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina, and car attack on anti-fascist protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, by right-wing extremists and white supremacists. There have been calls by some analysts to describe violence committed by incels as terrorism.

</doc>
<doc id="6999789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999789" title="John P Anton">
John P Anton



</doc>
<doc id="6999790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999790" title="Cetiosaur">
Cetiosaur



</doc>
<doc id="6999792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999792" title="Olaf de Fleur">
Olaf de Fleur

Olaf de Fleur (real name: "Ólafur Jóhannesson" born 1975) is an Icelandic film director, scriptwriter and producer.
Early life.
Fleur was born in Búðardalur, Iceland. He founded the independent production company, Poppoli Pictures, in 2003. Poppoli’s first production, "Shining Star", brought him Best Documentary Feature award at the Icelandic Film Awards (The Edda) in 2004. "Shining Star" is an autobiographical story of Icelandic rock icon Bubbi Morthens. He won the award again in 2005 for the feature documentary "Africa United", which follows the formation of a football team of immigrants from all over the world who intend to take the Icelandic 3rd division by storm. It is an enchanting journey into the dreams and aspirations of a football-crazy coach and his colorful ensemble of players who have to overcome their egos for a true team spirit. His third documentary, entitled "Act Normal", saw release in 2006. It is a film about a Buddhist monk who in the 10 years that it took to film the project, disrobes, marries and divorces before becoming a monk again. Olaf commenced that project years before founding Poppoli Pictures, when as a young man he was exploring the Buddhist way.
Film career.
Olaf wrote and directed his first feature film, "The Amazing Truth About Queen Raquela", which won him the Teddy award for Best Feature at the Berlinale (Berlin International Film Festival) in 2008 where it was presented in the Panorama section of the festival. The film travelled the festival circuit for over two years, has won numerous awards internationally and received the Best Nordic Council Film Prize nomination in 2009. It received the Grand Jury Prize in the 10th 2008 Cinemanila International Film Festival at Malacañan Palace's Kalayaan Hall. Furthermore, it has won “Best Feature” and “Showtime Vanguard Award” at the New York LGBT International Film Festival and as well as the “Special contribution to cinema language” award at Cinemacity in Serbia in 2008. The film depicts the life of Raquela, a Filipino transgender girl, born in the wrong male body. She dreams of escaping her life of internet porn and hustling in Cebu, Philippines, for a fairytale life in Paris. But first she must take an unexpected detour.
Olaf released his second feature, "The Higher Force", in 2008. It is a comedy that was well received by the national audience. "The Higher Force" premiered internationally at the AFI Film Festival in November 2008 and shortly after it was included in the official selection at the International Film Festival Rotterdam and traveled to several other international film festivals. The film tells of a low-life debt collector becomes the main man in his gang through twists and turns where he makes his fellow gang members believe there is a newly returned crime lord coming to take back his territory, when in fact this mystery person is a mere lonely and deranged school teacher.
In 2011, Olaf and his producer Kristin Andrea released one documentary called Adequate Beings and two fiction features, "City State" and "Polite People". "Adequate Beings" is a documentary project focusing on the farming community of Olaf's childhood stomping grounds, Budardalur valley on the west coast of Iceland where small farmers are facing bankruptcy as their old practices are undermined by complex trade regulations and market forces beyond their control, just as is occurring worldwide with the advancement of globalization. It premiered at the Icelandic documentary festival Skjaldborg and was a part of the Icelandic focus at the Reykjavik International Film Festival.
"Polite People" is a black comedy starring Stefán Karl Stefánsson who portrays a desperate city slicker engineer who cheats his way into a small farming community by pretending to know how to re-finance the community's slaughterhouse and save the town, not knowing that he's walking into a local turmoil of small-town politics and general misbehaving. Recently, the film received 4 nominations at the Icelandic Film Awards (The Edda) including best script.
"City State" is set in modern-day Iceland, an immigrant vows revenge after losing his unborn child in an attack by a crime syndicate, thereby binding his fate with a troubled policewoman, her corrupt police commander, and a crime lord who's losing his edge. Starring Ágústa Eva Erlendsdóttir, Ingvar E. Sigurðsson, Sigurður Sigurjónsson and Zlatko Krickic this Nordic crime drama shares similar spirit of the "Millennium" series or the "Pusher" trilogy. City State received 9 nominations for the Icelandic Film Awards (The Edda) and won for Best Sound Design. Although unreleased internationally, City State is scheduled for a Hollywood remake with director James Mangold.
Olaf co-wrote and directed *Brave Men's Blood*, the sequel to *City State*, which received international distribution. The *City State* films have sparked multiple remake attempts within the Hollywood studio system. Olaf also directed Florence Pugh in the Netflix film *Malevolent*, which received critical acclaim. Since then, he has shifted his focus to writing, including sci-fi novels and a children’s book, while delving deeply into documentary filmmaking. His documentary *King of the Butterflies* won **Best Documentary** at the **Los Angeles Innovation Film Fest Summer 2023**. His two latest documentaries, *Self-Defense* and *COVISLAND*, are set for release in 2025. 
Additional Contributions.
- Olaf served as the Artistic Director for the Reykjavik International Film Festival (RIFF) Talent Lab, fostering emerging filmmakers worldwide.
- He has worked with Eurimages, the European cinema support fund, contributing to international film collaborations.
- Olaf has created six exclusive film classes for Skillshare.com, focusing on storytelling, directing, and production techniques.
- His website, fearwillwrite, serves as a hub for his projects and teaching resources.
References.
Award Los Angeles Film Invasion Festival
https://filminvasionla.com/2024-festival/2024-awards-by-title

</doc>
<doc id="6999795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999795" title="Required rate of return">
Required rate of return



</doc>
<doc id="6999798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999798" title="Somerset Maugham Prize">
Somerset Maugham Prize



</doc>
<doc id="6999801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999801" title="Cetiosauridae">
Cetiosauridae

Cetiosauridae is a family of sauropod dinosaurs which was first proposed by Richard Lydekker in 1888. While traditionally a wastebasket taxon containing various unrelated species, some recent studies have found that it may represent a natural clade. Alongside "Cetiosaurus" from the Middle Jurassic of Britain, other taxa recently assigned to the family include "Lapparentosaurus" from the Middle Jurassic of Madagascar, and "Patagosaurus" from the late Early-Middle Jurassic of Patagonia, which share autapomorphies with "Cetiosaurus" that are not shared by other eusauropods. Additionally, at least one study has suggested that the mamenchisaurids may represent a sub-group of the cetiosaurids, which would be termed Mamenchisaurinae.
Cladogram of Sauropoda after Holwerda et al 2021, showing the position of Cetiosauridae:

</doc>
<doc id="6999802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999802" title="Main pancreatic duct">
Main pancreatic duct



</doc>
<doc id="6999803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999803" title="Thibert II">
Thibert II



</doc>
<doc id="6999804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999804" title="Gene Roland">
Gene Roland

Gene Roland (September 15, 1921 – August 11, 1982) was an American jazz musician, composer, and arranger who contributed richly to American jazz, especially through his work with the Stan Kenton Orchestra. Born in Dallas, Texas, he played multiple instruments, including the trumpet, trombone, and saxophone, and collaborated with musicians including Count Basie and Dizzy Gillespie. Roland was pivotal in defining the unique 'Four Brothers' sound that influenced big band jazz. Throughout his career, he contributed groundbreaking arrangements and compositions for many major bands, performing globally and working with Denmark's Radiohus Orchestra.
Life and work.
Roland, who gained a degree in music from the University of North Texas College of Music, first met Kenton in 1944, playing fifth trumpet and contributing arrangements. He worked briefly with Lionel Hampton and Lucky Millinder and then rejoined Kenton in 1945, this time as a trombonist and writer (he arranged the hit "Tampico").
Roland played piano and wrote for a group in 1946 that included Stan Getz, Zoot Sims, Jimmy Giuffre and Herbie Steward and would lead to Woody Herman's Four Brothers Second Herd. In the late 1940s, Roland played trombone with Georgie Auld, trumpet with Count Basie, Charlie Barnet and Lucky Millinder and contributed charts for the big bands of Claude Thornhill and Artie Shaw. After leading a giant rehearsal band in 1950 that included Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker, Roland wrote for Kenton in 1951, Dan Terry in 1954, and Woody Herman from 1956 to 1958, for whom he contributed 65 arrangements. Roland was a major force in Kenton's mellophonium band of the early 1960s, not only writing for the ensemble but performing as one of the mellophoniums; he also occasionally doubled on soprano sax with the orchestra.
Roland remained active as a writer in the 1960s and 1970s, working with the Radiohus Orchestra in Copenhagen (1967) and contributing charts to Kenton as well as Dan Terry's "D.T.B.B.B." album (Metronome Records, 1981); he also played trumpet, piano and tenor with his own groups. In addition to writing an entire album for Kenton, Roland led his 1950 rehearsal band on a Spotlite release (Parker is one of his sidemen), led half of an album (recorded in 1957 and 1959) for Dawn Records in which he plays trumpet, and arranged a 1963 octet record for Brunswick Records.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Stan Kenton
With others

</doc>
<doc id="6999805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999805" title="Turnianska Nova Ves">
Turnianska Nova Ves



</doc>
<doc id="6999806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999806" title="Hematobilia">
Hematobilia



</doc>
<doc id="6999809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999809" title="Columbine rpg">
Columbine rpg



</doc>
<doc id="6999810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999810" title="Théodebert II">
Théodebert II



</doc>
<doc id="6999811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999811" title="Finding North">
Finding North

Finding North is a 1998 gay-themed independent comedy-drama film. Written by Kim Powers and directed by Tanya Wexler, the film stars Wendy Makkena and John Benjamin Hickey.
Plot.
"Finding North" tells the story of Rhonda (Makkena), a bank teller who's depressed upon turning 30, and Travis (Hickey), a gay man who's recently lost his lover to AIDS and grown suicidal. Travis receives an audio tape recorded by his lover, Bobby, before his death which sends him on a scavenger hunt of sorts to Bobby's home town in Texas. Through a series of mishaps, Rhonda ends up accompanying him on his journey. Together they follow Bobby's instructions as best they can, collecting items that represent Bobby's past, despite the many changes to the town in the years since Bobby left. Ultimately they end up at the grave site Bobby's parents had prepared for him decades earlier. They bury the collected items at Bobby's instruction and together start to try "finding north" (an expression of Bobby's; "when things hit rock bottom, sure as hell can't get any further south, might as well start finding north").
Awards and nominations.
Verzaubert - International Gay &amp; Lesbian Film Festival Rosebud Award - Best Film (nominated)
DVD release.
"Finding North" was released on Region 1 DVD on March 7, 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="6999813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999813" title="Columbine massacre rpg">
Columbine massacre rpg



</doc>
<doc id="6999817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999817" title="Józef Krupiński">
Józef Krupiński

Józef Krupiński (September 24, 1930 – September 1, 1998) was a Polish poet. He spent the last days of his life in Orzesze, Poland. Prizewinner of the Edward Stachura Award and member of the Association of Polish Writers in Katowice.
From 1969 he published his works in literacy periodicals such as "Akant", "Poezja", "Miesięcznik Literacki" or "Życie Literackie". His most important collections are "Marsz żałobny", "Z pokładów serca", "Mój pogrzeb pierwszy".
His works express longing of a miner for a landscape of Kujawy.

</doc>
<doc id="6999819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999819" title="Super columbine rpg">
Super columbine rpg



</doc>
<doc id="6999823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999823" title="Hemosuccus pancreaticus">
Hemosuccus pancreaticus

Hemosuccus pancreaticus is a rare cause of hemorrhage in the gastrointestinal tract. It is caused by a bleeding source in the pancreas, pancreatic duct, or structures adjacent to the pancreas, such as the splenic artery, that bleed into the pancreatic duct, which is connected with the bowel at the duodenum, the first part of the small intestine. Patients with hemosuccus may develop symptoms of gastrointestinal hemorrhage, such as blood in the stools, maroon stools, or melena, which is a dark, tarry stool caused by digestion of red blood cells. They may also develop abdominal pain. It is associated with pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer and aneurysms of the splenic artery. Hemosuccus may be identified with endoscopy (esophagogastroduodenoscopy), where fresh blood may be seen from the pancreatic duct. Alternatively, angiography may be used to inject the celiac axis to determine the blood vessel that is bleeding. This may also be used to treat hemosuccus, as embolization of the end vessel may terminate the hemorrhage. However, a distal pancreatectomy—surgery to remove of the tail of the pancreas—may be required to stop the hemorrhage.
Signs and symptoms.
Hemosuccus pancreaticus is a rare entity, and estimates of its rate are based on small case series. It is the least frequent cause of upper gastrointestinal bleeding (1/1500) and is most often caused by chronic pancreatitis, pancreatic pseudocysts, or pancreatic tumors. As a result, the diagnosis may easily be overlooked. The usual presentation of hemosuccus is the development of symptoms of upper or lower gastrointestinal bleeding, such as melena (or dark, black tarry stools), maroon stools, or hematochezia, which is frank rectal bleeding. The source of hemorrhage is usually not determined by standard endoscopic techniques, and the symptoms of the condition are usually grouped as a cause of obscure overt gastrointestinal hemorrhage. Over one-half of patients with hemosuccus also develop abdominal pain, usually located in the epigastrium, or uppermost part of the abdomen. The pain is described as being "crescendo-decrescendo" in nature, meaning that it increases and decreases in intensity slowly with time. This is thought to be due to transient blockage of the pancreatic duct from the source of bleeding, or from clots. If the source of the bleeding also involves obstruction of the common bile duct (such as with some tumours of the head of the pancreas), the patient may develop jaundice, or "silver stools", an uncommon finding of acholic stools mixed with blood.
Causes.
The causes of hemosuccus pancreaticus can be grouped into diseases of the pancreas and diseases of the vascular structures around the pancreas. Diseases of the pancreas include acute and chronic pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer, pancreatic duct stones, 
ruptured aneurysms of the splenic artery, and pseudoaneurysms of the splenic artery 
and hepatic artery. 
Pseudoaneurysms are complications of pancreatitis where a pseudocyst is formed, with one wall abutting an artery, usually the splenic artery. Should the arterial wall rupture, the pseudoaneurysm will hemorrhage into the pancreatic duct.
Rarely the bleeding is not channeled into the bowel from the main pancreatic duct (or "duct of Wirsung"), but rather comes from the accessory pancreatic duct (or "duct of Santorini"). The former is termed "Wirsungorrhage" and the latter is termed "Santorinirrhage". Bleeding from the duct of Santorini can be caused by pancreas divisum, a possible congenital cause of pancreatitis.
Testing and diagnosis.
The diagnosis of hemosuccus pancreaticus can be difficult to make. Most patients who develop bleeding in the gastrointestinal tract have endoscopic procedures done to visualize the bowel in order to find and treat the source of the bleeding. With hemosuccus, the bleeding is coming from the pancreatic duct which enters into the first part of the small intestine, termed the duodenum. Typical gastroscopes used to visualize the esophagus, stomach and duodenum are designed with fiber-optic illumination that is directed in the same direction as the endoscope, meaning that visualization is in the forward direction. However, the pancreatic duct orifice is located on the side of the duodenum, meaning that it can be missed on forward-viewing endoscopy. A side-viewing endoscope (known as a "duodenoscope", or "side-viewer") used for endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP), a procedure to visualize the bile ducts and pancreatic duct on fluoroscopy, can be used to localize the bleeding to the pancreatic duct. 
It can be confused with bleeding from the common bile duct on endoscopy, leading to the term "pseudohematobilia".
Liver function test is normal apart from an increased serum bilirubin in the event of pancreaticobiliary reflux. Serum amylase is normal outside episodes of acute pancreatitis. It is difficult to diagnose HP because the bleeding is usually intermittent. Endoscopy is essential in ruling out other causes of upper gastrointestinal bleeding and in rare cases; active bleeding can be seen from the duodenal ampulla. Even though endoscopy may be normal, it helps to rule out other causes of upper digestive bleeding (erosive gastritis, peptic ulcers, and oesophageal and gastric fundus varices, etc.). Ultrasonography can be used to visualize pancreatic pseudocysts or aneurysm of the peripancreatic arteries. Doppler ultrasound or dynamic ultrasound has been reported to be diagnostic. Contrast-enhanced CT is an excellent modality for demonstrating the pancreatic pathology and can also demonstrate features of chronic pancreatitis, pseudocysts, and pseudoaneurysms. On precontrast CT, the characteristic finding of clotted blood in the pancreatic duct, known as the sentinel clot, is seldom seen. Computed tomography may show simultaneous opacification of an aneurysmal artery and pseudocyst or persistence of contrast within a pseudocyst after the arterial phase. Again, these findings are only suggestive of the diagnosis. Ultimately, angiography is the diagnostic reference standard. Angiography identifies the causative artery and allows for delineation of the arterial anatomy and therapeutic intervention. 
Treatment.
Treatment of hemosuccus pancreaticus depends on the source of the hemorrhage. If the bleeding is identified on angiography to be coming from a vessel that is small enough to occlude, embolization through angiography may stop the bleeding. Both coils in the end-artery and stents across the area of bleeding have been used to control the hemorrhage. However, the bleeding may be refractory to the embolization, which would necessitate surgery to remove the pancreas at the source of hemorrhage. Also, the cause of bleeding may be too diffuse to be treated with embolization (such as with pancreatitis or with pancreatic cancer). This may also require surgical therapy, and usually a distal pancreatectomy, or removal of the part of the pancreas from the area of bleeding to the tail, is required.
History.
Hemosuccus pancreaticus was first described as a cause of hemorrhage in 1931 by Lower and Farrell, who described an aneurysm of the splenic artery causing bleeding through the pancreatic duct.
In 1969, Vankemmel proposed the term "wirsungorrhagia" (currently used in France). In 1970, Sandblom published three cases and coined the term "hemosuccus pancreaticus" to describe the similarity of the disorder to the clinical syndrome of hemobilia.

</doc>
<doc id="6999824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999824" title="Fred Wooster">
Fred Wooster

Fred L. J. Wooster (5 January 1938 – 1 November 1993) was one of the founders of the Saanich Lacrosse Association in Saanich, British Columbia, and a well known local figure for lacrosse. Wooster devoted much of his time and work behind the scenes organizing box lacrosse clubs and developing players in the Victoria, British Columbia area. Notably, Wooster played for the Victoria Shamrocks during the 1950s and early 1960s, maintaining ties to the organisation throughout his life. He also held executive positions with the British Columbia Lacrosse Association, including president from 1972 to 1973. In 1987, Fred Wooster was inducted into the Canadian Lacrosse Hall of Fame. 

</doc>
<doc id="6999830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999830" title="Opava, Veľký Krtíš">
Opava, Veľký Krtíš



</doc>
<doc id="6999837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999837" title="Stewart Lake National Wildlife Refuge">
Stewart Lake National Wildlife Refuge

Stewart Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. Almost of Stewart Lake NWR is an easement refuge and is on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The remaining acreage is on public lands. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Stewart Lake NWR from their offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="6999839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999839" title="CTNS">
CTNS

CTNS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6999840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999840" title="Joaquin Peiro">
Joaquin Peiro



</doc>
<doc id="6999844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999844" title="Edwin collins">
Edwin collins



</doc>
<doc id="6999855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999855" title="Chad (Bleach)">
Chad (Bleach)



</doc>
<doc id="6999867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999867" title="Guitar Solos">
Guitar Solos

Guitar Solos is the debut solo album of English guitarist, composer, and improviser Fred Frith. It was recorded while Frith was still a member of the English experimental rock group Henry Cow and was released in the United Kingdom on LP record by Caroline Records in October 1974. The album comprises eight tracks of unaccompanied and improvised music played on prepared guitars by Frith without any overdubbing.
"Guitar Solos" was voted one of the best albums of 1974 by "NME" critics. AllMusic called it a landmark album because of its innovative and experimental approach to guitar playing. It also attracted the attention of Brian Eno, resulting in Frith playing guitar on two of Eno's albums, and spawned two follow-up albums, "Guitar Solos 2" (1976) and "Guitar Solos 3" (1979).
"Guitar Solos" was remastered and released on CD on Frith's own record label, Fred Records, in 2002. In February 2024, a fiftieth anniversary edition of the album was released on double-LP by Week-End Records entitled , comprising the original 1974 album, plus a new solo album of 13 previously unreleased tracks.
Background.
Fred Frith was a classically-trained violinist who turned to playing blues guitar while still at school. In 1967 he went to Cambridge University where he and fellow student, Tim Hodgkinson formed Henry Cow. While at University, Frith read John Cage's "", which changed his attitude to music completely. He realised that "sound, in and of itself, can be as important as ... melody and harmony and rhythm." This changed his approach to the guitar, "just to see what I could get out of it", and initiated a long period of experimentation that continued throughout Frith's musical career.
While the music of Henry Cow was highly orchestrated and structured, Frith also began to experiment with unstructured music, using prepared instruments and chance composition. In June 1974, after the release of Henry Cow's second album "Unrest", Virgin Records (Henry Cow's record label) commissioned a solo record from Frith. They were impressed with his musical ability and gave him free rein to record whatever he wanted. Frith accepted Virgin's challenge, realising that he had "an interesting opportunity to see if I could actually redefine what the instrument was." He decided that the album would consist of a number of "minimally planned improvisation[s]", "a set of études". Frith spent four days in July 1974 recording at the Kaleidophon Studios in London, and in October that year, Virgin released the album as "Guitar Solos" on their budget label, Caroline Records.
Frith believes that Virgin wanted to transform him into a guitar hero. "[They] were trying to turn me into a star, which is what record companies try to do." Frith had no interest in becoming a "guitar hero", and said "I couldn't do those things, it's not my vocabulary ... I wasn't going to be the next Jeff Beck. So, rather than produce a "guitar hero record", what Frith made "was almost the antithesis" of what Virgin were expecting. American music academic Benjamin Piekut noted the similarity between "Guitar Solos" and Derek Bailey's 1971 album, "Solo Guitar", but added that while Frith knew Bailey at the time, he had not heard Bailey's solo album.
Recording.
Frith recorded the album at David Vorhaus's Kaleidophon Studios in London on 11–13 and 15 July 1974, where he played a modified 1936 Gibson K-11. He added an extra pickup over the strings at the nut, enabling him to amplify sound from both sides of the fretted note. He then split the fretboard in two with a capo, effectively giving him two guitars, each amplified separately that he could play independently with each hand. To split the sounds further he attached alligator clips at various positions on the strings. The net result was a guitar with multiple sound sources that could be channelled to a mixer and distributed across the stereo soundscape. A microphone was also positioned on the guitar, on Frith's seat, at his throat to record his breath, and several were placed around the studio.
The album was recorded in four days without any overdubbing. All the pieces were improvised, some completely, some to a roughly preconceived idea, and sound as they were played, except for "No Birds", which was recorded in two parts, and "Not Forgotten", from which two notes were removed. The only sounds not produced 'naturally' by guitar are those of a fuzzbox used on "Out of Their Heads (On Locoweed)", "Heat c/w Moment" and "No Birds", an echo delay used on "No Birds", and ambient noise from Frith's breath and feet on "Heat c/w Moment".
On the longest track on the album, "No Birds", Frith played on two prepared guitars simultaneously, creating the timbre and range of an orchestra. He laid the two guitars flat on a table, neck to neck with the bodies of the guitars at opposite ends and the necks parallel to each other. He tuned the strings on both guitars to one note, and because they were stereo guitars with nut pickups, he had six separate sound sources coming from each guitar. Using volume pedals on some of the sound sources, he filtered sounds in and out of the mix without doing anything on the guitars.
"No Birds" is the only track on the album recorded with the guitars flat on a table. On all the other tracks the guitars are held in the "conventional position", that is against the player's body. Frith took the title of "No Birds" from the last line of a poem, "One Nest Rolls After Another" by Captain Beefheart that was printed on the back of the LP sleeve of his 1971 album, "Mirror Man". Frith also used the phrase "No Birds" in the Frith/Cutler song, "Beautiful as the Moon – Terrible as an Army with Banners", which was released on Henry Cow's 1975 album, "In Praise of Learning".
Reception and influence.
"Guitar Solos" was voted one of the best albums of 1974 by "New Musical Express" critics. In a review in "NME" in November 1974, Charles Shaar Murray described it as "a totally revolutionary album" and "an undeniable landmark in the history of rock guitar". Sean Westergaard of AllMusic called "Guitar Solos" a landmark album because of its innovative and experimental approach to guitar playing. He said it seldom sounds like traditional guitar music, "but the pieces have a logic (and beauty, in some cases) all their own." Westergaard described the work as "challenging, avant-garde music, but [not] unapproachable." In the January 1983 edition of "DownBeat" magazine, Bill Milkowski wrote that on "Guitar Solos" "Frith unveiled a haunting collection of improvised music on prepared guitar which must have stunned listeners of the day. Even today [1983] that album stands up as uniquely innovative and undeniably daring." Piekut described "Guitar Solos" as "extraordinary not only for the astonishing precision and originally of Frith's technique, but for his "détournement" of an instrument whose entire history had been governed by a simple rule: you pluck it and it goes twang."
Nicole V. Gagné wrote in her 1990 book, "Sonic Transports: New Frontiers in Our Music" that the music on "Guitar Solos" is an "unprecedented ... lexicon of revolutionary sounds" which "leaves you wondering what guitar-playing "is"."[italics in the source] She said Frith displays his "astounding technique" of abruptly switching "timbres, multiple rhythmic lines, subtle nuances in volume [and] harmonic densities" within a single piece of music. Gagné commented on some of the tracks:
In "Glass c/w Steel", Frith meticulously fades up, one after the other, four strands of sound, and overlays them into an eerie haze, out of which bounds a rubbery, animal-like line. As this critter bounces and jabbers, the backdrop continues to shift, eventually swelling into loud silvery bells, and then taking a protesting descent back into silence. In "Ghosts", distorted chords expand and collapse with sudden changes of volume. Those ectoplasmic sounds, in a modified form, flit about "Out of Their Heads (On Locoweed)", a track which reworks the formula of "Glass c/w Steel".
Gagné remarked that "the album's biggest surprise" is when it was recorded. She stated that it "is still light years beyond most musicians" and listeners could find themselves "falling out of love with guitarists who haven't grasped the implications of Frith's approach."
"Guitar Solos" attracted the attention of Brian Eno who was "excited by the timbral possibilities that [Frith had] been discovering." Eno asked Frith to record with him, and this resulted in Frith playing guitar on two of Eno's albums, "Before and After Science" (1977) and "Music for Films" (1978). The table-top guitar setup Frith used on "Guitar Solos" became a standard for many of his subsequent live performances, including those recorded on his 1982 live double album "Live in Japan". He later extended his technique to include "found objects", which he used on his guitars to extract new sounds.
The success of "Guitar Solos" spawned two follow-up albums, "Guitar Solos 2" (1976) and "Guitar Solos 3" (1979), which featured Frith and other improvising guitarists, including Derek Bailey and Hans Reichel. Frith coordinated and produced these albums, and employed many of the same "unorthodox techniques" he had used on "Guitar Solos". When a remastered edition of the original "Guitar Solos" was released 28 years later on Frith's own Fred Records label, it attracted further praise from critics. Westergaard wrote that ""Guitar Solos"' lasting legacy is that it radically redefined the way some people think about the guitar."
Re-issues.
In 1991 RecRec Music (Switzerland) and East Side Digital Records (United States) re-issued "Guitar Solos" on CD comprising all the tracks from the original "Guitar Solos" LP, plus the Fred Frith tracks from the follow-up albums, "Guitar Solos 2" and "Guitar Solos 3", along with five previously unreleased tracks by Frith.
In 2002 Fred Records issued a remastered version of the original "Guitar Solos" LP with no extra tracks.
In February 2024, a fiftieth anniversary edition of "Guitar Solos" was released on double-LP by Week-End Records entitled "Guitar Solos / Fifty". It comprises the original 1974 solo album remastered, plus a new Fred Frith solo album of 13 previously unreleased tracks. Just as the original "Guitar Solos" was recorded without any overdubs, "Fifty" also had no overdubs.
Track listings.
2024 Double-LP release.
All tracks are written by Fred Frith
"Fifty" (2024).
Source: Bandcamp

</doc>
<doc id="6999874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999874" title="Pliosaurus">
Pliosaurus

Pliosaurus is the type genus (defining example) of the pliosaurs, one of the major group of the plesiosaurs, an extinct group of aquatic marine reptiles. It lived from the Upper Jurassic to the Lower Cretaceous in what is now Europe. The first known fossil consists of a partial skeleton of an immature specimen collected by William Buckland in the English town of Market Rasen. Although first mentioned in a 1824 paper by William Daniel Conybeare, it was not until 1841 that it was first described by Richard Owen as belonging to a new species of "Plesiosaurus", before being given its own genus by the same author later that year. The genus name means "more lizard", Owen naming the taxon of because its appearance being more reminiscent of crocodilians than to "Plesiosaurus". While many species have been assigned to "Pliosaurus" in the past, only six are firmly recognized as valid since a 2013 paper. Two additional species from Argentina were named in 2014 and 2018, but their assignment to the genus has not been fully confirmed in subsequent classifications.
The largest species, "P. funkei" and "P. kevani", are among the largest pliosaurs ever discovered, with maximum sizes estimated at around long. Even before both species were described in the scientific literature, their imposing size led some scientists to assign them various nicknames, the most famous being "Predator X", used to refer to the second known specimen of "P. funkei". However, a large specimen composed entirely of cervical vertebrae discovered in the English town of Abingdon and putatively assigned to the genus could have reached a length exceeding . The elongated skull of "Pliosaurus" is robust, and those of the largest known species exceed in length. The teeth are also robust and are trihedral in cross-section, which is one of the main diagnostic traits of the genus. The neck is one of the most recognizable features of the taxon, being relatively short compared to other plesiosaurs. The limbs of "Pliosaurus" were modified into flippers, with the anterior flippers of "P. funkei" reaching up to in length.
Discovery and Species.
"Pliosaurus brachydeirus".
"Pliosaurus brachydeirus" is the ("combinatio nova" of the) type species of the genus. It was first described and named by the English paleontologist Richard Owen in 1841, as a species of the wastebasket taxon "Plesiosaurus" in its own subgenus "Pleiosaurus", creating "Plesiosaurus (Pleiosaurus) brachydeirus". Later that year or in 1842, Owen published another study in which the species was relocated to its own genus, which he misspelled as "Pliosaurus". As have been noted by several authors, "Plesiosaurus (Pleiosaurus)" is the original spelling of "Pliosaurus", and therefore according to Article 32 of the ICZN, "Pleiosaurus" is the correct spelling of the generic name as well. However, because this spelling had been abandoned since Phillips (1871), "Pliosaurus" should be preserved according to Article 33.3.1 of the ICZN. The generic name is derived from πλειων, "pleion", meaning "more" and , "sauros", meaning "lizard" in Ancient Greek, in reference to Owen's belief that "Pliosaurus" was more close in form to "saurians" (including crocodilians) than "Plesiosaurus" was. The etymology of the specific name was not specified, but it probably refers to the shorter neck of "P. brachydeirus" compared to the necks of other species then referred to "Plesiosaurus". The specific name has occasionally erroneously been spelled as "brachydirus", for example by Richard Lydekker (1889a, 1889b).
"P. brachydeirus" is known from the holotype which includes seven specimens found in association and housed at Oxford University Museum of Natural History, OUMNH J.9245, OUMNH J.9247 through OUMNH J.9301 and OUMNH J.10453. The specimen consists of a partial skull and lower jaw, several axial elements and limb material. Other specimens that are referable to this species include OUMNH J.9285, and OUMNH J.9192 through OUMNH J.9301, all described by Owen (1841–1842) and were found associated with the holotype. The specimens were collected by Prof. William Buckland at Market Rasen, Lincolnshire, from the "Rasenia cymodoce" ammonite zone of the lower Kimmeridge Clay Formation, dating to the early Kimmeridgian stage.
Knutsen (2012) revised the validity of this species and was able to diagnose it on a basis of combination of traits. "P. brachydeirus" had approximately 70 teeth in the lower jaw (72 according to Benson "et al." (2013)), 8-9 or more pairs of symphyseal teeth in dorsal view (12 pairs according to Benson "et al." (2013)) and 5 or more premaxillary teeth. It shows "type III" retroarticular process and autapomorphic (unique) traits of the cervical vertebrae, which had a smooth ventral surface and a ventral keel, unlike rounded to flat ventral surface seen in other species. Benson "et al." (2013) also noted that it lacks anisodont premaxillary dentition. The ontogenetic stage of the holotype of "P. brachydeirus" is not known, but the rounded edge on the distal end of the femur and lack of separation between the femoral capitulum and trochanter suggests that it is from a relatively young individual. According to Benson "et al." (2013), the flat morphology of the proximal surface of the radius or tibia also suggests that it is a juvenile.
"Pliosaurus carpenteri".
"P. carpenteri" is known solely from the holotype BRSMG Cd6172, a nearly complete long skull, mandible and postcranial skeleton, including at least 17 complete vertebrae housed at Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery, Bristol, England. The specimen was collected at the Westbury Clay pit, Wiltshire, from subdivision E4 of the "Aulacostephanus eudoxus" ammonite zone, seven metres below the Crussoliceras Limestone of the Kimmeridge Clay Formation, dating to the late Kimmeridgian. Nicknamed "Westbury pliosaur II", it was first described by Sassoon "et al." (2012) who, together with Knutsen (2012), assigned it tentatively to "Pliosaurus sp.". It was reassigned to its own species by Roger B. J. Benson, Mark Evans, Adam S. Smith, Judyth Sassoon, Scott Moore-Faye, Hilary F. Ketchum and Richard Forrest in 2013. The specific name honors Simon Carpenter, the discoverer and collector of BRSMG Cd6172.
Sassoon "et al." (2012) originally ascribed the differences between BRSMG Cc332 (the holotype of "P. westburyensis") and BRSMG Cd6172 to intraspecific variation, with these specimens possibly being sexual dimorphs, due to fact that both were collected from close stratigraphic levels of the same quarry. However, Benson "et al." (2013) showed that the differences between them are relatively great even in the context of specimens from other localities. They diagnosed "P. carpenteri" based on a single autapomorphy – unlike all other thalassophoneans other than the proposed neotype of "P. brachyspondylus", the dorsal surface of the surangular lacks any fossa, and in contrast to all other specimens of "Pliosaurus" faces dorsally, not inclined to face dorsolaterally. "P. carpenteri" also possesses a unique combination of characters, including: low dentary alveolar count including only 18 postsymphysial alveoli, and a total count of 27; intermediate low count of syphysial alveoli including only 9; teeth fully trihedral, possessing a flat, anteroposteriorly broad labial surface lacking enamel ridges; mediolateral expansion of caniniform regions of the premaxilla and maxilla relatively pronounced, although this might be due to crushing; six closely spaced premaxillary alveoli; anisodont premaxillary dentition; diastema present between maxillary and premaxillary alveolar rows; premaxilla–parietal suture located level with the anterior region of the orbit; cervical centra lacking ventral ridge; and epipodials with highly convex proximal surfaces.
"Pliosaurus funkei".
 
"P. funkei" is known from two partial skeletons, the holotype PMO 214.135 and the referred PMO 214.136, from the Svalbard archipelago of Norway. Housed at the University of Oslo Natural History Museum, the skeletons were found south of Sassenfjorden, from the southeast side of Mount Knerten, in the Arctic Spitsbergen island. Both individuals were collected by a Norwegian team led by Dr. Jørn Hurum within of one another, approximately below the Myklegardfjellet Bed from the black shales of the Slottsmøya Member, which is the uppermost out of four named members in the Agardhfjellet Formation. This stratigraphic horizon belongs to the "Dorsoplanites ilovaiskyi" to "Dorsoplanites maximus" ammonite zones (probably to the latter), of the middle Volgian stage which correlates with the middle Tithonian stage. The skeletons were discovered during eight seasons of fieldwork (2004–2012 field seasons) in the Slottsmøya Member, that have yielded other skeletal remains of marine reptiles, including the plesiosauroids "Colymbosaurus svalbardensis", "Djupedalia" and "Spitrasaurus", and the ichthyosaurs "Cryopterygius" and "Palvennia". "P. funkei" was first described and named by Espen M. Knutsen, Patrick S. Druckenmiller and Jørn H. Hurum in 2012. The specific name honors Bjørn Funke, the discoverer of the holotype, and his wife May-Liss Knudsen Funke for volunteering in the paleontological collections at the Museum.
The holotype of "P. funkei" is represented by the anterior portions of the upper and lower jaws (including premaxillary and dentary teeth), one nearly complete cervical centrum and two partial cervical centra, three pectoral centra with neural arches, fifteen dorsal centra and eight neural arches, a complete right coracoid, numerous rib fragments and gastralia, and a complete right forelimb. The referred specimen is represented by five partial cervical centra, one partial dorsal centrum, and a partial skull including the occipital condyle, a complete left quadrate, a partial left squamosal and incomplete left surangular and articular. Several fragmentary and unidentified bones also pertain to PMO 214.136. Due to the Arctic climate of Svalbard, the specimens were subjected to repeated freeze-thaw cycles before collection, extensively fracturing and degrading the material. PMO 214.136 was discovered in 2007, following the collection of approximately 20,000 fragments that compose PMO 214.135 which were found moist in situ and degraded upon drying during the preparation process (individual fragments are catalogued at the University of Oslo Natural History Museum by specimen number followed by a slash and a number). Estimates of skull length are approximately for the holotype and for PMO 214.136, suggesting a total body length of for the species, making "P. funkei" one of the largest pliosaurs described so far. Due to its large size and relative completeness, the species, nicknamed "Predator X" before its formal description, gained extensive media coverage, which claimed that it was "most fearsome animal ever to swim in the oceans". Morphological and histological characters, such as the presence of a tuberosity on the humerus and a well developed anterior process on the coracoid, and abnormal hardening and increase in density of bone, indicate that both specimens were adult individuals. Even though none of the neural arches are fused to their centra in the vertebral column of both individuals (a possible juvenile trait), this feature is present in all large pliosaurids, and thus possibly paedomorphic within Pliosauridae.
Knutsen "et al." (2012) diagnosed the species based on a unique combination of characters of the holotype. "P. funkei" has a possibly unique "type I" retroarticular process, unlike "P. brachydeirus", "P. brachyspondylus" and "P. macromerus". Unlike "P. brachydeirus", its cervical centra possess a rugose ventral surface, but lack ventral keel. Finally, it possesses comparatively longer forelimbs than other known pliosaurids, with a long humerus, more than seven times the average width of cervical vertebral centra, in comparison to "P. brachyspondylus" and "P. rossicus", which have humeri less than 4.5 times the cervical width. Its complete teeth count is not known, however, it has at least six pairs of teeth in the mandibular symphysis, and at least five premaxillary tooth pairs. The two known individuals of "P. funkei" preserve mostly different regions of the skeleton and overlap only by cervical vertebrae. Nevertheless, these cervical vertebrae are morphologically indistinguishable, and both individuals were found in proximity to one another, at exactly the same stratigraphic horizon of the Slottsmøya member, strongly supporting the referral of PMO 214.136 to "P. funkei". Knutsen "et al." (2012) suggested that "P. funkei" is more similar to "P. rossicus" and the proposed neotype of "P. macromerus" than to "P. brachydeirus" and the proposed neotype of "P. brachyspondylus" in its cranial morphology.
Analysis of bones from the four flippers suggest that the animal cruised using only the fore-flippers, using the back flippers for extra speed when pursuing and capturing prey.
Predator X's brain was of a similar type and size, proportionally, to that of today's great white shark, the team says.
A television programme entitled "Predator X" first aired on History in 2009. It was also featured in the fourth episode of the BBC documentary series "Planet Dinosaur" in 2011, where it is shown hunting "Kimmerosaurus", a smaller plesiosaur. The scene is based on damages to the one known skull of "Kimmerosaurus", showing damage consistent with an attack of a very large animal with "Liopleurodon"-like dentition.
"Pliosaurus kevani".
"P. kevani" is known solely from the holotype DORCM G.13,675, a nearly complete long skull and mandible housed at the Dorset Museum, Dorchester, England. The specimen was collected at Wyke Siltstone bed of Osmington Bay, from the "Rasenia cymodoce" ammonite zone, Kimmeridge Clay Formation of the Ancholme Group, dating to the early Kimmeridgian. DORCM G.13,675 was collected over a period of eight years as pieces up to in mass weathered out of the sea-cliff of Black Head. Most pieces were collected from loose or fallen blocks without any permits required, while other parts were collected in situ and purchased from land owners. They were first identified as a pliosaurid skull by Richard Edmonds, Earth Sciences Manager for Dorset and East Devon Coast World Heritage Site Team. Due to its large size and completeness, the specimen gained extensive media coverage, and its acquisition was announced publicly in October 2009. Additional elements were later donated by Patrick Clarke and purchased from Shirley Swaine. DORCM G.13,675 went on display in Dorchester County Museum in July 2011, after being in preparation between March 2010 and March 2011. Preparation of the lower jaws took 200 hours and a further 365 hours were needed to complete preparation of the skull. "P. kevani" was first described and named by Roger B. J. Benson, Mark Evans, Adam S. Smith, Judyth Sassoon, Scott Moore-Faye, Hilary F. Ketchum and Richard Forrest in 2013. The specific name honors Kevan Sheehan, the owner of a small café overlooking the sea at Osmington Mills, who collected most of the holotype during daily walks along the foreshore.
Benson "et al." (2013) diagnosed the species based on four autapomorphies of the holotype. The subrectangular sheet of the maxilla extends anteriorly on alveolar surface of the premaxilla to contact the distalmost premaxillary alveolus, while in other species of "Pliosaurus" an interdigitating premaxilla-maxilla suture is located midway between the mesialmost maxillary and distalmost premaxillary alveoli. Its pineal foramen is surrounded by a raised rim, while other thalassophoneans have a shallow fossa containing anteroposteriorly oriented grooves or ridges, that extends anteriorly from the pineal foramen. The mesial postsymphysial dentary alveoli are everted to face dorsolaterally, and not dorsally as seen in other species. Finally, the lateral surface of the mandible dorsoventrally concave posteriorly, while other thalassophoneans show flat or weakly convex lateral surface of the postedentary bones. "P. kevani" also possesses a unique combination of characters, including: high dentary alveolar count including 22 postsymphysial alveoli and an estimated total count of 36–37; high count of symphysial dentary alveoli including at least 7, estimated as 14–15; subtrihedral teeth, possessing a suboval cross-section with slightly flattened labial surface bearing only thinly distributed enamel ridges; pronounced mediolateral expansion of caniniform regions of the premaxilla and maxilla; six closely spaced premaxillary alveoli; anisodont premaxillary dentition; and premaxilla–parietal suture located level with the anterior region of the orbit.
CAMSM J.35990, a complete postcranial skeleton originally referred to "Stretosaurus macromerus", and later to "Pliosaurus sp.", might also pertain to "P. kevani". Although non-diagnostic at the species level, Benson "et al." (2013) differentiated it from most specimens of "Pliosaurus" based on its subtrihedral teeth, which are otherwise present only in "Pliosaurus kevani", and possibly also in "Gallardosaurus iturraldei" from the Oxfordian of Cuba. Even though it shares with the holotype of "P. kevani" a very large body size and stratigraphically closer to it, otherwise the specimens cannot be directly compared. Therefore, it was tentatively referred to as "Pliosaurus" cf. "kevani". A subtrihedral tooth from the Kimmeridge Clay of Ely, LEICT G418.1965.108, is also referred to "Pliosaurus" cf. "kevani" based on similar arguments.
"Pliosaurus rossicus".
"P. rossicus" was first described and named by Nestor Ivanovich Novozhilov in 1948. The specific name is derived from the name of Russia, where the holotype was found. The holotype of "P. rossicus", PIN 304/1 housed at Paleontological Institute, Russian Academy of Sciences, consists of cranial and some postcranial remains of a relatively small pliosaur. It was collected at the right bank of the Volga River, of Chuvashia, European part of Russia, from the Buinsk Mine oil shales, "Dorsoplanites panderi" ammonite zone, dating to the middle Volgian stage (also known as middle Tithonian). Novozhilov (1964) later also described some pectoral remains associated with the holotype. The holotype preserved trihedral teeth like other members of "Pliosaurus", and bears 6 tooth pairs in the mandibular symphysis, similar to OUMNH J.10454. Halstead (1971) reassigned this species to "Liopleurodon" based on this symphyseal tooth count, but Knutsen (2012) and Benson "et al." (2013) referred it back to "Pliosaurus", as it exhibits the diagnostic traits of the genus such as trihedral teeth. PIN 304/1 has also been interpreted as a juvenile by both Halstead (1971) and Storrs "et al." (2000) based on its relatively small size and poorly developed dorsal blade and anteroventral ramus of the scapula.
Halstead (1971) referred a second, larger specimen PIN 2440/1 consisting of a partial rostrum and hind limb, to "P. rossicus". PIN 2440/1 was originally described as "Pliosaurus" cf. "grandis" by Rozhdestvenskii (1947), but later referred to "P. rossicus" based on the presence of a similar number of mandibular symphyseal teeth with the holotype and their relative stratigraphic co-occurrence. Another specimen of large pliosaur was tentatively assigned to "P. rossicus" by Malakhov (1999). The specimen was collected from the lower Volgian (early Tithonian) of Kazakhstan, and represents postcranial remains No. 13-1958, at Institute of Zoology MS-AS RK.
Knutsen (2012) suggested possible synonymy between "P. macromerus" and "P. rossicus" based on the presence of only six symphysial and five premaxillary alveoli in both. Nevertheless, he provisionally retained "P. rossicus" as a separate species, as the stratigraphic ranges of the two taxa do not overlap, and the specimens were not adequate described. However, a reexamination of NHMUK PV OR 39362 (proposed neotype of "P. macromerus") by Benson "et al." (2013), revealed that it had at least seven symphyseal tooth, but more likely nine. Therefore, they considered "P. rossicus" to be a valid species of "Pliosaurus" based on the presence of an autapomorphic short symphysis containing only six alveoli. Based on the presence of this trait, they tentatively referred OUMNH J.10454 (and thus possibly OUMNH J.50376 and OUMNH J.50377) to "P. ? rossicus". These specimens were all collected at Chawley brick pit, of the upper part of the Lower Kimmeridge Clay, dating to the late Kimmeridgian, and were originally assigned to "P. macromerus". OXFUM J.10454 is a highly reconstructed and fragmentary specimen, with a total length of . Tarlo estimated that the skull length of this individual had originally been more than , however Benson "et al." (2013) argued that this cannot be currently determined. Apart from the autapomorphy noted above and trihedral teeth, "P. rossicus" possesses the following combination of characters (based on its holotype): 5 premaxillary tooth pairs; cervical vertebrae with ornamented ventral surface, but lacking ventral keel; proportionally shorter humeri than "P. funkei", less than 4.5 times the average width of cervical centra, versus more than 7 times.
"Pliosaurus westburyensis".
"P. westburyensis" is known solely from the holotype BRSMG Cc332, a nearly complete skull and postcranial fragments, including four cervical vertebrae housed at Bristol City Museum and Art Gallery, Bristol. The specimen was collected at the Westbury Clay pit, Wiltshire, England, from subdivision E5 of the "Aulacostephanus eudoxus" ammonite zone, one metre below the Crussoliceras Limestone of the Kimmeridge Clay Formation, dating to the late Kimmeridgian. Nicknamed "Westbury pliosaur I", it was first described by Taylor &amp; Cruickshank (1993) and referred to "P. brachyspondylus" based on the absence of a ventral keel on the cervical vertebral centra. BRSMG Cc332 was assigned tentatively to "Pliosaurus sp." by Sassoon "et al." (2012) and Knutsen (2012) and reassigned to its own species by Roger B. J. Benson, Mark Evans, Adam S. Smith, Judyth Sassoon, Scott Moore-Faye, Hilary F. Ketchum and Richard Forrest in 2013. The specific name honours the town of Westbury near which the holotype was found.
The mandible of BRSMG Cc332 is approximately 50 cm longer than CAMSM J.35991 (proposed neotype for "P. brachyspondylus"), but is shorter than the two French specimens referred to "P. brachyspondylus". Knutsen (2012) distinguished BRSMG Cc332 from "P. brachyspondylus" as the former has a "type IV" retroarticular process and a much lower degree of fusion between the anterior mandibular bones. Benson "et al." (2013) diagnosed the species based on three autapomorphies. "P. westburyensis" has widely spaced premaxillary alveoli, with interalveolar walls approximately half the anteroposterior length of a single alveolus. It also has a long, sheet-like process of the maxilla that extends back to the anterolateral part of the maxilla–frontal contact medial to the external naris, and terminates just anterior to midlength of the orbital. Finally, the suture between the premaxilla and parietal bone is located around orbital midlength. "P. westburyensis" also possesses a unique combination of characters, including: low dentary alveolar count including only 18 postsymphysial alveoli; teeth fully trihedral in cross-section, possessing a flat, anteroposteriorly broad labial surface lacking enamel ridges; relatively slight mediolateral expansion of premaxilla and maxillary caniniform region; six premaxillary alveoli; lack of anisodont premaxillary dentition; lack of diastema between maxillary and premaxillary alveolar rows; and cervical centra lacking ventral ridge.
Other species.
"Pliosaurus brachyspondylus".
"Pliosaurus brachyspondylus" was first described and named by Owen in 1839, as a species of "Plesiosaurus". The specific name is derived from βραχυς, "brachus", meaning "short" and σπόνδυλος, "spondylos", meaning "vertebra" in Ancient Greek. It was named on the basis of a series of unassociated cervical vertebrae as the holotype. These specimens were collected at Headington Pits near Oxford, Oxfordshire, England, from the Kimmeridge Clay. It was later noted by Pocock (1908), that the material was found in the lower part of the Kimmeridge Clay, as the pits expose the contact between the Kimmeridge Clay Formation and the underlying Corallian beds. Several other cervical centra from the same strata at Weymouth, Dorsetshire, that had been named "Plesiosaurus giganteus" by Conybeare (1824), were also referred to "Plesiosaurus brachyspondylus" by Owen (1839). Eichwald (1868) reassigned "P. brachyspondylus" to "Pliosaurus" but did not provide diagnosis to distinguish these vertebrae from those of the type species of the genus. "P. giganteus" was later synonymised by Lydekker (1889a) with "P. brachydeirus", the type species.
According to Tarlo (1959a), the holotypes of "P. giganteus" and "P. brachyspondylus" have been lost or destroyed since their initial descriptions. Therefore, he selected a single posterior cervical centrum, CAMSM J.29564, as the neotype of "P. brachyspondylus", while "P. giganteus" became a "nomen oblitum", forgotten name, as "P. brachyspondylus" had traditionally been given priority over it. This centrum was the only not dorsal centrum from a series of thirty associated centra listed by Harry Seeley (1869) as belonging to "P. brachyspondylus". They were collected at the Roswell (Roslyn) pit near Ely, Cambridgeshire, also in England, from between the "Aulacostephanus mutabilis" or "Aulacostephanus eudoxus" ammonite zones, of the lower Kimmeridge Clay Formation. Although the measurements of the neotype agree with these of the lost holotype, they are also similar to these of referred specimens of "P. brachydeirus" (OUMNH J.9291-9301) and ""Pliosaurus" andrewsi" ( R.1243, cast of mid-cervical centrum referred to "P. evansi"). Additionally, Seeley's referral was based on a single character, "articular surface is very slightly concave, with a small round depression at the centre", a feature that is now known to be common in other pliosaurids as well. Thus, Tarlo's choice of the neotype of "P. brachyspondylus" relies solely on the similarity in size to the original material described by Owen (1839), which is also similar to "P. brachydeirus". The neotype centrum, CAMSM J.29564, differs from the holotype of "P. brachydeirus" in the following two traits; it has ventral surface ornamentation but lacks a ventral keel. Nevertheless, the neotype for "P. brachyspondylus" is non-diagnostic from other species of "Pliosaurus", and thus the name must be considered a "nomen dubium".
In the same paper, Tarlo (1959a) described an associated pliosaur skeleton, CAMSM J.35991, and referred it to "P. brachyspondylus". CAMSM J.35991 consists of a complete mandible, most of the axial skeleton and parts of the appendicular skeleton. It was found in 1889 in the "Aulacostephanus eudoxus" ammonite zone of the lower Kimmeridge Clay, at the same locality as CAMSM J.29564 (the neotype for "P. brachyspondylus"). Knutsen (2012) suggested to replace the neotype for "P. brachyspondylus", with CAMSM J.35991 as the new neotype, because both specimens and possibly the lost holotype are from the same locality and horizon, and similar in size. CAMSM J.35991 is much more complete and can be distinguished from all other species of "Pliosaurus". Benson "et al." (2013) agreed with this suggestion, but considered "P. brachyspondylus" to be Thalassophonea indet., until a petition to the ICZN is made. Based on CAMSM J.35991, Knutsen (2012) provisionally diagnosed "P. brachyspondylus" as a "Pliosaurus" with approximately 60 (58 according to Benson "et al." (2013)) teeth in the lower jaw, 9 pairs of symphyseal teeth in dorsal view. It had "type II" retroarticular process and proportionally shorter humeri than "P. funkei". As also seen in CAMSM J.29564, it had cervical centra with ventral surface ornamentation, but lacking a ventral keel. According to Benson "et al." (2013), the flat morphology of the proximal surface of the radius or tibia suggests that CAMSM J.35991 is a juvenile.
According to Knutsen (2012), Bardet "et al." (1993) referred two additional mandibles to "P. brachyspondylus" based solely on a similar number of dentary and symphyseal teeth; BHN 2R.370, collected at the Moulin-Wibert quarry, from the "Rasenia cymodoce" ammonite zone of the Calcaires de Moulin-Wibert Formation of Nord-Pas-de-Calais, and MNHN cat.24.1 collected at Le Havre, Normandy, both from the early Kimmeridgian of France. Benson "et al." (2013) discussed only BHN 2R.370 originally referred to "Pliosaurus grandis", stating that "P. carpenteri" has a similar count of dentary and symphysial teeth, and thus the specimen cannot be identified to species level. However it was referred to "Pliosaurus" indet. as it has a broad, dorsolaterally facing surangular fossa, bounded laterally by a fossa and ridge. Another specimen, BRSMG Cc332, was referred to "P. brachyspondylus" by Taylor and Cruickshank (1993) and to "Pliosaurus sp." by Sassoon "et al." (2012) and Knutsen (2012), but was reassigned to its own species "P. westburyensis" by Benson "et al." (2013).
"Pliosaurus macromerus".
"Pliosaurus macromerus" was first described and named by John Phillips in 1871, as a species of "Pleiosaurus", on the basis of a large femur, OUMNH J.12498, and a series of unassociated vertebrae. The specific name is derived from μακρός, "makros", meaning "long" in Ancient Greek and "mēros", meaning "thigh" in Latin, from Greek, in reference to the large size of OUMNH J.12498 (a thigh bone). These specimens were collected during the excavation of the Great Western Railway near Swindon, Wiltshire, probably from the "Pectinatites hudlestoni" and "Pavlovia pallasioides" ammonite zone, Upper Kimmeridge Clay, of the Swindon Clay and Cemetery Beds. Lydekker (1889a) amended the "Pleiosaurus macromerus" into "Pliosaurus", and reassigned NHMUK PV OR 39362 to this species with other material, based solely on large size. NHMUK PV OR 39362, a complete skull and mandible, was first described by Owen (1869) who referred it to "Pliosaurus grandis". It was collected at Kimmeridge Bay, Dorsetshire, from the "Aulacostephanus autissidorensis" or "Pectinatites elegans" ammonite zones of the Upper Kimmeridge Clay Formation, dating to the late Kimmeridgian or early Tithonian.
Tarlo (1959b) erected OUMNH J. 10441, one of the partial cervical vertebrae from the collection of unassociated remains listed by Philips (1871), as the lectotype of "P. macromerus". It was assigned to "P. macromerus" based on its large size, similar to those of "P. westburyensis" and "P. funkei". Tarlo (1959b) described the lectotype as "somewhat roughened", while Lydekker (1889a) described it as being "very coarse and rough" in reference to its ventral rugosity, resembling that of "P. brachyspondylus". Tarlo (1959b) also erected a new generic name for "P. macromerus", "Stretosaurus", due to the unusual scapular morphology of a specimen he described and referred to it, CAMSM J.35990. It was found at Stretham, southwest of Ely in Cambridgeshire, probably from the early Kimmeridgian "Aulacostephanus mutabilis" ammonite zone. It represents an associated fragmentary skull and a relatively complete postcranial skeleton. Tarlo (1959b) referred CAMSM J.35990, and two other very large, anterior cervical vertebral centra, CAMSM J.29562 and CAMSM J.30057, to "Stretosaurus macromerus" based on similar size and ornamentation of the cervical vertebrae. Knutsen (2012) noted that this ornamentation is shared with "P. westburyensis" and the proposed neotype of "P. brachyspondylus".
Based on similar number of mandibular symphyseal teeth with NHMUK PV OR 39362, Tarlo (1959b) also assigned to "S. macromerus" a partial mandible, OUMNH J.10454, represented by an anterior rostral tip and associated trihedral teeth. Nicknamed "Cumnor mandible", it was collected at Chawley brick pit, Oxfordshire, alongside "Cumnoria prestwichii". This locality most likely belongs to the "Aulacostephanus eudoxus" or "A. autissidorensis" ammonite zone, of the upper part of the Lower Kimmeridge Clay. Knutsen (2012) noted that there is no overlap between the cranial portions of CAMSM J.35990 and NHMUK PV OR 39362 or OUMNH J.10454. Halstead (1989) referred a more recently discovered, complete specimen (NHMUK R8928) to "P. brachyspondylus" based on its long mandibular symphysis. Using this specimen he re-identified the "scapula" of CAMSM J.35990 as an ilium, but in spite of their similar ilial morphology, reassigned "S. macromerus" to "Liopleurodon". According to Noè "et al." (2004), the specimens of "S. macromerus" should be referred to "P. macromerus" as the name "Stretosaurus" is invalid, and NHMUK PV OR 39362 and CAMSM J.35990 exhibit the autapomorphic trihedral teeth of "Pliosaurus".
Knutsen (2012) suggested to replace the lectotype of "P. macromerus", with NHMUK PV OR 39362 as a neotype, because the lectotype (as well as the remaining syntypes) is indistinguishable from all species of "Pliosaurus", apart from "P. brachydeirus" due to vertebral ornamentation. NHMUK PV OR 39362 is much more complete and can be distinguished from all other species of "Pliosaurus". NHMUK PV OR 39362 has been traditionally assigned to "P. macromerus", and even though it has previously been assigned to "P. grandis", Lydekker (1889a) showed that there is no evidence that the syntypes of "P. grandis" even belong to "Pliosaurus", and there is no overlapping material between them and NHMUK PV OR 39362. Benson "et al." (2013) agreed with the suggestion to assign a neotype of "P. macromerus", but considered it to be Thalassophonea indet., until a petition to the ICZN is made. Based on NHMUK PV OR 39362, Knutsen (2012) provisionally diagnosed "P. brachyspondylus" as a "Pliosaurus" with at least 50 teeth in the lower jaw (probably 54), at least 7 pairs (probably 9) of symphyseal teeth and 5 pairs of premaxillary teeth. It also has "type III" retroarticular process. Benson "et al." (2013) noted that it lacks anisodont premaxillary dentition.
Other specimens previously referred to "P. macromerus" are currently assigned to other species of "Pliosaurus", rendering this species a "nomen dubium". Knutsen (2012) referred CAMSM J.35990 to "Pliosaurus sp.", stating that it is non-diagnostic at the species level. Benson "et al." (2013) agreed that it cannot be confidently diagnosed as a distinct species, or referred to an existing species with certainty. Nevertheless, they differentiated CAMSM J.35990 from most specimens of "Pliosaurus" based on its subtrihedral teeth, which are otherwise present only in "Pliosaurus kevani", and possibly also in "Gallardosaurus iturraldei" from the Oxfordian of Cuba. Furthermore, it shares with "P. kevani" a very large body size and stratigraphically closer to "P. kevani", but cannot be otherwise compared to it. Therefore, it was tentatively referred to as "Pliosaurus" cf. "kevani". According to Knutsen (2012), OUMNH J.10454 is referable to "P. macromerus", together with two associated fragments, OUMNH J.50376 and OUMNH J.50377, each constituting one ramus of a lower jaw from a single individual. All three specimens were collected from the same pit, are of similar size, and have "type III" retroarticular process. The referral to "P. macromerus" was based on this trait, a suggested similar symphyseal tooth count (six) between OUMNH J.10454 and the proposed neotype of "P. macromerus", and their occurrence at approximately the same stratigraphic level. However, a reexamination of NHMUK PV OR 39362 (proposed neotype of "P. macromerus") by Benson "et al." (2013), revealed that it had at least seven symphyseal tooth, but more likely nine. Therefore, they considered "P. rossicus" to be a valid species of "Pliosaurus" based on the presence of an autapomorphic short symphysis containing only six alveoli, and tentatively referred OUMNH J.10454 (and thus possibly OUMNH J.50376 and OUMNH J.50377) to "P. ? rossicus". Another possible difference between NHMUK PV OR 39362 and OUMNH J.10454, is that the latter had greater mandibular tooth count of approximately 60, although this is possibly an artifact of its reconstruction according to Knutsen (2012).
"Pliosaurus irgisensis".
"P. irgisensis" was first described and named by Nestor Ivanovich Novozhilov in 1948, under the name "Peloneustes irgisensis". The specific name is derived from the name of the Maly Irgiz River, where the holotype was found. The holotype, PIN 426 housed at Paleontological Institute, Russian Academy of Sciences, consists of partial cranium and postcranium of a medium-sized individual. The cranial remains of PIN 426 are currently suffering from the effects of pyrite decay, and its associated remains have been lost. It was collected at Savel-evsk Mine No. 1, of eastern Saratov Oblast, European part of Russia, from the middle Volgian stage (also known as middle Tithonian). Novozhilov (1964) reassigned the material to a new genus, "Strongylokrotaphus", meaning "round" ("strongylos") "temple" or "head" ("krotaphos") in Ancient Greek. These assignments were criticized by other workers, including Tarlo (1960), Halstead (1971) and Storrs "et al." (2000), because of the general and non-specific diagnosis for "Strongylokrotaphus", and differences from the type species of "Peloneustes". "P. irgisensis" might be synonymous with "P. rossicus" based on their similar sizes and stratigraphic co-occurrence, as the only difference between the species is ontogenetic. Knutsen (2012) considered the material to be non-diagnostic and referred "P. irgisensis" to Pliosauridae indet, as dentition, which is autapomorphic in "Pliosaurus", was not described from PIN 426. Benson "et al." (2013) also considered this species to be a "nomen dubium", referring it to Thalassophonea indet, and stating that PIN 426 requires re-description.
"Pliosaurus portentificus".
"Pliosaurus portentificus" is known from the late Kimmeridgian of England. Considered by Knutsen (2012) and Benson "et al." (2013) to be undiagnostic, with its holotype specimen most likely being a juvenile individual of one of the other species of "Pliosaurus".
Description.
The size of "Pliosaurus" has been debated among paleontologists. Specimens of "P. funkei" were initially estimated to reach a total body length of , with estimated skull lengths of for the holotype (PMO 214.135) and for the referred specimen (PMO 214.136). After comparing the specimens of "P. funkei" with "P. kevani" (DORCM G. 13675), "P." cf. "kevani" (CAMSM J.35990) and "P. macromerus" (anterior cervical vertebrae), Zhao (2024) concluded that these specimens were not significantly different in body size, resulting in a body length estimate of and body mass over . Some specimens may even be long and are based on a giant mandible and giant neck vertebrae that may be referred to "Pliosaurus".
The forelimb length of the holotype of "P. funkei" was estimated up to , suggesting that the animal had proportionally bigger flippers than other pliosaurs compared to the skull size and dimensions of the vertebrae. Analysis of bones from the four flippers suggest that the animal cruised using just two fore-flippers, using the back pair for extra speed when pursuing and capturing prey. "P. funkei" brain was of a similar type and size, proportionally, to that of today's great white shark. In 2014, Foffa and colleagues estimated the bite force of "P. kevani" which produced varying results from at the anterior dentary tooth to at the 36th dentary tooth pair.
Classification.
The monophyly of at least one of the two Patagonian species within "Pliosaurus", "P. patagonicus" and "P. almanzaensis", has been questioned by recent cladistics analyses. Both taxa did not form a monophyletic clade with other European species in the 2019 study, while the 2023 study recovered "P. patagonicus" as a sister taxon of "Luskhan" within Brachaucheninae and "P. almanzaensis" within the monophyletic "Pliosaurus", the latter analysis of which is reproduced below:

</doc>
<doc id="6999884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999884" title="Pliosauridae">
Pliosauridae

Pliosauridae is a family of plesiosaurian marine reptiles from the Latest Triassic to the early Late Cretaceous (Rhaetian to Turonian stages). The family is more inclusive than the archetypal short-necked large headed species that are placed in the subclade Thalassophonea, with early, primitive forms resembling other plesiosaurs with long necks.
The largest thalassophonean pliosaurs reached , in length, with around a quarter of this length being the head. Thalassophonean pliosaurs represented the largest marine predators during their existence, spanning more than 80 million years.
Pliosaurs went extinct during the early Late Cretaceous and were subsequently replaced by the mosasaurs.
Taxonomy.
Pliosauridae was formally named by Harry G. Seeley in 1874.
Pliosauridae is a stem-based taxon defined in 2010 (and in earlier studies in a similar manner) as "all taxa more closely related to "Pliosaurus brachydeirus" than to "Leptocleidus superstes", "Polycotylus latipinnis" or "Meyerasaurus victor"". The family Brachauchenidae has been proposed to include pliosauroids which have very short necks and may include "Brachauchenius" and "Kronosaurus". However, modern cladistic analyses found that this group is actually a subfamily of pliosaurids, and possibly even the "crown group" of Pliosauridae.
Within Pliosauridae, there is a more derived clade called Thalassophonea. Thalassophonea was erected by Roger Benson and Patrick Druckenmiller in 2013. The name is derived from Greek "thalassa" (θάλασσα), "sea", and "phoneus" (φονεύς), "murderer". It is a stem-based taxon defined as "all taxa more closely related to "Pliosaurus brachydeirus" than to "Marmornectes candrewi"". It includes the short necked and large headed taxa that typify the family. 
The following cladogram follows an analysis by Benson &amp; Druckenmiller (2014).

</doc>
<doc id="6999899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999899" title="White Lake National Wildlife Refuge">
White Lake National Wildlife Refuge

White Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. White Lake NWR is entirely on public land and in a very remote region. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees White Lake NWR from their offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="6999904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999904" title="Pneumatophore">
Pneumatophore



</doc>
<doc id="6999913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999913" title="Touch Me (album)">
Touch Me (album)



</doc>
<doc id="6999918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999918" title="Granada Theatre (Chicago)">
Granada Theatre (Chicago)

The Granada Theatre was a 3,400–seat movie palace located at 6427-41 North Sheridan Road in the Rogers Park neighborhood of Chicago. It was constructed in 1926 for the Marks Brothers, who were major theatre operators in the U.S. Edward E. Eichenbaum was the principal designer for the architectural firm of Levy &amp; Klein. Eichenbaum also designed the Marbro, Regal, and Century theatres. 
The Marks Brothers operated the theatre until 1934, when Balaban and Katz purchased the property. That firm and its successors—United Paramount Theatres, ABC Great States Theatres and Plitt Theatres—operated the facility until approximately 1978. From then until the mid-eighties, it was used sporadically for rock concerts and presented midnight showings of "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" for several years.
Despite all attempts to save the theatre, Senior Life Styles Corporation purchased the property and demolished it in 1989-90 for a planned apartment/commercial structure.
The new 16–story apartment tower and shopping arcade constructed in 1991 was named "Granada Center". Loyola University eventually purchased the structure and transformed it into 12 floors of student apartments over a base containing parking, retail and university offices. The apartment tower, now converted to student housing, was renamed to "Fordham Hall". The retail and office portion remains named "Granada Center". 
The Ryerson &amp; Burnham Libraries at the Art Institute of Chicago holds archival materials, including photographs taken by the "Save Granada Theatre Committee".

</doc>
<doc id="6999920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999920" title="Ready, Willing and Disabled">
Ready, Willing and Disabled



</doc>
<doc id="6999926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999926" title="Bernie Banton">
Bernie Banton

Bernard Douglas Banton AM (13 October 1946 – 27 November 2007) was an Australian builder and, later, social justice campaigner for asbestos-related diseases. He was the widely recognised face of the legal and political campaign to achieve compensation for the many sufferers of asbestos-related conditions, which they contracted after either working for the company James Hardie or being exposed to James Hardie Industries' products.
Banton himself suffered from multiple forms of asbestos-related diseases, being diagnosed with asbestosis and also asbestos-related pleural disease (ARPD) in January 1999 after having worked at James Hardie Industries, decades earlier, making asbestos lagging. These conditions required him to carry an oxygen tank wherever he went.
On the 17 August 2007, Banton was also diagnosed with terminal peritoneal mesothelioma, a cancer of the lining of the abdomen most commonly associated with asbestos exposure, dying 103 days later. The 2009 book "Killer Company" details Banton's fight against James Hardie.
Banton brought an action against Amaca Pty Ltd before the Dust Diseases Tribunal of New South Wales.
Other campaigning.
Banton's final campaign public appearance was In October 2007, during the midst of the 2007 federal election campaign. Banton attempted to personally present Minister for Health Tony Abbott, [later the 28th Prime Minister of Australia] with a petition to include a drug for treating malignant mesothelioma on the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme. When Minister Abbott was not in attendance at his Manly (Sydney), NSW electoral office, Banton called him "a gutless creep". Responding, Minister Abbott, who had been in Victoria at the time, was quoted as saying, "Let's be upfront about this. I know Bernie is very sick, but just because a person is sick doesn't necessarily mean that he is pure of heart in all things." He then dismissed the presenting of the petition (at his office) as a "stunt", as he was not aware that Banton had planned to present the petition at his Sydney office until it was too late. Minister Abbott apologised personally to Banton the following morning with Banton offering his own apology in return.
In his victory speech on 24 November after winning the election, the Prime Minister-elect Kevin Rudd paid special tribute to Banton, saying that he represented the "great Australian trade union movement" and was a beacon of decency in his fight for compensation.
Banton died at his home on 27 November, three days after the election.
Honours.
In the Queen's Birthday Honours of 13 June 2005, Banton was made a Member of the Order of Australia "for service to the community, particularly as an advocate for people affected by asbestos-related illnesses".
Banton's family accepted the NSW government's offer of a state funeral, which was held on 5 December 2007. Both the Australian and the NSW state flags were lowered to half mast that day on all NSW government buildings and establishments, as a mark of respect.
On 21 January 2009, a new asbestos diseases research institute at Sydney's Concord Repatriation General Hospital was named the Bernie Banton Centre. The facility is the world's first standalone research facility dedicated to the treatment and prevention of asbestos-related diseases. The Bernie Banton Bridge, which carries Marsden Street over the Parramatta River in Parramatta also bears his name.
Banton also had a foundation named in his honour. The Bernie Banton Foundation was an Australian not-for-profit organisation devoted to asbestos awareness and education, support and patient advocacy on behalf of asbestos-related disease sufferers, their carers and loved ones. The Foundation's aim was to be: "The voice of reason for Australian asbestos related disease sufferers, their carers and loved ones, allied health and care providers, and to the wider community." The foundation was launched by the Prime Minister, The Hon Kevin Rudd, on 11 September 2009 at Sydney's Concord Repatriation General Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="6999938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999938" title="Wagle">
Wagle

Wagle is a surname that occurs in multiple cultures.
The name Wagle may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6999940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999940" title="A. Y. Jackson Secondary School (disambiguation)">
A. Y. Jackson Secondary School (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6999946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999946" title="Steve Hart">
Steve Hart

Stephen Hart (13 February 1859 – 28 June 1880) was an Australian bushranger, a member of the Kelly gang.
Biography.
In 1877, Hart was convicted of horse theft and illegal use of a horse and sentenced to 12 months hard labour in HM Prison Beechworth. When he was released with the usual remission period he promised to work, and he kept his promise—given that he had not specified where he would work. One of the Kelly brothers (most likely Dan, as he and Hart were friends and had likely met in gaol at some point) came to his property and asked him to help them pan for gold. This prompted Hart's most famous quote, "Here's to a short life and a merry one!" as he rode off to Bullock Creek to help the Kelly brothers and their friend Joe Byrne pan for gold.
In 1878 the party of four heard shots being fired and, when they investigated, found a police party camped nearby at Stringybark Creek. The next morning the four killed one of the police party. The other two policemen were out looking for the Kelly brothers as it was not known that Byrne and Hart had joined them. When the two policemen returned to the camp they were ambushed and killed. It is likely that Hart was not armed when the police camp was first held up, but he obtained a firearm afterward. He became an outlaw shortly thereafter, with the rest of the Kelly gang.
Hart took part in the robberies at Euroa and Jerilderie. At Euroa he met an old school friend of his, Francis "Fanny" Shaw (sometimes known as Maggie Shaw) and through her, the police found out the name of the last member of the Kelly gang. Hart also stole a watch from Robert Scott, the bank manager, and when teller Bob Booth asked him for something to remember the visit by, Hart gave him a lead bullet carved with the letter "H". At Jerilderie in 1879 Hart stole a watch from Reverend Gribble, a parson at the Protestant church, and Ned told him to return it, which Hart did, "looking daggers". After Jerilderie, Hart went into hiding with the gang and, for most of 1879, the gang remained shadowy and elusive figures although Hart did appear at a St. Kilda doctor's surgery to be treated for a foot condition.
Death.
In 1880 Hart took part in the siege of Glenrowan in which he, Dan Kelly and Joe Byrne were killed. Following Byrne's death from a police bullet during the night, and Ned's capture in the early morning (at roughly 7am) of the 28th, Hart and Dan Kelly found themselves trapped in the hotel and in a hopeless situation. It is believed that the two committed suicide sometime during that afternoon.
Their corpses were then badly burnt, as police (not knowing the two had already died) set the Glenrowan Inn on fire in an attempt to draw the outlaws out of the hotel. Hart's body, little more than a charred stump, was claimed by his brother Dick Hart and buried at Greta Cemetery the following day (29 June) in the same grave as Dan Kelly. He was 21 years old.
It has been rumoured that Dan Kelly and Steve Hart were not buried in Greta Cemetery but somewhere in either the Hart or the Kelly properties. It has also been rumoured that the pair survived the siege of Glenrowan to escape to either America, South Africa or simply to Queensland.

</doc>
<doc id="6999958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999958" title="Desert Fox">
Desert Fox



</doc>
<doc id="6999970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999970" title="Mariusz Klimczyk">
Mariusz Klimczyk

Mariusz Klimczyk (born 16 September 1956 in Bydgoszcz) is a retired pole vaulter from Poland.
International competitions.
1No mark in the final

</doc>
<doc id="6999976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999976" title="Tiruvelukkai">
Tiruvelukkai

Tiruvelukkai located in Kanchipuram in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu, is dedicated to the Hindu god Vishnu. Constructed in the Dravidian style of architecture, the temple is glorified in the "Nalayira Divya Prabandham", the early medieval Tamil canon of the Alvar saints from the 6th–9th centuries CE. It is one of the 108 "Divya Desams" dedicated to Vishnu, who is worshipped as Aḻagiya Singar (Narasimha) and his consort Lakshmi as Amruthavalli. This is the smallest divyadesam in Kanchipuram, however Vedanta Desika wrote kamasikashtakam on this perumal.
The temple is believed to have been built by the Pallavas of the late 8th century CE, with later contributions from Medieval Cholas and Vijayanagara kings. The temple has three inscriptions on its walls, two dating from the period of Kulothunga Chola I (1070–1120 CE) and one to that of Rajadhiraja Chola (1018-54 CE). A granite wall surrounds the temple, enclosing all the shrines and two bodies of water. There is a 3-tiered "rajagopuram", the temple's gateway tower, in the temple.
Aḻagiya Singar is believed to have appeared to slay Hiranyakashipu, the tyrannical asura king. Six daily rituals and three yearly festivals are held at the temple, of which the Krishna Janmasthami festival, celebrated during the Tamil month of "Avani" (August–September), being the most prominent. The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Endowment Board of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Legend.
"Velukkai" is derived from "Vel" (desire) and "irukkai" (place of stay), meaning the place where Vishnu desired to stay, which became Velukkai from Velirukkai. It is believed that the original image of the temple was east facing standing posture of Vishnu as he appeared for Bhrigu Maharishi and later appeared as Aḻagiya Singar. According to the temple's regional legend, once, there was an argument between Saraswati, the consort of Brahma and Lakshmi on superiority. They went to Indra, the king of the celestial deities. Indra judged Lakshmi as superior. Not satisfied with his argument, Saraswati went to her husband, Brahma. He also chose Lakshmi to be the superior one. Saraswati was unhappy with the decision and decided to stay away from Brahma. Brahma did a severe penance praying to Vishnu and did an ashvamedha yajna. Saraswati was still angry that the "yajna", which usually is done along with consorts was done alone by Brahma. She tried to disrupt the penance in various ways, but Vishnu interfered in all her attempts. After all the demons were killed by Vishnu, who were sent by Saraswati to destroy the "yajna" (penance) done by Brahma, she sent Kapalika, a demon. Vishnu took the form of Narhari to kill the demon.
Architecture.
The presiding deity is Narasimhar (also called Mukunda Nayaka) is depicted in a seated posture facing West. The temple is located close to the Tiruththanka temple in Vishnu Kanchipuram. The temple has three shrines, one each for the presiding deity Aḻagiya Singar, one for his consort Amruthavalli and other for Garuda.
Festivals and religious practices.
The temple follows the traditions of the tenkalai sect of Vaishnava tradition and follows "Vaikanasa Agama". Desikar wrote vegasetu stotra on this temple. The temple priests perform the "puja" (rituals) during festivals and on a daily basis. As at other Vishnu temples of Tamil Nadu, the priests belong to the Vaishnava community, from the Brahmin class. The temple rituals are performed six times a day: "Ushathkalam" at 7 a.m., "Kalasanthi" at 8:00 a.m., "Uchikalam" at 12:00 p.m., "Sayarakshai" at 6:00 p.m., "Irandamkalam" at 7:00 p.m. and "Ardha Jamam" at 10:00 p.m. Each ritual has three steps: "alangaram" (decoration), "neivethanam" (food offering) and "deepa aradanai" (waving of lamps) for both Aḻagiya Singar and Amruthavalli. During the last step of worship, "nadasvaram" (pipe instrument) and "tavil" (percussion instrument) are played, religious instructions in the "Vedas" (sacred text) are recited by priests, and worshippers prostrate themselves in front of the temple mast. There are weekly, monthly and fortnightly rituals performed in the temple.
Religious importance.
The temple is revered in "Nalayira Divya Prabandham", the 7th–9th century Vaishnava canon, by Peyalvar, Bhoothathalvar, Thirumalisai Alvar and Tirumangai Alvar. The Alvars have sung praise on the different forms of the deity. The temple is classified as a "Divya Desam", one of the 108 Vishnu temples that are mentioned in the book. Many acharyas have also written songs on the various forms of God in this temple.

</doc>
<doc id="6999982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999982" title="Piove (Ciao, ciao bambina)">
Piove (Ciao, ciao bambina)

"Piove (Ciao, ciao bambina)" ("It's raining [Bye bye, baby girl]") is a song composed by Domenico Modugno with Italian lyrics by Eduardo Verde. It won first prize at the 1959 Sanremo Music Festival, where it was performed by both Modugno and Johnny Dorelli. Performed by Modugno, it in the Eurovision Song Contest 1959 held in Cannes, placing sixth.
Dalida recorded a song in French as "Ciao ciao bambina", which became a big hit in France and Canada and a pop standard in the francophone world. It was used in Ralph Lauren commercial for their fall 2021 collection.
Background.
Conception.
"Piove" was composed by Domenico Modugno with Italian lyrics by Eduardo Verde. It is a dramatic ballad, with the singer telling his lover that he knows their relationship is about to come to a close. He asks her for one more kiss and then tells her not to turn back as she walks away from him, because he still has feelings for her.
Sanremo.
On 29–31 January 1959, "Piove" performed by both Modugno and Johnny Dorelli competed in the of the Sanremo Music Festival, that was used by Radiotelevisione italiana (RAI) to select its song and performer for the of the Eurovision Song Contest. The song won the competition so it became the for Eurovision. The expert jury chose Modugno as the performer for the contest.
Modugno recorded the song then in Italian as "Piove (Ciao, ciao bambina)", German, Spanish, and in an Italian/English version.
Eurovision.
On 11 March 1959, the Eurovision Song Contest was held at the in Cannes hosted by (RTF) and broadcast live throughout the continent. Modugno performed "Piove (Ciao, ciao bambina)" third on the evening, following 's "Uh, jeg ville ønske jeg var dig" by Birthe Wilke and preceding 's "Mon ami Pierrot" by Jacques Pills. conducted the event's live orchestra in the performance of the Italian entry.
At the close of voting, the song had received 9 points, placing sixth in a field of eleven. It was succeeded as Italian representative at the by "Romantica" by Renato Rascel.
Charts.
Weekly charts.
Modugno's version
Legacy.
Dalila cover.
Dalida covered it in Italian and was the first one to record a French version. The Italian version remained unreleased until a posthoumus album "Italia mia" in 1991. The French version was first issued on EP in 1959 and was the leading track of her album "Le disque d'or de Dalida" the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="6999987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999987" title="Route 27">
Route 27



</doc>
<doc id="6999991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999991" title="Charlie Wedemeyer">
Charlie Wedemeyer

Charlie Wedemeyer (February 19, 1946 – June 3, 2010) was a high school teacher and football coach. He played college football at Michigan State University. After being diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, he continued to teach and coach football at Los Gatos High School. He was the subject of a PBS documentary and a made-for-TV movie. Charlie's brother Herman also played college football as an All-American halfback for St. Mary's College in Moraga, California and finished fourth in the 1945 Heisman Trophy voting.
Biography.
Wedemeyer was the last of nine children born to Bill and Ruth Wedemeyer. He was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. He was a high school athlete and was quarterback of the Punahou School football team. He was named Hawaii Prep Athlete of the 1960s. After his graduation from Punahou in 1965 he attended Michigan State University where he played for coach Duffy Daugherty. Charlie graduated from Michigan State in 1969 and obtained a master's degree from Central Michigan University.
In 1978, while he was the head football coach at Los Gatos High School, he was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. At his death, he could only move his eyes, eyebrows and lips.
The PBS documentary about the Wedemeyers, "One More Season", won an Emmy Award. Michael Nouri portrayed Wedemeyer in the 1988 made-for-TV movie "" filmed at Stratford High School in Goose Creek, South Carolina. Charlie and Lucy Wedemeyer co-wrote, with Gregg Lewis, his autobiography, "Charlie's Victory".
Death.
Wedemeyer died on June 3, 2010, from pneumonia, a complication caused by a recent surgery. His elder brother was actor Herman Wedemeyer.

</doc>
<doc id="6999993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6999993" title="Route 28">
Route 28



</doc>
<doc id="7000001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000001" title="Miroslaw Chmara">
Miroslaw Chmara



</doc>
<doc id="7000009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000009" title="Bob j perry">
Bob j perry



</doc>
<doc id="7000015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000015" title="Route 62">
Route 62



</doc>
<doc id="7000020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000020" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Angoulême">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Angoulême



</doc>
<doc id="7000023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000023" title="Sheyenne Lake National Wildlife Refuge">
Sheyenne Lake National Wildlife Refuge

Sheyenne Lake National Wildlife Refuge is an National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in the U.S. state of North Dakota. Sheyenne Lake NWR is an easement refuge and is on privately owned land, but the landowners and U.S. Government work cooperatively to protect the resources. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service oversees Sheyenne NWR from their offices at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="7000024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000024" title="Communist Suppression Operations Command">
Communist Suppression Operations Command



</doc>
<doc id="7000026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000026" title="Mirosław Chmara">
Mirosław Chmara

Mirosław Marian Chmara ( ; born 9 May 1964, in Bydgoszcz) is a retired pole vaulter from Poland. His personal best jump of 5.90 metres was achieved in June 1988 in Villeneuve-d'Ascq, and was also a Polish record for 23 years. It was beaten by Paweł Wojciechowski who jumped 5.91 metres in August 2011 in Szczecin.
He is a cousin of a former decathlete, Sebastian Chmara.

</doc>
<doc id="7000030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000030" title="Foncea">
Foncea

Foncea is a municipality of the autonomous community of La Rioja (Spain). It is located in northeast of the province, near to the Montes Obarenes. It depends on the judicial district of Haro.
The first documental mention of Foncea was in 952 in some donations deeds.
Foncea is also a non common Spanish surname which origin is probably related with the municipality of Foncea, although this relation have not been proved. Persons with this surname lived principally in Spain, Chile and Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="7000032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000032" title="Roy Kinikinilau">
Roy Kinikinilau

Roy Kinikinilau (born 14 February 1980) is a former rugby union player who most recently played for the Ricoh Black Rams in the Top League in Japan. A powerful winger, Kinkinilau is also an accomplished rugby sevens player. Born in Tonga, he represented New Zealand internationally in rugby sevens competitions.
Playing career.
Provincial Rugby.
Kinkinilau was born in Tonga but came to New Zealand at age 6. He made his provincial debut for Wellington in 2002 at number eight but due to his pace and athleticism was converted to a wing the following season.
Kinkinilau spent four seasons at Wellington before transferring to Waikato for the 2006 Air New Zealand Cup. Although he helped Waikato to a championship-winning campaign, he didn't play in the finals against his old team, Wellington.
Following the 2007 Air New Zealand Cup, he signed in Japan.
Super Rugby.
Despite an admirable try-scoring record, Kinikinilau never really found a settled place in the Super Rugby competition.
He made his debut for the Hurricanes in the 2004 Super 12 season, and impressively scored 5 tries in only 9 appearances. However, he was not included in the side for the 2005 season.
For 2006, Kinikinilau was drafted to the Highlanders. He started the season with a bang, with 4 tries from his first 4 starts, but came off the boil as the season went along, ending the year on the substitute's bench. He did, however, lead the side with 5 tries.
Kinikinilau was on the move again for the 2007 Super 14 season, this time drafted to the Chiefs. He started 12 of the team's 13 games and scored another four tries.
Japan.
Kinikinilau left New Zealand in 2007 to sign in Japan with the Ricoh Black Rams. He has remained with the team through 2010-11, where he scored 5 tries in 9 appearances before retiring in 2015.
Rugby Sevens.
Kinikinilau was a dynamic rugby sevens player who exploded onto the international scene in style, scoring 37 tries in 7 competitions in 2002 and 2003. He continued as an elite sevens player through 2007, when he helped New Zealand win the 2006-07 IRB Sevens World Series.
Since retiring from rugby, Kinikinlau runs and operates a cleaning business in Perth, WA, Kinikleen.

</doc>
<doc id="7000035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000035" title="Diocese of Angoulême">
Diocese of Angoulême

The Diocese of Angoulême (Latin: "Dioecesis Engolismensis"; French: "Diocèse d'Angoulême") is a Latin diocese of the Catholic Church in France. Originally erected in the 3rd century, the episcopal see is the Angoulême Cathedral. Comprising the "département" of the Charente, the diocese had traditionally been suffragan to the Archbishopric of Bordeaux, under the old régime as well as under the Concordat, but since 2002 is suffragan to the Archdiocese of Poitiers.
In 2022, in the Diocese of Angoulême there was one priest for every 4,981 Catholics.
History.
Its first bishop was Ausonius, a disciple, it is said, of Saint Martial. According to Gregory of Tours Martial preached the gospel in Limoges about the year 250; the Limousin traditions, as set down by the chronicler Adhémar de Chabannes, maintain that Martial was the immediate disciple of Saint Peter. According to the latter opinion St. Ausonius was a bishop of the first century; according to the former, of the third century. At least one modern historian believes it likely that Ausonius lived even later, in the 4th century. His cult, however, does not appear until the end of the tenth century.
The "Gallia Christiana" lists St. Salvius, honoured as a martyr at Valenciennes, as a Bishop of Angoulême. The 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia, however, considers him to have been only a missionary bishop of the eighth century. In the list of the Bishops of Angoulême is found the name of the poet Octavien de St. Gelais (1494–1502).
The religious monuments of the province of Angoumois are remarkable for their admirable Romano-Byzantine façades. The most beautiful of them is St. Peter's Cathedral at Angoulême. The original cathedral was dedicated to Saint Saturninus, but it was destroyed by the Arian Visigoths. After the defeat of Alaric II in 507, King Clovis had his chaplain Aptonius made bishop and had the cathedral rebuilt and named in honor of Saint Peter. It was consecrated around 570, according to tradition by Saint Germain, Bishop of Paris. The cathedral was ravaged again, this time by the Normans, in the middle of the ninth century. It was rebuilt by Bishop Grimoard and dedicated in 1017. The present edifice is the work of Bishop Gérard II de Blaye, the Papal Legate, ca. 1109–1120. The cathedral was administered by a Chapter, composed of a Dean, the Archdeacon, the Treasurer, and twenty-one Canons. There were also a Cantor and Scholasticus, but they did not have a vote in Chapter unless they were also Canons.
The memory of a wealthy and famous Augustinian abbey, founded in 1122, is kept alive by its ruins at Couronne, near Angoulême.
In 1236, the Jewish community of Angouleme, along with those in Anjou, Poitou, and Bordeaux, was attacked by crusaders. 500 Jews from these communities chose conversion and over 3000 were massacred. Pope Gregory IX, who originally had called the crusade, was outraged about this brutality and criticized the clergy of the diocese of Angoulême for not preventing it.

</doc>
<doc id="7000039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000039" title="Anti-Modernist oath">
Anti-Modernist oath



</doc>
<doc id="7000041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000041" title="Tapinocephalus Assemblage Zone">
Tapinocephalus Assemblage Zone

The "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone is a tetrapod assemblage zone or biozone which correlates to the middle Abrahamskraal Formation, Adelaide Subgroup of the Beaufort Group, a fossiliferous and geologically important geological Group of the Karoo Supergroup in South Africa. The thickest outcrops, reaching approximately , occur from Merweville and Leeu-Gamka in its southernmost exposures, from Sutherland through to Beaufort West where outcrops start to only be found in the south-east, north of Oudshoorn and Willowmore, reaching up to areas south of Graaff-Reinet. Its northernmost exposures occur around the towns Fraserburg and Victoria West. The "Tapinocephalus Assemblage Zone" is the second biozone of the Beaufort Group.
The name of the biozone refers to "Tapinocephalus atherstonei", a large herbivorous tapinocephalid dinocephalian therapsid. It is characterised by the presence of this dinocephalian species along with the appearance of other advanced tapinocephalid dinocephalians, and the large pareiasaur "Bradysaurus baini". It is also the first biozone of the series where the dicynodont, "Diictodon feliceps," species first appear.
History.
The first fossils to be found in the Beaufort Group rocks that encompass the current eight biozones were discovered by Andrew Geddes Bain in 1856. However, it was not until 1892 that it was observed that the geological strata of the Beaufort Group could be differentiated based on their fossil taxa. The initial undertaking was done by Harry Govier Seeley who subdivided the Beaufort Group into three biozones, which he named (from oldest to youngest):
These proposed biozones Seeley named were subdivided further by Robert Broom between 1906 and 1909. Broom proposed the following biozones (from oldest to youngest):
The rocks of the current "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone were first included with those of the lower "Eodicynodon" Assemblage Zone under the name "Pareiasaurus beds" by Broom. Years later Lieuwe Dirk Boonstra redefined the boundaries of the "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone. As a young man Boonstra collaborated with Broom on research of dinocephalians. After embarking on further study of dinocephalian fossils and their biostratigraphy, Boonstra defined the lower, middle, and upper sections of this biozone. In the 1970s, Keyser and Smith proposed the renaming of the biozone to Dinocephalian Assemblage Zone. In 1984 James Kitching proposed to name the biozone after "Tapinocephalus," which was accepted over Keyser and Smith’s proposal. However, the zoning of the biozone rocks remains as they were defined by Keyser and Smith.
Lithology.
The "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone correlates with the Abrahamskraal Formation, Adelaide Subgroup of the Beaufort Group. Outcrops of this biozone are known from the south-western and central margins of the Abrahamskraal Formation where it conformably overlies the "Eodicynodon" Assemblage Zone in its south-western localities. In its northern and eastern localities it inter-fingers with Ecca Group-aged deposits. This biozone is considered to be Middle Permian (Guadalupian) in age.
The rocks of the "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone consist mainly of maroon to greyish red or purple mudstone layers which exhibit blocky weathering at exposed outcrops. The mudstones contain calcareous nodules and sheet limestones, both are indicative of a warm and seasonally arid climate, revealing the presence of paleocalcretes and carbonate precipitation respectively in playa lakes. Paleosols are also commonly found in the mudstones, which indicates a lack of deposition for long periods of time. In some deposits the mudstone layers contain thin chert lenses which have been attributed to silicified tuff deposits. Alternating beds of light grey to dark greenish grey siltstone and greenish grey to light olive grey sandstones which weather to light orange grey. The siltstones frequently contain both symmetrical and asymmetrical ripple surfaces which indicate that paleocurrents traveled downstream in a northerly direction. Desiccation cracks which are infilled by fine sandstone are also found. The sandstones are fine-grained and mainly tabular, indicating that deposition of these sandstones was in a low-energy fluvial environment. The sandstones are capped in the upper sections of the biozone with mudstone clast conglomerates.
The depositional environment of the "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone was formed by sedimentary material being deposited in the Karoo Basin (a retro-arc foreland basin) by vast, low-energy alluvial plains flowing northwards from a southerly source area in the rising Gondwanide mountains. The Gondwanides were the result of crustal uplift that had previously begun to take course due to subduction of the Palaeo-pacific plate beneath the Gondwanan Plate. Orogenic pulses from the growing Gondwanides mountain chain and associated subduction created accommodation space for sedimentation in the Karoo Basin where the deposits of the "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage zone, and all other succeeding assemblage zone deposits, were deposited over millions of years.
Paleontology.
The "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone is characterized by the presence of "Tapinocephalus atherstonei" and "Bradysaurus baini". Vertebrate fossils found in this biozone are not especially common, however are most commonly discovered as articulated single specimens within or associated with the calcareous nodules in the mudstone layers. As the name for this biozone suggests, it is renowned by paleontologists for its diverse Dinocephalian fossil species where almost all members of this family – the Anteosauridae, Titanosuchidae, and Tapinocephalidae – are represented. Example species from these families are "Anteosaurus magnificus", "Jonkeria boonstrai", and "Tapinocephalus atherstonei" respectively. Other notable dinocephalian species which have been discovered from this biozone are the advanced tapinocephalids "Struthiocephalus whaitsi" and "Moschops capensis", and the unusual "Styracocephalus platyrhynchus". Unfortunately dinocephalian fossils are frequently found disarticulated with much of their postcrania missing.
Despite the rarity of fossils, the fossil taxa that have been found from the "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone are extremely diverse. Parareptile species such as the pareiasaur, "Bradysaurus," and the perplexing putative pantestudine "Eunotosaurus africanus" are confined to this biozone. One of the few pelycosaur species found in South African deposits, "Elliotsmithia longiceps", and the biarmosuchian "Hipposaurus boonstrai" are likewise found, including a variety of basal gorgonopsid, anomodont, and therocephalian species. The dicynodont "Diictodon feliceps" first appeared in this biozone and remained ubiquitous until the Permian-Triassic boundary. Other dicynodont species found include "Robertia broomiana" and "Pristerodon brachyops". Finally, fossils of temnospondyl amphibians such as "Rhinesuchoides tenuiceps", remains of the fish "Namaichthys digitata", invertebrate fossils of molluscs, invertebrate trackways and burrows, vertebrate footprints of therapsids, and a variety of plant fossils, namely of "Glossopteris", "Dadoxylon", and "Schizoneura", have been recovered.
Correlation.
Many dinocephalian species that are found in the "Tapinochephalus" Assemblage Zone have been found in formations in different countries which correlate in age. As dinocephalian fossils are only known from Middle Permian (Guadalupian) deposits, dinocephalians are good biostratigraphic markers for this period. Dinocephalian fossils, along with other therapsid species found in the "Tapinocephalus" Assemblage Zone, have been recovered from the Rio do Rasto Formation from the Paraná Basin in Brazil and from the Madumabisa Mudstone in Zambia.

</doc>
<doc id="7000043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000043" title="Romantica (song)">
Romantica (song)

"Romantica" (English: "Romantic [Woman]") is a song written by Italian singer-songwriter Renato Rascel with Dino Verde. It was performed for the first time during the tenth Sanremo Music Festival in January 1960, when two different versions of the song were sung by Rascel and Tony Dallara. Rascel performed the song as a soft ballad, while Dallara, who was considered by Italian music critics as one of the "urlatori" ("screamers"), a music style popular in Italy during the 1960s, gave a more powerful rendition of the song.
The song placed first in the competition and went on to be chosen as in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, where it was performed in Italian by Rascel, twelfth on the night. It followed 's Wyn Hoop with "Bonne nuit ma chérie" and preceded 's Jacqueline Boyer with "Tom Pillibi". At the close of voting, it had received 5 points, placing it 8th in a field of 13.
The song spanned three foreign versions in 1960:
Between the late 1980s and early 1990s, the Norwegian vintage band Lollipop performed and released an Italian-language version of "Romantica", with singer Tor Endresen. The band was founded by singer Rune Larsen for a vintage music show in Norway, and had become very successful with 30 episodes on TV and two tours, as well as music releases between 1955 and 1965.
As the Italian representative, "Romantica" was succeeded at the 1961 contest by Betty Curtis with "Al di là".

</doc>
<doc id="7000044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000044" title="GM EV-1">
GM EV-1



</doc>
<doc id="7000045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000045" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Périgueux">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Périgueux

The Diocese of Périgueux and Sarlat (Latin: "Dioecesis Petrocoricensis et Sarlatensis"; French: "Diocèse de Périgueux et Sarlat") is a Latin Church ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Catholic Church in France. Its episcopal see is Périgueux, in the "département" of Dordogne, in the "région" of Aquitaine. The Diocese of Périgueux is a suffragan diocese in the ecclesiastical province of the metropolitan Archdiocese of Bordeaux. The current bishop is Philippe Mousset, who was appointed in 2014.
History.
The "Martyrology of Ado" gives St. Front as the first bishop of Périgueux; Saint Peter is said to have sent him to this town with the St. George to whom later traditions assign the foundation of the church of Le Puy. Subsequent biographies, which appeared between the 10th and 13th centuries, make St. Front's life one with that of St. Fronto of Nitria, thereby giving it an Egyptian colouring. At all events we know by the "Chronicle of Sulpicius Severus" that a Bishop of Périgueux, Paternus, was deposed for heresy about 361.
Among its bishops are:
The Abbey of Saint-Sauveur of Sarlat, later placed under the patronage of St. Sacerdos of Limoges, seems to have existed before the reigns of Pepin the Short and Charlemagne who came there in pilgrimage and because of their munificence deserved to be called "founders" in a Bull of Pope Eugene III (1153). About 936 St. Odo, Abbot of Cluny, was sent to reform the abbey. The abbey was made an episcopal see by pope John XXII, on 13 January 1318.

</doc>
<doc id="7000049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000049" title="Ayten Mutlu">
Ayten Mutlu

Ayten Mutlu (born 6 October 1952 Bandırma, Turkey) is a Turkish poet and writer. She graduated from Yıldız Technical University and Istanbul University and graduated from Management faculty of İstanbul University in 1975. She retired from The Central Bank. She was politically active, in the Women rights Movement.
She has published poetry, prose, stories and criticism. She also translated, contemporary poets from English to Turkish that published many of them in periodicals. She translates women poets from Antiquity to now selections from the world over.
She is laureate of price Ibrahim Yildizoglu (1999), price of poem of the international Meeting of the poets of Yalova (2001) and price Sunullah Arısoy (2005)
Master of condensed poem, of the image that illumines and quietly. Her poetry explodes with sound and meaning reflects a struggle within herself, as well as a view of the world in which all horror and beauty are seen at once and often intermingled. 
Her opposition and political ideas are reflected in her poems but from a lyrical way.

</doc>
<doc id="7000052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000052" title="Bishopric of Périgueux">
Bishopric of Périgueux



</doc>
<doc id="7000054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000054" title="Hao Mengling">
Hao Mengling

Hao Mengling (18 February 1892 – 15 October 1937) was a Chinese general who distinguished himself first in the Northern Expedition and then in the Battle of Xinkou.
Early life.
Born on 18 February 1892 into a family of poor farmers, Hao ran away from his apprenticeship at a grocery shop to join the army when he was just a child. After he graduated from Baoding Military Academy, he joined Feng Yuxiang' Guominjun along with his mentor Wei Yisan (魏益三) in 1921. In 1926, he participated in the Northern Expedition as commanding officer of 26th Bde 4th Army, and his outstanding command earned him a promotion to CO of 2nd Division and then 54th Division. After the Central Plains War he was promoted to CO of 9th Army.
Career.
Hao relinquished his command in 1937 after battling communist forces for decades, but returned after the Marco Polo Bridge Incident. By the time he got back to the front line from Sichuan, the IJA had already broken through Yanmen Pass and were converging on Xinkou. Under Wei Lihuang's 14th Army Group, Hao led his 9th Army and Shanxi clique's 19th, 35th and 61st Armies in the defense of Xinkou.

</doc>
<doc id="7000063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000063" title="T.A. Sekhar">
T.A. Sekhar



</doc>
<doc id="7000064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000064" title="Mazharudin">
Mazharudin



</doc>
<doc id="7000069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000069" title="John T. McManus">
John T. McManus

John Thomas McManus (1904 – November 1961) was an American journalist active in progressive politics in the 1950s and 1960s best known as co-founder of the "National Guardian", a left-leaning newspaper.
Background.
John Thomas McManus was born in 1904 in New York City.
During the 1930s, McManus took off time from work to obtain a B.A. from Marietta College in Ohio.
Career.
In 1927, McManus started to work for "The New York Times" as a copy boy, police reporter, writer on bridge, and movie reviewer.
In 1937, McManus resigned from the "Times" to join the staff of "Time" magazine as radio critic. In 1940, William Saroyan lists him among "contributing editors" at "Time" in the play, "Love's Old Sweet Song".
In the 1940s, McManus resigned to join the staff of "PM", a left-of-center New York City daily.
In the postwar period, McManus was actively involved in electoral politics. In 1948, he served on the national committee of the Progressive Party in support of the presidential candidacy of former vice-president Henry A. Wallace. In 1950 and 1954, McManus ran for Governor of New York on the American Labor Party ticket. In 1958, he ran again for Governor of New York, this time on the Independent-Socialist ticket.
In 1949, McManus co-founded the "National Guardian", a progressive newspaper, with fellow former "Times" writer James Aronson. The paper was critical of the Cold War and McCarthyism and supportive of the labor movement and racial equality. He would co-edit the paper until his death in 1961.
In November 1955, McManus and Aronson were among 26 former and current "New York Times" employees subpoenaed by the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee. The subcommittee was investigating Communist infiltration in the American media. The subpoenas were based upon the testimony of Winston Burdett, a famous CBS war correspondent. In 1956, McManus testified, citing Fifth Amendment protections to avoid naming names or admit any knowledge of Communist activities.
Personal life and death.
McManus met his wife, journalist Jane Bedell McManus (ca. 1920-2005), while working at the "National Guardian" in the 1950s. They adopted two children, Enid Paul Mayberry and Sharon Mayberry, daughters of the previous Jane's husband, dr George Mayberry.
John Thomas McManus died age 56 in November 1961 of a heart attack. His wife moved in 1969 to Cuba to live with her third husband William Lee Brent, whom she met and married on the island, until her death.
Legacy.
In 1952, Whittaker Chambers mentioned McManus in a personal anecdote from the early 1940s: Across the table from me was sitting John McManus, then "Time"'s very fluent radio writer, later an American Labor Party candidate for Governor of New York. He stared at me balefully. "I should think your favorite movie," he said, "would be "The Informer"." A mighty armor is our innocence. Guilelessly, I agreed. The picturization of the novel by the brother of my old "Daily Worker" colleague, Tom O'Flaherty, was in fact one of my favorite movies. It was several minutes before I suddenly realized what McManus meant.

</doc>
<doc id="7000070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000070" title="Who Is Mike Jones">
Who Is Mike Jones



</doc>
<doc id="7000071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000071" title="Jorge Reyna">
Jorge Reyna

Jorge Reyna (born 10 January 1963) is a retired male triple jumper from Cuba who won a silver medal at the 1989 World Indoor Championships in Budapest.
His personal best jump was 17.48 metres, achieved in February 1987 in Santiago de Cuba. This result places him sixth on the all-time Cuban performers list, behind Yoelbi Quesada, Lázaro Betancourt, Aliecer Urrutia, Yoandri Betanzos and Alexander Martínez. 
Balcindes finished third behind fellow Cubans Lázaro Betancourt and Lázaro Balcindes in the triple jump event at the British 1984 AAA Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="7000078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000078" title="Jesse Reklaw">
Jesse Reklaw

Jesse Reklaw (born 1971) is an American cartoonist and painter, author of the syndicated dream-based comic strip "Slow Wave".
Biography.
Reklaw was born in Berkeley, California and grew up in Sacramento, studied at UC Santa Cruz, and completed a master's degree in computer science at Yale University. In 1995, while pursuing a Ph.D. in artificial intelligence, he began self-publishing comics in his dream-themed series "Concave Up". At the same time, he developed the weekly strip "Slow Wave"; when he began to have some success in syndicating it, he dropped out of Yale to work as a cartoonist. He lives in Portland, Oregon with his cat, Littles, who appears in many of his strips and zines.
"Slow Wave".
"Slow Wave" is "a collective dream diary authored by people from around the world." Readers email their dreams to Reklaw, who illustrates them in a classic four panel cartoon which credits the dreamer as co-author. Reklaw pares down each dream he selects to a few sentences. Reklaw has said he likes dreams because they have "their own logic and a natural dada-like humor." Examples of "Slow Wave" stories include one in which "a man is pursued by an all-knowing ham"; one in which "the Royal Hole in the Earth Society discusses an award for the best hole filled with water"; and "one about a man who rode a unicorn to distant mountaintops in search of the world's only bathroom".
"Slow Wave" has been published in alternative newspapers and on the web since 1995. An anthology of "Slow Wave" strips was published in the book "Dreamtoons". "Slow Wave" has also been published in "Dream Time", the newsletter of the Association of the Study of Dreams, and two "Slow Wave" strips appeared in the textbook Introduction to Psychology, 5E by James Kalat, published by Brooks/Cole.
Other works.
Reklaw's work has frequently appeared in small-press anthologies and self-published minicomics, many of which are available through the small-press comics distributor Global Hobo, which he co-operates. He is also the designer and editor of a small found object art book, "Applicant", which reproduces photographs and descriptions of graduate school applicants in the 1970s.
Reklaw maintains the ethics of the early indie zine and mail art traditions, and has been known to send strangers free mini-comics in envelopes decorated with "crazy fish stamps." Reklaw is currently writing an autobiographical graphic novel called "Couchtag," an excerpt of which, "13 Cats", was published in Houghton Mifflin's "Best American Comics 2006".
In 1992, Reklaw was in a band called Pissant with fellow cartoonist Adrian Tomine.
Awards.
In 2004, Reklaw won an Excellence in Journalism Award from the Northern California chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists for his regular publication of "Slow Wave" in the "East Bay Express", and he received awards from the Association of Alternative Newsweeklies in 2001, 2003, and 2004 for "Slow Wave", including "Best cartoon" and "Format buster."
Reklaw has been nominated five times for an Ignatz Award: Outstanding Online Comic in 2003 ("Slow Wave"), and Outstanding Minicomic in 2001 ("Mime Compliant" #5), 2003 ("Lo-Horse", with David Lasky), and 2005 ("Couch Tag" #2). In 2008, he won the Ignatz Award for Outstanding Minicomic for ("Bluefuzz The Hero").

</doc>
<doc id="7000079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000079" title="WMXC-FM">
WMXC-FM



</doc>
<doc id="7000086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000086" title="The Treasure of Tranicos (collection)">
The Treasure of Tranicos (collection)

The Treasure of Tranicos is a 1980 collection of a fantasy short story and essays by American writers Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian; the essays by de Camp are on the title story and on Howard. The book is illustrated by Esteban Maroto.
The title story was revised by de Camp from the original version by Howard and was first published as "The Black Stranger" in "Fantasy Magazine" for February, 1953. It subsequently appeared in the collections "King Conan" (Gnome Press, 1953) and "Conan the Usurper" (Lancer Books, 1967).
Plot summary.
"The Treasure of Tranicos".
The title story begins with Conan in the Pictish Wilderness, fleeing native warriors who are now hunting him. To escape his pursuers, Conan climbs a nearby hill. Suddenly, he sees the Picts inexplicably abandon their chase and turn back. Soon, Conan realizes this spot must be a forbidden place to the Picts. The hill turns out to hold a treasure cave, along with the preserved bodies of a pirate captain, Tranicos, and his crew. Eventually, the treasure draws others towards the forbidden cave in their quest for it — one Count Valenso, and both Zingaran and Barachan sea reavers. But the bane of Tranicos is quite ready to take new victims, and Conan must outmaneuver all of them if "he" is to claim the riches.
Howard's original story pointed toward a new nautical career for Conan; one of de Camp's major changes was to make it lead instead into the revolution that would bring the Cimmerian to the throne of Aquilonia.
"The Trail of Tranicos".
The essay following the story relates the circumstances of de Camp's discovery of Howard's manuscript and his revision and publication of it.
"Scald in the Post Oaks".
The remaining essay is about Howard himself.

</doc>
<doc id="7000096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000096" title="Human rights in the u.s.">
Human rights in the u.s.



</doc>
<doc id="7000098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000098" title="Grey-headed Flying-fox">
Grey-headed Flying-fox



</doc>
<doc id="7000103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000103" title="Audubon Wetland Management District">
Audubon Wetland Management District

Audubon Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and consists of 123 Waterfowl Production Areas (WPAs), 8 National Wildlife Refuges (NWRs), and numerous wetland and grassland easements and over 100 separate wetland areas set aside to preserve habitat for bird, plant and mammal species. These lands contain valuable wetland and grassland habitat for waterfowl and other migratory birds, and many other species of wildlife. Scattered throughout west central and southwestern North Dakota in McLean, Ward, and Sheridan Counties, the district is managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and from Audubon National Wildlife Refuge. Hundreds of lakes and marshlands in this region provide critical habitat for migratory and nesting bird species.

</doc>
<doc id="7000108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000108" title="Charles Daellenbach">
Charles Daellenbach

Conrad Charles Daellenbach C.M. ( ; born July 12, 1945) is an American and Canadian tubist. He is best known as one of the founding members of the Canadian Brass, in which he remains the quintet's tuba player, publisher, business administrator and professional relationships manager. Daellenbach is one of the most recorded tuba performers in history.
Early life and personal life.
Conrad Charles Daellenbach was born to a musical family in Rhinelander, Wisconsin, on July 12, 1945. Descended from four generations of Swiss and German musicians, he followed his two older sisters into the choirs, bands and orchestras taught by his father. As a young player, Daellenbach met and studied with the legendary artist/teacher Arnold Jacobs, followed by early entry to the Eastman School of Music while still in high school, eventually graduating with a Bachelor of Music in 1966, a Master of Arts in 1968 and a Ph.D. in 1971. Daellenbach first met Arnold Jacobs at the Gunnison, Colorado Music Festival in 1962, a relationship that lasted throughout Jacobs' lifetime.
Career.
Daellenbach moved to Toronto and taught music at the Faculty of Music at the University of Toronto. The Canadian Brass was formed in 1970 by Daellenbach and trombonist Gene Watts, enlisting trumpeter Stuart Laughton and University of Toronto Business School graduate Graeme Page. As of 2020, Daellenbach had performed fifty years with a seven-thousand performance streak in the ensemble, often compared to the famous baseball hall-of-famer Cal Ripken Jr. who played 2632 consecutive games.
Daellenbach's contributions to the brass world include over 600 standard repertoire works for brass quintets, more than 30 best-selling concert band versions of the most popular Canadian Brass repertoire, and an educational series that has sold nearly one million copies worldwide. His recording company, Opening Day Entertainment (ODEG), has produced over 73 CDs and DVDs. Three ODEG CDs have been top-10 Billboard hits, four have received Juno Awards, and 13 have been Juno nominated.
Ten most defining events for Daellenbach within the Canadian Brass are:
1. Ten appearances on Sesame Street
2. Ambassadors to China in 1977 sent by Prime Minister Pierre Elliot Trudeau
3. First chamber ensemble to play the MAINSTAGE at Carnegie Hall in NYC
4. Successful appearance on the Johnny Carson Tonight Show
5. Feature artist on Hunan TV's New Year's Show viewed by over half a billion viewers 2012
6. Nominated for 17 Junos (Canadian Grammy), winner of the German Echo Award (German Grammy) and several Grammy nominations
7. Voted "Audience Favourite Tuba Player" by Brass Bulletin
8. Schweizerhof Hotel in Lucerne Switzerland designates Room 182 as the "Daellenbach Room"
9. Daellenbach invited to the Board of Euterpe Music (Toronto), honorary board memory of The Coalition for Music Education (Canada) and former board member Music Educators National Conference (USA)
10. Eastman School of Music named Dr. Daellenbach "Distinguished Alumnus.”
In 2014, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada "for popularizing classical music, notably as a founder of the Canadian Brass, one of our nation's most internationally renowned classical music groups".
As of 2025, Daellenbach still plays in the Canadian Brass and, with the retirement of Gene Watts in 2010, is the last original member touring with the group.
Personal life.
Daellenbach is separated, with two sons. He resides in Toronto as does his son Chris. His other son Willis is an agent, producer, and operator at Produkt in Montreal and Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="7000113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000113" title="Ohio Wesleyan Sweetly and Strong">
Ohio Wesleyan Sweetly and Strong



</doc>
<doc id="7000117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000117" title="Diptendu Pramanick">
Diptendu Pramanick

 
Diptendu Pramanick (18 July 1910 –15 December 1989) was an Indian film personality from Calcutta. He was the founder secretary of the "Eastern India Motion Pictures Association" in Calcutta, India, a fraternity of film personnel which is an interface between the entertainment industry of eastern India and the Government. During his multifarious career he came in contact with eminent personalities and saw the evolution of this organisation from its initial days to being a regionwide entity.
Early life and education.
He was born on 18 July 1910 in Calcutta. He was the eldest son of Sudhamoy Pramanick from Shantipur. He did his early schooling in Calcutta and then at the Raiganj Coronation School, Raiganj where his father practised as a lawyer.
In 1926 he returned to Calcutta and cleared Matriculation followed by the Intermediate examinations in Science in 1928. He then joined the Scottish Church College, Calcutta.
His interactions with many a revolutionary (due to his father's involvement with the Congress and the Satyagraha movement at Raigunj), the explosive air of the times, and the inspiration from a famous alumni "(The Oaten Affair – Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose assaulted Prof Oaten due to the latter's derogatory comment on Indians )" probably drove him to antagonise an Indian-loathing teacher at Scottish Church College, and follow Bose's suit.
He later graduated from Asutosh College, and earned a bachelor's degree in science from the University of Calcutta in 1931.
Career.
1931–1948
After leaving college, he worked as the Secretary to the then Mayor of Calcutta Sri Santosh Kumar Basu. Out of his literary inclinations, he associated with literary conferences and Bengali literature fora. The 12th Prabasi Banga-Sahitya Sammelan was inaugurated by Rabindranath Tagore in Calcutta, December 1934 "(Photo : The Reception Committee was chaired by Ramananda Chatterjee)"..Also seen in the photograph is Akshay Kumar Nandi, father of Amala Sankar.
On completion of Mr Basu's term as Mayor, he became the Liaison Officer of Civil Defense and in the Publicity Section of the Commercial Museum. In 1942, he moved to the Home Department of the then Bengal Government as Liaison Officer, Civil Defense. The concept of Civil Defence owes its origin to erstwhile ARP Organisation raised and operated during World War II (1939–45) to safeguard the life and property of the civilian population and train the citizens to handle war time crisis.
At this time, Japan had overrun Burma and the threat of bombing was looming large on Calcutta. Eventually Japanese aircraft bombed Budge Budge (south of Calcutta).
A Bengali folk rhyme captures this World War II event:
The bombing led to widespread panic – over a million people fled from the city and there was a huge pressure on civic authorities to control the situation. Indian Civil Defence Department expanded at a rapid pace to counter these threats and planned lighting restrictions, medical platoons, fire-fighting and rescue units. At the end of the war, the department was wound down starting 1947.
Subsequently, he tested his skills of entrepreneurship through a venture "(Cine Furnishers Limited)" with a couple of friends . It is here that he came in close contact with people of the Bengali film industry of Kolkata.
EIMPA
Enthused with these contacts, he joined an association of producers, distributors and exhibitors of Bengal (Bengal Motion Pictures Association) in 1948 as Secretary while Sri B. N. Sircar was the President. Next year he started the "BMPA journal" and was the editor for more than two decades.
The Association was working on a rented premises at 125, Dharamtolla Street "(now Lenin Sarani)" which was moved to 2, Madan Street, Calcutta. The association grew under his leadership and moved into 98E Chowringhee Square (now 98E B.N. Sircar Sarani – EIMPA house - its present location).
He was the first secretary of the then expanded Eastern India Motion Picture Association (EIMPA) and was instrumental in opening the EIMPA offices in Patna and Guwahati. In this period the uncertainties of war led to severe shortage of raw film stock in the country. A Film Advisory Committee was formed under the Government of India, and was given control of raw film stock distribution. EIMPA played an important role as a trade representative, negotiating materials for the film industry of eastern India and much of Diptendu's efforts were directed for the same. During his tenure he also served as the Secretary of Film Federation of India (1953–1954). In 1956, Diptendu and other stalwarts like Satyajit Ray, Robert Hawkins, Vijaya Mulay and Dasgupta revived the Calcutta Film Society which witnessed the joining of 300 members. The same team were then the prime movers behind the formation of the Federation of Film Societies of India (FFSI) in 1959 which was presided by Satyajit Ray, with Diptendu as the Jt. Treasurer during which Indira Gandhi was a member of the FFSI (till 1964).
First International Film Festival of India (IFFI), 1952.
The Films Division of the Government of India sponsored and organised the First International Film Festival of India in 1952. BMPA played a pivotal role in organising the festival in Calcutta. Frank Capra, the famous American director flew in and was overwhelmed by the reception he got at Calcutta after visiting Bombay and Delhi. In his autobiography he wrote 
This photograph depicts his welcoming at the Dum Dum Airport as in his autobiography, with the who's who of Calcutta Filmdom.
First film seminar, 1955.
Sangeet Natak Akademi convened the first film seminar at Delhi and it was inaugurated by Prime Minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. Prominent film personality attended this seminar 
Twilight years.
In the early 1970s, he was still getting nominated to committees, representing the Cinema trade for their infrastructural and legal issues, including the significant 1967–68 and the 1973–74 Parliamentary Estimates Committee.
The elaborate reports of the 1968 and 1973 Committees raised issues about institutional finances, cess based state funding of cinema, creating a generation of ‘low-budget’ stars to counter the lopsided economics of a star-heavy industry and censorship reforms. In that sense the report anticipated the birth of a generation of stars from the state-driven FTII in the Naseeruddin Shah and Smita Patil era.
Legacy.
Children from many underprivileged families of Dahuka, a remote village in Bardhaman district, receive school books from the Diptendu Pramanick Book fund every year, during a ceremony held on the occasion of the Saraswati Puja.
The apex body of film distributors and producers (EIMPA) continues to help the industry facing the challenges of corporatisation, censorship, piracy and "multiplexes".

</doc>
<doc id="7000125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000125" title="Endolymphatic sacs">
Endolymphatic sacs



</doc>
<doc id="7000127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000127" title="Vinica, Veľký Krtíš">
Vinica, Veľký Krtíš



</doc>
<doc id="7000129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000129" title="The Hungry Mile">
The Hungry Mile

The Hungry Mile is the name harbourside workers gave to the docklands area of Darling Harbour East, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia in the Great Depression. Workers would walk from wharf to wharf in search of a job, often failing to find one.
The system of day labour gave rise to similar conditions on many port areas, such as Melbourne's Wailing Wall.
As stevedoring operations moved to ports at Port Botany and Port Kembla, the Government of New South Wales determined that this site should be renewed as an extension of the Sydney CBD with a significant new foreshore park providing recreational areas for a growing Sydney population. This area is being redeveloped into a recreational, business and shopping precinct.
The area was officially part of Millers Point. In 2006, as part of the urban renewal plans, the State Government held a competition for the site's name. The Maritime Union of Australia campaigned to renew the "Hungry Mile" name, as an acknowledgement of the site's historical significance to waterside workers. The State Government named the area Barangaroo. The name honours Barangaroo, an important indigenous woman from Sydney's early history who was a powerful and colourful figure in the colonisation of Australia. She was also the wife of Bennelong, another important indigenous figure after whom Bennelong Point is named, the site of the Sydney Opera House. A section of Barangaroo, Hickson Road between the Munn Street overbridge and the Napoleon Street intersection, was officially designated the Hungry Mile in 2009.
Popular culture.
In 1930, "The Hungry Mile" was the title of wharfie poet Ernest Antony's most famous poem, in a published collection titled "The Hungry Mile and other poems". Memories of the Hungry Mile and Antony's poem became the inspiration for the Waterside Workers' Federation Film Unit 1950s film of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="7000131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000131" title="Tape baking">
Tape baking



</doc>
<doc id="7000132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000132" title="A Great New Star">
A Great New Star

A Great New Star is a 1952 musical sponsored film starring Dinah Shore, with her singing "See the U.S.A. in Your Chevrolet" (at the time, she starred in a twice-weekly 15-minute musical interlude for Chevrolet on NBC-TV). It starts off with her singing "It's a Most Unusual Day", and then shows an ephemeral film being made. The ending has her singing the Chevrolet jingle with shots of Chevrolet cars and America. It was made by the Jam Handy Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="7000139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000139" title="JT Walsh">
JT Walsh



</doc>
<doc id="7000151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000151" title="Zombor, Veľký Krtíš">
Zombor, Veľký Krtíš



</doc>
<doc id="7000155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000155" title="Nieche">
Nieche



</doc>
<doc id="7000169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000169" title="Design for dreaming">
Design for dreaming



</doc>
<doc id="7000174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000174" title="Chitrapur Math">
Chitrapur Math

Shri Chitrapur Math is the central "math" (community temple) for the Chitrapur Saraswat Brahmin sect. It has been located at Shirali in the Bhatkal Taluk in the North Kanara district of Karnataka since 1757. The other "maths" of the community are located in Gokarna, Karla, Mangalore and Mallapur. All of the "maths" have the insignia of the saffron flag.
The chief deity worshipped in the "math" is Shri Bhavanishankar, a form of Shiva. The other 6 sanctorums of the temple are of the Samadhis of the previous GuruSwami's of the community. Daily puja is carried out at the shrine of Bhavanishankar as well as the other Swamijis.
 Shri Sadyojat Shankarashram Swamiji is the head of the "math", having ascended the "Peetha" in February 1997. Shree Sadyojat Shankarashram Swamiji is the eleventh of this lineage of Gurus which began in 1708.
History.
Swami Parijnanashram I is believed to have been a direct avatar of Shiva himself and he came down from somewhere in the North (probably Varanasi). Not many details are known about this Swami, since record-keeping within the "math" started in about 1722.
Swami Shankarashram hailed from the Harite family. He was consecrated by Shri Parijnanashram Swami in 1720 (Sharvari Chaitra Sh-15). He attained "mahasamadhi" in 1757 (Ananda, Phalgun Sh-5).
At this point the issue of location of his Samadhi came up, and the Nagarkatti family offered their house in Chitrapur, Shirali for construction of the Samadhi and the Temple, which stands till today.
Shri Shankarashram-I had not adopted any disciple which caused some concern as to the continuity of this lineage. The threat of property takeover by the regional authorities loomed large over the Math, and a member of the Pandit family was considered a worthy person for this position. He was ordained Shri Parijnanashram-II. He adopted a disciple from the priestly family of Shukla, assigning him the name of Shri Shankarashram-II, and spent his life in Kollur in Dhyan (intense meditation), though he often visited Shirali. His Samadhi is located to the right of the Main Samadhi at Shri Chitrapur Math, Shirali..
The samadhi of Swami Shankarashram-II is located in Mallapur.
The disciple chosen by him hailed from the Talgeri family and was given the name of Shri Keshavashram. He began acquiring land and other agricultural assets for the "math".
Swami Keshavashram ordained a young disciple once again from the Shukla family under the name Shri Vamanashram, who entrusted day-to-day matters of the "math" to the priests. He attained "mahasamadhi" in Mangalore. A disciple adopted by him from the Nagarkar family was ordained for Sannyasa under the title of Shri Krishnashram.
During the reign of Shri Krishnashram most of the disciples were brought round from Vaishnava practices, land was purchased and reforms introduced. The Rath Utsava (chariot festival) was started. He was a scholar in Sanskrit and the "shastras". The disciple ordained by him was Shri Pandurangashram.
Shri Pandurangashram, of the Nagarkar family, was the eighth sant, and reigned for over fifty years. He was ordained into Sanyasa at 12 years of age and was trained under the Guruswami for five years. The greater part of the "math" was rebuilt and all the Samadhis of his predecessors were reconstructed with silver under this tutelage. He built a school, a post office and other structures of necessity in the village. He was a scholar of Vedic astrology and the Vedas. He attained "mahasamadhi" in 1915.
The "peetha" was then ascended by Shri Anandashram Swamiji, who hailed from the Haridas Family. He was ordained hardly 8 days prior to the "mahasamadhi" of Shri Pandurangashram Swamiji. Since his initiation in Sanyasa took place at very early age, he was not able to be personally guided by the Guruswami. He improved the financial position of the "math", which had dwindled during his early years, by making payments of "vantiga" (donations) almost mandatory. He reigned for 51 years and traveled widely. He attained "mahasamadhi" in Bangalore in 1966.
A disciple was adopted by Sri Anandashram Swamiji in 1959, once again from the Shuklakar family. His name was Swāmi Parijnānāshram III. He restarted the "Rathotsava" since it had been discontinued by previous Swamis for financial reasons. He collected antiques and artifacts to set up a museum. He started a school for the disabled in Bolinj at Virar near Mumbai.
Swāmi Parijnānāshram III attained "mahasamadhi" in Bangalore in 1991. His Samadhi is located at Karla near Lonavla in Maharashtra. The samadhi enclave also contains a temple of Goddess Durga Parmeshwari and Shree Ganesha just like the other Swamijis.
Shree Sadyojat Shankarashram Swami.
The previous Swamiji had not adopted a disciple ("shisya"). But some members of the community found out that a Saraswat youth had taken Sannyas and was in Mount Abu. They requested him to ascend the "Peetha"; he agreed, and became the 11th Guru.
Lineage of Swamis.
The lineage of all Swamis of this Math is called The Guru Parampara.
References.
All these books are internal publication and are available with the Chitrapur Math 

</doc>
<doc id="7000175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000175" title="A great new star">
A great new star



</doc>
<doc id="7000177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000177" title="Terp (disambiguation)">
Terp (disambiguation)

A terp is an artificial dwelling mound created to provide safe ground during storm surges, high tides or flooding.
Terp or TERP may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7000179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000179" title="A touch of magic">
A touch of magic



</doc>
<doc id="7000184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000184" title="Miky Maous">
Miky Maous

Miky Maous () is a Greek weekly comic that was first published on 1 July 1966, by Christos Terzopoulos. In 2006, the magazine surpassed 2000 issues and forty years of consecutive weekly print. It was the second oldest comic title in Greece until it ceased publication in 2013.
"Miky Maous" was published by Nea Aktina S.A., a subsidiary of Terzopoulos Publishing S.A. and Lambrakis Press Group since 1999. At the beginning of September 2013, "Miky Maous" ceased publications due to the ongoing crisis in Greece, that caused budget problems to Nea Aktina.
In 2014, the magazine was relaunched by Kathimerini, with numbering starting at #1.
In Greek culture, the phrase "Miky Maous" has become synonymous with comic books.

</doc>
<doc id="7000185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000185" title="Pseudohematobilia">
Pseudohematobilia



</doc>
<doc id="7000188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000188" title="Pseudohemobilia">
Pseudohemobilia



</doc>
<doc id="7000190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000190" title="Fratria">
Fratria

Fratria (, means "brotherhood" in Latin) is the largest organisation of FC Spartak Moscow supporters. It is responsible for organized voice and banner support during Spartak's matches both home (stand "B" of Luzhniki Stadium) and away.
The group was founded in 2005. Its motto is "One for all and all for one".
They maintain friendly relations with Delije, ultras and supporters of Serbian club Red Star Belgrade and Gate 7, the ultras of Greek club Olympiacos. The friendship between the groups stems from their links to the Orthodox faith and having the same club colours. The friendship is known as the "Orthodox brotherhood".

</doc>
<doc id="7000191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000191" title="Presbyterian Church U.S.A.">
Presbyterian Church U.S.A.



</doc>
<doc id="7000193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000193" title="Wirsungorrhage">
Wirsungorrhage



</doc>
<doc id="7000197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000197" title="Wirsungorrhagia">
Wirsungorrhagia



</doc>
<doc id="7000207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000207" title="Santorinirrhage">
Santorinirrhage



</doc>
<doc id="7000209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000209" title="Theaudience (album)">
Theaudience (album)

Theaudience is the only album from British band theaudience, released on 17 August 1998 by eLLeFFe and Mercury Records. It peaked at number 22 on the UK Albums Chart. The band featured Sophie Ellis-Bextor on lead vocals.
Release.
The album's artwork comes from the video for "I Got the Wherewithal", which was directed by Robin Bextor. Four singles were released from the album. "I Got the Wherewithal" was released in October 1997, peaking at number 170 on the UK Singles Chart. "If You Can't Do It When You're Young; When Can You Do It?" was released in February 1998, peaking at number 48. "A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed" was released in May 1998, peaking at number 27. "I Know Enough (I Don't Get Enough)" was released in July 1998, peaking at number 25. The music video for "If You Can't Do It When You're Young; When Can You Do It?" directed by Sophie's father Robin Bextor featured Sophie Ellis-Bextor's younger sister Martha-Rose playing her. "Keep in Touch" was briefly scheduled as the fifth single from the album, but the release of a fifth single was cancelled.
The original vinyl edition of the album was limited to 1,500 copies, and was pressed on glittery vinyl. On 8 July 2022, Scottish independent label Last Night from Glasgow reissued the album on double vinyl, including the original album across three sides of vinyl, in addition to six bonus tracks on side four.
Track listing.
All tracks written by Billy Reeves, except where noted.
Personnel.
Personnel per booklet.
Theaudience
Design
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7000213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000213" title="Wierde">
Wierde

Wierde (; ) is a sub-municipality of the city of Namur located in the province of Namur, Wallonia, Belgium. It was a separate municipality until 1977. On 1 January 1977, it was merged into Namur.

</doc>
<doc id="7000214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000214" title="Boris Yakovlovic Bukreyev">
Boris Yakovlovic Bukreyev



</doc>
<doc id="7000218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000218" title="Horae Diurnae">
Horae Diurnae



</doc>
<doc id="7000227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000227" title="Deryni Checkmate">
Deryni Checkmate

Deryni Checkmate is a fantasy novel by American-born author Katherine Kurtz. It was first published by Ballantine Books as the forty-sixth volume of the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series in May 1972, and has been reprinted a number of times since. The author released a revised and updated edition of the novel that was published by Ace Books in 2005. "Deryni Checkmate" was the second of Kurtz' Deryni novels to be published, and also the second book in the Chronicles of the Deryni Trilogy.
Plot introduction.
The novel is set in the land of Gwynedd, one of the fictional Eleven Kingdoms. Gwynedd itself is a medieval kingdom similar to the British Isles of the 12th century, with a powerful Holy Church (based on the Roman Catholic Church), and a feudal government ruled by a hereditary monarchy. The population of Gwynedd includes both humans and Deryni, a race of people with inherent physic and magical abilities who have been shunned and persecuted for centuries. The book takes place several months after "Deryni Rising", and details the consequences of the events that surrounded the coronation of young King Kelson Haldane. Horrified by the demonstrations of Deryni magic that occurred during the coronation, the leaders of the Holy Church of Gwynedd decide to take a stand against the Deryni, particularly Duke Alaric Morgan and Monsignor Duncan McLain. Kelson, Morgan, and Duncan must find a way to thwart the vengeance of the Church while also preparing for a possible invasion by a foreign enemy.
Plot summary.
"Deryni Checkmate" takes places in March 1121, four months after the coronation of fourteen-year-old King Kelson Haldane. The novel opens with the rabidly anti-Deryni leader of the Holy Church, Archbishop Edmund Loris, signing a letter that demands that the Deryni Duke of Corwyn, Alaric Morgan, recant his magical powers and submit to a life of penance. If he fails to do so, Loris threatens to excommunicate Morgan and place his entire duchy under interdict. Additionally, Morgan's cousin, Monsignor Duncan McLain, is suspended and summoned to an ecclesiastical trial to answer for his part in the events surrounding Kelson's coronation. After being warned of the threat, Kelson sends Duncan to warn Morgan of the upcoming trouble, fearing that Duncan's hidden Deryni heritage may be revealed by a trial.
Duncan travels to Morgan's capital city of Coroth, where he informs his cousin of Loris' threat. In addition to the ecclesiastical threat, Morgan's duchy is being ravaged by an anti-Deryni fanatic named Warin de Grey, and the neighboring kingdom of Torenth is preparing to launch an invasion of Gwynedd. Fearing that an internal Gwyneddan conflict will weaken the kingdom prior to fighting an external enemy, Morgan and Duncan eventually decide to travel to the city of Dhassa and personally appeal to the Curia of Bishops. However, en route to Dhassa, Morgan is drugged and captured by Warin, who intends to burn the Deryni duke as a heretic. Duncan manages to rescue his cousin, but is forced to reveal his Deryni powers to ensure their escape.
When the Curia learns of the cousins' actions, the two are soon excommunicated. Morgan and Duncan realize that appealing to the Curia is no longer an option, so they set out to meet with Kelson. Loris attempts to place Corwyn under Interdict, but a group of bishops refuses to participate in an action that would punish an entire duchy for the actions of its duke. Loris rages against the rebels, but he and his supporters are thrown out of Dhassa, effectively splitting the Curia.
Kelson has traveled to the city of Culdi to attend the wedding of Morgan's sister, Bronwyn, and Duncan's half-brother, Kevin. Unknown to anyone, a jealous architect named Rimmell has fallen in love with Bronwyn and seeks to win her affections through the use of a love charm he acquires from an old witch woman. However, Rimmell's plan backfires horribly, and the charm kills both Bronwyn and Kevin. By the time Morgan and Duncan arrive in Culdi, Rimmell has been executed for his crime. Though Morgan is crushed with grief over the death of his sister, Kelson reminds him that he must still see to his duties. Facing an internal ecclesiastical schism, rebel fanatics ravaging his lands, and an imminent invasion from Torenth, Kelson cannot allow Morgan to wallow in his grief. Morgan agrees, and returns to his duties in service to the throne of Gwynedd.
Awards and nominations.
"Deryni Checkmate" was a finalist for the 1973 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for outstanding work in the field of fantasy literature. The other finalists were Ursula K. Le Guin's "The Farthest Shore", Poul Anderson's "The Dancer from Atlantis", Thomas Burnett Swann's "Green Phoenix", and Roger Zelazny's "The Guns of Avalon". Kurtz and Zelazny had both been nominated for the same award in 1971, each for the first books of their signature series (Kurtz' "Deryni Rising" and Zelazny's "Nine Princes in Amber"), but they both lost to "The Crystal Cave", the first novel in Mary Stewart's signature series. In 1973, Kurtz and Zelazny lost again, this time to Evangeline Walton's "The Song of Rhiannon".
In 1973, "Deryni Checkmate" ranked 15th in an annual poll of "Locus magazine" readers, placing it between Jack Vance's "The Brave, Free Men" and Barry N. Malzberg's "Beyond Apollo." (The poll was won by Isaac Asimov for his novel, "The Gods Themselves".)

</doc>
<doc id="7000230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000230" title="Horæ Diurnæ">
Horæ Diurnæ



</doc>
<doc id="7000237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000237" title="Photographs (Andrew Osenga album)">
Photographs (Andrew Osenga album)

Photographs (2002) is the first solo studio album from Andrew Osenga. Originally released in 2002, it was re-released at the same time as his second full-length studio album, "The Morning" (2006).
Track listing.
All songs are written by Andrew Osenga.
Personnel.
Production

</doc>
<doc id="7000238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000238" title="Eli Kassner">
Eli Kassner

Eli Kassner, (27 May 1924 – 23 August 2018) was a Canadian classical guitar teacher and musician.
Eli Kassner studied guitar in Vienna and Israel before moving to Canada in 1951. He also studied in the United States, Israel, and in Spain, under the great virtuoso classical guitarist, Andrés Segovia. He performed until 1967.
In 1956, he founded the Guitar Society of Toronto. He was its president from 1960 to 1966 and artistic director from 1970 to 2008. In 1967, he established the Eli Kassner Guitar Academy.
He established the guitar program at the University of Toronto and The Royal Conservatory of Music in Toronto (RCMT) in 1959 and started the University of Toronto Guitar Ensemble in 1978.
In the 1970s, Kassner became interested in microphotography, and worked as a composer and performer for the CBC Television series "The Lively Arts" and "The Nature of Things".
Eli Kassner was awarded an honorary doctorate from Carleton University and was also inducted into the Guitar Foundation of America's Hall of Fame. In 2009, the Guitar Society of Toronto, honored Eli Kassner with a lifetime 'Artistic Director Emeritus' appointment.
In 2016, he was appointed as a Member of the Order of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="7000244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000244" title="Motion in the Ocean">
Motion in the Ocean

Motion in the Ocean is the third studio album released by English pop rock band McFly. The album was released in the United Kingdom on 6 November 2006. The album has sold more than 300,000 copies in the UK since its release, being certified platinum. The tour edition of the album was released on 14 May 2007. Alongside the addition of bonus track "Baby's Coming Back", the album was accompanied by a DVD of the "Motion in the Ocean Tour 2006", recorded live at Wembley Arena. The album was a limited edition. This version of the album reached number fourteen on the official album chart, selling 11,256 copies.
Background.
The album was recorded in the Grouse Lodge recording studio in Westmeath, Ireland. The album's first song, "We Are The Young", first featured as a demo B-side to the single "Star Girl". This version is slightly different, with stronger piano riffs. "Please Please" contains obvious references to actress Lindsay Lohan, who drummer Harry Judd met on the set of Lohan's movie Just My Luck, in which McFly made an appearance. Lohan is not mentioned specifically, but the woman featured in the video for the song has green eyes, red hair, and is named Lindsay. The name tag on her nurse's uniform also says "Lindsay Allbright" – Lohan's character in Just My Luck was named "Ashley Allbright." The band's official position, as stated in the album notes, is that the song is not about Lohan.

</doc>
<doc id="7000247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000247" title="Switch (computer)">
Switch (computer)



</doc>
<doc id="7000250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000250" title="Estonian Social Democratic Party">
Estonian Social Democratic Party



</doc>
<doc id="7000254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000254" title="Boli (food)">
Boli (food)



</doc>
<doc id="7000256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000256" title="Mike Flanagan (American football player)">
Mike Flanagan (American football player)



</doc>
<doc id="7000258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000258" title="Network Switch">
Network Switch



</doc>
<doc id="7000263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000263" title="Effective isotropically-radiated power">
Effective isotropically-radiated power



</doc>
<doc id="7000264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000264" title="Star Girl (song)">
Star Girl (song)

"Star Girl" is the second single from English pop rock band McFly's third studio album, "Motion in the Ocean" (2006). Released in the UK on 23 October 2006, the song was the band's sixth number-one single in the UK, staying in the top 20 for two weeks. In 2009, the song was played in space to wake up the astronauts on the space station, with thanks to a successful Twitter campaign started by band member Tom Fletcher, asking NASA to play the song in space.
Background.
"Star Girl" was written by McFly, Jason Perry, Julian Emery and Daniel P. Carter. The single features a live recording of "Silence is a Scary Sound" from the Wonderland Tour 2005 DVD. "Silence is a Scary Sound" was written by McFly bassist Dougie Poynter when he was 14 years old. The single also includes the first track from the "Motion in the Ocean" album, "We Are the Young". The song was inspired by a dream Tom Fletcher had, about falling in love with an alien woman. The song was originally called "Good Night", but the band felt the lyrics didn't fit. Tom had a dream about writing a massive, Westlife style song written about falling in love with an alien woman so he decided to replace the "Good Night" lyrics with the new lyrics, hoping it would be a bigger success than the song he wrote in his dream.
On 2 June 2008 McFly made a surprise guest appearance at the Jonas Brothers' concert at Wembley Arena, where they performed "Star Girl" along with the Jonas Brothers. Beginning in early 2010, Star Girl was played every Friday morning on "The Chris Moyles Show" on BBC Radio 1 in a feature called "McFlyday". On the final Chris Moyles Show broadcast 14 September 2012 the band re-recorded the track with altered lyrics relating to Chris Moyles and BBC Radio 1.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart. Although debuting at number one, the single dropped to number nine the following week and spent just six weeks in the top 75.
Music video.
The video featured home footage of the band at Danny's house in Bolton as well as a performance scene filmed in South London in front of a live, fan-based audience. The home footage featured the boys sending Dougie Poynter into "space" and testing out a variety of Don't-Try-These-At-Home type stunts, Later in that video Dougie is in a spaceship eating a floating on air malteaser.
Track listings.
UK CD1
UK CD2
UK DVD single

</doc>
<doc id="7000265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000265" title="United Front (FC Zenit Saint Petersburg)">
United Front (FC Zenit Saint Petersburg)



</doc>
<doc id="7000278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000278" title="Jacek Pastusiński">
Jacek Pastusiński

Jacek Pastusiński (born 8 September 1964 in Majdan Królewski, Podkarpackie) is a retired male triple jumper from Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="7000285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000285" title="Kevin O'Brien (football player)">
Kevin O'Brien (football player)



</doc>
<doc id="7000306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000306" title="Joe Johnson (American football player)">
Joe Johnson (American football player)



</doc>
<doc id="7000313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000313" title="Lukavica, Bardejov">
Lukavica, Bardejov



</doc>
<doc id="7000316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000316" title="Journal cited half-life">
Journal cited half-life



</doc>
<doc id="7000318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000318" title="Aggregate impact factor">
Aggregate impact factor



</doc>
<doc id="7000326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000326" title="Bara, Trebišov">
Bara, Trebišov



</doc>
<doc id="7000331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000331" title="Pachadi">
Pachadi



</doc>
<doc id="7000335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000335" title="Categorizing">
Categorizing



</doc>
<doc id="7000338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000338" title="John T. Struble">
John T. Struble

John T. Struble (November 5, 1828 – November 27, 1916) was a builder and farmer during the formative years of the state of Iowa. He was an older brother of two prominent Iowa politicians: Congressman Isaac S. Struble and Speaker of the Iowa House of Representatives George R. Struble.
Except for any financial assistance to his brothers' political campaigns, and his own stint in Johnson County as justice of the peace, Struble was far more the businessman than the politician. His primary contribution as a pioneer of Iowa was to the state's developing economy. Upon his death in 1916, the "Iowa City Daily Press" described John T. Struble as a "pioneer loved by all." "Helps build Iowa City," read one of the article's headings.
Ancestry.
John T. Struble's great-grandfather, Dietrich Struble (1714–1807), was the progenitor of the Struble family in America. After Dietrich and his wife Elizabeth emigrated from Albig bei Alzey, Germany they tarried for a time in the Netherlands until arranging a relationship of indentured servitude with William Allen (loyalist) of Allentown PA fame. Allen paid the family's passage on the ship, Edinburgh, which landed at Philadelphia in 1748. After working as a stonemason to pay off his indentured debt, Dietrich moved to German Valley, New Jersey (now Long Valley). There he purchased over time from Allen a farm where he and Elizabeth raised their large family. About 1777, however, in order to escape their predominantly loyalist neighbors and more safely support the American Revolution, the Strubles sold the farm and moved some north to Sussex County, NJ.
The Struble children numbered ten sons, of which nine lived to adulthood and married. From this patriarchate, most Strubles in the United States trace their lineage. One of Dietrich's boys, Daniel, served under General Washington at Morristown. Another, John (who is alleged by one biographer to have been born during the Atlantic voyage), begot Isaac Struble, and it was he, Isaac the Elder (1801–1891), who led his family on a migration in stages – to more than one location in Virginia (including the future state of West Virginia) beginning in 1839, thence to Knox County, Ohio in 1846, and in 1857 (though with John T. blazing the trail in 1852) to Johnson County, Iowa. Three of Isaac's twelve children (John T., George R. &amp; Isaac the Younger) were destined to play important roles in the early polity and economy of Iowa.
Early life and career.
Isaac the Elder's first wife, Sarah (Atkinson) Struble, gave birth to John T. in Sussex County, New Jersey, on November 5, 1828. She died when John T. was about the age of four, but after a period of a year or two Isaac remarried, and Emma Teasdale raised Sarah's four children and gave birth to eight more of her own. By March, 1852, John T. had left the family fold for Iowa City, to be joined there five years later by his parents and several of the children.
The Iowa City area - mostly the western part of Scott Township in Johnson County - remained John T.'s home from about the age of 24 until his death in his 89th year. Soon after arriving in Iowa City, John met Virginia Snyder, daughter of William B. Snyder, a prominent settler and architect who oversaw construction of the original state house when Iowa City was still the capitol. John and Jenny married on September 28, 1854.
John T. pursued two careers. At first he was a builder but after more than a decade in that profession he began the transition to full-time farmer. During his 20s and early 30s, his main line of work was as a building and bricklaying contractor. Among the various projects where he left his mark were St. Mary's Catholic and the Congregational Churches, both located in central Iowa City near the U of I campus and still in use as of Summer, 2007. Published obituaries and earlier sources report that Struble won the contract to build the 19th century court house of Johnson County (see photo); also that he built or helped build St. Agatha's Catholic seminary (1861), now refurbished as the Berkley apartment building, 130 Jefferson. "He also designed Iowa City's first hostelry, the old Truesdell hotel, long afterwards metamorphosed into the Thomas Brennan home."
Woodlawn Home.
In 1856 John T. purchased a landholding in Scott township, some three miles (5 km) east of Iowa City. The pedigreed horses he bred were for many years the highlight of his farming/ranching initiatives. The Strubles named the family homestead "Woodlawn Home," and John T. lived on that farm for the remaining 60 years of his life. John and Jenny had eight children, three girls and five boys including George M. Struble, father of Bob Struble. John T. was active in fraternal circles, and was one of the founders of the local Eureka Lodge, I.O.O.F.
John T. Struble was in relatively good health until his death less than 19 weeks before the U.S. entry into World War I. Despite a series of strokes over the previous eleven years, his obituary states that on the preceding Sunday, "Mr. Struble, who was ever a devout follower of the Lord, attended church in Iowa city, and his many friends who then met him at the Presbyterian church congratulated him upon the fine preservation of health and strength, despite his nearly 90 years." His passing followed a sudden heart attack at home, November 27, 1916. Jenny, his widow, Sarah Elize Virginia (Snyder) Struble, died 14 years later in her 95th year.
The "Iowa City Daily Citizen" described John T.'s funeral. "Funeral services for the late John T. Struble, who died Monday evening, were held this morning at 10 o'clock from the family home in Scott township, with Rev. Harry B. Boyd officiating. Interment was made in Oakland cemetery. The service was attended by many Iowa City people, including the members of Eureka lodge of the order of Odd Fellows, of which he was a charter member. The Odd Fellows were in charge of the ceremony at the grave."
The front page of the "Iowa City Daily Press" included the following tribute: "He was a man of many fine attributes. No citizen has been held in sincerer regard by the community; no father has been more loving; no husband more devoted in all the long years of his residence in this county. A great circle of friends will remember him."...
Sources.
"Early Germans of New Jersey", pp. 508–509; "History of Johnson County", p. 932; "Sudden Death Calls Pioneer Loved By All," "Iowa City Daily Press" (Iowa City IA, 11/28/1916), p. 1; "John T. Struble, Iowa City Pioneer, Died Last Evening," "Iowa City Daily Citizen", Iowa City, 11/28/1916; "A Fact a Day About Iowa City," a newspaper column which appeared from 1927-1946 in the "Iowa City Press Citizen," clipping dated 1935; research and correspondence conducted by two of John T.'s granddaughters, the late Lois (Struble) Lawson of Spokane WA and Virginia (Struble) Burlingame of Bozeman MT. In the above photo John was his early seventies. First two photos; also on site research assistance to Bob Struble, Jr., great-grandson of John T.; from the State Historical Society of Iowa, Iowa City Branch. Also helpful leads, advice and access to his private library courtesy of well-known Iowa City historian, Bob Hibbs.

</doc>
<doc id="7000339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000339" title="Biel, Trebišov">
Biel, Trebišov



</doc>
<doc id="7000348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000348" title="Lake Ilo National Wildlife Refuge">
Lake Ilo National Wildlife Refuge

Lake Ilo National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and is managed from Audubon National Wildlife Refuge by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The refuge consists of Lake Ilo, surrounding wetlands and some upland range, providing habitat for hundreds of species of birds, and numerous fish and mammal species. An average of over 16 inches (40 cm) of precipitation falls annually, supporting a prairie ecosystem.
Archeological work at Lake Ilo NWR in the 1990s resulted in creating one of the largest assemblages of Paleo Indian artifacts found on land managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. These artifacts help to educate modern peoples about those who lived in the region more 10,000 years ago, and enhances the refuge with a human culture story that was not anticipated when the region was set aside for wildlife protection.
History.
The refuge region has been inhabited by humans for 11,000 years, and 58,000 stone artifacts from the Folsom period have been recovered from the refuge since 1989. Many of the stone tools are made from what is known as Knife River Flint, a sturdy but relatively easily worked stone from which Paleo Indians fabricated spear points, meat cleavers and other implements. Western North Dakota has the only large concentrations of this glass-like caramel-colored stone, and similar stone tools made from these deposits have been found as far away as the states of New York and New Mexico.
The region in which Lake Ilo NWR is located was one of the last to be settled by white settlers on the Great Plains of the United States. By the 1930s, the era of the Dust Bowl brought drought and dust storms to an already arid region. Starting in 1936, local citizens were hired by the U.S. Government to build a dam at the confluence of two creeks, which would help create a more sustainable water supply for the immediate area since no sizeable bodies of water existed in this region of North Dakota. The dam was completed in 1938 and the following year, U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed a congressional bill designating the new lake and the surrounding area as a National Wildlife Refuge.
In the late 1980s, the dam on Lake Ilo was determined to be deficient in a number of ways and the lake was drained in 1989 a total of 7 feet (2 m). A new concrete dam was constructed and soil from the old dam was used to build two small islands to improve nesting habitat for waterfowl. After the lake water was partially drained, numerous Paleo Indian artifacts were discovered, including stone artifacts and even a Tipi ring. Subsequent archeological work resulted in obtaining over 58,000 artifacts by 1994. These artifacts help to reconstruct the lifestyle and culture of the earliest known human inhabitants to the region. Additionally, numerous bones of now extinct mammal species assist in determining the biodiversity of the region at the end of the ice age.
Ecosystem.
Habitat.
Lake Ilo NWR consists of grassland prairie and the Lake Ilo, which is a man-made lake. The prairie ecosystem of the region receives only 16.8 inches (42 cm) of precipitation annually so the lake provides nesting habitat and a sustainable water supply for hundreds of migratory waterfowl and other birds. In addition to the lake, over two dozen smaller wetlands are located in the refuge. The natural habitat of the region is Short grass prairie, which is similar to the steppe of Asia, but since it receives a little more moisture, it has more trees. Since the creation of the lake in the 1930s, Lake Ilo NWR now has a more expansive forested section, which increases nesting habitat for songbirds and smaller mammals.
Summers on the northern Great Plains of North Dakota are usually pleasant with temperatures in the 70s °F (25 °C), and nighttime lows usually dipping into the 50s (7 °C). The winters are windy and can be very cold, with temperatures as low as -56 °F (-49 °C) and an average of 2 blizzards occurring annually.
Biology.
A total of 226 species of birds have been observed at Lake Ilo NWR, including the endangered whooping crane, and the threatened bald eagle and piping plover. During fall migrations, as many as 100,000 waterfowl such as Canada geese, mallards, northern pintail, blue-winged teal, double-crested cormorant and great blue heron can be seen each year. While the vast majority of bird species are most abundant during the spring and fall migrations, some bird species can be found year-round.
Mammals such as the white-tailed deer, badger, skunk, beaver, raccoon are relatively common, while the pronghorn, mule deer and coyote are a few of the less likely to be observed of the 36 mammal species that have been recorded on the refuge. Lake Ilo NWR is also home to three species of amphibians and six species of reptiles including the tiger salamander, common snapping turtle, bull snake and the chorus frog. Northern pike, yellow perch and black crappie are examples of the 11 fish species that have been documented in the refuge.
Recreation.
Fishing is permitted on the lake almost year-round except for the month of April. Small motorized boats are permitted but must not operate above idle speed. Some wetland areas may be excluded from fishing during certain periods of the spring and fall to protect nesting birds. Wildlife viewing is available from a 1-mile (1.6 km) nature trail which is located on the north shore of Lake Ilo, as well as from gravel roads. Much of the wetland environment on the southwestern side of the lake is off-limits to people year round.
The refuge has several archeological displays and a reconstructed Tipi ring located at the entrance to the nature trail. At the location of the Lake Ilo dam, there is also a historical display discussing the history of the dam project on the 1930s and 1990s. Along the north shore of the lake, a boat ramp and picnic area are provided for visitors.
The refuge is located 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Dunn Center, North Dakota on Highway 200, and is only open during the daytime.
Management.
Lake Ilo NWR is a part of the Audubon National Wildlife Refuge Complex and is one of dozens of outlying National Wildlife Refuges which have their main headquarters at Audubon National Wildlife Refuge. A small staff maintains the refuge. Lake Ilo NWR is one of over 540 locations managed by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, an agency of the U.S. Department of the Interior. The primary focus of the refuge is protection of habitat for various plant and animal species.

</doc>
<doc id="7000350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000350" title="The Commission (album)">
The Commission (album)

The Commission is the second studio album by American rapper Lil' Keke from Houston, Texas. It was released on March 24, 1998, via Jam Down Records/Breakaway Entertainment. It contains 7 songs of his previous studio album, plus 7 new songs. The album peaked at number 176 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart.

</doc>
<doc id="7000351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000351" title="The Torrs">
The Torrs

The Torrs are a Local Nature Reserve and one of the four main hills in the North Devon coastal town of Ilfracombe.
The Park originally was designed in the 1880s for Victorian recreation.
The South West Coast Path passes through the Torrs.

</doc>
<doc id="7000352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000352" title="Raph Clarke">
Raph Clarke



</doc>
<doc id="7000361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000361" title="Once Upon a Honeymoon (1956 film)">
Once Upon a Honeymoon (1956 film)

Once Upon a Honeymoon is a 1956 American musical fantasy short film directed by Gower Champion and starring Virginia Gibson and Ward Ellis, The film was sponsored by Bell Telephone to promote its new telephones in colors to compliment modern home decor. The Western Electric Model 500 desk telephone and its wall version, the Model 554, are featured in a variety of colors.
"Once Upon a Honeymoon" was featured and mocked during a 1996 episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000", and the short has gained a cult following. Clips were also shown in "The Telephone" episode of "The Secret Life of Machines".
The film is in the public domain.
Plot.
A group of angels are having a conference in a cloud about newlyweds Jeff and Mary, who have been trying to take a honeymoon but are repeatedly forced to postpone because of Jeff's work commitments as a songwriter. The couple's guardian angel Wilbur is sent to Earth to help Jeff write a new song for an upcoming musical so that he and Mary can finally leave on their honeymoon.
While Jeff struggles to write a new song, Mary daydreams about a new home. With the help of Wilbur, Mary imagines having the latest household products, including telephones provided by Bell. Wilbur helps Jeff write a new song called "A Castle in the Sky," allowing the couple to finally leave on their much-anticipated honeymoon.

</doc>
<doc id="7000362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000362" title="List of communes of the Alpes-Maritimes département">
List of communes of the Alpes-Maritimes département



</doc>
<doc id="7000370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000370" title="Zou Zhenxian">
Zou Zhenxian

Zou Zhenxian (; born November 10, 1955) is a retired Chinese triple jumper, best known for finishing fourth at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
His personal best jump is 17.34 metres, achieved in September 1981 in Rome. This was the oldest Chinese record, until Li Yanxi broke it with a distance of 17.59 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="7000386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000386" title="The American Way (disambiguation)">
The American Way (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7000424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000424" title="List of Darkroom episodes">
List of Darkroom episodes



</doc>
<doc id="7000426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000426" title="Paul Manning (journalist)">
Paul Manning (journalist)

Paul Manning (died 1995) was an American broadcast journalist. He worked closely with Edward R. Murrow during World War II as a correspondent for CBS Radio, and with the Mutual Broadcasting System later on in the war.
Biography.
The Writing 69th.
Manning flew at least one mission with the Eighth Air Force on Oct. 9, 1943.
In February 1943, eight American civilian and military journalists participated in a training program with the United States Eighth Air Force. The goal of the program was to prepare the men for high altitude bombing runs over Germany. In a week-long training course over the skies of Bovingdon, England the men learned how to adjust to high altitude, identify enemy planes, and parachute. They were trained how to shoot weapons as well, despite the rule against non-combatant firing weapons in combat.
The men of The Writing 69th, originally known as the Flying Typewriters or the Legion of the Doomed, included: Walter Cronkite of United Press, Homer Bigart of the "New York Herald Tribune" Gladwin Hill of the Associated Press, Manning of CBS Radio, Robert Post of "The New York Times", Andy Rooney of the military paper "Stars and Stripes", Denton Scott of the military magazine "Yank", and William Wade of the International News Service.
Those men prepared to fly their first mission on Feb. 26, 1943. American B-17s and B-24s prepared to bomb a Focke-Wulf aircraft factory in Bremen, Germany. Overcast skies diverted the group to the submarine pens at Wilhelmshaven, a secondary target. Six of the eight reporters in the program flew that day. Manning did not fly but Bigart, Cronkite, Hill, Post, Rooney, and Wade did.
As the group neared Oldenburg, Germany the plane Post was in came under fire from German fighter planes. The plane exploded in mid-air, killing Post and eight others. Post's death disbanded the Writing 69th, though others, including Manning, did fly missions afterward.
Speechwriter.
After the war he worked as a speechwriter for Nelson Rockefeller.
Author.
Manning's "Martin Bormann — Nazi in Exile" was published in 1981. In 1986, his book, titled "Hirohito, The War Years", was released. It detailed the relationship between Emperor Hirohito and General Douglas MacArthur.
External links.
There are many recordings of Manning reporting for the Mutual Broadcasting System in the 

</doc>
<doc id="7000433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000433" title="Chris Mason (musician)">
Chris Mason (musician)

Chris Mason is an American Christian singer-songwriter. Raised in the outskirts of Atlanta, Mason attended Berry College in Rome, Georgia, majoring in Family Counseling until graduating in 2001.
After graduating he began his musical career, releasing his first album "Not So Gracefully" (2001). After touring for two years, he settled in Nashville, Tennessee and began work on his second release, "Crowded Spaces" (2003), which was produced with the help of Andrew Osenga and Cason Cooley, both former members of the band The Normals.
In 2006, he released an EP, "Songs One Through Six", again working with Osenga and Cooley. That year Mason also co-founded the Square Peg Alliance with 12 other independent Christian artists.

</doc>
<doc id="7000434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000434" title="SQL Anywhere Studio">
SQL Anywhere Studio



</doc>
<doc id="7000438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000438" title="Margi Shadwick">
Margi Shadwick



</doc>
<doc id="7000446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000446" title="Out-of-band management">
Out-of-band management

In systems management, out-of-band management (OOB) or lights-out management (LOM) is a process for accessing and managing devices and infrastructure at remote locations through a separate management plane from the production network. OOB allows a system administrator to monitor and manage servers and other network-attached equipment by remote control regardless of whether the machine is powered on or whether an OS is installed or functional. It is contrasted to "in-band management" which requires the managed systems to be powered on and available over their operating system's networking facilities.
OOB can use dedicated management interfaces, serial ports, or cellular 4G and 5G networks for connectivity.
Out-of-band management is now considered an essential network component to ensure business continuity and many manufacturers have it as a product offering.
Out-of-band versus in-band.
By contrast, "in-band management" through VNC or SSH is based on in-band connectivity (the usual network channel). It typically requires software that must be installed on the remote system being managed and only works after the operating system has been booted and networking is brought up. It does not allow management of remote network components independently of the current status of other network components. A classic example of this limitation is when a sysadmin attempts to reconfigure the network on a remote machine only to find themselves locked out and unable to fix the problem without physically going to the machine. Despite these limitations, in-band solutions are still common because they are simpler and much lower-cost.
Design.
A complete remote management system allows remote reboot, shutdown, powering on; hardware sensor monitoring (fan speed, power voltages, chassis intrusion, etc.); broadcasting of video output to remote terminals and receiving of input from remote keyboard and mouse (KVM over IP). It also can access local media like a DVD drive, or disk images, from the remote machine. If necessary, this allows one to perform remote installation of the operating system. Remote management can be used to adjust BIOS settings that may not be accessible after the operating system has already booted. Settings for hardware RAID or RAM timings can also be adjusted as the management card needs no hard drives or main memory to operate.
As management via serial port has traditionally been important on servers, a complete remote management system also allows interfacing with the server through a serial over LAN cable.
As sending monitor output through the network is bandwidth intensive, cards like AMI's MegaRAC use built-in video compression (versions of VNC are often used in implementing this).
Devices like Dell DRAC also have a slot for a memory card where an administrator may keep server-related information independently from the main hard drive.
The remote system can be accessed either through an SSH command-line interface, specialized client software, or through various web-browser-based solutions. Client software is usually optimized to manage multiple systems easily.
There are also various scaled-down versions, up to devices that only allow remote reboot by power cycling the server. This helps if the operating system hangs, but only needs a reboot to recover.
An older version of out-of-band management is a layout involving the availability of a separate network that allows network administrators to get command-line interface access over the console ports of network equipment, even when those devices are not forwarding any payload traffic.
If a location has several network devices, a terminal server can provide access to different console ports for direct CLI access. In case there is only one or just a few network devices, some of them provide AUX ports making it possible to connect a dial-in modem for direct CLI access. The mentioned terminal server can often be accessed via a separate network that does not use managed switches and routers for a connection to the central site, or it has a modem connected via dial-in access through POTS or ISDN.
Implementation.
Remote management can be enabled on many computers (not necessarily only servers) by adding a remote management card (while some cards only support a limited list of motherboards). Newer server motherboards often have built-in remote management and need no separate management card.
Internally, Ethernet-based out-of-band management can either use a dedicated separate Ethernet connection, or some kind of traffic multiplexing can be performed on the system's regular Ethernet connection. That way, a common Ethernet connection becomes shared between the computer's operating system and the integrated baseboard management controller (BMC), usually by configuring the network interface controller (NIC) to perform Remote Management Control Protocol (RMCP) ports filtering, use a separate MAC address, or to use a virtual LAN (VLAN). Thus, out-of-band nature of the management traffic is ensured in a shared-connection scenario, as the system configures the NIC to extract the management traffic from the incoming traffic flow on the hardware level, and to route it to the BMC before reaching the host and its operating system.
Both in-band and out-of-band management are usually done through a network connection, but an out-of-band management card can use a physically separated network connector if preferred. A remote management card usually has at least a partially independent power supply and can switch the main machine on and off through the network. Because a special device is required for each machine, out-of-band management can be much more expensive.
Serial consoles are an in-between case: they are technically OOB as they do not require the primary network to be functioning for remote administration. However, without special hardware, a serial console cannot configure the UEFI (or BIOS) settings, reinstall the operating system remotely, or fix problems that prevent the system from booting.

</doc>
<doc id="7000447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000447" title="Cistecephalus Assemblage Zone">
Cistecephalus Assemblage Zone

The "Cistecephalus" Assemblage Zone is a tetrapod assemblage zone or biozone found in the Adelaide Subgroup of the Beaufort Group, a majorly fossiliferous and geologically important geological group of the Karoo Supergroup in South Africa. This biozone has outcrops located in the Teekloof Formation north-west of Beaufort West in the Western Cape, in the upper Middleton and lower Balfour Formations respectively from Colesberg of the Northern Cape to east of Graaff-Reinet in the Eastern Cape. The "Cistecephalus" Assemblage Zone is one of eight biozones found in the Beaufort Group, and is considered to be Late Permian in age.
The name of the biozone refers to "Cistecephalus", a small, burrowing dicynodont therapsid. It is characterized by the presence of this species, known especially from the upper sections of this biozone, and the first appearance of the dicynodont "Aulacephalodon".
History.
The first fossils to be found in the Beaufort Group rocks that encompass the current eight biozones were discovered by Andrew Geddes Bain in 1856. However, it was not until 1892 that it was observed that the geological strata of the Beaufort Group could be differentiated based on their fossil taxa. The initial undertaking was done by Harry Govier Seeley who subdivided the Beaufort Group into three biozones, which he named (from oldest to youngest):
These proposed biozones Seeley named were subdivided further by Robert Broom between 1906 and 1909. Broom proposed the following biozones (from oldest to youngest):
These biozone divisions were approved by paleontologists of the time and were left largely unchanged for several decades. The "Cistecephalus" Assemblage Zone was first coined by Robert Broom in 1906, where Broom referred to the rock layers "Cistecephalus" fossils were found in as the "Kistecephalus beds". The biozone was originally assigned to a far more broader stratigraphic range between the uppermost occurrence of "Endothiodon" and the lowermost of "Lystrosaurus". Decades later, James Kitching revised the biostratigraphic ranges of the Beaufort Group. Kitching observed that "Cistecephalus" fossils were most abundant in a narrow band at the very top of the biozone. He named this area the ""Cistecephalus" acme zone" or ""Cistecephalus" Band". Later, researchers sought to redefine the biozone again as "Cistecephalus" fossils are extremely rare apart from the uppermost portion. It was suggested that, due to the biozone containing the first appearance of "Aulacephalodon" and its fossils being found throughout, the biozone should be renamed to the "Aulacephalodon" Assemblage Zone. The biozone was then, for a brief time, renamed the "Aulacephalodon-Cistecephalus" Assemblage Zone. However, due to the biozone first being named after "Cistecephalus", the initial nomenclature of the biozone later overruled its renaming on historical grounds.
Lithology.
The "Cistecephalus" Assemblage Zone is located in the lower portion of the Teekloof Formation west of 24°E, in the upper Middleton Formation and lower Balfour Formation east of 24°E. These formations all fall within the Adelaide Subgroup of the Beaufort Group, sediments of which were formed in a large retroarc foreland basin in southwestern Gondwana. The sedimentary rocks are mainly sandstone, mudrock layers containing mudstone, siltstone, and fine sandstone. The sandstones are thought to have been deposited in broad alluvial plains where low-sinuosity streams flowed, while the mudrock accumulated on the floodplains that flanked these streams.
The majority of the fossils in the biozone are found in these interchannel mudrock layers as animal remains that came to rest on the floodplains were quickly buried by alluvial sediments washed downstream. Articulated fossils are not commonly found. However, isolated skulls are fairly common and are usually found encased in calcareous nodules. Fossils not encased in nodules are often fragmented. In addition, Jurassic-aged dolerite sheet and dike intrusions into the Beaufort Group have affected the uniformity in colour and texture of the biozone rocks in areas. This includes the colour of the fossilized bones, which range from a smooth, white appearance to being nearly black depending on their proximity to the dolerite intrusions.
Paleontology.
The "Cistecephalus" biozone is well known for its diversity of fossil fauna, especially of therapsid species. It is arranged into lower and upper zones due to the appearance or frequency of certain fossils. The lower zones are characterized by the first appearance of the dicynodont species "Aulacephalodon" and "Oudenodon". Other species found are the Biarmosuchian therapsid "Herpetoskylax", Burnetiamorph species namely "Lemurosaurus", and numerous Gorgonopsian species such as "Lycaenops", "Rubidgea", and "Dinogorgon". In addition species of Dicynodonts such as "Endothiodon" and "Diictodon", Therocephalians, Pareiasaurs, and rare occurrences of parareptiles such as "Owenetta" and "Milleretta" have been found in the upper zones. The temnospondyl amphibian "Rhinesuchus", and some fish and plant species have also been found. A dicynodont track way is also known in an outcrop of the biozone east of Graaff-Reinet. "Cistecephalus" fossils are rare until the uppermost portion of the biozone where the ""Cistecephalus" Band" is located.
Correlations.
Correlations in biostratigraphy have been made with the "Cistecephalus" zone to geological formations outside of South Africa. An "Endothiodon" snout was discovered in the Rio do Rasto Formation in Brazil, and "Cistecephalus" fossils have been found in Madumabisa Mudstone in Zambia. Recently, a new cistecephalid dicynodont was discovered in the Kundaram Formation of the Pranhita-Godavari Valley in India. The zone also correlates with the Malokinelskaya and Vyazovskaya Formations of Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="7000450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000450" title="Tomato Head Records">
Tomato Head Records

Tomato Head Records was an independent record label started by Chuck Phelps after his split with the ska punk band Skankin' Pickle and Dill Records. The label most notably released the debut EP of Tsunami Bomb, "The Invasion from Within!" and the Luckie Strike EP, "Future is Turning". The label is now in indefinite hiatus.

</doc>
<doc id="7000452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000452" title="Krathum Baen district">
Krathum Baen district

Krathum Baen (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northern part of Samut Sakhon province, central Thailand and is located west of Bangkok.
History.
Krathum Baen is a part of Mueang Samut Sakhon district. It was created in 1900. In 1926 the government added Tambons Tha Mai, Bang Yang, Nong Kok Khai, and Om Noi of Sam Phran district, Nakhon Pathom province to the district.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise): Sam Phran of Nakhon Pathom province; Nong Khaem and Bang Bon of Bangkok; Mueang Samut Sakhon and Ban Phaeo of Samut Sakhon Province.
The important water resources are the Tha Chin river and Phasi Charoen canal.
Toponymy.
The name "Krathum Baen" meaning 'flat burflower-tree'.
Administration.
Provincial government.
The district is divided into 10 subdistricts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 89 villages ("mubans").
Local government.
As of December 2024 there are: six municipalities ("thesaban"), Om Noi has city status ("thesaban nakhon"), Krathum Baen and Khlong Maduea are town municipalities ("thesaban mueang") and Suan Luang, Khae Rai and Don Kai Di are subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon"), they all cover the subdistrict of the same name. The non-municipal areas are administered by four subdistrict administrative organizations - SAO ("ongkan borihan suan tambon" - o bo toh).
Healthcare.
Hospitals.
There are in the district: Krathum Baen Hospital with 300 beds, Mahachai 2 Hospital with 200 beds and Vichaivaj International Hospital Om Noi with 196 beds.
Health promoting hospitals.
There are total twelve health-promoting hospitals in the district, of which; one in every subdistrict, but Suan Luang, Khlong Maduea and Tha Sao each have two.
Religion.
There are fifteen Theravada Buddhist temples in the district.&lt;br&gt;
One in Krathum Baen, Suan Luang, Nong Nok Khai and Tha Sao, two in Om Noi, Tha Mai, Khlong Maduea and Khae Rai, three in Bang Yang.
Transportation.
The district is the intersection of highway 4 eastbound (Bangkok route), south/west bound (southern Thailand).&lt;br&gt;
The area is served by some fifteen bus lines.

</doc>
<doc id="7000458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000458" title="List of Fantastic Voyage episodes">
List of Fantastic Voyage episodes



</doc>
<doc id="7000460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000460" title="Fred Miller (American football player)">
Fred Miller (American football player)



</doc>
<doc id="7000465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000465" title="Victorian College of Arts">
Victorian College of Arts



</doc>
<doc id="7000471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000471" title="Étienne Mattler">
Étienne Mattler

Étienne Mattler (25 December 1905 – 23 March 1986) was a French international footballer, nicknamed "Le Lion de Belfort", who played as a defender.
Career.
Mattler, born in Belfort, played for the clubs US Belfort (1921–1927), AS Troyes (1927–1929), and FC Sochaux (1929–1946) where he won two Ligue 1 titles, in 1935 and 1938, and one Coupe de France, in 1937.
For the national team, he won 46 caps and participated in the 1930, 1934 and 1938 World Cups, being one of five players to have appeared in all three of the pre-war World Cups. He died in 1986, at the age of 80.

</doc>
<doc id="7000477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000477" title="Early theatres in Naples">
Early theatres in Naples

Theatres for diverse musical and dramatic presentations began to open in Naples, Italy, in the mid-16th century as part of the general Spanish cultural and political expansion into the kingdom of Naples, which had just become a vicerealm of Spain. None of the early theaters still function as such, having been replaced by later facilities from the mid-18th century onwards. Neapolitan theatres first built in the 16th and 17th centuries include:
Teatro della Commedia Vecchia.
Built around 1550, the Commedia Vecchia was the first public theatre in Naples. It was the professional home to acting troupes from Spain "playing the provinces," and it provided a stage for the improvised antics of the masked and costumed figures in the then innovative Italian commedia dell'arte. In its heyday, the theatre was so successful that the government put a tax on their proceeds to finance the Casa dei Incurabili, a home for people with incurable diseases. The theatre was acquired in 1587 by a consortium of merchants and seamen from Genoa. It was torn down in the early 17th century and replaced by the church San Giorgio dei Genovesi, built to serve the considerable Genovese population in Naples at the time. For many years, however, the church was called "San Giorgo alla Commedia Vecchia", thus recalling its origins.
Teatro dei Fiorentini.
Built in the first decade of the 17th century, the Teatro dei Fiorentini was meant to replace the defunct Commedia theatre. It took the name from the nearby church of San Giovanni dei Fiorentini. It seated approximately 250 people. In the 18th century the theatre specialised in the opera buffa genre. Antonio Orefice's "Patrò Calienno de la Costa" which premiered there in 1709 was the first opera buffa in Neapolitan dialect to be performed on a public stage. From 1724, the theatre's main competitor in the "opera buffa" genre was the much larger Teatro Nuovo. Nevertheless, the Fiorentini survived as a theater into the early 20th century, although it became increasingly a venue for comic plays rather than operas. An establishment calling itself the "Fiorentini" exists today on the same site but has not functioned as a theatre for many years. It is now a bingo hall.
Teatro San Bartolomeo.
The Teatro San Bartolomeo was the predecessor of what is now the main opera house of Naples, the Teatro di San Carlo. Built in 1620, the Bartolomeo was originally devoted to prose theatre but by 1650, it was primarily an opera house and the site of the performances of the first real opera in Naples—that is, works by Monteverdi and others from the north, which had begun to filter down to the south. It had been very badly damaged during the insurrection of 1647-48 but was soon rebuilt at great expense. It burnt down in 1681, but was reopened two years later. In 1724 the opera seria "Didone abbandonata" with the intermezzo "L'impresario delle Isole Canarie" by Metastasio and the composer Domenico Sarro was performed there. The theatre was closed definitively in 1737 when the newly built Teatro San Carlo replaced it as the royal opera house. It was then largely demolished to build the Chiesa di Santa Maria delle Grazie (also known as "Graziella al Porto Napoli"). However, remnants of the old theatre's boxes are still visible in the church.

</doc>
<doc id="7000479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000479" title="Khronos (Maktub album)">
Khronos (Maktub album)

Khronos is the second album released by Maktub. It was recorded and mixed in only two weeks with producer Steve Fisk. Originally released on Ossia Records, after a year of good initial sales, New York City label Velour signed Maktub and the album was re-released on April 8, 2003 minus one track (track 10: "Motherfucker").

</doc>
<doc id="7000480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000480" title="Etienne Mattler">
Etienne Mattler



</doc>
<doc id="7000485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000485" title="Chuck Phelps (drummer)">
Chuck Phelps (drummer)



</doc>
<doc id="7000486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000486" title="Australia's Brainiest...">
Australia's Brainiest...



</doc>
<doc id="7000488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000488" title="Beer bonging">
Beer bonging



</doc>
<doc id="7000490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000490" title="Conair (disambiguation)">
Conair (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7000494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000494" title="UGG (brand)">
UGG (brand)

UGG is an American fashion company primarily known for its sheepskin boots, founded in 1978 by Brian Smith in California. UGG also sells apparel, accessories, and home textiles.
History.
UGG was founded in California in 1978 by Australian surfer Brian Smith and Doug Jensen. Smith was living in Santa Monica, California, after studying at UCLA's Anderson School of Management. Smith and Jensen first applied to be the United States distributors for the Western Australian sheepskin boot manufacturer Country Leather. Unhappy with the brand, Smith trademarked UGG. Later, family friends invested $20,000 in the venture and the group set up UGG Imports. In their first season in business, UGG Imports sold 28 pairs of boots. Due to other business commitments, in 1979 Jensen handed over his share of the company to Smith. Sales steadily grew and Smith set up UGG Holdings Inc. and in 1985 registered a US trademark on a rams head logo with the words "Original UGG Boot UGG Australia". By 1994, 80 percent of UGG's sales were in southern Orange County, but the company gained international attention after the boots were worn by the U.S. Olympic team in Lillehammer for the 1994 Winter Olympics.
In 1995, Deckers Brands acquired Smith's business for $14.6 million and continued to expand it. During the late 1990s, UGG began experiencing double-digit sales growth as Deckers developed the company into an international brand. In 2003, UGG boots were included on Oprah Winfrey's show as part of "Oprah's Favorite Things." Afterwards, the brand received an unprecedented surge in sales. In 2006, UGG opened its first brick and mortar store in New York's SoHo neighborhood. The company opened its first international store in Japan later that same year.
UGG partnered with designer shoe brand Jimmy Choo in 2009 to launch a capsule collection combining the brands' styles. The following year, UGG debuted a collection of boots designed in collaboration with Swarovski. The company launched its first men's advertising campaign in 2011 featuring New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady in 2011. The first UGG for Men stand-alone store opened in New York in 2012. UGG reported over $1 billion (U.S) in sales for 2012. UGG products are manufactured in a number of countries, primarily China. Deckers uses two Chinese tanneries to supply the sheepskin. The tanneries in turn source the raw skins from Australia and the United Kingdom.
Its collection of home goods launched in 2013 and included products such as rugs, blankets, pillows and other home pieces. In June 2015, UGG has announced a collaboration with Pixar. The company launched a capsule collection reflecting Pixar's film "Inside Out", and have produced Disney-themed boots featuring Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse and Tinker Bell.
In 2016, Deckers rebranded to "UGG", instead of "UGG Australia", in response to an investigation by the Australian Competition &amp; Consumer Commission because of a complaint that the reference to "Australia", in its branding of sheepskin boots manufactured in China and Vietnam, was misleading and deceptive, and therefore in breach of Australia's consumer protection and fair competition laws. Deckers now refers to the UGG brand as "Californian" rather than "Australian".
In 2020, UGG debuted seasonal ready-to-wear apparel. UGG hired a new senior design team to lead its ready-to-wear collection. The collections are mostly athleisure, with a focus on faux fur, fleece and sherpa. The collection features men's, women's, and unisex designs.
In popular culture.
UGG-branded sheepskin boots have been a style staple since they first appeared on Oprah Winfrey's show in her second edition of "Oprah's Favorite Things" on November 24, 2003, in which she purchased over 350 shoes for her staff and audience. The boots gained a large celebrity following and were frequently seen on notable people such as Kate Upton, Blake Lively, Kate Hudson, Cameron Diaz, Jennifer Lopez, Leonardo DiCaprio, The Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood, and Sarah Jessica Parker as Carrie Bradshaw on "Sex and the City". This exposure led to immense growth in the UGG's popularity and recognizability.
In 2013, various "Vogue" editors wrote about wearing an owning UGG-branded sheepskin boots and fashion figures Alexa Chung and André Leon Talley gave testimonials about their UGG-branded sheepskin boots.
In 2025, UGG collaborated with Italian boutique Nugnes on the 'PeakMod' crochet workshop in Trani, Italy, highlighting sustainable textile practices."
Trademark disputes.
In 1971, Shane Steadman registered the trademark "UGH-BOOT" on the Australian Trade Mark Registry, and obtained an Australian registration for "UGH" in 1982. These registrations remained valid in Australia until they got removed for non-use in 2006. Steadman sold his UGH brand boots widely in Australia throughout the 1970s and 1980s. This registration was subsequently sold to Ugg Holdings Inc. in early 1995. In August 1995, Deckers Brands purchased Ugg Holdings, and in 1999 registered Ugg Holdings trademarks, including the UGG AUSTRALIA label (with sun-like device), in Australia. Attempts by Deckers to stop other traders from using the "UGG" mark in Australia were challenged, ultimately leading to 2006 decisions by IP Australia to remove company's "UGH" and "UGH-BOOTS" trademarks due to non-use, finding that they had not been used during a three-year period ending one month before a removal application was submitted. The Australian trademark that contains "UGG Australia" in stylised text was maintained. But there are many other similar trade marks in Australia that contain the words "UGG Australia" along with other graphical elements. In 2016, the Australian Competition &amp; Consumer Commission investigated Deckers because of a complaint that the reference to "Australia" in its branding was misleading and deceptive, and therefore in breach of Australia's consumer protection and fair competition laws. In response, Deckers rebranded to "UGG", instead of "UGG Australia". Deckers now refers to the UGG brand as "Californian" rather than "Australian".
Deckers continues to hold registrations for the UGG trademark in the United States, China and over 130 other countries. The validity of the UGG trademark outside of Australia has also been challenged, but courts have consistently upheld its validity. In 2004, Deckers filed a case against Koolaburra in the California federal court asserting that their use of "Ug" was trademark infringement. Koolaburra argued that the UGG trademark was invalid as being generic and obtained by fraud. In February 2005, the court ruled for Deckers stating that survey evidence clearly demonstrates that the UGG mark is not generic. There was no evidence that Smith acted with an intent to defraud the Trademark Office, and consumers would likely be confused with the similarity in "appearance, sight and sound" between "Ug" and "UGG" as the parties were marketing in direct competition with identical products. However, the court declined to rule on the validity of Deckers' Australian trademark registrations in the context of the US case.
Other UGG trademark disputes have occurred with companies including Luda Production Pty and Emu Australia, as well as local manufacturers in countries such as Turkey and China.
In August 2016, Australian senator Nick Xenophon called for international protection of the Australian footwear term "ugg".
Trademark enforcement against other manufacturers.
Deckers actively enforces its trademark rights in those countries in which it has succeeded in obtaining trade mark rights to "UGG". According to Deckers' brand-protection unit, in 2009 it took down 2,500 "fake" websites, 20,000 eBay listings and 150,000 other online auction listings with 60,000 pairs of "counterfeit" UGG footwear confiscated by customs agents.
Law enforcement officials in the UK, the US and China have reported seizures of counterfeit UGG brand boots. In 2009, US customs agents confiscated 60,000 pairs of boots falsely marked with the "UGG" trade mark, and the company took action against 2500 websites that were selling fraudulent products, as well as some 170,000 listings on eBay, Craigslist and similar sites.
The National Arbitration Forum, which has been appointed by ICANN to resolve most Internet domain name disputes, has used Deckers Brands ownership of the UGG trademark in the United States as part of several decisions to direct Internet domains containing UGG to be transferred to Deckers.
Animal welfare.
Since UGG-branded sheepskin boots are one of many clothing products made from animal skin, the production of UGG-branded sheepskin boots has been the subject of criticism by the animal liberation movement. In the decade beginning in 2000, the animal rights organization PETA called for the boycott of UGG-branded boots and their replacement with alternatives not made from animal skin.
In 2007, Pamela Anderson, realizing that UGG-branded boots were made of sheepskin, wrote on her website that she does not support the brand any longer. In February 2008, the Princeton Animal Welfare Society staged a campus protest against the fur industry, particularly attacking the sheepskin industry. "Students lay in the newly fallen snow on the Frist Campus Center's North Front Lawn on Friday afternoon, feigning death, wearing coats covered with fake blood and sporting signs that read, 'What if you were killed for your coat?' "
UGG makes its footwear within its factories located in Vietnam and China. The sheepskin is primarily sourced from two tanneries in China, and the tanneries in turn source the raw skins from Australia and the United Kingdom.
In 2022, Deckers Outdoor Corporation announced that it would phase alpaca wool out of its brands by the fall of 2023.
In 2024, UGG announced their first vegan boots in a collaboration with designer Collina Strada. The footwear materials are made using sugarcane, Tencel and recycled polyester microfiber.

</doc>
<doc id="7000501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000501" title="Brad Johnson (American football player)">
Brad Johnson (American football player)



</doc>
<doc id="7000505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000505" title="Ahmed Abou Moslem">
Ahmed Abou Moslem

Ahmed Abou Moslem Farag ( ; born 25 July 1981 in Cairo) is an Egyptian former footballer who played as a left back.
Club career.
Early career.
Ahmed Abou Moslem started his career at Dina Farms in Egypt. He was selected to represent the Egypt national under-20 football team in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship. He helped Egypt win the bronze medal. Due to his success, he joined El Ahly where he spent four years.
France move.
Abou Moslem joined the French side Strasbourg in 2005. In January 2009, Abou Moslem Joined French side AC Ajaccio for a six months loan deal.
European offers.
Abou was close to signing with several European clubs during his time in France. Strasbourg rejected offers from Crystal Palace, PAOK, and Hamburg SV.
Return to Egypt.
In July 2009, Abou Moslem returned to Egypt. He joined Egyptian Premier League side Ismaily with a three years Contract. However, Abo Moslem failed to establish himself in the first team. Therefore, he terminated his contract with mutual consent after spending only one season at the club. On 1 July 2010, it was announced that Abou Moslem joined El-Entag El-Harby (a.k.a. "Military Production"). He penned a 3-year contract with the club.
International career.
He was selected to represent the Egypt national under-20 football team in the 2001 FIFA World Youth Championship. Egypt reached the semifinals and won the bronze medal and also came 3rd in the U-20 African Nations Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="7000511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000511" title="List of universities in Palestine">
List of universities in Palestine



</doc>
<doc id="7000514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000514" title="Early Theaters in Naples">
Early Theaters in Naples



</doc>
<doc id="7000515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000515" title="Cameo Murders">
Cameo Murders



</doc>
<doc id="7000518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000518" title="List of radio stations in Venezuela">
List of radio stations in Venezuela

This list of radio stations in Venezuela can be sorted by their name, modulation, frequencies, city, or website.

</doc>
<doc id="7000519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000519" title="Abd Rabo Hosni">
Abd Rabo Hosni



</doc>
<doc id="7000522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000522" title="Stroumboulopoulos">
Stroumboulopoulos



</doc>
<doc id="7000538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000538" title="Route 77">
Route 77



</doc>
<doc id="7000543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000543" title="The Last Dragon (2004 film)">
The Last Dragon (2004 film)

 
The Last Dragon, known as Dragons: A Fantasy Made Real in the United States, and also known as Dragon's World in other countries, is a 2004 British docufiction made by Darlow Smithson Productions for Channel Four and broadcast on both Channel Four and Animal Planet.
It posits a speculative evolution of dragons from the Cretaceous period up to the 15th century, and suppositions about what dragon life and behaviour might have been like if they had existed and evolved. It uses the premise that the ubiquity of dragons in world mythology suggests that dragons could have existed. They are depicted as a scientifically feasible species of reptile that could have evolved, somewhat similar to the depiction of dragons in the "Dragonology" series of books. The dragons featured in the show were designed by John Sibbick.
The programme switches between two stories. The first uses CGI to show the dragons in their natural habitat throughout history. The second shows the story of a modern-day scientist at a museum, Dr. Jack Tanner, who believes in dragons. When the frozen remains of an unknown creature are discovered in the Carpathian Mountains, Tanner and two colleagues from the museum undertake the task of examining the specimen to try to save his reputation. Once there, they discover that the creature is a dragon. Tanner and his colleagues set about working out how it lived and died.
Plot summary.
The docufiction features two interwoven stories. Jack Tanner, an American paleontologist working for the Natural History Museum in London, suggests the theory that a carbonised "Tyrannosaurus rex" skeleton on display was killed by a prehistoric dragon, causing him to believe that the legends were more than myth. This ruins Tanner's reputation. As viewed in a flashback, Tanner's theory is proven true, as said "Tyrannosaurus" battles a female dragon in the Cretaceous but is mortally wounded. The female, with two legs and two wings, dies from her wounds, forcing her son to survive on his own, escaping an aggressive male dragon by learning how to fly for the first time. This is aided by bacteria that can produce hydrogen, aiding buoyancy. A later vignette shows the dragon, now an adult, trying to mate, and successfully challenging a dominant male in a sky duel.
The museum is contacted by Romanians, who discovered the corpse of a dragon in the Carpathian Mountains, along with many carbonised human bodies from the 15th century. Tanner and two colleagues are sent to examine the bodies, which have been moved to a warehouse. The scientists are baffled by the corpse, discovering that despite being , it was capable of both flight and breathing fire by storing bacteria and hydrogen inside its body, like the prehistoric dragon.
The prehistoric dragon was a victim of the K-T Event, but he had a cousin, the marine dragon, which was protected by living in the ocean. It eventually evolved into other species, such as the Chinese forest dragon, able to glide with her smaller wings and capable of camouflaging herself in the dappled forest light. The forest dragon hunts the wild boar and the South China tiger, but the arrival of humans in the forest challenges her survival. Another descendant is the mountain dragon, which has four legs and fully-functional wings, and inhabits the Carpathian and Atlas mountains.
By analyzing the dead dragon's reproductive system, Tanner concludes the corpse is actually that of a baby, having been killed by the humans. The scientists travel back to the mountains to explore the caves where the corpses were found. A flashback shows that in 1475, a lone female dragon is living on the verge of extinction within the Carpathian Mountains, looking for a mate. A male arrives from the Atlas Mountains and they perform an airborne courtship ritual. They grasp each other's talons and free-fall from the sky at high speed. Just before touchdown they break free and fly off together, breathing fire and leaving scorch marks on rocks below. While scouring the cave system, Tanner discovers a preserved dragon egg. It is surmised that the male dragon guards the nest, made from a cluster of rocks and the eggs are kept warm for preservation. However, the male is negligent, letting one of the eggs die, and is chased away by the female.
Some time later, the female dragon has had a lone daughter, hunting sheep from the local shepherds, leading to dragon slayers being hired to kill any dragons that get too close to the livestock. The lord and his squire attack, slaying the young female but are in turn killed by the mother. Tanner discovers more human corpses and then that of the mother dragon, twice the size of the baby. In a final flashback, a larger group of dragon slayers approach the cave, leading to the deaths of all involved. Tanner and his team take the dragons to the museum, reuniting mother and daughter. A year later, Tanner receives information of another discovery and sets off to investigate.
Reception.
"The Scotsman" opined that "The Last Dragon"'s computer graphics made it "awesome", but ultimately the show gave the feeling of conveying the message "Do not believe this slice of old hokum" to the viewer. According to "The New York Times" "it's easy to forget that [the film] isn't a serious documentary" after the fiction disclaimer at the beginning, judging the computer graphics to be well made, sometimes beautiful, but not impressive "to the point of wonder".

</doc>
<doc id="7000545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000545" title="Route 78">
Route 78



</doc>
<doc id="7000547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000547" title="Daptocephalus Assemblage Zone">
Daptocephalus Assemblage Zone

The "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone is a tetrapod assemblage zone or biozone found in the Adelaide Subgroup of the Beaufort Group, a majorly fossiliferous and geologically important Group of the Karoo Supergroup in South Africa. This biozone has outcrops located in the upper Teekloof Formation west of 24°E, the majority of the Balfour Formation east of 24°E, and the Normandien Formation in the north. It has numerous localities which are spread out from Colesberg in the Northern Cape, Graaff-Reniet to Mthatha in the Eastern Cape, and from Bloemfontein to Harrismith in the Free State. The "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone is one of eight biozones found in the Beaufort Group and is considered Late Permian (Lopingian) in age. Its contact with the overlying "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone marks the Permian-Triassic boundary.
Previously known as the "Dicynodon" Assemblage Zone, the name of the biozone refers to "Daptocephalus", a medium-sized dicynodont therapsid. It is characterized by the presence of this species in co-occurrence with "Theriognathus microps", and "Dicynodon lacerticeps."
History.
The first fossils to be found in the Beaufort Group rocks that encompass the current eight biozones were discovered by Andrew Geddes Bain in 1856. However, it was not until 1892 that it was observed that the geological strata of the Beaufort Group could be differentiated based on their fossil taxa. The initial undertaking was done by Harry Govier Seeley who subdivided the Beaufort Group into three biozones, which he named (from oldest to youngest):
These proposed biozones Seeley named were subdivided further by Robert Broom between 1906 and 1909. Broom proposed the following biozones (from oldest to youngest):
These biozone divisions were approved by paleontologists of the time and were left largely unchanged for several decades. The "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone was first named after the dicynodont "Daptocephlaus leoniceps" by James Kitching due to the high prevalence, and localized appearance, of this species. However, the name of the biozone was changed to the "Dicynodon" Assemblage Zone as it was argued that "Daptocephalus" was in fact a juvenile of "Dicynodon". In addition it was thought that "Dicynodon" was a more suitable taxon for global biostratigraphic correlation of other Karoo-aged basins, namely to those in Zambia, Tanzania, China, and Russia. In recent years, with new paleontological finds and updated logging of geological formations and biostratigraphy of the Karoo Basin, it was found that there has been some taxonomic confusion with "Dicynodon" fossils. In addition, recent taxonomic studies have shown that "Daptocephalus" is indeed its own species, and is only found within the confines of the biozone. Subsequently it was renamed the "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone.
Lithology.
The "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone is located only in the upper Balfour formation and lower Normandien formation east of 24°E. These formations all fall within the Adelaide Subgroup of the Beaufort Group, sediments of which were formed in a large retroarc foreland basin in south-western Gondwana. The biozone is subdivided into the lower "Daptocephalus-Theriognathus" subzone and the upper "Lystrosaurus-Moschorhinus" subzone. This satisfies the appearance of "Lystrosaurus maccaigi" below the "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone boundary, and the disappearance of the lower subzone taxa "Theriognathus", "Dicynodon", and "Procynosuchus delaharpeae".
At the time of sedimentary deposition, the Karoo retroarc foreland system was in an overfilled phase, and purely terrestrial sediments occupied the Karoo Basin at this time. Two fining-upward sequences are observed in the sedimentary stratigraphy of "Daptocephalus" biozone, bounded by a second-order subaerial unconformity. These sedimentary rocks comprise greenish-grey mudrock with siltstone lenses in the lower to middle sections of the biozone, which are indicative of a low-energy fluvial environments with meandering rivers. It is in these rocks that fossils are most commonly found. As the biozone reaches its termination, its contact with the overlying Katberg Formation marks a sharp change in the lithology. The sedimentary rocks change to being sandstone-rich with these sandstone bodies commonly appearing within outcrops of brownish-red shale and reddish mudstone. The appearance and proliferation of these sandstone deposits marks the change to braided river systems where sands were only deposited with the finer sediments being washed further downstream.
Fossil abundance and preservation quality does not change across the boundary, however, species abundance does due to the extinction event, and also the preservational style of the fossils. More isolated skulls are found in the Permian, whereas in the earliest Triassic, curled up complete skeletons are more common as are bonebeds. These lithological and taphonomic changes are used as evidence for the sudden drying of the climate associated with the Permian-Triassic extinction event.
Paleontology.
The lower to middle zones of the "Daptocephlaus" Assemblage Zone display a great diversity of vertebrate fauna. These include its current type species "Daptocephalus" and other dicynodonts such as the ubiquitous "Diictodon", "Dinanomodon", and "Pristerodon". Various species of burnetiamorph Biarmosuchians and Rubidgenae Gorgonopsians are also found. Therocephalian species such as "Moschorhinus kitchingi" and the earliest cynodont "Charassognathus gracilis" also appear. Parareptile species, namely captorhinids, the Younginiforme "Youngina", and a variety of temnospondyl amphibians, fishes, and plant fossils such as "Glossopteris" are likewise found. The upper zones as the Permian-Triassic boundary approaches, there is a marked drop in species diversity as the Permian-Triassic extinction event began to take its course.
Age and correlations.
The "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone dates to approximately 254.5 to 251 Ma, and correlates with the Kutuluksaya and Kulchomovskaya Formations of Russia, and with the lower Buena Vista Formation of the Paraná Basin, South America.

</doc>
<doc id="7000548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000548" title="Ban Phaeo district">
Ban Phaeo district

Ban Phaeo (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northwestern part of Samut Sakhon province, central Thailand and is located 14 km west of Bangkok.
History.
In 1925 the government split subdistrict (tambon) Rong Khe, Lak Sam from Ban Bo District and merged it with subdistrict Ban Phaeo to form the Ban Phaeo district. The new district was assigned to Samut Sakhon province.&lt;br&gt;
On 25 May 1999 the sanitary district of four subdistricts (Yokkrabat, Rong Khe, Nong Song Hong and Nong Bua) was established as Lak Ha subdistrict municipality ("thesaban tambon") with an area of 78,481 rai ~ , the largest municipality in the province. 
In early November 2020, an almost perfectly preserved skeleton of a Bryde's whale was discovered in Amphaeng subdistrict in Ban Phaeo district. Carbon dating by a paleobiological lab in the United States dated the skeleton to be about 3,380 years old, when the district was submerged under the sea. The National University of Singapore said that the skeleton added to evidence of significant sea level changes around 6,000 to 3,000 years ago in the Bay of Bangkok.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise): Sam Phran of Nakhon Pathom province; Krathum Baen and Mueang Samut Sakhon of Samut Sakhon Province; Mueang Samut Songkhram of Samut Songkhram province; Damnoen Saduak and Bang Phae of Ratchaburi province.
The district is located in the plain area along the banks of Damnoen Saduak canal, which connects Tha Chin River and Mae Klong River. Ban Phaeo can be considered as "green zone of Samut Sakhon", because there are no factories in the area.
Toponymy.
In the past the district was covered with deep forest. Hunters who traveled to hunt wild animals there always lost their way, so they agreed to make meeting points by using "phaeo" flags. When people established a new village, they named their village "Ban Phaeo".
Administration.
Provincial government.
The district is divided into 12 subdistricts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 98 villages ("mubans").
Local government.
As of December 2024 there are: three subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambon"). Lak Ha subdistrict municipality cover the four subdistricts: Yokkrabat, Rong Khe, Nong Song Hong and Nong Bua. Kaset Phatthana covers the whole subdistrict of the same name and part of Khlong Tan. Ban Phaeo subdistrict municipality covers parts of Lak Sam and Ban Phaeo subdistricts. The non-municipal areas are administered by seven subdistrict administrative organizations - SAO ("ongkan borihan suan tambon" - o bo toh).
Economy.
Ban Phaeo is a district that is well known as the area where young aromatic coconut trees are grown widely. In addition, Ban Phaeo is also the largest breeding place for snakeskin gourami fish in the country.
Healthcare.
Hospital.
Ban Phaeo district is served by Ban Phaeo General Hospital, the only hospital public organisation in Thailand with 323 beds.
Health promoting hospitals.
There are total nineteen health-promoting hospitals in the district, of which; one in Chet Riw, Khlong Tan and Suan Som, but Lak Sam, Yokkrabat, Rong Khe, Nong Song Hong, Nong Bua, Lak Song, Amphaeng and Kaset Phatthana each have two.
Religion.
There are thirteen-one Theravada Buddhist temples in the district.&lt;br&gt;
One in Khlong Tan and Kaset Phatthana, two in Ban Phaeo, Yokkrabat, Nong Song Hong, Lak Song and Chet Riw, three in Amphaeng and Suan Som, four in Lak Sam and Nong Bua, five in Rong Khe.

</doc>
<doc id="7000551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000551" title="Stobhill Hospital">
Stobhill Hospital

Stobhill Hospital is located in Springburn in the north of Glasgow, Scotland. It serves the population of North Glasgow and part of East Dunbartonshire. It is managed by NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde.
History.
Early history.
Stobhill was originally a Poor Law hospital, commissioned by the Glasgow Parish Council. The design competition, which was judged by John James Burnet, was won by Glasgow architects, Thomson &amp; Sandilands. The foundation stone was laid in September 1901 by Lord Balfour of Burleigh, the then Secretary of State for Scotland, and Stobhill Hospital was formally opened on 15 September 1904, the same day as the Western District Hospital at Oakbank in Maryhill and the Eastern District Hospital at Duke Street. The original buildings are now graded as category B listed buildings.
It was built with 1,867 beds organised in eighteen two-storey red brick Nightingale ward blocks on a sprawling, campus on the edge of Springburn Park. The Hamiltonhill Branch of the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway, which ran past the northern boundary of the hospital grounds, facilitated the transport of coal and supplies to the hospital. The cost of the building was £250,000. It featured a large clocktower at the centre of the site, which has become a dominant landmark in the north of the city. The motto of the new hospital was "Health is Wealth".
During the First World War, the building was requisitioned by the War Office to create the 3rd and 4th Scottish General Hospitals, facilities for the Royal Army Medical Corps to treat military casualties. Wounded servicemen arrived by specially converted hospital trains that terminated at a temporary railway platform built within the hospital grounds. A staff of 240 Territorial Force nurses as well as volunteers from the St. Andrew's Ambulance Association cared for over 1,000 patients at a time, suffering from battlefield wounds to venereal disease, until the return of the hospital to civilian use in early 1920.
In 1928 a new radiology department was opened and Stobhill became a general hospital in 1929. In 1930 Stobhill came under the control of the Glasgow Corporation and changed from being a Poor Law Hospital to become a Municipal Hospital due to the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1929. In 1931 a new maternity unit opened. In 1935, on the death of Sir Hugh Reid of the North British Locomotive Company in Springburn, he bequeathed the family's mansion at Balgrayhill, Belmont House, to the hospital in memory of his wife, and it was converted to become the Marion Reid Home for the care of babies and very young children in 1936. Stobhill became a teaching hospital in 1937 with the arrival of Noah Morris, Professor of Materia Medica at the University of Glasgow Medical School.
National Health Service.
In 1948 it was transferred to the National Health Service, under the Board of Management for Glasgow Northern Hospitals, and designated one of the five major central hospitals of the new Western Regional Hospital Board. Extensions followed, including a geriatric unit, which opened in 1953, the first hospital in Scotland to be fitted with a piped oxygen system in 1957, a pharmacy in 1961, a premature baby ward in 1962, the Edward Unit for Mothers and Babies in 1963, a staff library in 1964, the Clinical Teaching Centre and the Group Training School in 1967 and a modern Pathology Department in 1968. A new operating theatre and postgraduate medical teaching complex opened in 1970.
With the reorganisation of the National Health Service in 1974, Stobhill became the responsibility of the Northern District of the Greater Glasgow Health Board. A 52-bed Marie Curie Cancer Care hospice was opened adjacent to the hospital in 1976. The maternity unit was closed in 1992, leaving Stobhill as a general and geriatric medicine hospital.
Redevelopment.
The Greater Glasgow's Acute Services Review, published by NHS Greater Glasgow in 2002, recommended replacing the existing Stobhill Hospital building and its 440-bed general medical and surgical inpatient facilities with an outpatient Ambulatory Care and Diagnostic Hospital. Controversy over this decision resulted in Jean Turner's election as an Independent Member of the Scottish Parliament for Strathkelvin and Bearsden over this single issue in 2003.
Despite this, a new hospital, the first Ambulatory Care hospital in Scotland, specialising in areas such as day surgery, was procured under a Private Finance Initiative contract in November 2006. The new hospital building, which was designed by Reiach and Hall and built by Balfour Beatty at a cost of £100 million, opened in June 2009. The new hospital building was voted the world's best hospital of its size in the 2010 Design and Health International Academy Awards in addition to being recognised by the Royal Institute of British Architects and Glasgow Institute of Architects. The design of the hospital was also praised in the Architects' Journal. A 60-bed ward block was added by the same architects in 2011, comprising 12 overnight beds to extend the use of the existing day surgery to include more complex operations and an evening theatre list, and two 24-bed rehabilitation wards. Half of the beds are provided in single rooms and half in multi-bed wards to enable a choice of accommodation for the expected age and condition of patients.
This reorganisation resulted in the nearest Accident and Emergency and general inpatient facilities being relocated to the Glasgow Royal Infirmary in the city centre, as inpatient and A&amp;E services were eventually phased out by the end of 2011, though a Minor injuries unit has been retained.
In October 2018, the Sunday Post and local MP Paul Sweeney exposed a major scrap metal theft at disused buildings in the grounds of the hospital, later securing the commitment of NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde to restore and illuminate the clock tower at the site.
Services.
Ambulatory care facilities.
The New Stobhill Hospital provides general outpatient treatment and diagnostic services such as: physiotherapy, podiatry, occupational therapy, drug rehabilitation, dietetics, dermatology, speech and language therapy, renal dialysis, heart and lung investigations, cardiac rehabilitation, elderly day care, diabetic care, dentistry, a chronic pain service, x-rays, CT scans, MRI scans, nuclear medicine, ophthalmology, orthotics, audiology, endoscopy, colposcopy and haematology.
A 2011 extension to the New Stobhill Hospital has 60 inpatient beds in three wards: 
There is also an in-hours Minor injuries unit (09.00-21.00) and out-of-hours GP service.
Marie Curie Hospice.
Marie Curie Cancer Care has a hospice at Stobhill. The charity built a new hospice which was opened in January 2010. The 30-room hospice replaces the charity's old building in nearby Belmont Road which cared for more than 1,200 patients and their families each year.

</doc>
<doc id="7000559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000559" title="Guitar Solos 2">
Guitar Solos 2

Guitar Solos 2 is the second in a series of three albums of improvised guitar solos by various musicians. It was released in the United Kingdom by Caroline Records in 1976, and consists of two guitar solos by Fred Frith, three by Derek Bailey, three by Hans Reichel and one by G. F. Fitzgerald. Frith coordinated and produced the series, which began with his 1974 debut solo album, "Guitar Solos".
The two Frith tracks on this album were later included in the 1991 CD reissue of Frith's, "Guitar Solos".
Reception.
In a review of "Guitar Solos 2", and the next album in this series, "Guitar Solos 3", Tony Coulter wrote that "[t]raditional guitar playing is most definitely not the focus of these two LPs." He called these compilations by Frith "an indispensable introduction to the world of freely improvising guitarists." Coulter added that these albums emphasize extended technique and showcase these guitarists at their best.

</doc>
<doc id="7000560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000560" title="Great Controversy">
Great Controversy

Great Controversy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7000562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000562" title="Kasem Chatikavanij">
Kasem Chatikavanij

Kasem Chatikavanij (18 March 1924 – 17 October 2010), popularly known as "Super K", was the Governor of the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand and Chairman of Bangkok Mass Transit System PCL (BTSC), the operator of the Bangkok Skytrain. His nephew, Korn Chatikavanij, is a prominent member of the Democrat Party.
Early life.
Kasem studied primary school at Assumption College. While studying in secondary two his father sent to study at St Stephen's College to be a buddy with Bhichai Rattakul, former Deputy Prime Minister. Then went to study at University of Hong Kong until the Pacific War causing learning to be stopped. When the war broke out, he returned to study in engineering, electrical and mechanical fields at the Faculty of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University. Until graduating in 1947 and continuing to study for a master's degree in electrical engineering at the University of Utah.
Careers.
Upon graduation, he returned to government service at the factory, which was responsible for the construction of the dam. Later, the duty to build the dam Has moved up with the Royal Irrigation Department in the field of Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram, causing Kasem Jatikavanij to move to work at the Royal Irrigation Department. The first task responsible for the construction of the Yanhee Dam or Bhumibol Dam is to report to the World Bank for a loan of 65 million US dollars that is considered very high in those days and makes Kasem have the opportunity Has accumulated knowledge in project management And manage finances very much. After the Bhumibol Dam is completed Kasem also served as Deputy Governor of Yanhee Electric. Later created The North Bangkok Power Plant took place at Bang Kruai District, Nonthaburi Province. Later, when Yanhee Electric became the Electricity Generating Authority of Thailand (EGAT), Kasem became the first EGAT Governor.
In the government of Gen. Kriangsak Chamanan, Kasem was appointed as Minister of Industry and in the government of Kriangsak 2 was appointed as Minister to the Prime Minister's Office as the Prime Minister's advisor.
After resigning from EGAT, Kasem has held the position of 4 state-owned state enterprises at the same time as the Director of Thai Oil, Chairman of the Board Bangchak Petroleum, Chairman of the National Fertilizer Company and Chairman and Chairman of the Executive Committee Asia Trust Bank.
Mr. Kasem's most outstanding contribution in the management of 4 state enterprises is the management of Thai Oil. Until becoming a giant in the oil industry of Asia That is constantly growing And able to borrow a large sum of money to expand the business Without having to bring the property of The company guarantees With the trust of many creditors By the time Kasem entered the Thai Oil Administration from 1985 to 1997, Thaioil has led to being a top level oil company. Of Asia Until Far Eastern Economic Review magazine named Kasem as "Energy Tzar". However, when the economic crisis of Thailand in 1997, along with the world oil price slump. Causing Thai Oil to be hit hard from exchange rate changes that has made double the amount of foreign currency debt in Thai baht and Kasem resigned from Thai Oil at the end of 1997.
Later in the year 1990, the name of Kasem Jatikavanij disappeared for a while. He has returned to the news again when accepted the invitation of Keeree Kanjanapas to be a Chairman of the Board Bangkok Mass Transit System Public Company Limited or BTSC at the age of 67. Kasem must take responsibility for taking BTSC through various storms. Whether it is resistance from villagers in the area in the case of using the area of Silom as a parking garage That grew aggressive became a major obstacle to delay the project and having to deal with those famous people of the country that does not agree with the project at that time. Kasem, who had previously negotiated with the World Bank for a loan of US $65 million to build Bhumibol Dam in the past, could allow the World Bank to approve the loan for the BTS Skytrain Project and also joined to invest in the project by which the Thai government at that time did not contribute to guaranteeing any and all factors. The first mass transit project in Thailand can be successfully opened to the public and became part of the mass transit system Important of Bangkok to date.
Death.
Kasem died at 11:30 on 17 October 2010 at Ramathibodi Hospital of diabetes.

</doc>
<doc id="7000563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000563" title="Route 81">
Route 81



</doc>
<doc id="7000564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000564" title="Certified Arborist">
Certified Arborist



</doc>
<doc id="7000567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000567" title="Guitar Solos 3">
Guitar Solos 3

Guitar Solos 3 is the third in a series of three albums of improvised guitar solos by various musicians, and was released in the United States by Rift Records in 1979. Fred Frith coordinated and produced the series, which began with his 1974 debut solo album, "Guitar Solos".
The three Frith tracks on this album were later included on the 1991 CD reissue of Frith's, "Guitar Solos".
Reception.
In a review of "Guitar Solos 3", and the previous album in this series, "Guitar Solos 2", Tony Coulter wrote in "Ear Magazine" that "[t]raditional guitar playing is most definitely not the focus of these two LPs." He called these compilations by Frith "an indispensable introduction to the world of freely improvising guitarists." Coulter added that these albums emphasize extended technique and showcase these guitarists at their best.
Writing in "Sonic Transports: New Frontiers in Our Music" (1990), Nicole V. Gagné noted that Frith's three improvised pieces on the album have little in the way of recognizable guitar music. "Alienated Industrial Seagulls etc." sounds like "a motorcycle gang trashing the loading dock of a screen-door warehouse", and "Song of River Nights" "is delicate and transparent ... evoking the sounds of old timbers and ropes and water", but in neither is there anything resembling a guitar. Gagné said it is only in Frith's final track, "Should Old Arthur" – "a brief, lopsided lullaby played on one of the guitar strings with a violin bow" – that a guitar is evident.
Track listing.
Source: LP liner notes, Fred Frith discography, Discogs.
Track notes.
Source: LP liner notes, Fred Frith discography.
Personnel.
Sound and artwork.
Source: LP liner notes, Fred Frith discography, Discogs.

</doc>
<doc id="7000569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000569" title="Great controversy theme">
Great controversy theme



</doc>
<doc id="7000573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000573" title="The Great Controversy">
The Great Controversy



</doc>
<doc id="7000578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000578" title="Kasem Jatikawanit">
Kasem Jatikawanit



</doc>
<doc id="7000581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000581" title="Carom Billiards">
Carom Billiards



</doc>
<doc id="7000582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000582" title="Chilean-Confederation war">
Chilean-Confederation war



</doc>
<doc id="7000585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000585" title="History of postage in China">
History of postage in China



</doc>
<doc id="7000587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000587" title="Phonetic alphabet (military)">
Phonetic alphabet (military)



</doc>
<doc id="7000590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000590" title="The Great Controversy (book)">
The Great Controversy (book)

The Great Controversy is a book by Ellen G. White, one of the founders of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and held in esteem as a prophetess or messenger of God among Seventh-day Adventist members. In it, White describes the "Great Controversy theme" between Jesus Christ and Satan, as played out over the millennia from its start in heaven, to its final end when the remnant who are faithful to God will be taken to heaven at the Second Advent of Christ, and the world is destroyed and recreated. Regarding the reason for writing the book, the author reported, "In this vision at Lovett's Grove (in 1858), most of the matter of the Great Controversy which I had seen ten years before, was repeated, and I was shown that I must write it out."
The name "Great Controversy" first applied to volume 1 of the 4 volume set "Spiritual Gifts" published in 1858. That single volume was then expanded to a 4 volume set entitled "The Spirit of Prophecy" subtitled "The Great Controversy" with the volumes published separately from 1870 to 1884. The last volume was also subtitled, "From the Destruction of Jerusalem, to the End of the Controversy". The 4 volume set was then expanded to 5 volumes entitled "the Conflict of the Ages Series" with the last volume given the name "The Great Controversy Between Christ and Satan During the Christian Dispensation" published in 1888. Volume 5 was again expanded and published in 1911. The 1884, 1888, and 1911 books incorporate historical data from other authors.
Synopsis.
This synopsis is of the current, 1911 edition and its predecessor, the 1888 edition. While the original 1858 edition covered the entire history of sin from its beginning in heaven until it is eradicated in the new earth, these two editions cover just the Christian dispensation.
The book begins with a historical overview, which begins with the destruction of Jerusalem in AD 70, covers the Reformation and Advent movement in detail, and culminates with a lengthy description of the end times. It also outlines several key Seventh-day Adventist doctrines, including the heavenly sanctuary, the investigative judgment and the state of the dead.
Much of the first half of the book is devoted to the historical conflict between Roman Catholicism and Protestantism. White writes that the Papacy propagated a corrupt form of Christianity from the time of Constantine I onwards, and during the Middle Ages was opposed only by the Waldensians and other small groups, who preserved an authentic form of Christianity. Beginning with John Wycliffe and Jan Huss and continuing with Martin Luther, Huldrych Zwingli, and others, the Reformation led to a partial recovery of biblical truth. In the early 19th century William Miller began to preach that Jesus was about to return to earth; his movement eventually resulted in the formation of the Adventist Church.
The second half of the book is prophetic, looking to a resurgence in papal supremacy. The civil government of the United States will form a union with the Roman Catholic Church as well as with apostate Protestantism, leading to enforcement of a universal Sunday law (the mark of the beast), and a great persecution of Sabbath-keepers immediately prior to the second coming of Jesus. And these will be part of the end time remnant of believers who are faithful to God, which will be sealed and manifested just prior to the second coming of Jesus.
The official Ellen G. White Estate web site views the 1888 version as the original "Great Controversy," with the 1911 edition being the only revision.
While working to complete the book in 1884, White wrote, "I want to get it out as soon as possible, for our people need it so much... . I have been unable to sleep nights, for thinking of the important things to take place... . Great things are before us, and we want to call the people from their indifference to get ready."
In the 1911 edition preface, the author states the primary purpose of the book to be "to trace the history of the controversy in past ages, and especially so to present it as to shed a light on the fast approaching struggle of the future."
Publishing and distribution.
There are four major editions of the book commonly called "The Great Controversy". While currently all editions printed by Seventh-day Adventist publishing houses are based on the 1911 edition, the first three editions have also been reprinted by Seventh-day Adventist publishing houses as facsimile reproductions, and several Seventh-day Adventist laymembers have reprinted them in various formats, with various titles also.
Publication history:
The 1858 edition.
In 1858, at Lovett's Grove, Ohio, Sunday, 14 March, a funeral was held in a schoolhouse where Ellen and James White were holding meetings, James was asked to speak and Ellen was moved to bear her testimony. Part way through her talk, she went into a two-hour vision in front of the congregation. The vision mostly concerned the matter of the "great controversy," which she had seen ten years before (1848). She was told that she must write it out. The next day on a train they began arranging plans for writing and publishing the future book immediately on their return home. At a stopover, Ellen experienced a stroke of paralysis, which made writing virtually impossible.
For several weeks afterward, Ellen could not feel pressure on her hand or cold water poured on her head. At first, she wrote but one page in a day and then rested for three. But as she progressed, her strength increased, and by the time she finished the book, all effects of the stroke were gone. The book was completed by mid-August and subsequently published as "Spiritual Gifts", Vol. 1,: "The Great Controversy Between Christ and His Angels, and Satan and His Angels".
It is written in the first-person present tense, with the phrase "I saw" being used 161 times to refer to the author's experience in receiving the vision given to enable her to write this book. The book describes the whole history of sin chronologically, from before sin ever entered the universe to after its final destruction in The New Earth.
The 1884 edition.
Plans were laid in the late 1860s for the "Spirit of Prophecy" series, an expansion of the 1858 "Great Controversy" theme into four volumes, designed especially for Seventh-day Adventist reading. Volume 1, dealing with Old Testament history, was published in 1870. The New Testament history required two volumes which were published in 1877 and 1878.
For volume 4, Ellen was instructed through vision to present an outline of the controversy between Christ and Satan as it developed in the Christian dispensation to prepare the mind of the reader to understand clearly the controversy going on in the present day. She explained:
"As the Spirit of God has opened to my mind the great truths of His Word, and the scenes of the past and the future, I have been bidden to make known to others that which has thus been revealed—to trace the history of the controversy in past ages, and especially so to present it as to shed a light on the fast approaching struggle of the future. The great events which have marked the progress of reform in past ages, are matters of history, well known and universally acknowledged by the Protestant world; they are facts which none can gainsay. The facts having been condensed into as little space as seemed consistent with a proper understanding of their application."
Much of this history had passed before her in vision but not all the details and not always in precise sequence. In a statement read on October 30, 1911, carrying Ellen's written endorsement, W. C. White said:
"She (Ellen) made use of good and clear historical statements to help make plain to the reader the things which she is endeavoring to present. When I was a mere boy, I heard her read D'Aubigne's "History of the Reformation" to my father. She read to him a large part, if not the whole, of the five volumes. She has read other histories of the Reformation. This has helped her to locate and describe many of the events and the movements presented to her in vision."
While verbs used are still generally present tense, the first person aspect is not present. The book was published in two bindings, one, olive in color, carrying the title "The Great Controversy", the other in black cloth titled "Spirit of Prophecy", volume 4. The book was sold to both Seventh-day Adventists and the general public. Fifty thousand copies were distributed within three years' time.
The 1888 edition.
The 1884 Great Controversy had enjoyed escalating sales. In 1887, C. H. Jones, manager of Pacific Press, informed Ellen that they needed to completely reset the type for the book because the old type was worn out. This was, therefore, a good time to improve and make corrections to the book.
The 1884 book was reaching beyond the ranks of Seventh-day Adventists. Yet the terminology and, in some cases, the content was directed largely to Adventists. Expressions familiar to Adventists were sometimes incomprehensible to the ordinary reader. Also, some subjects were too briefly treated because the readers were expected to be familiar with them. Some adaptation of wording seemed desirable and also changing of the verb tense from present to past.
At that time, Ellen was living in Europe, the land of Reformation history, a subject that is an important part of the book. Accordingly, she added a chapter on Huss and Jerome of Prague, who had previously been but briefly mentioned. More was added about Huldrych Zwingli and John Calvin. Other chapters were enlarged and important additions were made about the sanctuary. Additional scriptures were introduced and footnote references were increased.
The book was also translated into French and German. The translators and proofreaders, along with White and her editors, would read, discuss, and translate chapters of the book as it was being reviewed for the new edition. By this means, the translators got the spirit of the work and so could improve the translation.
The introduction describes the work of God's prophets and details God's commission to her to write the book:
"Through the illumination of the Holy Spirit, the scenes of the long-continued conflict between good and evil have been opened to the writer of these pages. From time to time I have been permitted to behold the working, in different ages, of the great controversy between Christ, the Prince of life, the Author of our salvation, and Satan, the prince of evil, the author of sin, the first transgressor of God's holy law.
She wrote, "While writing the manuscript of "Great Controversy" I was often conscious of the presence of the angels of God... . And many times the scenes about which I was writing were presented to me anew in visions of the night, so that they were fresh and vivid in my mind."
In the 1884 "Great Controversy", Ellen quoted from D'Aubigne, Wylie, etc. In this enlargement, she brought in considerably more of such materials. At times she quoted, at times paraphrased, and at times depicted, in her own words, the events of history that formed the vehicle for presenting the larger picture, the behind-the-scenes controversy, that had been opened to her in vision. In keeping with the thinking in those times, she and those associated with her did not consider this use of available materials as a matter that called for specific recognition.
The 1911 edition.
By 1907, so many copies had been printed that repairs had to be made on the most badly worn plates. At the same time, the illustrations were improved and a subject index was added. Then in 1910, C. H. Jones, the manager of Pacific Press, wrote saying that the plates were totally worn out and needed to be replaced before another printing could be done. Since White owned the printing plates, whatever would be done with "The Great Controversy" had to be done under her direction and at her expense.
At first, the procedures seemed routine and uncomplicated. No alterations in the text were contemplated, beyond technical corrections as might be suggested by Miss Mary Steward, a proofreader of long experience and member of White's staff. However, Ellen White decided to examine the book closely and make changes as needed:
"When I learned that "the Great Controversy" must be reset, I determined that we would have everything closely examined, to see if the truths it contained were stated in the very best manner, to convince those not of our faith that the Lord had guided and sustained me in the writing of its pages."
The book was reviewed according to the following items:
In addition, Willie White, Ellen's son and agent, following Ellen's desires, sought helpful suggestions from others. He reported:
"We took counsel with the men of the Publishing Department, with State canvassing agents, and with members of the publishing committees, not only in Washington, D.C., but in California, and I asked them to kindly call our attention to any passages that needed to be considered in connection with the resetting of the book."
Suggestions from around the world were received. These were blended into a group of points to study, first by White's staff and finally by White herself. While she delegated the details of the work to members of her experienced office staff, she carried the responsibility for changes in the text. She was ultimate judge and final reviewer of the manuscript.
When the type was set and proof sheets were available from the publishers, a marked set, showing clearly both the old reading and the new, was submitted to White for careful reading and approval. By early July 1911, the book was in the binderies of Pacific Press and the Review and Herald.
In a letter to A. G. Daniells, White wrote in August 1910, shortly before the 1911 edition was published:
"Message after message has come to me from the Lord concerning—the dangers surrounding you and Elder Prescott. I have seen that Satan would have been greatly pleased to see Elders Prescott and Daniells undertake the work of a general overhauling of our books that have done a good work in the field for years."
Other publishers.
In addition to the major Adventist publishing houses, the book has also been printed and distributed by various independent initiatives. Remnant Publications sent more than 350,000 copies of the book to residents of Charlotte, North Carolina in 2014, after having already sent a million books to people in Manhattan and over 300,000 to people in Washington, D.C.
In 2024 they also sent out thousands of copies to households in Kansas City, Missouri. 
Criticism.
Plagiarism.
Walter Rea (book published 1983), Donald McAdams (circulated unpublished manuscript ~1976), and other critics of "The Great Controversy" maintain that the book plagiarizes from a variety of sources.
White stated in the introduction to both the 1888 and 1911 editions before any charges of plagiarism: "In some cases where a historian has so grouped together events as to afford, in brief, a comprehensive view of the subject, or has summarized details in a convenient manner, his words have been quoted; but except in a few instances no specific credit has been given, since they are not quoted for the purpose of citing that writer as authority, but because his statement affords a ready and forcible presentation of the subject. In narrating the experience and views of those carrying forward the work of reform in our own time, similar use has occasionally been made of their published works."
Ramik cleared her of breaking the law of the land/time (copyright infringement/piracy), not of plagiarism in the academic sense. In 1911, more than 70 years before charges of plagiarism, White wrote in the introduction to "The Great Controversy" her reason for quoting, in some cases without giving due credit, certain historians whose "statements affords a ready and forcible presentation on the subject." That means that she acknowledged the charges of plagiarism (in the academic sense, not juridically).
Catholicism.
The book's tone toward the Papacy has been a target for criticism by some.

</doc>
<doc id="7000595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000595" title="Lystrosaurus Assemblage Zone">
Lystrosaurus Assemblage Zone

The "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone is a tetrapod assemblage zone or biozone which correlates to the upper Adelaide and lower Tarkastad Subgroups of the Beaufort Group, a fossiliferous and geologically important geological Group of the Karoo Supergroup in South Africa. This biozone has outcrops in the south central Eastern Cape (Middelburg, Queenstown, Aliwal North, Nieu-Bethesda) and in the southern and northeastern Free State (Bethulie, Gariep Dam, Mthatha, Harrismith). The "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone is one of eight biozones found in the Beaufort Group, and is considered to be Early Triassic in age.
The name of the biozone refers to "Lystrosaurus", a small to medium-sized dicynodont therapsid. It is characterized by the appearance of further "Lystrosaurus" subspecies which are confined to this biozone. "Lystrosaurus maccaigi" and "Lystrosaurus curvatus" are the only two species found outside the "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone in Upper Permian deposits of the underlying "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone.
History.
The first fossils to be found in the Beaufort Group rocks that encompass the current eight biozones were discovered by Andrew Geddes Bain in 1856. However, it was not until 1892 that it was observed that the geological strata of the Beaufort Group could be differentiated based on their fossil taxa. The initial undertaking was done by Harry Govier Seeley who subdivided the Beaufort Group into three biozones, which he named (from oldest to youngest):
These proposed biozones Seeley named were subdivided further by Robert Broom between 1906 and 1909. Broom proposed the following biozones (from oldest to youngest):
These biozone divisions were approved by paleontologists of the time and were left largely unchanged for several decades. The "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone was first named by Robert Broom in 1906. Initially Broom had subdivided the existing "Lystrosaurus" zone into the "Lystrosaurus" and "Procolophon" Assemblage Zones respectively. The biozone was later revised in 1976 by James Kitching where Kitching assimilated the "Procolophon" zone into the "Lystrosaurus" zone due to discovering that fossils of the small parareptile "Procolophon" were likewise found throughout the "Lystrosaurus" zone.
Lithology.
The "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone ranges from the Palingkloof Member of the upper Balfour Formation west of 24°E. It comprises the entire Katberg Formation and the first third of the Burgersdorp Formation east of 24°E. The Balfour Formation is located within the Adelaide Subgroup, while the Katberg and Burgersdorp are within the Tarkastad Subgroup of the Beaufort Group. Its contact with the underlying "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone marks the Permian-Triassic boundary.
The boundary is defined by a change in the sedimentary rock types. The changing rock types across the boundary reveal a change in the fluvial environment, from meandering high sinuosity river channels composed of greenish-grey siltstones and mudstones found in the underlying "Daptocephalus" Assemblage Zone. From the start of the Palingkloof Member the predominant presence of mudstone and siltstone show that meandering river channels were present, however, in arid and warmer conditions due to change in colour of the rocks to reddish-brown and maroon. These are inter-spaced with claystones, olive to grey fine-grained sandstone, and reddish-brown to maroon shales. In the overlying Katberg Formation, alluvial fans containing braided low sinuosity river channels comprising mainly coarse-grained sandstone appear. These sandstones form either single and multi-storey channel sandstones and crevasse-splay sandstones. The dominance of sandstones is diagnostic of the Katberg Formation. The sandstones are interspersed by reddish-brown siltstones and mudstones which were deposited as silt sediments washed down the braided channels further down the Karoo Basin. The mudstones here often contain cracks which are infilled with sandstone. The domination of sandstone in the "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone shows that the climate at the time had become more arid, where rainfall was unpredictable and the shallow, braided rivers would seasonally dry up. When the rivers flowed again after the rains, due to being shallow, they would frequently flood their banks, hence the presence of crevasse-splays. Conglomerates are also found in eastern outcrops, which are indicative of erosion occurring due to die-offs of plant ecosystems. There is in addition a notable gap in coal deposits at this time as a result. Siltstone and mudstone outcrops are less common, with the majority of outcrops of these being found in the lower sections within the Palingkloof Member and in its uppermost section within the Burgersdorp Formation. Nodule conglomerates comprising pedogenic nodules and intrabasinal clasts are also found.
Paleontology.
There is a marked drop in species abundance in the "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone due to ecological crises which followed the Permian-Triassic extinction event. However, this has not affected the abundance of vertebrate fossils found within this biozone. The most ubiquitous fossils found are different species of "Lystrosaurus", the most commonly occurring being "Lystrosaurus murrayi" and "Lystrosaurus declivis". "Lystrosaurus maccaigi" is the only species of "Lystrosaurus" not found in the biozone of its namesake. "Lystrosaurus curvatus" does appear in the lowermost section of the biozone, although it disappears at the contact between the Palingkloof Member of the Balfour Formation and the Katberg Formation. For this reason "L. curvatus" is used as an index fossil for outcrops of the Permian-Triassic boundary. In the lower Katberg Formation, complete and sometimes mummified articulated skeletons of "L. murrayi" and "L. declivus" are found in bonebeds containing several individuals. The bonebeds are almost always overlain by mudrock infilled with sandstone and capped by other coarse-grained sediments. This provides substantial geological and taphonomical evidence that these "Lystrosaurus" died near to dried up river channels, mummified in the arid climate before their remains were buried by floods.
The Permian-Triassic extinction event caused the extinction of all gorgonopsians and almost all dicynodont species except for "Lystrosaurus" and a select few other species such as "Myosaurus gracilis". Therocephalian species experienced a Lilliput Effect where only smaller species survived and thrived after the extinction event. "Moschorhinus", for example, was one of the larger therocephalians to survive the initial extinction event, however, fossil occurrences of this species cease above the lower Katberg Formation. This is also true of "Lystrosaurus" where only the smaller species thrived in the Triassic. By the upper sections of the biozone, ecological niches began to recover as evidenced by the appearance of new species. Cynodonts experienced the greatest diversification with species such as "Thrinaxodon liorhinus" and "Galesaurus planiceps" being found. In the upper Katberg and the lower Burgersdorp Formations more derived cynodonts, the Eucynodontia, make an appearance. Small procolonphonoid parareptiles such as "Owenetta kitchingorum" and "Procolophon trigoniceps," and temnospondyl amphibians are also found. In addition, the earliest ancestors of Archosauria appear in the "Lystrosaurus" zone. These species are known as archosauromorphs and archosauriformes. Examples of these are "Prolacerta broomi" and "Proterosuchus fergusi" respectively found in the lower "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone. A variety of ichnofossils are also found, especially burrow casts left by "Lystrosaurus". The deep-bodied ray-finned fish "Caruichthys" was also found in layers of this biozone.
Age and correlations.
The "Lystrosaurus" Assemblage Zone dates to approximately 251 to 249 Ma, and correlates with the Kopanskaya and Staritskaya Formations of Russia, and with the Jiucaiyuan Formation of China, the Knocklofty and Arcadia Formations of Australia, the Buena Vista Formation of the Paraná Basin, South America, and the Panchet Formation of India.

</doc>
<doc id="7000597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000597" title="Kankuro">
Kankuro

 is an old-fashioned Japanese given name rarely used in modern Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="7000601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000601" title="Indo-nostalgic">
Indo-nostalgic



</doc>
<doc id="7000603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000603" title="TMi (Too Much Information)">
TMi (Too Much Information)



</doc>
<doc id="7000606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000606" title="Sexton's Burrows">
Sexton's Burrows

Sexton's Burrows is a narrow rocky peninsula which forms a natural breakwater to the Harbour of Watermouth Bay on the North Devon coast.

</doc>
<doc id="7000611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000611" title="Chalk Farm Salvation Army Band">
Chalk Farm Salvation Army Band

The Chalk Farm Band is brass band of the Salvation Army located at the Salvation Army Centre in Haverstock Hill, Chalk Farm, London, England. It is one of the best known brass bands of the Salvation Army in the UK.
Brief history.
Chalk Farm Band has always been at the forefront of Salvation Army banding.
Indeed, as early as 1898, just sixteen years after its formation in 1882, it was first featured as the solo band for a Salvation Army International Congress. The venue was London's Crystal Palace and the band was led by a youthful A W Punchard. This notable achievement proved to be a prelude to far greater accomplishments, for during the next fifty years, Bandmaster Punchard led the band in many pioneering developments that influenced the life and growth of Salvation Army bands worldwide. Particularly notable were the trail-blazing overseas tours over thirty of which have been completed to date.
During the 1930s, the band's progress became a model to be emulated by music sections throughout the world, no doubt as a result of extensive touring of Scandinavia and Central Europe. AWP was also regarded as the model bandmaster and was appointed National Bandmaster in 1922, a position he held until his Promotion to Glory in 1950.
Innovative ventures were being undertaken at home. The first of many gramophone recordings was made as early as 1912, for Pathe Frere, and the band's first radio broadcast was transmitted in 1924. Formal recognition of the band's consistently high standard of service came in 1934 when it was received by King George V at Buckingham Palace, London.
Bandmaster Punchard's eventual retirement in 1944 coincided with the gradual return of many of the band's servicemen from World War II. The rebuilding task passed to Frank Rawbone who greatly enhanced the technical skill and tonal qualities of the band. This enabled a tour of Sweden to be undertaken in 1948, the first extensive post war overseas campaign by a Salvation Army band.
Progress continued in subsequent years and under the baton of Stuart Parker, a further European Tour was undertaken in 1961.
Michael Clack assumed the leadership of the band in 1963 and directed the band for most of the succeeding years until his retirement in 2001. Under Michael's leadership, the band continued to travel extensively in the UK and beyond, developing ever more innovative methods of ministry. During the historic four-country tour of Europe in 1967, Rome was visited for the first time and an invitation was accepted to play before Pope Paul VI at the Vatican – at that time a highly controversial decision but now this event is recorded for posterity in the History of The Salvation Army Vol VII.
It was a very different Germany that received the band in October 1985 than on the occasion fifty years earlier when Nazi salutes and Swastika flags accompanied the band on its way through Essen, Hamburg and Berlin.
In 1986, the band accepted an invitation from the Spain and Portugal Command to assist in its first ever Congress. In spite of much local opposition the band was privileged to hold an open-air service and march of witness in the Plaza Mayor, Madrid – yet again the first Salvation Army section to undertake such a venture.
1988 saw the band undertake its first tour outside Europe when it undertook an extensive tour of Australia in the country's Bi-Centennial year. Less than 24 hours after landing on Australian soil, the band played its first festival in Adelaide, later travelling to Tasmania, Melbourne, Canberra, Wollongong, Newcastle and Sydney where a capacity audience greeted the band for its final major concert at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music.
Since that ground-breaking tour, other countries visited by the band include Sweden in 1991, the Netherlands and Germany in 1995, and Denmark and Switzerland in 1997. In the following year, the band accepted an invitation from the Russian Command Headquarters in Moscow to travel to Tbilisi, Georgia to assist with that Territory's first ever Congress just five years after the Salvation Army's work recommenced in the former Soviet Union following the collapse of Communism.
Just two years later, the band's pioneering spirit saw it travelling again, this time to Japan to participate in high-profile events including the mammoth Midosuji Parade in Osaka. Despite encountering an earthquake on its first day in Japan, the band was not to be deterred and played to enthusiastic crowds, including over 1 million people on the streets of Osaka for the major parade that was the centre piece of this tour, an event captured live on Japanese television. The band was honoured to play at the Heian Shrine in historic Kyoto before returning to London having broken new ground for The Salvation Army in the Far East.
Under Michael Clack's leadership the band had reached new heights and broken new ground across the world. Michael was awarded the MBE by HM Queen Elizabeth II in 1995 for services to Music Education, an honour richly deserved.
In 2001, Michael retired and handed the baton to Jonathan Evans. Since that time, the band has continued its tradition of taking the Gospel to the world with further tours undertaken in Norway, Finland and Estonia. During the latter visit, the band was again involved in pioneering work, assisting with the opening of a new Corps at Tartu on the Estonia/Russia border. Family commitments have taken Jonathan away from Chalk Farm, and Michael Clack has since 'taken up the baton' once again.
As well as being held in high esteem overseas, the band continues its vital work in the UK with visits continuing to Corps across the UK Territory. Of greater importance however is the band's local ministry in the cosmopolitan area of North London. Enduring links with the church of St Martin-in-the-Fields, Trafalgar Square, means that it is regularly called upon to participate in high-profile events in Central London.
Over the years the band has been very active in the British broadcasting media having appeared for many years on BBC's Blue Peter programme as well as making regular appearances on Songs of Praise and BBC Radio's Gloria Hunniford programme, all of which carried its ministry to millions.
Demands for the band services remains high and the current band continues to be fully committed to maintaining and developing the highest standards of Salvation Army banding.
Mission.
The Band's primary function is to participate fully in the weekly religious services, both indoor and in the open-air.
In addition it regularly presents concerts at other Salvation Army corps both in the UK and abroad.
The Band has appeared annually on the BBC TV Show Blue Peter throughout most of its record 50-year run, and has also made a number of appearances on Songs of Praise at the Royal Albert Hall and on BBC Radio shows such as Gloria Hunniford and Owen Spencer-Thomas's Sounding Brass and Listen to the Band.
Make-Up.
All of the band's members are amateur players, and members of the Salvation Army. Despite having earlier feature other instruments, the band now features the standard brass band instrumentation being:
Recordings.
The band has released 5 CDs (the most recent being Emblem of the Army), 6 records, and also appeared on a number of 78s. A video detailing its history is also available, which is entitled Blood &amp; Fire &amp; Brass – Blood &amp; Fire being a feature of the Salvation Army flag.
Tours.
From the very early days of its history the band has travelled extensively, as the 'Battle Honours' on the Band flag records and the band is proud to be recognised as one of The Salvation Army's most widely travelled Corps' Band.

</doc>
<doc id="7000617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000617" title="Cynognathus Assemblage Zone">
Cynognathus Assemblage Zone

The "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone is a tetrapod biozone utilized in the Karoo Basin of South Africa. It is equivalent to the Burgersdorp Formation, the youngest lithostratigraphic formation in the Beaufort Group, which is part of the fossiliferous and geologically important Karoo Supergroup. The "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone is the youngest of the eight biozones found in the Beaufort Group, and is considered to be late Early Triassic (Olenekian) to early Middle Triassic (Anisian) in age (around 247 Ma). The name of the biozone refers to "Cynognathus crateronotus", a large and carnivorous cynodont therapsid which occurs throughout the entire biozone.
History.
The first fossils to be found in the Beaufort Group rocks that encompass the current eight biozones were discovered by Andrew Geddes Bain in 1856. However, it was not until 1892 that it was observed that the geological strata of the Beaufort Group could be differentiated based on their fossil taxa. The initial undertaking was done by Harry Govier Seeley who subdivided the Beaufort Group into three biozones, which he named (from oldest to youngest):
Under Seeley's system, the "highly specialized theriodonts" zone corresponds to the modern "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone. Seeley's proposed biozones were subdivided further by Robert Broom between 1906 and 1909. Broom proposed the following biozones (from oldest to youngest):
These biozone divisions were approved by paleontologists of the time and were left largely unchanged for several decades. James Kitching retained the name of the "Cynognathus z"one in his revision of the biozones in the 1970s and 1980s. In 1995, he formalized the biozone under the name ""Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone".
In the mid-1990s, new discoveries of additional outcrops presented the possibility that the Cynognathus Assemblage Zone could be subdivided further. A 1995 paper split it into three subzones: a lower subzone characterized by "Kestrosaurus", a middle subzone characterized by the "classic" zone fauna which was already well-established, and an upper zone with reduced diversity. This informal three-part subdivision scheme was later labelled with letters (as subzones A, B, and C from oldest to youngest) until it was formalized with robust index taxa and type sections in 2020. Subzone A was formalized as the "Langbergia"-"Garjainia" Subzone, subzone B as the "Trirachodon"-"Kannemeyeria" Subzone, and subzone C as the "Cricodon"-"Ufudocyclops" Subzone.
From the late 1970s onwards, some authors argued that "Cynognathus" was less common than previously considered, so they instead renamed the biozone to the "Kannemeyeria" Assemblage Zone or "Kannemeyeria-Diademodon" Assemblage Zone. However, later work found that "Kannemeyeria" fossils were absent from Subzone A, and while "Diademodon" was found throughout the biozone it had been usurped as a dominant taxon by larger trirachodontids by Subzone C. This meant that these species were not ideal index taxa for the biozone. As "Cynognathus" fossils are found consistently throughout, the current name for the biozone was retained.
Lithology.
The "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone correlates with the Burgersdorp Formation in the upper Tarkastad Subgroup of the Beaufort Group. The "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone contains argillaceous mudstone successions varying from maroon to reddish, blueish-green, and greyish-green in colour. The mudstones are interbedded with lenticular and feldspathic sandstones which appear greenish-grey when fresh and brownish-yellow when eroded out. Clay-rich pebble conglomerates are also observed in some areas. Complete, articulated fossils are frequently found encased in calcareous nodules within the mudstone layers while complete skulls are mainly found in the sandstone. The mudstones were likely deposited in low-energy, meandering fluvial environments alongside sand-rich river channels. The environment during time of deposition was semi-arid, but with seasonal rain and flooding due to the presence of crevasse splays in the mudstone layers. A lack of well developed channel sandstones provides evidence for more lacustrine areas in the more northerly occurring outcrops of the biozone.
The thickest outcrops of the "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone, reaching approximately , occur between Queenstown and Lady Frere in the Eastern Cape. Outcrops then thin out to between around Aliwal North, Burgersdorp, Steynsburg, and Rouxville. Thin outcrops are also found in areas in the Free State that border Lesotho.
The "Langbergia"-"Garjainia" Subzone (Subzone A) is most well-exposed and fossiliferous in northeast Free State, between Senekal and Bethlehem. At the stratotype near Bethlehem, it reaches around 50 m in thickness. Exposures of this subzone rapidly decrease to the east, disappearing around Bergville. Although the subzone thickens further south (to up to 100 m) towards Aliwal North, fossils diminish in abundance. Sediments of Subzone A are likely present in the Eastern Cape, though a lack of sufficient fossil material prevents it from being distinguished from younger strata.
The "Trirachodon"-"Kannemeyeria" Subzone (Subzone B) is the thickest and historically the most well-studied portion of the Assemblage Zone. It is primarily exposed in the Eastern Cape south of Lesotho. Subzone B reaches up to 500 m thick at the stratotype between Queenstown and Lady Frere, thinning northwards until it disappears east of Thaba 'Nchu. The "Cricodon"-"Ufudocyclops" Subzone (Subzone C) has limited exposures in the vicinity of Molteno and Sterkstroom in the Eastern Cape. It reaches up to 150 m at its stratotype in Sterkstroom.
Biostratigraphy.
The "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone holds a rich diversity of fossil species, of which it is most renowned for its cynodont fossils. Cynognathids, diademodontids, and trirachodontids are found throughout the Assemblage Zone. In Subzone B, the diademodontid "Diademodon" is far more common than trirachodontids. However, by the contact with Subzone C, trirachodontids had become the dominant taxa. "Cynognathus" is the common denominator, with its fossils found throughout Subzones A – C, confirming its place as the index taxon of the biozone as a whole. The large dicynodont "Kannemeyeria simocephalus" appears in Subzone B alongside other anomodonts, and therocephalian species can be found throughout the biozone. Apart from synapsids, the biozone is rich in other fossil fauna, including procolophonid parareptiles and archosauromorph reptiles. Plant fossils such as "Dicroidium", "Dadoxylon", and "Schizoneura" have been uncovered from limited areas corresponding to Subzones B - C. Aquatic life is well represented: numerous species of temnospondyl amphibian, fishes, rare occurrences of molluscs, and ichnofossils of arthropod trackways and vertebrate burrows have been discovered.
Subzone A.
The "Langbergia"-"Garjainia" Subzone (Subzone A) is the oldest subzone in the "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone. Its base is defined by the first appearance of "Cynognathus crateronotus", as well as the trirachodontid cynodont "Langbergia modisei" and the erythrosuchid archosauriform "Garjainia madiba". The temnospondyl amphibians "Kestrosaurus" and "Parotosuchus haughtoni" are also common and distinctive fossils of the "Langbergia-Garjainia" Subzone. Dicynodonts are absent, unlike every other zone and subzone in the Beaufort Group.
Subzone B.
The "Trirachodon-Kannemeyeria" Subzone (Subzone B) corresponds to traditional conceptions of the "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone. Alongside abundant fossils of "Cynognathus crateronotus", the base of Subzone B sees the first appearance of fellow cynodonts "Diademodon tetragonus" and "Trirachodon berryi". Dicynodonts reappear with "Kannemeyeria simocephalus", while "Xenotosuchus africanus" is the most common temnospondyl in this subzone. The "Trirachodon-Kannemeyeria" Subzone also has the highest diversity of fish, plants, and archosauromorph reptiles in the entire Assemblage Zone. The erythrosuchid "Erythrosuchus africanus" is a common component of the fauna, living alongside its smaller relative "Euparkeria capensis" and several species of early rhynchosaurs ("Howesia browni", "Eohyosaurus wolvaardti", "Mesosuchus browni").
Subzone C.
The "Cricodon"-"Ufudocyclops" Subzone (Subzone C) is the youngest subzone, and has the most restricted exposures and fossil content. Its base is defined by the first appearance of the trirachodontid "Cricodon metabolus" and the dicynodont "Ufudocyclops mukanelai", the only species which are common in this subzone. "Cynognathus" and "Diademodon" still persist, though they are far more rare than in the previous subzone. Other species with utility for correlation include the temnospondyl "Paracyclotosaurus morganorum" and the dicynodont "Shansiodon" sp., which co-occur in the lower part of the subzone.
Age and correlations.
Based on tentative biostratigraphic correlations, the "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone is considered to have been emplaced from approximately 249 to 244 Ma, in the later part of the Early Triassic and early part of the Middle Triassic. Based on the presence of "Garjainia" and "Parotosuchus", the "Langbergia-Garjainia" Subzone is correlated with the Yarenskian Gorizont (""Parotosuchus" fauna") of Russia. The ""Parotosuchus" fauna", exemplified by the Petropavlovskya Svita (a local lithological unit), is assigned to the late Olenekian Stage (latest Early Triassic, about 249-247 Ma) based on correlation with nearby marine fauna.
The classic faunal assemblage of the "Trirachodon"-"Kannemeyeria" Subzone is correlated with a wide variety of geological formations. Similar cynodont and dicynodont species are known from the Lower Omingonde Formation of Namibia, the Lower Ntawere Formation of Zambia, and the lower Lifua Member of the Tanzanian Manda Beds. These correlations can be extended beyond Africa, as far as the Fremouw Formation of Antarctica, Donguz Formation (""Eryosuchus" fauna") of Russia, and Lower Ermaying Formation of China. "Cynognathus" and "Diademodon" fossils have even been found in the Río Seco de la Quebrada Formation of Mendoza Province, Argentina. These formations are often considered early Anisian in age (earliest Middle Triassic, about 247 Ma). However, there is some debate over their age; one ash bed below the Rio Seco de la Quebrada Formation was radiometrically dated to around 236 Ma (early Carnian), much younger than previously suggested purely based on tetrapod biostratigraphy. The classic "Cynognathus" Assemblage Zone has been equated with the Nonesian Land Vertebrate Faunachron, part of a heavily-debated global system of Triassic tetrapod biostratigraphy.
The "Cricodon-Ufudocyclops" Subzone may be correlated with the upper parts of the Omingonde, Ntawere, and Manda Formations in Africa. "Paracyclotosaurus" is also known from the Yerrapalli Formation and Upper Denwa Formation of India, while "Shansiodon" is found in the Upper Ermaying Formation (""Sinokannemeyeria" fauna") of China. "Shansiodon" defines the base of the Perovkan Land Vertebrate Faunachron, which has been applied in a global context. These formations may be late Anisian in age, a suggestion supported by radiometric dating which positions the Upper Ermaying Formation at around 244 Ma.

</doc>
<doc id="7000621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000621" title="The Flying Machine (band)">
The Flying Machine (band)

The Flying Machine was a British bubblegum pop band who are best known for their 1969 American No. 5 hit, "Smile a Little Smile for Me".
Career.
The Flying Machine descended from British band Pinkerton's Assorted Colours. Pinkerton's (as they were often known) had scored a major UK hit with "Mirror Mirror" in 1966 and continued recording over the next few years. However, by 1969, singer/guitarist Tony Newman, singer/autoharpist/original frontman Sam Kempe, and bassist Stuart Colman from Pinkerton's had teamed up with lead guitarist Steve Jones and drummer Paul Wilkinson to form a new iteration of the group and, with Newman now assuming lead vocal/frontman duties, took the name the Flying Machine.
They are best known for their single in 1969, "Smile a Little Smile for Me", which peaked at No. 5 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart (on Kapp Records' Congress record label) It also reached No. 6 on the AC chart. Their first LP, which was self-titled, was released by Janus Records in 1969. By 12 December that year the single had sold a million copies and was awarded a gold disc by the R.I.A.A. The song was written by Tony Macaulay and Geoff Stephens. Despite being released by Pye Records in the band's native UK, the record did not appear on the UK Singles Chart.
A follow-up single, a cover version of "Baby Make It Soon", first recorded by Marmalade, achieved the U.S. Hot 100 the following year. A final single, "The Devil Has Possession Of Your Mind", was released, after which the Flying Machine split up.
Bassist Colman went on to a successful career as a session musician, record producer and BBC Radio disc jockey.

</doc>
<doc id="7000627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000627" title="Mike Mosiello">
Mike Mosiello

Mike Mosiello (full name "Michele Alfonso Mosiello") (December 2, 1896 – June 3, 1953) was an Italian-born American trumpet player.
Biography.
Michele "Mike" Mosiello was born in Frasso Telesino in Italy into a musical family. His father, Tobia Rocco Mosiello, a tailor, played the clarinet and his godfather was a trumpet player and bandleader. At the age of two, Tobia Rocco and his family migrated to the United States, settling in New York City. Here young Mike took up trumpet playing around the age of six.
During World War I Mike Mosiello enlisted as a military musician in the United States Marine Corps and was stationed in Europe. Back in New York after the war he seriously began a career as a professional musician.
Mosiello played with the orchestras of several famous bandleaders, among them Vincent Lopez. He was however one of the most prolific studio musicians of the 1920s, appearing on hundreds of records, often adding a jazz flavor to many contemporary Tin Pan Alley hits. His most important recordings as a "hot" soloist were probably those made for Victor under the direction of Nathaniel Shilkret, and his countless sides made for the cut-rate Grey Gull company (Grey Gull, Radiex, Van Dyke, Madison, etc.). Mosiello seems to have been something of the leader of the latter company's studio band and recorded several compositions of his own with this group (see below). Among his most frequent co-musicians on these recordings (and on many made for other labels and bandleaders as well) were reedman and guitarist Andy Sannella and accordionist Charles Magnante. Sannella, in an interview shortly before his death, spoke very highly of Mosiello's skills as a musician.
From the 1930s onwards, Mosiello was mainly active in radio and in the pit orchestras of various theatres. During the 1940s he toured with pianist and comedian Victor Borge but also led a band of his own at the "Top Hat" Club in New Jersey.
Since 1922 Mosiello was married to Antoinette Greco, to whom he dedicated his composition "Antoinette, I Love You". They had a son and a daughter.
Mike Mosiello died of pancreatic cancer in Asbury Park, New Jersey; he was only 56.
Compositions.
Since none of Mosiello's many compositions seem to have been published the only source for these are the credits on the original records issued. Below is a list of known such Mosiello compositions and issues:
A few of these records have been reissued on the CD "Grey Gull Rarities" from Jazz Oracle .
Sources.
"This article is based on the corresponding article in the Swedish Wikipedia."

</doc>
<doc id="7000634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000634" title="List of archaic technological nomenclature">
List of archaic technological nomenclature

Archaic technological nomenclature are forms of speech and writing which, while once commonly used to describe a particular process, method, device, or phenomenon, have fallen into disuse due to the advance of science and technology. Such archaism is inevitable where continual re-invention and discovery makes technical concepts, names and descriptions redundant.
Context.
As technology evolves, new names are required to describe the products, services, processes, methods, and devices invented. Often, the first names and phrases brought into use by are by the inventor(s), by journalists covering the development, and marketers trying to sell the services and products. Other terms were developed by the public to explain the technology that they used. Some of these terms were initially widely used, then fell out of the common vernacular. Others failed to "catch on" and never entered common usage in the first place. Sometimes, the technologies themselves were superseded, and the term fell into disuse.
In the history of science, forms of words are often coined to describe newly observed phenomena. Sometimes the words chosen reflect assumptions about the phenomenon which later turn out to be erroneous. In most cases, the original forms of words then become archaic and fall into disuse, with notable exceptions.
This list documents such archaisms.

</doc>
<doc id="7000637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000637" title="Clinton Peake">
Clinton Peake

Clinton John Peake (born 25 March 1977 in Geelong, Victoria) is a former Australian first-class cricketer.
In his early career, Peake, a batsman, was selected as part of the Australian under-19s cricket team, which he captained in the 1994/95 season at 17 years of age. He scored 304 against Indian Youth in a match in Melbourne that season, the highest score in a U19 international match.
In the 1995/96 season, Peake made his first-class debut with the Victorian Bushrangers at just 18 years of age. He played six matches (and one List A match) but did not live up to the potential of his under-19s performances and was soon dropped. He did not play a Sheffield Shield match in 1996/97, with only one List A performance to his name.
Peake then spent three seasons in the wilderness before returning to the Bushrangers in the 1999/2000 season, still only 22 years of age. He played one first-class match that season, where he again failed, making scores of 1 and 4. He was retained for 2000/01, but again struggled, averaging 6.33 with the bat over three one-day matches, and 17.66 in four first-class innings.
These performances effectively ended his first-class career, and he headed back to his hometown of Geelong to play for the Geelong Cricket Club in Victorian Premier Cricket.
Personal life.
His son Oliver Peake made his debut as a cricketer for Victoria in 2024-25.

</doc>
<doc id="7000639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000639" title="The Houndcats">
The Houndcats

The Houndcats is an American Saturday morning cartoon series produced by DePatie–Freleng Enterprises. The series was broadcast by NBC from September 9 to December 2, 1972, with reruns continuing until September 1, 1973. Thirteen episodes were produced.
Plot.
Loosely based on the CBS adventure series "" and the short-lived 1971 series "Bearcats!", it was headed by a combined team of (three) dogs and (two) cats, hence the name, as they go on spy missions in 1914 America.
Each episode begins with the Houndcats receiving orders from their unseen "Chief", whose message is played on an old-fashioned gramophone, player-piano or other devices, parodying the tape recorder scene at the start of most episodes of "Mission: Impossible". However, the words "this message will self-destruct in five seconds", always takes the Houndcats by surprise, causing them to run away from the explosion.
Production.
13 half-hour episodes of the series were produced. An adult laugh track was added, as was common practice for cartoon series at the time.
Home media.
In October 2015, Film Chest Media Group released "The Barkleys and The Houndcats - 2 DVD Classic Animation Set" on DVD in Region 1. This collection features all 13 episodes of the series on DVD.
Syndication.
The show was previously syndicated by Viacom International, which is now CBS Television Distribution (later known as CBS Media Ventures).

</doc>
<doc id="7000644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000644" title="History of postage in the Chinese People's Republic">
History of postage in the Chinese People's Republic



</doc>
<doc id="7000646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000646" title="Gungan Battle Wagon">
Gungan Battle Wagon



</doc>
<doc id="7000647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000647" title="Neo-Geo (console)">
Neo-Geo (console)



</doc>
<doc id="7000651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7000651" title="Student Islamic Movement of India">
Student Islamic Movement of India



</doc>
