<doc id="7049805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049805" title="The Children of Húrin">
The Children of Húrin

The Children of Húrin is an epic fantasy novel which forms the completion of a tale by J. R. R. Tolkien. He wrote the original version of the story in the late 1910s, revising it several times later, but did not complete it before his death in 1973. His son, Christopher Tolkien, edited the manuscripts to form a consistent narrative, and published it in 2007 as an independent work. The book is illustrated by Alan Lee. The story is one of the three "Great Tales" set in the First Age of Tolkien's Middle-earth, the other two being "Beren and Lúthien" and "The Fall of Gondolin". 
The book was mostly well received by critics, though some found it overblown or too fragmentary. Some critics wondered if it was suitable only for existing Tolkien aficionados, given the prose style and the large cast of characters, while others thought that despite its flaws it had the potential to reach a wider readership. Scholars have identified multiple themes in the tale, including evil, free will, predestination, heroism, courage, and the noble outlaw in the wilderness. The book's initial sales were double the U.S. publisher's expectations; it reached number one on "The New York Times" Hardcover Fiction Best Seller list.
Background.
Author.
J. R. R. Tolkien was an English author and philologist of ancient Germanic languages, specialising in Old English, the language of the Anglo-Saxons; he spent much of his career as a professor at the University of Oxford. He is best known for his novels about his invented Middle-earth, "The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings", and for the posthumously published "The Silmarillion" which provides a more mythical narrative about earlier ages.
The story of "The Children of Húrin" is one of Tolkien's three "great tales" set in the First Age of Middle-earth, the other two being "Beren and Lúthien" and "The Fall of Gondolin".
In-universe.
Middle-earth is populated by Men, Elves, Dwarves, and Orcs, as well as divine beings, Valar and Maiar. The history and descent of the main characters begins five hundred years before the action of the book, when the evil Vala Morgoth escapes from the Blessed Realm of Valinor to the north-west of Middle-earth. From his fortress of Angband, he endeavours to gain control of the whole of Middle-earth, unleashing a war with the Elves that dwell in the land of Beleriand to the south. However, the Elves manage to stay his assault, and most of their realms remain unconquered; one of the most powerful of these is Doriath, ruled by Thingol. Later, the Noldorin Elves forsake Valinor and pursue Morgoth to Middle-earth to take vengeance upon him. Together with the Sindar of Beleriand, they lay siege to Angband, and establish new strongholds and realms in Middle-earth, including Hithlum ruled by Fingon, Nargothrond by Finrod Felagund and Gondolin by Turgon.
Three centuries pass, during which the first Men appear in Beleriand. These are the Edain, descendants of those Men who have rebelled against the rule of Morgoth's servants and journeyed westward. Most of the Elves welcome them, and they are given fiefs throughout Beleriand. The House of Bëor rules over the land of Ladros, the Folk of Haleth retreat to the forest of Brethil, and the lordship of Dor-lómin is granted to the House of Hador. Later, other Men enter Beleriand, the Easterlings, many of them in secret league with Morgoth. Eventually Morgoth manages to break the Siege of Angband in the Battle of Sudden Flame. The House of Bëor is destroyed and the Elves and Edain suffer heavy losses, but the realm of Dor-lómin remains unconquered; its lordship has passed to Húrin.
Plot summary.
Túrin, son of Húrin is a Man who lives in Dor-lómin. Húrin is taken prisoner by Morgoth after the Battle of Unnumbered Tears; Túrin is sent by his mother, Morwen, to live in the Elf-realm Doriath for protection after Easterlings invade their hometown. Morwen gives birth to Niënor, a girl. Morgoth curses Húrin and all his family, that evil will befall them for their whole lives.
King Thingol of Doriath takes Túrin as a foster-son. Túrin befriends Beleg, an expert hunter. Túrin accidentally causes the death of the King's counsellor Saeros, who attempts to jump a ravine while fleeing a wrathful Túrin. Túrin refuses to return to Doriath to face judgement and lives as an outlaw. Thingol pardons him and lets Beleg search for him.
Túrin becomes captain of a band of outlaws. Beleg locates the band while Túrin is absent; the outlaws leave him tied to a tree until he agrees to give them information. Túrin returns in time to cut Beleg free and, horrified by the outlaws' actions, resolves to forsake his cruel habits. Beleg tells him of the king's pardon but Túrin refuses to return to Doriath. Túrin and his men capture Mîm, a Petty-dwarf, who leads them to the caves at Amon Rûdh. Beleg returns to Túrin, who welcomes him. The outlaws resent the elf's presence and Mîm grows to hate him. Mîm betrays the outlaws to orcs; Túrin's entire band is killed, save for Beleg and Túrin. The orcs take Túrin towards Angband, leaving Beleg chained to a rock. Beleg escapes and pursues Túrin. Beleg happens across a mutilated elf, Gwindor of Nargothrond, sleeping in the forest of Taur-nu-Fuin. They enter the orc camp at night and carry Túrin, asleep, from the camp. Beleg begins to cut Túrin's bonds with his sword Anglachel, but the sword slips and cuts Túrin. Túrin, mistaking Beleg for an orc, kills Beleg with his own sword. When a flash of lightning reveals Beleg's face, Túrin falls into a frenzy. He refuses to leave Beleg's body until morning, when Gwindor is able to bury the elf. Túrin takes Anglachel but remains witless with grief.
Túrin and Gwindor proceed to Nargothrond. Túrin becomes King Orodreth's chief counsellor and commander of his forces, and leads the Elves to considerable victories. Against all advice, Túrin refuses to hide Nargothrond from Morgoth or to avoid full-scale battle. Morgoth sends an orc-army commanded by the dragon, Glaurung; Nargothrond is defeated. The orcs, crossing easily over the bridge that Túrin had built, sack Nargothrond. Túrin returns as the prisoners are led away by the orcs, and encounters Glaurung. The dragon enchants and tricks him into returning to Dor-lómin to seek out Morwen and Niënor instead of rescuing the prisoners—among whom is Finduilas, Orodreth's daughter, who loved him.
In Dor-lómin, Túrin learns that Morwen and Niënor are in Doriath, and that Glaurung deceived him into letting Finduilas go to her death. He tracks Finduilas' captors to the forest of Brethil, only to learn she has been murdered. Grief-stricken, Túrin seeks sanctuary among the folk of Haleth. Túrin renames himself "Turambar", "Master of Doom" in Quenya, and gradually supplants Brandir, Brethil's lame chieftain.
In Doriath, Morwen and Niënor hear rumours of Túrin's deeds; Morwen determines either to find Túrin or to hear news of his death. Against Thingol's advice, she rides out of Doriath alone; Niënor conceals herself among Mablung's riders whom Thingol sends to follow and protect Morwen. At Nargothrond, Mablung encounters Glaurung, who scatters the elves. Glaurung discovers Niënor's identity and enchants her so that her mind is made blank; she forgets her name and how to speak.
Mablung attempts to return to Doriath alone with Niënor. The two become stranded in the wilderness, and in an orc attack, Niënor runs into the woods and is lost. She collapses near Brethil on the grave of Finduilas, where Turambar finds her. He brings her back to the town, where she recovers the use of speech, but with no memory of her past life. Niënor and Turambar fall in love. They marry, not realising their kinship, and Niënor becomes pregnant.
Glaurung returns to exterminate the men of Brethil. Turambar leads an expedition to cut him off, and stabs Glaurung from beneath. As Glaurung lies dying, Turambar pulls his sword from the dragon's belly; blood spurts onto his hand and burns him. He faints; Niënor finds him and mistakes his swoon for death. In a last effort of malice, Glaurung opens his eyes and informs her that she and Turambar are brother and sister. Glaurung dies, and his spell of forgetfulness passes from Niënor. Remembering that her unborn child was begotten in incest, she drowns herself. When Turambar wakes, Brandir informs him of Niënor's death and of their true relationship as siblings, as he had overheard the dragon's words. Turambar accuses Brandir of leading Niënor to her death and publishing Glaurung's lies. He kills Brandir. Mablung confirms Brandir's tale, and Turambar kills himself with his sword.
The main narrative ends with Túrin's burial. Appended to this is an extract from "The Wanderings of Húrin", which recounts how Húrin is at last released by Morgoth and comes to his children's grave. There he finds Morwen, who dies in her husband's arms.
Publication history.
"The Children of Húrin" was published on 17 April 2007, by HarperCollins in the United Kingdom and Canada, and by Houghton Mifflin in the United States. Alan Lee, illustrator of other fantasy works by J. R. R. Tolkien ("The Hobbit" and "The Lord of the Rings") created the jacket painting, as well as the 33 illustrations within the book, eight of them full-page and in colour. Christopher Tolkien included a description of the evolution of the tale, several genealogical tables, and a redrawn map of Beleriand in the book.
Analysis.
Source texts.
A brief version of the story formed the base of chapter 21 of "The Silmarillion", setting the tale in the context of the wars of Beleriand. Although based on the same texts used to complete the new book, the "Silmarillion" account leaves out the greater part of the tale. Other incomplete versions have been published in the "Narn i Hîn Húrin" in "Unfinished Tales"; "Turambar and the Foalókë", in "The Book of Lost Tales"; and "The Lay of the Children of Húrin", an early narrative poem in "The Lays of Beleriand". None of these constitute a complete and mature narrative. Christopher Tolkien assembled them as follows:
Editorial process.
Christopher Tolkien quoted his father's own words on his fictional universe, that he "had in mind to make a body of more or less connected legend... I would draw some of the great tales in fullness, and leave many only placed in the scheme, and sketched." He explained his editorial function as "presenting my father's long version of the legend of the Children of Húrin as an independent work, between its own covers, with a minimum of editorial presence, and above all in continuous narrative without gaps or interruptions, if this could be done without distortion or invention". Ethan Gilsdorf, reviewing the book, wrote of the editorial function that Christopher Tolkien "explains his editorial process this way: "While I have had to introduce bridging passages here and there in the piecing together of different drafts, there is no element of extraneous 'invention' of any kind, however slight." He had been criticized for having tampered with his father's text when constructing the connected narrative of "The Silmarillion". In Gilsdorf's view, Christopher Tolkien's words must be a "pre-emptive strike ... meant to allay the fears of Tolkien's most persnickety readers." Christopher Tolkien explained that in "Unfinished Tales" "the story breaks off at the point where Beleg, having at last found Túrin among the outlaws, cannot persuade him to return to Doriath (pp. 115-119 in the new text), and does not take up again until the outlaws encounter the Petty-dwarves." He states that he used "The Silmarillion" to fill the gap. He had already explained in "Unfinished Tales" how he had used the "Narn" and "The Silmarillion" to achieve a complete tale of Túrin: "I have contrived a narrative, in scale commensurate with other parts of the "Narn" out of the existing materials ...; but from that point onwards, I have found it unprofitable to attempt it... I have cited isolated fragments from this part of the projected larger narrative.
Influences.
The story, as already published in "The Silmarillion" and "Unfinished Tales", is mainly based on the legend of Kullervo, a character from Elias Lönnrot's compilation of Finnish folklore poems, the "Kalevala". Tolkien drew inspiration from the "Kalevala" for "The Story of Kullervo" in 1914, one of the earliest elements of his legendarium. This became the model for his tale of Túrin. Túrin (like Kullervo) also resembles Sigmund, the father of Sigurd in the Volsunga saga, in the incestuous relationship he had with his sister. In Richard Wagner's opera, "Die Walküre" (likewise drawn in part from the Volsung myths), Siegmund and Sieglinde are parallels of Túrin and Niënor. Túrin further resembles Sigurd himself, as both achieve great renown for the slaying of a dragon of immense power and magic. Turin's suicide following an exchange of words with his sword is lifted essentially unchanged from Kullervo's tale in Kalevala.
Tolkien mentioned Túrin's resemblance to figures from Classical, Finnish, and Norse tales in a letter:
The moral issues in "The Children of Húrin" have been compared to Tolkien's analysis of "The Battle of Maldon" that shows Tolkien's interest in the "theory of courage", and distinguish between arrogance and true courage. Túrin's decision to build a bridge at Nargothrond which enables the invasion by Morgoth's forces resembles the character Byrthtnoth from "The Battle of Maldon".
Themes.
The themes explored in the story include evil, free will and predestination. The book reflects also on heroism and courage. It has been suggested that Túrin's character is not only shaped by Morgoth's curse but that he himself is also partly responsible for his actions. The curse cannot completely control his free will, and Túrin displays traits like arrogance, pride and a desire for honour, that eventually cause the doom of his allies and family. Jesse Mitchell, in "Mythlore", compares Túrin both to the Byronic hero and to the absurd hero of Camus's "The Myth of Sisyphus". 
Philip Vogel and Kenton Sena, in "Journal of Tolkien Research", add the theme of the "noble outlaw archetype", which they compare to Joseph Campbell's American monomyth: Túrin sometimes thinks of himself as an outsider, but he comes from and returns to the Dor-lómin community. Further, they examine the role of wilderness, the perilous borderlands around civilized realms, in Túrin's life. Fleeing from Doriath, he goes into an exile of his own choosing in the wilderness, partly identifying as an outlaw fitting the "Wild Man archetype", partly rejecting the outlaws' desperate ways.
Reception.
The initial reviews following the publication of "The Children of Húrin" were mostly positive. Likening it to a Greek tragedy, the author Elizabeth Hand in "The Washington Post" called it "a bleak, darkly beautiful tale" which "possesses the mythic resonance and grim sense of inexorable fate". The screenwriter and novelist Frank Cottrell-Boyce, in "The Independent", described the chapter "The Death of Túrin" as "dry, mad, humourless, hard-going and completely brilliant". Bryan Appleyard of "The Sunday Times" set "The Children of Húrin" above other Tolkien writings, noting its "intense and very grown-up manner" and "a real feeling of high seriousness". Maurice Chittenden of "The Sunday Times" commented that "it may merit an X-certificate" for its many violent deaths. The novelist Philip Hensher in "The Daily Telegraph" wrote that there were many reasons to detest the book, and enumerated them, but relented for its powerful final episode "in which an incestuous passion and a battle with a great dragon enfold each other". He disagreed with Tolkien about what gave power to his writing: Tolkien thought it was its links to antiquity; Hensher, for its modernity, referencing imperialism not feudalism, and an elf capable of evil.
The book received negative reviews from the "Detroit Free Press" which called it "dull and unfinished", "Entertainment Weekly" which described it as "awkward and immature" with an "impenetrable forest of names ... overstuffed with strangled syntax", and "The Guardian", which stated that it was about "a derivative Wagnerian hero ... on a quasi-symbolic quest".
Other critics distinguished two audiences. Tom Deveson of "The Sunday Times" said that "although J. R. R. Tolkien aficionados will be thrilled, others will find "The Children of Hurin" barely readable". Kelly Grovier from "The Observer", on the other hand, stated that it "will please all but the most puritanical of his fans", referring to the scepticism about Christopher Tolkien's involvement. Jeremy Marshall of "The Times" generally echoed this, writing that "It is worthy of a readership beyond Tolkien devotees," although he thought it was flawed; he stated that "occasionally the prose is too stilted, the dialogue too portentous, the unexplained names too opaque". He presupposed that: "In "The Children of Húrin" we could at last have the successor to "The Lord of the Rings" that was so earnestly and hopelessly sought by Tolkien’s publishers in the late 1950s."
The Tolkien scholar Nicholas Birns commented that the book solves a longstanding problem, that Tolkien's Middle-earth writing is "really one giant work", whereas to a publisher, it consists of one complete novel, one children's book, and an enormous mass of background materials, some of them more or less consisting of stories. "The Children of Húrin" finally, in Birns's view, provides a "short, accessible" work from Tolkien's legendarium that can let people in; he contrasts this with Marcel Proust, whose admittedly great oeuvre remains hard to enter.
"The Children of Húrin" debuted at number one on "The New York Times" Hardcover Fiction Best Seller list. According to Houghton Mifflin, the U.S. publisher, 900,000 copies were in print worldwide in the first two weeks, double their initial expectations. HarperCollins, the U.K. publisher, claimed 330,000 copies were in print in the U.K. in the first two weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="7049810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049810" title="Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra">
Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra

The Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra () is an orchestra located in Belgrade, Serbia. It is regularly considered one of the finest in the country.
History.
Unlike most European countries and cities, Serbia and Belgrade were rather late in receiving a fine orchestra. Thus the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra was founded in 1923. Its founder, first director and chief conductor was Stevan Hristić, one of the most important Serbian composers and conductors. The inauguration concert of the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra took place on April 28, 1923 under the baton of maestro Hristić. 
With a steady increase in popularity of fine music in Serbia the orchestra and its programme expanded over the years building up to an exceptional level of musical performance reaching its peak in the 1960s. The Belgrade Philharmonic was ranked 5th best European orchestra by international experts, at the time when it was led by Živojin Zdravković.
The downfall of the orchestra occurred in 1990s. Due to the civil wars in Yugoslavia the Belgrade Philharmonic was banned from playing internationally for some time. As a consequence many musicians left the orchestra. Without funding, the orchestra rarely played. However, as the political situation in Serbia changed and the country welcomed back into the international community so was the orchestra.
After 2000 the orchestra was completely revived. It first toured Slovenia, Austria, Italy and Sweden. The young musicians, educated outside of Serbia in specialist musician centers arrived in at Belgrade Philharmonic creating a new image of the Orchestra, with an average age of just 28. In 2001, the Orchestra general manager became Ivan Tasovac, who stayed on that position until he became the Minister of Culture decade later.
In 2004, the performance hall in Belgrade was completely rebuilt and modernized to facilitate the new needs of the orchestra. The hall has a total of 201 seats. Most of the concerts, by tradition, take place in the Ilija M. Kolarac Endowment's Hall, while the "Central Hall" is used for special events. The Belgrade Philharmonic Foundation was set up in 2004 to improve the financial situation within the orchestra through sponsorship and cooperation. The foundation was successful and the whole orchestra renewed their instruments in 2005.
Present.
Currently the Belgrade Philharmonic Orchestra holds multiple concerts. Its season generally starts in October and ends in June. Its New Year's concert is very popular and is held in the large Sava Centar performance hall in Belgrade. For its New Year's concert, the orchestra is usually conducted by a special guest.
The Belgrade Philharmonic Hall is modernly equipped, located in central Belgrade. Therefore this is where many of the Orchestra's concerts are held. Besides usual orchestra rehearsals, the Belgrade Philharmonic Hall lends itself to soloists, chamber and other orchestra performances, as well as to promotions, presentations, jubilees and exhibitions. The hall has exceptional acoustics. The appealing interior of the Belgrade Philharmonic Hall attracts numerous renowned companies to promote their products, present their services, as well as to hold their jubilees. Among those there were the American Economic Chamber, and companies like Roche, Pharma Swiss, Common Sense, "Atika Media" and many others. The Belgrade Philharmonic Hall has been the setting for many commercials and videos.
Chief conductors.
The Orchestra was consequently led by eminent conductors: Lovro Matačić, Oskar Danon, Mihajlo Vukdragović, Krešimir Baranović, Živojin Zdravković, Angel Šurev, Anton Kolar, Horst Ferster, Jovan Šajnović, Vassily Sinaisky, Emil Tabakov, Uroš Lajovic, Dorian Wilson and from September 2010 to June 2015 Muhai Tang.
Guest artists.
A great number of renowned conductors and soloists have appeared with the Orchestra, including: Rafael Kubelík, Malcolm Sargent, sir Colin Davis, André Navarra, Karl Boehm, Leopold Stokowski, Kiril Kondrashin, Genady Rozhdestvensky, Lorin Maazel, Aaron Copland, Zubin Mehta, Yehudi Menuhin, David Oistrakh, Isaac Stern, Henryk Szering, Leonid Kogan, Mstislav Rostropovich, Julian Lloyd Webber, Arthur Rubinstein, Sviatoslav Richter, Emil Gilels, Bruno Brun, Milenko Stefanović, Ernest Ačkun, Ante Grgin, Božidar Milošević, Radmila Bakočević, Biserka Cvejić, Miroslav Čangalović, Dušan Trbojević, Rudolf Kempf, Gidon Kremer, Ivo Pogorelić, Tatjana Olujić, Gustav Kuhn, Ivan Fischer, Vladimir Krainev, Maksim Vengerov, Julian Rachlin, Valery Afanassiev, Dorian Wilson, Nigel Kennedy, Sarah Chang, Muhai Tang.

</doc>
<doc id="7049811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049811" title="Colin Blakely">
Colin Blakely

Colin George Edward Blakely (23 September 1930 – 7 May 1987) was a Northern Irish stage and screen actor. He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his performance in Sidney Lumet's "Equus" (1977), and was nominated twice for a Best Actor in Television (1970, 1987). He was also an Olivier Award nominee. 
According to the British Film Institute, Blakely's "chunky form and rumpled, good-natured features tended to direct him towards hero's-friend roles, but there was also an impressive toughness and intensity about his work."
Early life.
Blakely was born in Bangor, County Down, the son of Victor and Dorothy Blakely (née Ashmore). His mother was a singer in the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and his father owned a sports retail shop in Belfast. He attended Sedbergh School in Yorkshire (now Cumbria), England. 
At the age of 18, he started work in his family's sports goods shop in Belfast, before going on to work as a timber-loader on the railways. In 1957, after a spell of amateur dramatics with the Bangor Drama Club, he turned professional with the Group Theatre, Belfast.
Career.
Theatre.
In 1957, at the age of 27, Blakely made his stage debut as Dick McCardle in "Master of the House". He also appeared in several Ulster Group Theatre productions, including Gerard McLarnon's "Bonefire" (1958) and Patricia O'Connor's "A Sparrow Falls" (1959). From 1957 to 1959 he was at the Royal Court Theatre, appearing in "Cock-A-Doodle Dandy", "Serjeant Musgrave's Dance" and, to critical approval, "The Naming of Murderers Rock". In 1961, he joined the Royal Shakespeare Company at Stratford-upon-Avon and from 1963 to 1968 was with the National Theatre at the Old Vic.
Among the many stage plays in which he appeared were "The Recruiting Officer", "Saint Joan", "The Royal Hunt of the Sun", "Filumena Marturano", "Volpone" and "Oedipus". He returned to the Royal Shakespeare in 1972 in Harold Pinter's "Old Times" and was subsequently in many West End plays.
In 1977, he was nominated for the Olivier Award for Actor of the Year in a New Play for his performance in "Just Between Ourselves".
Film.
Notable film roles included Maurice Braithwaite in "This Sporting Life" (1963), Vahlin in "The Long Ships" (1964), Sir Thomas More's house servant Matthew in "A Man for All Seasons" (1966), Dr. Watson to Robert Stephens's Holmes in Billy Wilder's "The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes" (1970), and Joseph Stalin in Jack Gold's "Red Monarch" (1983). In the 1975 British film, "It Shouldn't Happen to a Vet", derived from the James Herriot books, Blakely played the eccentric Siegfried Farnon. (Blakely's "Son of Man" co-star Robert Hardy would play the role in the 1978-1990 BBC television series "All Creatures Great and Small".)
Blakely also appeared in "Young Winston" (1972), "The National Health" (1973), "Murder on the Orient Express" (1974), "The Pink Panther Strikes Again" (1976), "Equus" (1977), "The Dogs of War" (1980), "Nijinsky" (1980) and "Evil Under the Sun" (1982). 
His last film role was as Peppone in the Italian comedy "The World of Don Camillo" (1984), directed by and starring Terence Hill.
Television.
On television, Blakely appeared in the "Armchair Theatre" series in 1962, episode "The Hard Knock" and director Charles Crichton unusually cast Blakely in two different roles during the same run of episodes of the 1967 series "Man in a Suitcase".
In 1969, Blakely's controversial role as an anguished Jesus Christ in Dennis Potter's "Son of Man" gained him wide recognition. From that time onwards, he was a regular on British television, and in the same year played the leading role in a BBC adaptation of Anthony Trollope's "The Way We Live Now".
A noted Shakespearean actor, Blakely appeared on television as Antony in "Antony and Cleopatra" (1981), directed by Jonathan Miller as part of the BBC Television Shakespeare series; and as Kent in the 1983 Granada Television version of "King Lear" which starred Laurence Olivier. Other television appearances included "Loophole" (1981), "The Beiderbecke Affair" (1985), "Operation Julie" (1985) and "Paradise Postponed" (1986).
Personal life.
Blakely was married to British actress Margaret Whiting for 26 years and had three sons, including twins. 
Death.
Blakely died of leukaemia, aged 56, in London on May 7, 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="7049815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049815" title="Thomas Bothwell Jeter">
Thomas Bothwell Jeter

Thomas Bothwell Jeter (October 13, 1827May 20, 1883) was the 79th Governor of South Carolina from September 1, 1880 to November 30, 1880. His home in Union, South Carolina is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Early life and war service.
Born in Santuc, South Carolina, north of Carlisle in Union County, Jeter attended and graduated from South Carolina College in 1846. He was admitted to the bar 1848 and practiced law in the Upstate while concurrently holding the position of president of the Spartanburg and Union Railroad. Additionally during antebellum, he was elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives in 1856. With the outbreak of the American Civil War in 1861, Jeter volunteered for service in the Confederate Army and was made a captain of infantry.
Political career.
After the war, Jeter resumed his law practice. He was elected to the South Carolina Senate in 1872, after becoming disenchanted by Radical Republican rule of the state during Reconstruction. He continued to serve in the Senate and became the President Pro Tempore in November 1877, because of the mass resignations of Republicans after their party's defeat in the gubernatorial election of 1876. The Republicans thereby gave control of the Senate to the Democrats. Wade Hampton won re-election in 1878 for another two-year term, but did not finish the term because he resigned in 1879 after being elected to the U.S. Senate.
Lieutenant Governor William Dunlap Simpson succeeded Hampton and Jeter as the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, as Jeter became the Lieutenant Governor. When Simpson resigned on September 1, 1880, upon appointment to be the Chief Justice of the South Carolina Supreme Court, Jeter became the 79th governor of South Carolina and served for three months.
Service in the Railroad Commission and death in office.
In 1882, Jeter was appointed to the South Carolina Railroad Commission and served until his death on May 20, 1883. He was buried at Forestlawn Cemetery in Union.
Legacy.
The Gov. Thomas B. Jeter House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="7049816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049816" title="Benham House">
Benham House

The Benham House is a historic house located at 280-282 South Main Street in Canandaigua, Ontario County, New York.
Description and history.
It was built in about 1876, and is a two-story, three-bay wide, Italianate-style brick dwelling. It features a low hipped roof topped by a cupola with cast iron cresting, full-width front porch, and two-story projecting bay window.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 26, 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="7049822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049822" title="Billback">
Billback

Billback or bill back is an accounting service or suite of software that is used for cost recovery.
With a billback system, the client or payer is charged a low initial fee, basically a percentage of the total cost of equipment, services, and venues, but is later billed back additional fees, which usually show up in the month after the transaction occurred. Billback systems track usage from concert halls to toothpicks, add the costs up, divide it all out, and calculate the price per usage by hours, minutes, seconds, pieces, visits, clicks, views etc.
Computerized billback systems are useful for occasions that were traditionally difficult to keep track of and where costs were covered with a blanket revenue. By tracking usage, running costs of equipment such as copy machines and phones can be precisely attributed, and their initial costs may be recovered with more certainty. The ROI can be calculated more accurately. This, in turn, assists in making future investment choices.

</doc>
<doc id="7049827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049827" title="John Farmer (author)">
John Farmer (author)

John Farmer (June 12, 1789 – August 13, 1838) was an American historian and genealogist, born in Chelmsford, Massachusetts. He was the son of John Farmer and Lydia Richardson. He is buried at Concord, New Hampshire.
Farmer is considered the founder of systematic genealogy in America. Before Farmer's efforts, tracing one's genealogy was seen as an attempt by American colonists to secure a measure of social standing, an aim that was counter to the new republic's egalitarian, future-oriented ethos (as outlined in the Constitution). As Fourth of July celebrations commemorating the Founding Fathers and the heroes of the Revolutionary War became increasingly popular, however, the pursuit of "antiquarianism", which focused on local history, became increasingly acceptable as a way to honor the achievements of early Americans. He was elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1819.
Farmer capitalized on the increasing acceptability of antiquarianism to frame genealogy within the early republic's ideological framework of pride in one's American ancestors. He corresponded with other antiquarians in New England, where antiquarianism and genealogy were well established, and became a coordinator, booster, and contributor to the burgeoning movement. In the 1820s, he and fellow antiquarians began to produce genealogical and antiquarian tracts in earnest, slowly gaining a devoted audience among the American people. Though Farmer died in 1839, his efforts led to the creation of the New England Historical and Genealogical Society, which publishes the "New England Historical and Genealogical Register." The society is one of New England's oldest and most prominent organizations dedicated to the acquisition, preservation, and dissemination of public records and private monuments that would otherwise have decayed and been forgotten.
In addition to editing the first volume of Belknap's "History of New Hampshire" (1831), Farmer published a valuable "Genealogical Register of the First Settlers of New England" (1829); histories of Billerica, Massachusetts, (1816), and Amherst, New Hampshire, (1820), and, in collaboration with J. B. Moore, "A Gazetteer of New Hampshire", (1823). His "Genealogical Register" was revised and significantly extended by James Savage in 1860 to create "A Genealogical Dictionary of the First Settlers of New England" which is still a popular reference work.
Bibliography.
This list represents Farmer's principal works, as extracted from The Register article of 1847.

</doc>
<doc id="7049828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049828" title="Naranjo de Bulnes">
Naranjo de Bulnes

The Naranjo de Bulnes (known as Picu Urriellu in Asturian) is a limestone peak dating from the Paleozoic Era, located in the Macizo Central region of the Picos de Europa, Asturias (Spain). Its name "Picu Urriellu" is believed to be derived from the term "Los Urrieles", which is used to describe the Macizo Central. Naranjo de Bulnes is part of the Cabrales region of Asturias, and lies within the Picos de Europa National Park.
The first written reference to "Picu Urriellu" as "Naranjo de Bulnes" is credited to the German geologist and engineer, Wilhelm Schulz, who, in 1855, published the first topographic and geological map of Asturias. As far as is known the etymology of this name is not clear, because, historically, the local inhabitants always referred to the mountain as "Picu Urriellu". It has been suggested that the name can be attributed to the orange hue of the limestone from which the peak is formed. The local residents of Bulnes have a saying concerning the contentious name: "No me llameis Naranjo, pues fruto no puedo dar, llamadme Picu Urriellu que es mi nombre natural". (Don't call me Orange tree, because fruit I cannot bear, call me Picu Urriellu which is my natural name).
It has an altitude of 2,529 metres and although it is by no means the highest peak of the Cantabrian mountain range, it can be considered the best-known summit in the world of Spanish mountaineering, especially the 550m high vertical wall of the west face for big wall climbing. At its foot lies Vega Urriellu, a glacial valley from the quaternary period.
Historic ascents.
This mountain was first scaled via the north face (by the route now known as the Vía Pidal) on 5 August 1904 by Pedro Pidal, 1st Marquess of Villaviciosa de Asturias, accompanied by the shepherd Gregorio Perez, called "El Cainejo" based on his place of birth, Caín in León.
The German geology professor and expert mountain climber Gustav Schulze made the second ascent of Urriellu on 1 October 1906, also via the north face, making him the first man to make the climb solo. He was also the first to use climbing pins to rappel down the south face. Accustomed to the large cliffs of the Alps and the Dolomites, Schulze described the climb as short and difficult.
Using the same face and route as Pidal, Victor Martínez Campillo, a local of the nearby town of Bulnes, made the ascent on 31 August 1916. On this climb, Campillo recovered parts of the rope that Pidal and Perez had left attached to the rock during their descent from the peak. He made the same climb again on 22 September 1923, and on 19 August 1924, also opened a more gentle route, located to the left of the south face and now known as Vía Victor.
On 7 July 1928, the mountaineer Andrés Espinosa from Biscay scaled the south face alone without ropes. This was only the second climb of this kind on the mountain and the first at a national standard.
One month later, on 8 August, Manuel Martinez Campillo (a cousin of Victor) opened a new path known as the Horizontal Pass. This route was created to the right of the south face and has since become one of the most used routes.
On 13 August 1944, two sons of Victor Martínez, Alfonso and Juan, opened the route on the south face known as the "Vía Sur", or the "Martínez Direct Line", which is one of the most used and safest routes.
On 23 March 1954, Antonio Moreno, Rafael Pellús, Máximo Serna and Agustín Faus from the Peñalara High Mountain Group tried to make the first winter climb. This attempt was called off due to the threat of avalanches. On 8 March 1956, Ángel Landa Bidarte from the Baracaldo Alpine tourism group and Pedro Udaondo from the Bilbao Juventus mountain group were the first to succeed in reaching the summit in winter conditions.
On 21 August 1962, the Aragonese mountaineers Alberto Rabadá and Ernesto Navarro completed the first ascent via the difficult West Face.
On 8 February 1973, two parties, one formed by Miguel Ángel García Gallego (from Murcia) and José Ángel Lucas, and the other formed by César Pérez de Tudela and Pedro Antonio Ortega (from Ardilla), made the first winter climb using the "Vía Rabadá y Navarro" on the West Face. This ascent was followed closely by the media as that winter had already claimed several lives and a few spectacular rescues had been required.
On 4 September 2009, the brothers Iker and Eneko Pou conquered Urriellu in 8 hours via the Orbayu route, a path with one of the most difficult cliff faces in the world with a grade of 8c+/9a.
The "Pandébano Col" can also be reached from the town of Bulnes; however, this town can only be reached using a footpath or the Funicula railway. Although the most direct way of getting to the "Vega Urriellu" from Bulnes would be along the Balcosín channel and the "Majada de Camburero", this path is more difficult.
Climbing routes.
A list of the most important routes (most of which are for big wall climbing):
West Face
-Rabadá y Navarro (750m, MD+, 6a, A1 [6c+])
-Leiva. (500m, 7a / [6b,A1] )
-Sagitario. (200m, 6b)
-Directísima. (500m, 7b / [6a,A2] )
-Murciana 78. (500m, 7c+ / [6a,A2] )
-Mediterráneo. (500m, [6b,A3] )
-Pilar del Cantábrico. (500m, 8a+ / [6a,A2+] )
-Orbayu: The most difficult free climbing route yet open on any mountain. It was opened by the Pou brothers in September 2009[1] (500m high with a difficulty of 8c+y9a at some stages).
North Face
-Régil. (700m, V)
-Pidal-Cainejo. (450m, V). (1st ascent of Naranjo de Bulnes, August 5, 1904)
East Face
-Cepeda. (350m, 6a)
-Pájaro Loco. (200m, 6b)
-Martínez-Somoano. (250m, V+ expo)
-Amistad con el Diablo. (200m, V+ expo)
-Cainejo. (260m, 7b / [6a+, A1])
South Face
-Nani. (300m, V+)
-Directa Hermanos Martínez. (155m, V−)
-Invicto y Laureado. (160m, 6a+, obl. 6a)
-Me refugio en la bebida. (145m, 7a, obl. 6c)
-Pecadillu. (300m, 6c, obl. 6b).
The descent via the south face (by the South Direct Line) has 4 rappels, after descending through a part of "The Amphitheatre". This is an unstable region and there are loose rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="7049829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049829" title="Riobianco">
Riobianco



</doc>
<doc id="7049830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049830" title="M.J. Hibbett and The Validators">
M.J. Hibbett and The Validators



</doc>
<doc id="7049836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049836" title="German Army Aviation Corps">
German Army Aviation Corps

The German Army Aviation Corps () is a special unit within the German Armed Forces (Bundeswehr). The German Army Aviation Corps is a branch of the German Army ("Heer"), containing all its helicopter units. The German Air Force and the German Navy both also have their own helicopter units.
Identification.
The coat of arms of the German Army Aviation Corps depicts a red eagle, swooping down whilst carrying a sword in its claws. Members of the Army Aviation Corps wear a burgundy-coloured beret. The badge on the beret is a wing, crossed vertically by a sword, surrounded by oak leaves. The "Waffenfarbe" of the German Army Aviation Corps ( a means the German military uses to distinguish between different corps or troop functions in its armed services) is silver-grey. The epaulettes of members of the German Army Aviation corps are lined in silver-grey. The gorget patches are held in the same color with two vertical cords. The sleeves of the uniforms display the flying wings, emphasising their main task.
Tasks.
The main tasks of the Army Aviation Corps are:
Due to their manifold tasks, the German Army Aviation Corps cannot be classified as having any of the classic tasks of army units, namely leading and supporting the leadership, fighting and supporting the fighting force.
Most units of the Army Aviation Corps are incorporated into the Airmobile Operations Division ("Division Luftbewegliche Operationen"). This division was founded on 1 July 2002 and became operational on 8 October 2002.
History.
After the foundation of the Bundeswehr in 1955, the first head of the department of the German Army Aviation Corps, Colonel Horst Pape, was appointed on 7 November 1956.
During the next ten years, a great number of bases all over the territory of the Federal Republic of Germany were founded.
In the first instance, all the equipment was acquired from allied nations. However, from the late 1960s onwards, more emphasis was put on developing new technology with other European partners. Until 1990, the German Army Aviation Corps was restricted to see active service only during aid mission within Germany and NATO countries.
Since the unification of the Federal Republic of Germany with the German Democratic Republic in 1990, there have been several rounds of re-organizations within the Bundeswehr, also affecting the German Army Aviation Corps. A number of bases were closed down, and their units either dissolved or merged with other units. In 2002, most remaining units of the German Army Aviation Corps were incorporated into the Airmobile Operations Division ("Division Luftbewegliche Operationen") .
Furthermore, the role of the German Army Aviation Corps changed as well. Since the mid-1990s, it has been increasingly deployed in a support rôle in several countries for as varying bodies as the United Nations, NATO and the EU, first in Iraq after the 1st Gulf War, then on the Balkans with IFOR, KFOR, SFOR and EUFOR, and most recently in Afghanistan as part of ISAF and most recently in the Democratic Republic of the Congo as part of EUFOR RD Congo to support the UN mission MONUC to monitor the general elections in 2006. This mission began in June 2006 and ended with the last soldiers returning in December of the same year.
In October 2011 the German Federal Ministry of Defence announced a reorganisation/reduction of the German Armed Forces. As a consequence, the strength of Germany Army Aviation Corps was reduced. Flying operations at a number of air bases ceased and the respective units were dissolved. Other units were transferred to the German Air Force.
Since 2020 the German Army Aviation Corpse consists of one brigade level unit called Helicopter Command. This Brigade belongs to the Rapid Forces Division and is made up of three regiments, one school, brigade staff HQ and central support and maintenance center. 
Equipment.
The German Army Aviation Corps is equipped with:
Units.
Currently active regiments as part of Helicopter Command:
The following units were subordinate to Airmobile Operations Division, the division's headquarters being in Veitshöchheim:
The following units were part of Airmobile Brigade 1 of Airmobile Operations Division. The division's headquarters was in Fritzlar:
The following unit was not part of the Airmobile Operations Division but part of Air Transport Wing 62:
The following units operated independently:
The following units are or were part of the Army Aviation School. The school's headquarters is in Bückeburg:

</doc>
<doc id="7049839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049839" title="A scanner darkly">
A scanner darkly



</doc>
<doc id="7049841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049841" title="Sex Disqualification Removal Act">
Sex Disqualification Removal Act



</doc>
<doc id="7049842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049842" title="The Children of Hurin">
The Children of Hurin



</doc>
<doc id="7049843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049843" title="Submarine Bells">
Submarine Bells

Submarine Bells is the second studio album by New Zealand band the Chills, released in 1990. It was the band's first album on a major label, as Martin Phillipps signed to Warner Bros. Records subsidiary Slash Records to release the album in the United States. "Submarine Bells" reached number one on the New Zealand albums chart and had significant support from American college radio. The album was awarded gold status in New Zealand and represents the peak of the Chills' popularity at home. It is considered to be one of the defining albums of the Dunedin sound. The supporting tour for "Submarine Bells" culminated in a triumphant home-coming concert in Dunedin Town Hall.
Background.
The Chills released their debut studio album "Brave Words" in 1987; they had relocated to London earlier in the year. The band promoted it with a performance at Glastonbury Festival in June 1987 to over 60,000 people. After playing at the New Music Seminar in New York City, the band went on tours of the United Kingdom and mainland Europe. "House with a Hundred Rooms" was released as a single, reaching number 21 on the UK Independent Singles Chart. A tour of New Zealand and Australia followed at the end of the year. Drummer Caroline Easther left after New Year's, and was replaced by James Stephenson, formerly of Bygone Era. The Chills then embarked on a tour of the United States; coinciding with this, they signed to independent label Slash Records and major label Warner Bros. Records. Upon returning to London in early 1989, the band started working with Gary Smith for their next album "Submarine Bells".
Critical reception.
"Trouser Press" singled out the "splendorous title track", the "should-have-been-a-smash 'Heavenly Pop Hit'", and many other individual tracks, but chiefly praised the album for its overall cohesion and consistency – signs of the Chills' evolution from "a first-rate singles band" to a fully formed artistic venture with a "mature, restrained and affectingly personal approach". In his book "", musician and critic Scott Miller calls it "a dynamite whole album", and "the international star and culmination of" the Dunedin sound. He also ranks "Heavenly Pop Hit" among the year's best songs.
Chart performance and awards.
"Submarine Bells" was a huge success in the Chills' home country. It entered the New Zealand albums chart at No. 7 in June 1990 and reached No. 1 the following week, ultimately spending 14 weeks on the chart in total. The single "Heavenly Pop Hit" was released in July and peaked at No. 2 on the singles chart. Elsewhere, however, it made minimal commercial impact. The album charted at No. 90 in Australia, while in the UK and US, it did not chart, although "Heavenly Pop Hit" achieved some success on the UK Singles Chart and the US "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart. "Part Past Part Fiction" was released by Slash as a single in Australia, but did not enter the chart.
The album won Best Album at the 1990 New Zealand Music Awards, and "Heavenly Pop Hit" won Single of the Year.
Track listing.
All songs written by Martin Phillipps.

</doc>
<doc id="7049848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049848" title="Children of Hurin">
Children of Hurin



</doc>
<doc id="7049854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049854" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Baroque Music">
Grand Prix du Disque for Baroque Music



</doc>
<doc id="7049856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049856" title="Isaac Bell Jr.">
Isaac Bell Jr.

Isaac Bell Jr. (November 6, 1846 – January 20, 1889) was an American businessman and diplomat.
Early life.
Bell was born in New York City, the son of steamboat owner Isaac Bell (1814–1897) and Adelaide (née Mott) Bell (1828–1901). Bell was the 13th Isaac Bell of his line, with his ancestor landing on the shores of the New Haven colony in 1640. His two younger brothers were Louis Valentine Bell (1853–1925) and Edward Bell (1860–1902), who married Helen A. Wilmerding (1856–1936), a daughter of Henry A. Wilmerding. His sister was Mrs. James L. Barclay (d. 1893).
His maternal grandfather, Valentine Mott (1785–1865), was a prominent American surgeon who had been court surgeon to Louis Philippe of France.
He attended Harvard University in 1866 and 1867 as a member of the class of 1870, but left without graduating.
Career.
He was a successful cotton broker and investor. He was one of the key investors in the Commercial Cable Company that broke the Transatlantic cable monopoly.
In 1883, he built the Isaac Bell House, one of the famous Gilded Age summer "cottages" in Newport, Rhode Island. The house, designed by McKim, Mead, and White, is considered of the best remaining examples of Shingle Style architecture. In New York, he owned a unit in one of New York City's first cooperative duplex apartment buildings, the "Knickerbocker".
He was active in Rhode Island politics as a Democrat. President Grover Cleveland appointed him the U.S. Minister to the Netherlands, and he served from 1885 to 1888. He was also a delegate to the 1888 Democratic National Convention.
Personal life.
In 1878, he married Jeanette Gordon Bennett (d. 1936), daughter of New York Herald founder James Gordon Bennett Sr. and sister of publisher James Gordon Bennett Jr. Together, they were the parents of three children, one boy and two girls: Isaac Bell (b. 1879), who lived in Shaftesbury, England and was Master of Hounds for South and West Wilshire, Nora (née Bell) Ricardo, and Henrietta "Rita" (née Bell) d'Aramon (b. 1882).
In 1902, his daughter Rita became engaged to Count Raoul "Paul" d'Aramon (1876–1926), a twin son of Count Jacques d'Aramon and the Countess (an American who was born Mary Fischer who died in 1932). The wedding was postponed briefly in July 1902 due to the death of the Marquise d'Aramon. The couple eventually married in September 1902 at the Saint-Honoré-d'Eylau Church in Paris in what was described as a "Brilliant Social Function". The wedding was attended by Gen. Horace Porter, Mrs. Leach, Mrs. Scott, Mrs. Moore, Mrs. Frank Koster, Kendal Shaw, and Mrs. Austin Lee, but not by the bride's uncle, James Gordon Bennett Jr., as there was a reported coolness between him and his sister. After their marriage, the Count and Countess lived in Paris.
In January 1889, gravely ill from typhoid fever and pyaemia, he was brought by steamboat from Newport, R.I., to St. Luke's Hospital in New York City. He died there two weeks later. His funeral was held at Trinity Church, and he was buried in Green-Wood Cemetery in Brooklyn, New York. After his death, his family moved abroad and returned home occasionally to visit New York and Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="7049863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049863" title="Agrinar">
Agrinar

Agrinar SA is an Argentine agricultural machinery manufacturing company based in the city of Granadero Baigorria in Santa Fe Province, Argentina. The company focuses on agricultural vehicles, producing mainly tractors but also combine harvesters and backhoe loaders.
It was founded in 2002, utilizing a former Massey Ferguson factory and designs. A lawsuit from AGCO, Massey Ferguson's parent company, brought about design changes.
Products.
Combine harvesters.
Commercialised under the "Marani Agrimar" name:

</doc>
<doc id="7049867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049867" title="Igor (The Nightmare Before Christmas)">
Igor (The Nightmare Before Christmas)



</doc>
<doc id="7049869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049869" title="State Route 101 (Virginia pre-1928)">
State Route 101 (Virginia pre-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049870" title="State Route 101 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 101 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049872" title="State Route 103 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 103 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049873" title="State Route 104 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 104 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049875" title="Mayor (The Nightmare Before Christmas)">
Mayor (The Nightmare Before Christmas)



</doc>
<doc id="7049877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049877" title="State Route 1011 (Virginia 1924-1928)">
State Route 1011 (Virginia 1924-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049883" title="Biblical support for dystheism">
Biblical support for dystheism



</doc>
<doc id="7049884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049884" title="State Route 132 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 132 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049887" title="State Route 143 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 143 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049889" title="State Route 392 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 392 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049890" title="State Route 393 (Virginia 1923-1928)">
State Route 393 (Virginia 1923-1928)



</doc>
<doc id="7049893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049893" title="Allerton Mauleverer">
Allerton Mauleverer

Allerton Mauleverer is a village in North Yorkshire, England. It is part of the Allerton Mauleverer with Hopperton parish. The parish 
lies just east of the town of Knaresborough. The A1(M) runs through the area connecting London and Edinburgh.
From 1947 to 1998, Allerton Mauleverer was part of the Claro Registration District, until it was abolished. Until 1974 it was part of the West Riding of Yorkshire. From 1974 to 2023 it was part of the Borough of Harrogate, it is now administered by the unitary North Yorkshire Council.
In the 1870s, John Marius Wilson's Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales described Allerton Mauleverer as
The name Allerton Mauleverer originally meant "Aelfweard's farm/settlement". Referring to farm held by the Mauleverer family in the 12th century.
History.
Allerton obtained its distinguishing name from the family of Mauleverer, one of whom was named Richard. Although the family claimed to have come over with William the Conqueror, this is now believed to be based on a forged family tree of 1591. In the 1840s, Allerton Mauleverer was described as "The parish is wholly the property of Lord Stourton; and comprises 2170 acres, of which 1180 are arable, 820 meadow and pasture, and 170 woodland and plantations."
In 1086, King William was the lord of Allerton Mauleverer. At this period of time, the value to the Lord was £0.5 with a taxable value of 1.5 geld units, where in the same year the "Tenant-in-chief was also King William. In about 1105, Richard Mauleverer granted the church and some lands at Allerton to Holy Trinity Church of York.
During the Second World War, Allerton Castle, then home to Lord Mowbray, became the Headquarters of the Sixth Group of RAF Bomber Command which was the Royal Canadian Air Force component of the command.
St Martin's Church.
A church dedicated to Saint Martin was first built on the site by a member of the Mauleverer family in the late 12th or early 13th century. The present church was remodelled in 1745–46 by Richard Arundell, heir to the Mauleverers and MP for Knaresborough, adopting a neo-Norman style. St Martin's Church, Allerton Mauleverer was declared redundant on 1 December 1971, and was vested in the Trust on 27 July 1973.
In 1848, St Martin's Church was described as "an ancient cruciform structure. The late Duke of York resided here in 1786, 1787, and 1789."
Also in 1985, the Churchyard Wall and the Piers of the Church were awarded as Grade II listed buildings, and is currently under the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.
There are two burial grounds next to the church. One, which is only accessible from the west end of the site next to the road, is reserved for Roman Catholic burials. See 'External links' below for a survey of burials in both churchyards.
Temple of Victory.
The Temple of Victory is a folly gazebo in a prominent position – on a hill in the parish of Flaxby, now close to the A1 road. It is built of stone, with an eaves cornice, a plain parapet and a lead-domed roof. It has an octagonal plan with one storey on a basement. On three sides of the basement are doorways with fanlights and wrought iron balconies. The main entrance is on the southwest side and is approached by two flights of steps with wrought iron railings, and it has a shouldered architrave and a triangular pediment on consoles, all in a round-headed arch. There is a similar arch on the northeast side, two sides between have windows with architraves, and all these sides have balconies. The sides between these contain round-arched recesses and rectangular plaques. Surrounding the building are wrought iron railings on a stone plinth and two gates. The basement is divided into two rooms. The building was grade II* listed in 1966, but was heavily vandalised. A local legend claims that its construction atop a hill inspired the nursery rhyme, "The Grand Old Duke of York".
Population.
As the graph shows, in 1881 the Parish of Allerton Mauleverer with Hopperton had a population of over 250. But since then, the number of residents have gradually declined constantly until 1911. This as shown has fluctuated over time with its most significant decrease in the 1950s. There are reasons for this decline in population in the mid 19th century. One reasons is due to the growth of industrial districts in Lancashire and the North-East in the mid 19th century, where cotton textiles were produced. This caused the majority of small parishes in North Yorkshire to see a decline in residents because citizens moved to the industrial areas to look for a better life. The population also reflects the major decline in residents, from 160 in 1951 to 100 in 1961, due to the change in parish boundaries during the 1950s.
Occupation structure.
The pie chart below shows the occupational structure of Allerton Mauleverer in 1881. The graph below shows that the majority of occupations were of domestic service or offices and agriculture industry. The pie chart also shows a large proportion in unknown occupations.
Age structure.
The village has an ageing population, 49.3% of the population are 45 years old or over. Only 16% of the population are 15 years old or less. This shows that the population is ageing. Because of the low population of young people in the village, the population need to travel a distance to the nearest schools: Queen Ethelburga's Collegiate (3.1 miles), King James's school (3.9 miles) and Boroughbridge High School (4.8 miles). According to the 2001 census, the average distance travelled, by the local population, to a fixed place of work is 39.8 km. This shows that present day, the population have to commute to work to places such as Harrogate or York.
Geology.
The area is mostly formed by superficial deposits such as Diamiction. The bedrock contains mostly sandstone formed in the Triassic and Permian periods, when the local environment was previously dominated by rivers.
Services.
Whilst Allerton Mauleverer does not have direct access to a Post Office within immediate vicinity, the nearest Post Office is of that in Green Hammerton. Also, the village does not have direct access to a railway station, the nearest station is Cattal railway station (2.3 miles south-east). It is located on the Harrogate line 10.5 miles west of York.
Places of interest.
There is also a golf course nearby (2.6 miles), the Flaxby Golf &amp; Country resort, which features a par 72 18-hole course nearly 7,000 yards long. Within the golf club, an associated four star hotel and spa offer first class facilities for both members and visitors. (Now closed – 2017)
In Allerton Mauleverer itself, is Allerton Castle which has been described as "England's grandest and most elegant gothic revival stately home." Built by The Lord Mowbray, the premier Baron of England as a monumental statement of his position within the English aristocracy. Since the 1990s, Allerton Castle has been the location for many film and television productions including "The Secret Garden" and "Sherlock Holmes – The Sign of Four".

</doc>
<doc id="7049895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049895" title="Hopperton">
Hopperton

Hopperton is a village in the county of North Yorkshire, England. It is part of the Allerton Mauleverer with Hopperton parish. The village is situated close to the A59, the A1(M) and the A168. Cattal railway station is situated just under two miles from the village with services to Leeds, York and Harrogate. Until 1958, Hopperton had its own railway station next to a level crossing on the original A1 Great North Road. The village had one pub, the Mason Arms, which closed in 2020 and is now a dwelling house
. The nearest towns are Knaresborough to the west, and across the county border in West Yorkshire, Wetherby to the south west. The latter offers the closest large supermarket to Hopperton.
From 1974 to 2023 it was part of the Borough of Harrogate, it is now administered by the unitary North Yorkshire Council.

</doc>
<doc id="7049897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049897" title="Sociocognitive">
Sociocognitive

Sociocognitive or socio-cognitive is a term especially used when complex cognitive and social properties are reciprocally connected and essential for a given problem.
It has been used in academic literature with three different meanings: 
Socio-cognitive engineering.
Socio-cognitive research is human factor and socio-organizational factor based, and assumes an integrated knowledge engineering, environment and business modeling perspective, therefore it is not "social cognition" which rather is a branch of psychology focused on "how people process social information".
Socio-cognitive engineering (SCE) includes a set of theoretical interdisciplinary frameworks, methodologies, methods and software tools for the design of human centred technologies, as well as, for the improvement of large complex human-technology systems.
Both above approaches are applicable for the identification and design of a computer-based semi-/proto-Intelligent Decision Support Systems (IDSS), for the operators and managers of large socially critical systems, for high-risk tasks, such as different types of emergency and disaster management, where human errors and socio-cognitive organization vulnerability can be the cause of serious losses.

</doc>
<doc id="7049899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049899" title="Galena Park High School">
Galena Park High School

Galena Park High School is a secondary school located in Galena Park, Texas, United States and is one of three secondary schools in the Galena Park Independent School District (GPISD).
GPHS serves several areas: the city of Galena Park, the portion of Jacinto City south of Market Street, portions of Houston, and portions of unincorporated Harris County.
Origins.
The school was originally known as Clinton High School but changed its name to Galena Park High School (GPHS) in 1928 when the town of Clinton, Texas became incorporated as Galena Park, named for the Galena Oil Company. It was assimilated into the Galena Park Independent School District (GPISD) in 1930. In 1970, GPISD closed the doors of Fidelity Manor High School and integrated the African-American population of that school into the ranks of GPHS and its feeder schools.
Campus.
The school moved into its first permanent building in 1929 on the site of the current Galena Park Middle School (GPMS). That building became Galena Park Junior High until it was torn down to build the current GPMS. GPHS moved into its current location at 1000 Keene Street in Galena Park in March 1950. The 1,500-seat auditorium and the band and choir wings were added in 1953. A new wing on the north side of campus was built in 1956 adding a new gym and more classroom space. A new library was added in 1964 allowing for more classroom space and books. In 1994 a new library, front office, science wing and cafeteria were added during a major facelift of the school. During a 2004 construction the Arthur C. Lilly Center, the Johnnie Rountree Performing Arts Center and the new field house at Dement Field were all constructed and the entire school was given a facelift which included new dining areas and renovations in all three gymnasiums.
Principals.
Billy Bob Backer was the first principal from 1928 until 1930. Mr. A. T. Johnson served as principal from 1930 until 1933. Mr. Don Slocomb became principal in 1933 and remained until 1952. From 1942-1945 Harold Dement was the acting principal while Mr. Slocomb served in the armed forces during World War II. Mr. John W. Hoke became the longest serving principal of GPHS, serving from 1952 until 1977. In 1977 Mr. Wayne Lucky became the principal and in 1986 the school was again remodeled adding space to the growing school. In 1990 Mr. Bill Burnett became the Principal of GPHS and remained until 1993, when George Banda took over those duties. In 1998, Mr. Arnold Ramirez became the Principal of GPHS and remained until 2000, when he moved into the GPISD administration. In 2000, GPHS ushered in the 21st Century with its first female principal, Mrs. Marsha Masi. Mrs. Masi presided over another school remodeling. During the 2004 construction the Arthur C. Lilly Center, the Johnnie Rountree Fine Arts Center and the new field house at Dement Field were all constructed and the entire school was given a facelift which included new dining areas and renovations in all three gymnasiums. Mrs Masi implemented many new and innovative courses for the students of GPHS many of which offered student instruction in the career field of their choice. Students could receive college credit while still in high school. After 7 successful years for Mrs. Masi, Mr. Steven Kinney became principal for the 2007-2008 school year until he resigned due to illness in 2010 and was replaced by Tony Gardea, an alumnus of Galena Park High School.
School Programs.
The following programs are offered at GPHS:
Band.
Choir
References.
Galena Park High School Campus

</doc>
<doc id="7049909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049909" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Opera">
Grand Prix du Disque for Opera



</doc>
<doc id="7049919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049919" title="Maksim Grek">
Maksim Grek



</doc>
<doc id="7049920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049920" title="Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati">
Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati

The Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati were founded in 1852 by Mother Margaret Farrell George, by the separation of the community from the Sisters of Charity in Emmitsburg, Maryland. The motherhouse of the community is at Mount Saint Joseph, Ohio.
History.
Catholics were few and far between in Cincinnati and throughout Ohio in the early decades of the nineteenth century. Most were poor Germans, but their number also included many of Swiss and Irish descent. The area around Cincinnati was initially part of the diocese of Bardstown, Kentucky. On 19 June 1821 the diocese of Cincinnati was created with Edward D. Fenwick appointed the first bishop.
The religious community of the Sisters of Charity was founded by Elizabeth Ann Seton in 1809 in Emmitsburg, Maryland. It was the first community of religious women native to the United States. In 1829, four Sisters of Charity from Emmitsburg traveled 15 days by stage coach to Cincinnati, Ohio, at the request of Bishop Fenwick. At that time the Diocese of Cincinnati encompassed all of the state of Ohio and Michigan Territory. The sisters opened St. Peter's Girl's Orphan Asylum and School.
Cincinnati experienced serious cholera epidemics in 1832–33 and in the summer of 1849. In the summer of 1833 alone, Cincinnati averaged 40 deaths per day, with the immigrant population most heavily affected. Estimates are that 4 percent of the city's population died during this epidemic. The Sisters responded by providing health care and by caring for the suddenly increased numbers of orphans. In addition to the school and orphanage, they were involved in the “Mary and Martha Society” to visit the sick.
Superiors at Emmitsburg decided in 1850 to establish formal affiliation with the Daughters of Charity based in France, but seven Sisters in Cincinnati, including Superior Margaret Cecilia Farrell George, voted to decline affiliation on the basis that their foundress, Elizabeth Seton, intended that the community she founded be based in America. Sister Margaret George had entered the community at Emmitsburg early in 1812 and had filled the office of treasurer and secretary of the community, teaching in the academy during most of Mother Seton's life. The Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati became an independent diocesan order. Soon after foundation of the diocesan community, the Sisters opened St. Vincent's Asylum for Boys. In 1854 the Sisters founded Mount St. Vincent's Academy, Cedar Grove, Price Hill, which later became Seton High School. A mission in Dayton, Ohio, was established in 1857. In 1920 the Sisters founded the College of Mount St. Joseph, now known as Mount St. Joseph University, in Delhi, Ohio, the first Catholic college for women in Hamilton County, Ohio.
In 1852, Archbishop John Purcell recognized the need for a hospital that would provide care to people who couldn't afford medical treatment. He bought a 21-bed hospital and turned it over to the Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati. The hospital, named St. John's Hotel for Invalids, was the first private hospital in Cincinnati. Within three years, the sisters needed a larger facility so they moved to a former mansion at Third and Plum Streets. St. John's Hospital, as it became known, cared for many injured men and women during the Civil War from 1861-1865.
When the Civil War broke out, the sisters volunteered as nurses. Over one-third of the community, by then numbering more than 100, saw active service both on the eastern front in Ohio, Maryland, and Virginia, and on the western front in Mississippi, Kentucky, and Tennessee. A request was made from Cumberland, Virginia, for nursing assistance, and eight sisters were sent to serve the wounded of both armies.
A local banker, Joseph C. Butler, had referred a man with typhoid fever to St. John's and offered to pay for his care. The Sisters refused to accept payment, and after the war in 1866 Butler and a friend, Louis Worthington, bought a large facility, the former Cincinnati Marine Hospital, to present to the sisters on two conditions: that no one be excluded from the hospital because of color or religion, and that the hospital be named “The Hospital of the Good Samaritan,” to honor the sisters’ kindness. The 95-bed hospital opened in 1866.
Sr. Anthony O'Connell.
Sister Anthony O'Connell, SC (15 August 1812 – 8 December 1897), served with distinction as a nurse on the front lines of the American Civil War. Sister O'Connell was born Mary Ellen O'Connell in Limerick, Ireland. In 1821 she emigrated with her family to Boston. On 5 June 1835 she entered the novitiate of the Sisters of Charity at Emmitsburg and was professed in 1837. Soon after, she went to Cincinnati. In June 1861 Sister O'Connell was one of six Sisters of Charity who went to Camp Dennison, about 15 miles from Cincinnati. She became personally acquainted with Jefferson Davis and knew a number of generals on both sides of the conflict. Her medical skills allowed her to intervene to save soldiers' limbs from amputation. The battle of Shiloh brought ten sisters to the scene including Sr. Anthony. Some describe Sr. Anthony's word as being law with officers, doctors, and soldiers once she had established herself as a prudent and trusted administrator and nurse. She and other sisters often were picked to treat wounded prisoners of war since they showed no bias in serving rebel, yank, white, or black soldiers. Her portrait hangs in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC.
Ministry.
Immediately following the war, four sisters went to Santa Fe to open St. Vincent's, the first hospital in the New Mexico Territory. As the community continued to grow it was able to offer assistance in the establishment of the Sisters of Charity of Seton Hill in Greensburg, Pennsylvania (1870).
The first sisters were sent to Michigan in 1872. In the 1920s the community decided to change its status from a diocesan to a papal community. This led to the adoption of new constitutions and a change of habit.
In 2011, the Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati founded DePaul Cristo Rey High School. Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati live and minister throughout the United States, Mexico, Guatemala, and Dominica. The congregation sponsors the College of Mount St. Joseph in Cincinnati, Ohio, along with Bayley Place, a continuing care retirement community.
The SC Ministry Foundation evolved from the former Sisters of Charity Health Care Foundation, established in 1986. SC Ministry Foundation, a public grant-making organization that promotes the mission and ministry of the Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati, received the Champion award from Catholic Legal Immigration Network, Inc. (CLINIC) on 24 May 2012, in Austin, Texas.
As of 2019, there were 275 members of the Sisters of Charity of Cincinnati serving in twelve US states and two foreign countries.

</doc>
<doc id="7049930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049930" title="Rebecca Mark-Jusbasche">
Rebecca Mark-Jusbasche

Rebecca P. Mark-Jusbasche (born August 13, 1954, Kirksville, Missouri), known during her international business career as Rebecca Mark, is the former head of Enron International, a subsidiary of Enron. She was also CEO of Azurix Corp., a publicly traded water services company originally developed by Enron International. Mark was promoted to Vice Chairman of Enron in 1998 and was a member of its board of directors. She resigned from Enron in August 2000.
Since leaving Enron in 2000, she has been focused on water, energy technology, and agricultural projects.
Personal life.
Mark was born Rebecca Sue Pulliam in Kirksville, Missouri, and grew up on a pig farm. She attended William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri, for two years. She then transferred to Baylor University in Waco, Texas, where she received a BA in psychology in 1976, and a master's degree in International Management in 1977.
Mark began her career in Houston, Texas, at First City National Bank. She married Thomas Mark, and had twin sons, but the couple later divorced. In 1982, she joined an energy company called Continental Resources, which eventually became part of Enron. In 1988, Mark entered Harvard Business School while working part-time for Enron, and received an MBA in 1990.
Mark married Michael Jusbasche in October 1999, and hyphenated her name to Rebecca Mark-Jusbasche. She has twin sons born ca.1986 to her brief first marriage, and after her second marriage in 1999, she adopted a two-year-old boy from Kazakhstan.
Career at Enron.
Mark started in a finance position for Enron's predecessor company's pipeline businesses in 1982. By 1986 she joined a small group within Enron developing cogeneration and independent power plants using natural gas. After a two-year stint working part-time for Enron while attending Harvard Business School, she returned to Houston and became head of the newly formed Enron Development Corp.
As Enron grew, Mark was responsible for its global power and pipeline assets outside of North America. Enron Development Corp. became Enron International in 1993, and Mark became Enron International's CEO in 1996, developing and operating power and pipeline assets around the globe and greatly expanding Enron's global portfolio.
In the late 1990s, conflict surrounding the company’s ideologies occurred amongst senior leadership and Mark’s sector of the business dissolved. The board eventually saw Mark's utility asset businesses as a drag on the company's return potential, and sought to further expand Enron's financial trading businesses while selling off its assets.
In 1998, Mark left Enron to form an international water company, Azurix, starting with the purchase of its main asset, British water utility Wessex Water. Azurix went public with an IPO in June 1999 but Enron remained a key stakeholder. According to Bethany McLean and Peter Elkind, authors of "", with Azurix barely off the ground, Enron quickly "sucked out over $1 billion in cash while loading it up with debt." In August 2000, after Azurix stock took a plunge following its earnings report, Mark resigned from Azurix and Enron. Azurix assets, including Wessex, were eventually sold by Enron.
In 1998 and 1999, Mark was listed as one of "Fortune"s "50 Most Powerful Women" in American business.
After Enron.
Mark's exit from Enron in August 2000 was at a fortunate time, when Enron's stock was at its peak; she sold her stock for $82.5 million long before the company collapsed in 2001. She was never accused of wrongdoing in the ensuing series of scandals and prosecutions.
Since 2000, she has been president of Resource Development Partners, which invests in water, energy technology, and agricultural projects, including Dredgit Corporation, which specializes in marine dredging and public and private de-watering. She has been Chairman of Dredgit Corporation since 2013.
She owns and operates cattle ranches in New Mexico and Colorado, raising organic produce, grass-fed beef, and horses. She serves on the board of the Hermann Park Conservancy in Houston.

</doc>
<doc id="7049935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049935" title="Baylor College">
Baylor College



</doc>
<doc id="7049936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049936" title="A-Group culture">
A-Group culture

The A-Group was the first powerful society in Nubia, located in modern northern Sudan and southern Egypt and flourished between the First and Second Cataracts of the Nile in Lower Nubia. It lasted from the 4th millennium BC, reached its climax at , and fell 200 years later .
Overview.
In 1907, the Egyptologist George A. Reisner first discovered artifacts belonging to the A-Group culture. Reisner named this society the A-Group, which is now an outdated archaeological term, but remained in the literature. Early hubs of this civilization included Kubaniyya in the north and Buhen in the south, with Aswan, Sayala, Toshka and Qustul in between.
The A-Group population was once described as ethnically “very similar” to the pre-dynastic Egyptians in physical characteristics, although this view is considered largely outdated, with the A-Group now considered of having been closely related to Sub-Saharan and North African populations. The A-Group maintained commercial ties with the Ancient Egyptians. They traded raw materials like incense, ebony and ivory, which were gathered from the southern riverine area. They also bartered carnelian from the Western Desert as well as gold mined from the Eastern Desert in exchange for Egyptian craft products, olive oil, and other items from the Mediterranean basin.
A-Group dwellings consisted mostly of reed huts and rock shelters, with most settlements taking the form of temporary settlements and pastoralist communities. A substantial A-Group settlement is at the site of Afyeh in Lower Nubia, where the remains of houses with stone foundation slabs have also been found. The location, architecture, and material culture of Afyeh, along with its uniqueness in Nubia, suggest that it may have been an Egyptian (Naqadian) outpost.
A-Group Nubians were semi-nomadic herders and rudimentary agriculturalists who also practised extensive fishing, hunting and gathering. Evidence of agriculture first appears in the Terminal A-Group period, c. 3200–3000 BC (contemporary with Naqada IIIB).
Social Organization.
Ceramic decorative motifs conserved among the A-Group and the settlement at Kadero, located northeast of Khartoum, suggests that the two groups were influenced by one another, whether directly or indirectly through trade with Egypt. Additionally, the existence of an elite group in Kadero parallels the evidence of an elite group within the A-Group.
Cemetery L at Qustul provides evidence of an elite burial, containing nearly 200 pottery vessels, some containing expensive imports from Egypt and Palestine.
There is little evidence outside of Cemetery L to suggest social stratification of the A-Group. However, there is evidence that the A-Group moved from a pastoralist society to a more sedentary society by the end of the 4th millennium BC, which could suggest that the conditions were right to develop more complex social organization.
A-Group Pottery.
The two main types of pottery created during the A-Group period were eggshell ceramics and black-topped red ware. Eggshell ceramics are characterized by their eggshell-thin walls. Black-topped red ware pottery was created by oxidizing the clay, rich in iron, creating the distinctive red color. Subsequently, the rim was dipped in sawdust to cut off oxygen supply, creating the "black-topped" rim. 
Cemeteries L, V, and W of Qustul and Debate About the Origins of Dynastic Egypt.
Almost all knowledge about the A-Group comes from cemeteries, as few settlements have been excavated. Cemetery L is a royal cemetery dating back to the A-Group, and excavated by archaeologist Bruce Williams. Cemetery L contains tombs of rulers and high officials, Cemetery V contains tombs of other officials, and Cemetery W exclusively contains burials of people with lesser status. Excavations at Cemetery L yielded an incense burner, which was adorned with ancient Egyptian royal iconography. Williams asserted that the royal monarchy of Egypt originated in Qustul. He based his reasoning on Cemetery L from three archaeological finds: the size of the tombs, their expensive contents, and royal iconography (such as pottery vessels and stone censers). 
Furthermore, Williams received backlash from William Y. Adams and Maria Carmela Gatto. Gatto argued that Bruce Williams explicitly denied making such a sweeping claim, saying that he was only trying to raise the possibility that dynastic Egypt originated near Qustul, and Nubia facilitated that process. Gatto additionally referenced the Red Crown from the late Naqada I vessel, referenced above, claiming that Nubia almost certainly did not play a pivotal role in the rise of the Egyptian monarchy. While she also mentions that the tombs found in Qustul were comparable to that of Egyptian ruler's tombs, William Y. Adams suggests that the large size and contents of their grave support a different story than the one Williams paints, relating back to social stratification. He states that the large tombs and their contents provide evidence for a stratified society, one that archaeologists previously had not envisioned in the A-group period. He claims that this evidence cannot be extended and correlated to the Egyptian monarchy. Adams also argues that the Qustul incense burner found in the cemetery may be better suited to prove that the monarchy was situated somewhere near the Nile Valley instead of the monarchy being initially situated in Nubia.
Tracing the A-Group.
From excavations at A-Group cemeteries, archaeologists have been tracing the genetic and ancestral lineage between A-Group Nubians and other societies. The specimens found in A-Group cemeteries typically had hair of a black or dark brown hue. On average, the men were 169.9 cm in height and the women stood around 155.5 cm. Some individuals were wrapped in leather and positioned on reed mats. All of the tombs contained various burial items, including personal ornaments, utensils and ceramics.
According to a study of Nubian dental affinities by Joel Irish in 2005, traits characterizing Late Paleolithic samples from Nubia are common in recent populations south of the Sahara, whereas traits shared by Final Neolithic and later Nubians more closely emulate those found among groups originating to the north, i.e. in Egypt and, to a diminishing degree, greater North Africa, West Asia, and Europe. Irish concluded that genetic discontinuity occurred in Nubia sometime after the late Pleistocene.
Dental trait analysis of A-Group fossils found affinities with populations inhabiting Northeast Africa, the Nile valley, and East Africa. Among the sampled populations, the A-Group people were nearest to the Kerma culture bearers, Kush populations in Upper Nubia, and to Ethiopians. This is followed by the Meroitic, X-Group and Christian period inhabitants of Lower Nubia and the Kellis population in the Dakhla Oasis, as well as C-Group and Pharaonic era skeletons excavated in Lower Nubia and ancient Egyptians (Naqada, Badari, Hierakonpolis, Abydos and Kharga in Upper Egypt; Hawara in Lower Egypt).
In 2020, Kanya Godde analysed a series of crania which included two Egyptian (predynastic Badarian and Naqada series), a series of A-Group Nubians, and a Bronze Age series from Lachish, Palestine. The two pre-dynastic series had strongest affinities, followed by closeness between the Naqada and the Nubian series. Further, the Nubian A-Group plotted nearer to the Egyptians, and the Lachish sample placed more closely to Naqada than Badari. According to Godde, the spatial-temporal model applied to the pattern of biological distances explains the more distant relationship of Badari to Lachish than Naqada to Lachish, as gene flow will cause populations to become more similar over time. Overall, both Egyptian samples included were more similar to the Nubian series than to the Lachish series.
Comparative A-Group Culture.
More recent and broader studies have determined that the distinct pottery styles, differing burial practices, different grave goods and the distribution of sites all indicate that the Naqada people and the Nubian A-Group people were from different cultures. Kathryn Bard further states that "Naqada cultural burials contain very few Nubian craft goods, which suggests that while Egyptian goods were exported to Nubia and were buried in A-Group graves, A-Group goods were of little interest further north."
Nubian excavations in Serra East found that the bodies buried in the A-Group cemeteries would lay on either side with their head facing south or east. Similar to that of a curled-up position, their hands could be found near the face and their legs folded-in upwards. Leather wrappings were also found in the burials as a means of clothing and bags. However, this leather wrapping was not typically found in more lavish cemeteries, such as Cemetery L at Qustul. As for distinct pottery styles, decorative vessels were more likely to be found in larger tombs at Qustul, whereas simpler burial arrangements contained ripple-burnished or simple vessels. However, the archaeological cemeteries at Qustul are no longer available for excavations since the flooding of Lake Nasser.
According to David Wengrow, the A-Group polity of the late 4th millenninum BC is poorly understood since most of the archaeological remains are submerged underneath Lake Nasser.
Frank Yurco stated that depictions of pharonic iconography such as the royal crowns, Horus falcons and victory scenes were concentrated in the Upper Egyptian Naqada culture and A-Group Nubia. He further elaborated that:"Egyptian writing arose in Naqadan Upper Egypt and A-Group Nubia, and not in the Delta cultures, where the direct Western Asian contact was made, further vititates the Mesopotamian-influence argument".
Oshiro Michinori argued, in reference to the A-Group culture, that the external influence from Nubia on the formation of Ancient Egypt in the pre-dynastic period to the dynasty period predates influence from eastern Mesopotamia. He notes an increase in the appreciation of the contribution of Nubia in the south to Ancient Egyptian culture at the time of his writing. According to him, chiefs of the same cultural level as Upper Egyptian powers existed in Lower Nubia and exhibited pharaonic iconography before the unification of Egypt.
Existence of the B-Group.
It was originally determined by Reisner that the A-Group culture came to an end around 3100 BC, when it was destroyed by the First Dynasty rulers of Egypt. Reisner originally identified a B-Group and C-Group culture that existed within Nubia following the fall of the A-Group. However, the B-group theory became obsolete when Henry S. Smith demonstrated from funerary evidence that it was an impoverished manifestation of the A-Group culture while the culture was starting to disintegrate. With the existential crisis of the B-Group, it is suggested that these burials were simply poorer versions of A-group burials and that the span of the A-group culture lasted beyond 3100 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="7049941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049941" title="Kufr Khall">
Kufr Khall

Kufr Khall, (also written Kufur Khall, Kufr Khal) (), is a town in the north of Jordan, in the Jerash Governorate.
The origin of its name, is from Syriac "kafr" meaning the village or the country and from Arabic "khall" that means vinegar, or more generally, grape. So the words Kufr Khall stand for 'the village of grapes'. Effectively, Kufr Khall is still famous for its well-known grape production.
Geography.
Kufr Khall is located at the west of the main road connecting Jerash to Irbid. The village is built on three main hills; "Jabal Snad", "Jabal Ahed" and "al-Jabal al-Gharbi". Kufr Khall represents an important link between Ajloun Mountains and the large flat land of Houran.
The total area of the village is estimated 6 km2, of which 4 belonging to woodland areas.
History.
Kufr Khall as a rural centre.
Kufr Khall was no doubt an important rural centre since Roman domination of Jordan, and a complex of several tombs (discovered in 1981) clearly shows the importance of Kufr Khall in the Byzantine age. Umayyad and Abbasid presence in Kufr Khall is also witnessed by several ruins. Kufr Khall saw a moment of decline of its splendor in the 17th century; anyway, important documents proof the presence of Kufr Khall as a rural community in the early Ottoman age.
Pre-Islamic era.
A number of stone-made instruments were found at one kilometer of distance from the town, and labeled as Neolithic. There are oral narrations about the presence of an antique Roman church (called the white church) in the past. Mosaics were also found in different locations. The Roman dominion of the zone is visible in three different places: "al- Deyr", "Hattin" and in Kufr Khall itself.
Islamic era.
Kufr Khall was conquered by Islamic Armies commanded by "Sharhabeel ibn Hasana" as a direct result of "Battle of Fahl" in 635 A.D.
Mameluke ceramics were found in several sectors of Kufr Khall, and diverse houses built by Mamelukes were rebuilt on the rising of the Ottoman dominion of the zone.
In 1596 it appeared in the Ottoman tax registers named as " Kafr Hall", situated in the "nahiya" (subdistrict) of Bani al-Asar, part of the Sanjak of Hawran. It had 34 households and 15 bachelors; all Muslim. The villagers paid a fixed tax-rate of 25% on agricultural products; including wheat, barley, summer crops, vineyards/fruit trees, goats and bee-hives. The total tax was 11,500 akçe.
In 1838 Kufr Khall was noted as a ruin.
In 1961 the population of Kufr Khall was 1,159 inhabitants.
Economy.
Kufr Khall is famous for its olive oil, and there is a seasonal fair (market) for the trading of this product. Other agricultural products are grapes, figs, apples and pomegranate.
Several handcraft, cheese and traditional products are made also.
Social life.
Religion.
The inhabitants are all Sunni Muslims, there are three principal mosques in Kufr Khall, an old, now restored, eastern mosque, a western mosque built in 1984 (al Hajj Abdallah Mosque) and a new mosque named Abu Bakr as- Siddiq.
Two historical shrines (tombs of "Awlya"') are located in Kufr Khall.
Traditions.
The traditions of Kufr Khall people are similar to the northern Jordanians. Must be mentioned: the "Sbu'yyeh" (food offered after a week of the burial to the dead's family), the" Madaleh" (welcoming people for three days after funeral and offering them coffee), the "Khamisyyah" (religious sacrifice of goats in spring), important religious festivities, such "Eid ul-Fitr", "Eid al Adha (al Eid al Kabir)" and "Al-Mawlidu N-Nabawi Sh-Sharif", have their rituals for the people of Kufr Khall.
Prince Hamzah Natural Reserve.
The Prince Hamzah Natural Reserve consists of 40 hectares of natural forests. It is administered and managed by the Department of Natural Resources and Environment in Jordan University of Science and Technology
The reserve was opened by Prince Hamzah bin Al Hussein on 16 August 2004. It harbors a large number of trees and animals such as the Palestine Oak, Aleppo Pine and the Greek Strawberry Tree. It is one of the best natural views around the village and they are a lot of farms around it that belongs to the locals like the one owned by Mousa al Abed which was developed and built in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="7049943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049943" title="Enron Development">
Enron Development



</doc>
<doc id="7049946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049946" title="Tóngzigōng">
Tóngzigōng

Tóngzigōng (童子功) is a form of qigong exercise stressing flexibility. This art form is part of the curriculum of Shaolin Kung Fu. It is very rare to find masters, however, this is one of the basics that is learned at the Shaolin Temple, and is learned very early. Tongzigong must be practiced regularly before the body has matured, for the skill to reach its highest levels. It is often referred to as the Childish Skills. The skill becomes harder to master, once the bones are set.

</doc>
<doc id="7049947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049947" title="American Baptist Home Mission Society">
American Baptist Home Mission Society

The American Baptist Home Mission Society is a Christian missionary society. Its predecessor, the Home Mission Society, was established in 1832 in New York City to operate in the American frontier, with the stated mission "to preach the Gospel, establish churches and give support and ministry to the unchurched and destitute." In the 19th century, the Home Mission Society was part of the Triennial Convention, the mainline Baptist denomination in the United States established in 1814. Today, the Home Mission Society is part of the reorganization of the Triennial Convention, the American Baptist Churches USA, reorganization by merger of the several Triennial societies and organizations related to missions and work, including publications (1824), women (1877), and education (1888).
Founding.
Early 19th-century Baptist churches in the United States formed national "societies" with specific mission orientations related under the umbrella of the Triennial Convention. The deepest root of American Baptist Home Mission Societies (ABHMS) is the Baptist General Tract Society founded in Washington, D.C., on February 25, 1824, "to disseminate evangelical truth, and to inculcate sound morals, by the distribution of tracts." In 1826 the tract society relocated to Philadelphia, where it was renamed the American Baptist Publication Society. The 1824 tract society became the American Baptist Society in 1870, the Board of Publication and Education in 1944, and Educational Ministries in 1972. Home mission pioneer John Mason Peck was the general secretary, 1843–1845.
The Home Mission Society (ABHMS), itself, was organized in 1832 to raise support for missionaries in North America. Later, Dr. Henry Lyman Morehouse, corresponding secretary of ABHMS, took the lead in forming the American Baptist Education Society (ABES) in May 1888 to promote "Christian education under Baptist auspices in North America." A major achievement of the group was the founding of the University of Chicago in 1890, strongly supported by John D. Rockefeller. In addition, Dr. Morehouse (for whom Morehouse College is named) succeeded in engaging Rockefeller in major financial support for Bacone College, Spelman College, and black education in general. Responsibility for historically black colleges, founded by and for freedmen and women after the Civil War, remained with ABHMS until the Great Depression, when this work was transferred to the Education Society. After 1935, the only schools administered by ABHMS were Bacone College, Muskogee, Oklahoma; International Baptist Seminary, East Orange, New Jersey; and the Spanish-American Baptist Seminary (SABS), Los Angeles. The publishing (Judson Press), educational, and discipleship ministries of the educational society were transferred to National Ministries in 2003 with the dissolution and merger of the Board of Publication and Education (Educational Ministries).
Other significant roots that were grafted into the work of the national societies were the Women's Baptist Home Mission Society (WBHMS), founded in Chicago on February 1, 1877, and the Woman's American Baptist Home Mission Society (WABHMS), founded in Boston on November 14, 1877. These two societies merged in 1909 and moved their offices to New York City. In 1955, the WABHMS integrated its work with ABHMS.
Soon after the founding of ABHMS, the Free Will Baptist Home Mission Society was formed in Dover, N.H., on July 31, 1834, with David Marks as the first corresponding secretary. In 1842, Marks moved to Oberlin, Ohio, where he befriended the evangelist Charles G. Finney and was active in the Underground Railroad. The Free Will Society and related Free Baptist Women's Missionary Society of Boston merged with the American Baptist Societies in 1911.
Seeds of the Home Mission Society.
When the American Baptist Home Mission Society (ABHMS) was founded in 1832, it was patterned after the older American Baptist Foreign Mission Society (ABFMS) (1814) and the even older Massachusetts Domestic Missionary Society (1802), which was organized to "furnish occasional preaching, and to promote the knowledge of evangelic truth in the new settlements of these United States, or further, if circumstances should render it proper" and to "evangelize the Indians and western frontiersmen." The imprint of these early missionary societies, leaders, and missionaries has been determinative for the world view and work of ABHMS (National Ministries, 1972–2010).
For most of its history, ABHMS enabled American Baptist congregations to support missionaries serving on its behalf in North America, including Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central America. In the beginning, before telegraphs and railroads, reaching these new frontiers on the vast North American continent required the cooperative efforts of many Baptists and great hardship on the part of missionaries. As mission fields grew stronger and became self-supporting, these newly formed associations, societies, and conventions began planting churches, founding schools, and sending and supporting their own missionaries. It is the ancient biblical model that the one evangelized and discipled becomes the evangelist and disciple-maker so that faith passes from neighbor to neighbor and generation to generation. A good example is the Kiowa Baptists at Saddleback Mountain in Oklahoma, who wanted "other Indians to hear about the Jesus Road" and filled red Jesus barrels with money to send a missionary to the Hopi Indians in Arizona and established the Sunlight Mission on Second Mesa. In the late 20th century, a corrective missiological shift occurred that continues to gain momentum. Local congregations saw home mission as not only what they paid others to do on their behalf on distant frontier mission fields on the Crow Reservation in Montana or Kodiak, Alaska, but also what they were called to do on the mission field at their own doorstep. Historically, African-American churches have practiced "mission on your doorstep," yet a radical missional-church approach also challenges African-Americans. This shift can be seen in the examples of African-American churches in Phonix sponsoring Navajo ministry and those in Los Angeles adding Latino staff and offering Spanish language classes.
Dr. William Staughton was present with William Carey at the formation of the English Baptist Missionary Society (Particular Baptist Society for the Propagation of the Gospel Amongst the Heathen) at Kettering, England, in 1792. His zeal for foreign missions was transplanted to America when he emigrated in 1793. He wrote "The Baptist Mission in India" in 1811. At First Baptist Church, Philadelphia, on May 18, 1814, the first General Missionary Convention of the Baptist Denomination in the United States of America for Foreign Missions (i.e. Triennial Convention) elected Staughton—an ardent supporter of Christian missionary work—as its first corresponding secretary for the newly formed Baptist Board of Foreign Missions. The purpose of the Triennial Convention was to support Adoniram Judson and Ann Judson's mission in Burma. The Judsons and the Rev. Luther Rice embraced Baptist sentiments aboard ship as they sailed to Calcutta. In India, they met British Baptist missionary Carey and were baptized by immersion. Evicted by the East India Co., Rice returned to America while the Judsons traveled to Burma. The fruit of Judson's long labor in Burma has in the 21st century come to the shores of North America, and ABHMS is currently working with 93 Burmese congregations.
John Mason Peck, a pastor in central New York, met Rice in June 1815 and spent several months traveling throughout central New York promoting a missionary spirit, encouraging missionary societies, and taking up collections for foreign missions. Influenced by the stories of Judson and Carey and stirred by the missionary vision of Rice, Peck sought support from the Triennial Convention to be appointed a missionary to the Missouri Territory. From May 1816 until May 1817, Peck studied under Stoughton in Philadelphia, when he and James Welch were commissioned for the "domestic mission" in the Missouri Territory. Rice was present. Peck and Welch arrived in St. Louis with their families in December 1817.
No one person influenced Baptist work more in the Midwest over the coming years than Peck. A pioneer of new methods, he founded the first Sunday schools, women's societies, and missionary societies in the territory. Peck organized the first Baptist churches west of the Mississippi, ordained the first African-American clergy in St. Louis, and helped found Alton Seminary, which later became Shurtleff College. Peck also served two terms in the Illinois State Legislature and was a vocal opponent of slavery. He faced harsh criticism from anti-mission, or "old school," Baptists, who believed neither in Sunday schools, colleges, or theological seminaries nor missionary, tract, or Bible societies.
Peck's appointment from the Triennial Convention was short-lived and not renewed in 1820. Opposition to the missionaries sprang from the fact that they had settled in St. Louis, where they established a church and a school, instead of "plunging into the wilderness and converting the Indians." The convention directed Peck to travel to Fort Wayne, Ind., to join Isaac McCoy in his work with the Indians. With calls to send missionaries to Russia, India, and the Sandwich Islands, and the financial demands of the new Columbia College in Washington, D.C., there were no resources to support home mission except with Native Americans. Peck did not join McCoy and continued his support with help from Massachusetts and later from ABHMS.
Rev. John Berry Meachum (1789–1854), a former slave and skilled carpenter who bought freedom for himself and his family, assisted American Baptist Home Mission pioneer Peck with the church and Sunday school Peck founded in St. Louis in 1817. Black and white, bond and free worshipped together at First Baptist until 1822, when African-American worshippers formed a separate branch. Peck ordained Pastor Meachum in 1825, when he founded the First African Baptist Church, the first Protestant congregation established for African-Americans west of the Mississippi River. Shortly after a brick church building was erected, Meachum and Peck opened a day school called the "Candle Tallow School" because classes were conducted in a secret room with no windows to avoid being discovered by the sheriff. Missouri law forbade teaching free or slave blacks to read and write. Even more restrictive laws were enacted by the General Assembly of Missouri in 1847.
But Meachum would not be denied. With the help of some of his friends—black and white—he bought a steamboat, fitted it with a library and classrooms, and, in 1847, christened his ship "Freedom School." The Mississippi River was federal territory, and the federal government did not enforce the Missouri law against education of blacks.
Peck founded the Missouri Bible Society in 1818, the Green County Sunday School Association in 1824, female mite societies in town and villages, the American Baptist Historical Society, and Baptist associations in Missouri and Illinois. Peck became an agent of the American Colonization Society—which founded Liberia and returned freed blacks to Africa—a might advocate of temperance, a student of the intricate problems of immigration, and a stout opponent of the effort to make Illinois a slave state. This social conscience has been conspicuous in the history of ABHMS. The American Baptist Antislavery Convention held in New York City in 1840 called for the immediate emancipation of slaves. When Congress passed restrictive legislation against Chinese immigration, ABHMS passed resolutions that this law was "contrary to the fundamental principles of our free government, and opposed to the spirit of the Christian religion." In the 20th century, ABHMS assisted the Japanese in internment camps during World War II, was a frontline advocate during the civil rights movement with Jitsuo Morikawa organizing marches in 1963, worked for the empowerment of church and society, strove for ecological responsibility in its eco-justice emphasis, supported the Sullivan Principles during apartheid in South Africa, and continues to play an activist role in ethical investing. Recently, ABHMS partnered with the Proctor Institute in hearings following Hurricane Katrina, facilitated racial reconciliation, and advocated for children in poverty.
The legacy of Home Mission.
Leaders and missionaries of ABHMS were involved in the founding of New York University, University of Chicago, Vassar College, Denison University, Kalamazoo College, Bacone College, Franklin College, and other schools. After the Civil War, ABHMS directed considerable financial and human resources to the establishment of schools for freed men. One of the first of more than two dozen was Wayland Seminary in Washington, D.C., in 1865, where Booker T. Washington studied, 1878–1879. Wayland merged with Richmond Institute in 1899 to form Virginia Union University. Shaw University, Morehouse College, Spelman College, Benedict College, and Florida Memorial University all trace their beginnings to the work of ABHMS. During the Great Depression, ABHMS turned over administration of the historically black colleges to the American Baptist Board of Education. Responsibility for Bacone College, International Baptist Seminary, and SABS remained with the Home Mission Society.
Work on the American frontier.
The first home missionary appointed after the founding of the American Baptist Home Mission Society in 1832 was Thomas Ward Merrill, who, in 1829, went to the Michigan Territory. While a student at Waterville College in Maine, Merrill was influenced by the conversion of Professor George Dana Boardman and his offer of himself to serve as a missionary in India. To earn money for his trip from Maine to Michigan, he sold Ann Judson's "Memoirs" and the American Baptist Magazine. In Grand Rapids, he baptized Native Americans, was a founder of the LaGrange Association, was a pastor and church planter, and, later in life, was a fundraiser for the American Bible Union. When the churches of Michigan were numerous enough to be self-sufficient, ABHMS shifted resources to missionary work with the foreign population, the Detroit Baptist City Mission Society, and loans and gifts for the building of church edifices.
In 1833, 91 missionaries were appointed by the Home Mission Society. Many of the appointments in the early years were for a few months only for missionaries to "ascertain and report on the conditions in the fields." Among the 91 was Allen B. Freeman, sent to Chicago to found the First Baptist Church, the first church and school in this small frontier village. Lake Michigan was the baptistery. He planted five other churches in the prairie. Returning from one of these outposts 50 miles south of Chicago in December 1834, he died of exhaustion and exposure. This is the second missionary death; Spencer Clark died of cholera in 1833 in Palmyra, Missouri. Early missionaries forded rivers, rode horseback, and slept on beds of pine needles to spread the gospel.
Missionaries followed the expanding boundaries of the United States and ventured into Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central America. "North America for Christ" was a missional manifest destiny. When the Louisiana Purchase, Lewis and Clark Expedition and cessation of Indian hostilities during and following the War of 1812 opened the way for settlement in the Mississippi Valley, American Baptists were among the pioneers. Similarly, when opportunities opened in the Northwest Territory (modern states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin, as well as the northeastern part of Minnesota), in the Southwest following the Mexican–American War, in California during the 1849 Gold Rush, in the Republic of Texas, post-Russian Alaska, and in Cuba and Puerto Rico after the Spanish–American War, home missionaries moved to these new frontiers. As missions and churches were planted, missionaries created associations and Bible and tract societies and encouraged the formation of state conventions and, later, city mission societies. Printed materials were always essential to home mission activity. It is notable that, for the first 63 years, the offices of the American Baptist Home Mission Society were always near printing houses in Lower Manhattan. Tracts and Bibles, publications such as the "Baptist Home Mission Monthly", "Tidings", "Home Mission Echoes", and "Hope" were essential mission tools. The American Baptist Home Mission Society worked jointly with the American Baptist Publication Society to dispatch colporteur wagons, railroad chapel cars, and gospel cruisers in the waters of Oregon and Washington to carry the printed and spoken word to the West, Puerto Rico, and Mexico. In 1931, 46 colporteur and chapel car missionaries were under appointment by the American Baptist Home Mission Society.
Work among Native Americans.
The Home Mission Society sent missionaries to America's frontier, including some work with "Indians and Negroes," but it was not until after 1865 that the trust for Indian work in the United States, which had almost been extinguished during the Civil War, was transferred by the Missionary Union (later the ABFMS and International Ministries) to the Home Mission Society. By 1877, 13 home missionaries were at work among the Creek, Seminole, Delaware, Shwano, Kickapoo, Sac, and Fox in Indian Territory (modern Oklahoma). The WABHMS commissioned in its early years Mrs. E.A. Shaw, M.D., and Mrs. C. Bond (a Choctaw Christian) to serve with the Choctaws and Chickasaws in Indian Territory. Almon C. Bacone opened the Indian Normal and Theological School at Tahlequah in 1880. In 1881, the Creek Nation House of Warriors and House of Kings passed a bill to grant 160 acres to the American Baptist Home Mission Society to build a campus at Muskogee. The school was officially transferred to the Muskogee campus in 1885. At Bacone's death, the school was renamed Bacone College. 
Meanwhile, in Montana, Crow people were facing assimilationist policies including the placement of their children in boarding schools. To avoid the removal of their children from the reservation, Crow leaders invited the American Baptist Home Mission Society to establish a school at Lodge Grass, Montana. In December 1903, William and Anna Petzoldt moved to the Crow Indian Reservation and founded the mission there. The school opened in 1904.
In 1914, the Oklahoma Baptist Convention voted to singly align with the Southern Baptist Convention. Home Mission Society work with the "civilized tribes" ended, work with the "blanket tribes" expanded in western Oklahoma, and new opportunities opened in Arizona, Montana, and California.
Work among freedmen.
Ministry with freed men, women, and children began while the Civil War still raged. Joanna P. Moore learned of the needs of the freed women and children on Island No. 10, north of Memphis on the Mississippi River. In November 1863, she found herself on Island No. 10 among "1,100 colored women and children in distress" and a Union Army encampment. She had $4 from her Baptist Sabbath School in Belvidere, Ill., a promise of another $4 each month, a commission from the American Baptist Home Mission Society (without salary); she was the first missionary appointment made to the South. Thus she began a ministry that would span 40 years and earn her the moniker "Swamp Angel of the South." 
In 1864, she ministered to a group of people at Helena, Ark. In 1868 she went to Lauderdale, Mississippi, to help the Friends in an orphan asylum. While she was at one time left temporarily in charge of the institution, cholera broke out, and 11 children died within one week, but she remained at her post until the fury of the plague was abated. She spent nine years in the vicinity of New Orleans, reading the Bible to those who could not read, writing letters in search of lost ones, and especially caring for the helpless old women that she met. She began the Fireside Schools in 1884 with "a prepared Bible lesson for all the family to read together daily; supplying the home with other appropriate books for parent and child to read together." She prepared a leaflet with Bible lessons each month called HOPE. Moore was the first missionary appointed by the newly formed WBHMS in 1877 and in the first graduating class of its Baptist Missionary Training School in Chicago in 1888. The themes of innovation, evangelism, education, ecumenism, networking, and social engagement are transparent in the life of Moore who labored "in Christ's stead."
In 1866 it founded Nashville Normal and Theological Institute, predecessor of Roger Williams University, for freedmen.
Women's societies.
The WBHMS was founded in Chicago in 1877 to "promote the Christianization of homes by means of missions and mission schools.
In 1877, working with a group of Baptist women in the Boston area, Sophia Packard and Harriet Giles organized the WABHMS for the purpose of supporting women missionaries and the four-fold object of "evangelization of women among the freed people, the Indians, the heathen immigrants and the new settlements of the West." This was the second women's mission society, and the two would merge in 1909. 
In 1891, Alice Blanchard Coleman became president of the Woman's American Baptist Home Mission Society and held that position until April, 1911, when, by the consolidation of the Woman's American Baptist Home Mission Society, headquarters in Boston, and the Woman's Baptist Home Mission Society, headquarters in Chicago, a new national organization was formed having the name of the Boston organization but with headquarters in Chicago. Coleman was the first vice-president of the new organization and president of the New England Branch of the Woman's American Baptist Home Mission Society, the branch being a local organization whose purpose was the holding of inspirational meetings and otherwise fostering the work of the Woman's American Baptist Home Mission Society.
Work with immigrants to the United States.
Even before the geographical frontiers had closed, the American Baptist Home Mission Society found new frontiers in the work with freed men and women in the post-Civil War South and with new immigrants in large urban areas and in rural America. The first immigrant American Baptist Church was the German Church of the Lord that Meets on Poplar Street in Philadelphia, organized in 1843 by Konrad Fleischmann. He became the first American Baptist home missionary to German immigrants and was soon joined by John Eschmann, who was appointed in 1845 as a missionary to the Germans in New York City and Newark, New Jersey. The American Baptist Home Missionary Society board declared, "Thus is the Home Mission Society performing Foreign Mission work in our own land, and already has that work been owned and blessed of God." In 1858, August Rauschenbusch, father of Walter, was appointed professor of the new German Department at Rochester Theological Seminary and three times employed by the American Baptist Home Mission Society "to make a tour of inspection and exploration for the benefit of our missions among the German." In 1947, the German seminary moved to Sioux Falls and is now the Sioux Falls Seminary. The churches organized a conference in 1851 in Philadelphia, named the "Conference of Ministers and Helpers of German Churches of Baptized Christians, usually called Baptists." The German Baptist Publication Society was organized in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1881. Also in 1881, the WBHMS appointed Mrs. A. Johanning to work among the Germans in St. Louis. By 1882, 137 German Baptist congregations existed. The missionary spirit of the German churches resulted in new ministries with Bohemians, Poles, Slavonians, and Hungarians.
Missionary work with Scandinavians soon followed. Captain (also known as G.W. Schroeder), a Swedish sea captain, was converted at Mariner's Temple in New York and returned to Sweden to birth the Baptist church there. He also married the daughter of the pastor of Mariner's Temple, Mary Steward. From the Baptist church in Sweden, Gustaf Palmquist came to the United States and founded the first Swedish Baptist Church at Rock Island, Illinois, in 1852, and was appointed by the American Baptist Home Mission Society to serve in Illinois, Ohio, and New York. F. O. Nilsson formed the second Swedish Baptist church in America in Houston, Minnesota. The WABHMS commissioned Miss Elizabeth Johnson to serve with Swedes in Chicago. In a similar pattern, the Swedish Baptists founded a Swedish-language publication, formed the Swedish Baptist General Conference, and began a theological and missionary training school at the Baptist Theological Seminary in Chicago. The school moved to St. Paul, Minn., in 1914 and became Bethel College and Seminary. Swedish Baptists participated in the work of the ABFMS until 1944, but separated its home mission work in 1921.
The American Baptist Home Mission Society began home mission work with Norwegians in 1848. The Norwegian Baptist Training School at Morgan Park, Ill., was connected to the University of Chicago until 1921, when it affiliated with Northern Baptist Theological Seminary. Other home mission efforts with people from the Nordic countries included Danish Baptists in 1856 and Finnish Baptists in 1890. The WBHMS appointed Miss S.B. Rasmussen to work with Danes and Norwegians in Chicago in 1882.
The American Baptist Home Mission Society worked with French Canadian immigrants and Mexicans beginning in 1849. Newton Theological Institute had a French Department. The American Baptist Home Mission Society began work in Santa Fe, New Mexico, in 1849, sending the first Protestant missionary to territory ceded by Mexico to the United States following the Mexican–American War. Assistants who spoke Spanish were employed for many years to labor among the old Mexican population. Chinese immigrant work started in California in 1869 with Mr. Fung Seung Nam as the first Chinese worker.
The Society and the rejection of slavery.
During the "Georgia Test Case" of 1844, the Georgia State Convention proposed that a slaveowner, Elder James E. Reeve, be appointed as a missionary. The Foreign Mission Board refused to approve his appointment, recognizing the case as a challenge and not wanting to overturn their policy of neutrality in the slavery issue. They stated that slavery should not be introduced as a factor into deliberations about missionary appointments. This decision prompted the Alabama Baptist State Convention to challenge the Home Mission Board with what were called the "Alabama Resolutions", drafted by Rev. Basil Manly, Sr. They threatened to withdraw financial support from the national organization if their candidates were not considered for positions as missionaries, regardless of whether they were slaveholders.
In its response, the Board noted that they needed to maintain independence in their approval of missionary appointments. They further stated that in 30 years, no slaveholder had applied to be a missionary. They said missionaries traveled without servants, so no slaveholder could take slaves with him. Lastly, they said that they would "never be a party to any arrangement which would imply approbation of slavery." Dissatisfied with the decision, added to other sectional tensions, Baptists of nine Southern states split from the General (Triennial) Convention and in 1845 formed the Southern Baptist Convention.
Immediately following the American Civil War, the Society worked with freedmen to establish 27 historically black colleges. Former slaves were eager for education after having been blocked from it for so long.
Merger and renaming.
In 1907, the Societies related to the Triennial Convention organized under the umbrella of the Northern Baptist Convention. The Home Mission Society merged with the Women's American Baptist Home Mission Society in 1955. From 1972 to 2010, the Mission Society operated under the name National Ministries of the American Baptist Churches USA. In 2003, the society merged with the American Baptist Education Society (founded 1888). Since 2010, it operates under the name American Baptist Home Mission Societies of the American Baptist Churches USA.

</doc>
<doc id="7049957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049957" title="Charles Le Corbusier">
Charles Le Corbusier



</doc>
<doc id="7049963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049963" title="New York Slave Revolt of 1712">
New York Slave Revolt of 1712

The New York Slave Revolt of 1712 was an uprising in New York City, in the Province of New York, of 23 Black slaves. They killed nine whites and injured another six before they were stopped. More than 70 blacks were arrested and jailed. Of these, 27 were put on trial, and 21 convicted and executed.
On the night of 6 April 1712, a group of more than twenty slaves, the majority of whom were believed to be Coromantee people of Ghanaian heritage, set fire to a building on Maiden Lane near Broadway. While the local white inhabitants tried to put out the fire, the slaves, armed with guns, hatchets, and swords, fought the whites and then ran off. Eight whites died, and seven were wounded. Over the next few days, colonial forces arrested seventy blacks and jailed them. Twenty-seven were put on trial, 21 of whom were convicted and sentenced to death.
Events.
By the early 18th century, New York City had one of the largest slave populations of any of the settlements in the Thirteen Colonies. Slaves worked as domestic servants, artisans, dock workers, and various skilled laborers, as opposed to the South where slaves were primarily agricultural labororers.
Slaves lived near each other, making communication easy. They also often worked among free black people, a situation that did not exist on most Southern plantations. Slaves in the city could communicate and plan a conspiracy more easily than among those on plantations.
After the seizure of New Netherland in 1667 and its incorporation into the Province of New York, the rights of the Free Negro social group were gradually eroded. In 1702, the first of the New York slave codes were passed, which further limited the rights enjoyed by the African community in New York; many of these legal rights, such as the right to own land and marry, were granted during the Dutch colonial period. On December 13, 1711, the New York City Common Council established the city's first slave market near Wall Street for the sale and rental of enslaved Africans and Native Americans.
By the early 1700s, about 20 percent of the population were enslaved black people. The colonial government in New York restricted this group through several measures: requiring slaves to carry a pass if traveling more than a mile (1.6 km) from home; discouraging marriage among them; prohibiting gatherings in groups of more than three persons; and requiring them to sit in separate galleries at church services.
A group of more than twenty black slaves, the majority of whom were believed to be Coromantee or Akan, gathered on the night of April 6, 1712, and set fire to a building on Maiden Lane near Broadway. While the white colonists tried to put out the fire, the enslaved blacks, armed with guns, hatchets, and swords, attacked the whites and then ran off. 8 whites were killed and 7 wounded. All of the runaway slaves were captured almost immediately and returned to their owners.
Aftermath.
Colonial forces arrested seventy blacks and jailed them. Six are reported to have committed suicide. Twenty-seven were put on trial, 21 of whom were convicted and sentenced to death, including one woman with child. Twenty were burned to death and one was executed on a breaking wheel.
After the revolt, the city and colony passed more restrictive laws governing black and Indian slaves. Slaves were not permitted to gather in groups of more than three, they were not permitted to carry firearms, and gambling was outlawed. Crimes of property damage, rape, and conspiracy to kill qualified for the death penalty. Free blacks were still allowed to own land, however. Anthony Portuguese (alternately spelled Portugies), owned land that makes up a portion of present-day Washington Square Park; this continued to be owned by his daughter and grandchildren.
The colony required slave owners who wanted to free their slaves to pay a tax of £200 per person, then an amount much higher than the cost of a slave. In 1715 Governor Robert Hunter argued in London before the Lords of Trade that manumission and the chance for a slave to inherit part of a master's wealth was important to maintain in New York. He said that this was a proper reward for a slave who had helped a master earn a lifetime's fortune, and that it could keep the slave from descending into despair.

</doc>
<doc id="7049966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049966" title="Last of the Red Hot Burritos">
Last of the Red Hot Burritos

Last of the Red Hot Burritos is the fourth album by country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers, released in 1972. By the time this album was recorded, "Sneaky" Pete Kleinow and Bernie Leadon had left the band, leaving Chris Hillman as the sole founding member. In their places, Hillman recruited Al Perkins and Kenny Wertz respectively. Wertz had previously played with Hillman in the Scottsville Squirrel Barkers. The band also added two guest musicians for their fall 1971 tour in Byron Berline and Roger Bush from Country Gazette. This lineup toured until Hillman left the band in October 1971, leaving the rights to the band's name to Rick Roberts. Once Hillman departed, A&amp;M Records apparently lost faith in the group. Instead of allowing a Roberts-led version of the band (with no founding members) to record a new studio album, A&amp;M released this live recording. It fulfilled the band's contract, but it was subsequently dropped from the label.
A group of Burritos led by Rick Roberts would continue to tour Europe with no original members into 1973 (to meet contractual obligations), at which point the band was officially dissolved by Roberts, bringing the original Flying Burrito Brothers to an end. (A new version of the Burritos would resurface in 1975, signed to Columbia Records.)
Track listing.
Bonus tracks on the 2008 Sierra Records reissue:
Personnel.
reference for personnel section:
guests:

</doc>
<doc id="7049969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049969" title="Bruneau-Jarbridge supervolcano">
Bruneau-Jarbridge supervolcano



</doc>
<doc id="7049970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049970" title="Tongzigong">
Tongzigong



</doc>
<doc id="7049974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049974" title="Fish Island">
Fish Island

Fish Island may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7049976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049976" title="Machine driver">
Machine driver



</doc>
<doc id="7049977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049977" title="Vincenzio Renieri">
Vincenzio Renieri



</doc>
<doc id="7049983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049983" title="Josslyn Island">
Josslyn Island



</doc>
<doc id="7049988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049988" title="Helene Weinstein">
Helene Weinstein

Helene E. Weinstein (born September 6, 1952) is an American politician who represented District 41 in the New York State Assembly, which comprises Sheepshead Bay, Flatlands, East Flatbush, Midwood and Canarsie, in Brooklyn.
Biography.
First elected in 1980, Weinstein chaired the Assembly's Ways and Means Committee and was a member of the standing committees on Aging, Codes, Rules. She also chaired the Assembly Committee on Governmental Employees, Election Law and Judiciary, and the Assembly Task Force on Women's Issues earlier in her career.
Weinstein chaired the Assembly Standing Committee on Judiciary. She is the first woman in New York State's history to be appointed to this position. The Judiciary Committee presides over virtually all legislation affecting the state's judicial system, Family and Domestic Relations Law, Trusts and Estates, as well as civil practice in the courts. Weinstein sponsored major reforms in the state's jury system and is the leading proponent of ensuring civil legal services for low-income New Yorkers. Weinstein led the successful effort to increase 18B and Law Guardian rates. Weinstein was a member of the Court Facilities Capital Review Board during her time in the legislature
Weinstein has previously served as an appointee of former Governor Mario Cuomo to the New York State Child Support Commission and the Governor's Commission on Domestic Violence.
Over her political career since 1998, the two groups contributing the greatest amounts to her campaigns have been trial lawyers/lobbyists and public sector unions.
Education.
Weinstein holds a B.A. in Economics from American University as well as a degree from the New England School of Law.
Occupation.
Weinstein is of counsel to her family's personal-injury law firm, Weinstein, Chase, Messinger &amp; Peters, P.C. She has been licensed to practice law in New York since 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="7049994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049994" title="The Feminist Initiative">
The Feminist Initiative



</doc>
<doc id="7049995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049995" title="Khazakastan">
Khazakastan



</doc>
<doc id="7049998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7049998" title="Bruneau-Jarbridge">
Bruneau-Jarbridge



</doc>
<doc id="7050008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050008" title="CDF (disambiguation)">
CDF (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7050018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050018" title="Heavy heavy low low">
Heavy heavy low low



</doc>
<doc id="7050020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050020" title="Rebecca Mark">
Rebecca Mark



</doc>
<doc id="7050021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050021" title="Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics">
Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics

Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics was a privately owned Norwegian/Swedish shipping company, established in 1999 and co-owned by the two shipping companies Wallenius Lines and Wilh. Wilhelmsen.
Overview.
Prior to the restructuring and division of its services as the Wallenius Wilhelmsen Group in 2017, the company offered a range of logistics services, including supply chain management, ocean transportation using neo-bulk cargo ships, terminal handling, inland distribution and technical services.
After rebranding and reorganisation, the company remains one of the world's largest in the transporting of roll-on/roll-off equipment: automobiles, heavy machinery (mining, construction, farming equipment), yachts, trains, power stations, trailers, Mafi roll trailers and others.
Headquartered in Oslo and Stockholm, with main regional offices in New York, Tokyo and Melbourne, the company has 8,700 employees worldwide.
In 2017, Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics was split into Wallenius Wilhelmsen Ocean and Wallenius Wilhelmsen Solutions, within the Wallenius Wilhelmsen Group. The former manages ocean-bound operations, while the latter provides land-based services to many industries, including the automotive, aerospace, and agricultural machinery sectors. The shipping group currently operates a fleet of 123 vessels.

</doc>
<doc id="7050024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050024" title="Wallenius Wilhelmsen">
Wallenius Wilhelmsen

Wallenius Wilhelmsen is a Sweden/Norway-based global RoRo shipping and vehicle logistics company, managing the distribution of cars, trucks, rolling equipment, Mafi trailers and breakbulk globally.
Overview.
The Wallenius Wilhelmsen group trades under the main brands of Wallenius Wilhelmsen Ocean and Wallenius Wilhelmsen Solutions (formerly known as Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics), EUKOR, American Roll-on Roll-off Carrier (ARC), United European Car Carriers (UECC) and Armacup. 
Total income for 2019 was USD 3.9 billion with 9,400 employees worldwide. They control 126 vessels servicing 15 trade routes to six continents, together with a global inland distribution network, 120 processing centers, and 11 marine terminals.

</doc>
<doc id="7050026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050026" title="Sam Roberts Band">
Sam Roberts Band



</doc>
<doc id="7050031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050031" title="Wallenius Wilhelmsen Lines">
Wallenius Wilhelmsen Lines



</doc>
<doc id="7050033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050033" title="Awlya'">
Awlya'



</doc>
<doc id="7050040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050040" title="Bruneau-Jarbidge">
Bruneau-Jarbidge



</doc>
<doc id="7050041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050041" title="Olivetan">
Olivetan



</doc>
<doc id="7050044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050044" title="Giant Condor">
Giant Condor

The is a Japanese monster, or "kaiju", featured very briefly in the 1966 "Godzilla" film "Ebirah, Horror of the Deep".
Overview.
Design.
Shinichi Sekizawa created the Giant Condor as a reference to the Pteranodon seen in the original 1933 film "King Kong". Rankin-Bass rejected the script, but since Toho had already started making the sets and props for the film, they swapped Kong with Godzilla as the opponent to face off against, and Toho carried on with production of "Ebirah, Horror of the Deep".
The Giant Condor was portrayed using a remodeled Rodan prop which appeared in "Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster" (1964) and "Invasion of Astro-Monster" (1965), following its use as the monster Litra in Tsuburaya Productions' TV series "Ultra Q".
Film history.
Showa era (1966-1969).
Originally, the Giant Condor was meant to be an opponent for King Kong, as he originally featured in the script for "Ebirah, Horror of the Deep", but was replaced with Godzilla during production.
In "Ebirah, Horror of the Deep", as Dayo made her escape from Godzilla, the Giant Condor soared overhead. She cried out to alert Godzilla just before the bird descended on him. After a fierce scuffle, Godzilla sets it ablaze with his atomic breath, sending its charred corpse plummeting into the ocean.
In "All Monsters Attack", the Giant Condor appeared as the Giant Eagle where it is killed by Godzilla again, but this time while Godzilla was wandering around his home of Monster Island.
Millennium era (2004).
The Giant Condor was proposed to appear in the 2004 film "", but the plans were discarded from the film.

</doc>
<doc id="7050057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050057" title="Ace Atkins">
Ace Atkins

Ace Atkins (born June 28, 1970) is an American journalist and author. He became a full-time novelist at the age of 30.
Biography.
Born in 1970, Atkins is the son of NFL player Billy Atkins.
Atkins lettered for the Auburn University football team in 1992 and 1993.
Atkins was featured on the "Sports Illustrated" cover commemorating the Tigers' perfect 11-0 season of 1993. The cover shows Atkins celebrating after sacking future Heisman Trophy winner Danny Wuerffel of the Florida Gators. Atkins wore number 99 for the Tigers.
Atkins graduated from Auburn University in 1994.
Atkins worked as a crime reporter in the newsroom of "The Tampa Tribune" before he published his first novel, "Crossroad Blues" (1998). While at the "Tribune", Atkins earned a Pulitzer Prize nomination for a feature series based on his investigation into a forgotten murder of the 1950s. The story became the core of his critically acclaimed novel, "White Shadow", which was commented on positively by noted authors and critics. In his next novels, "Wicked City" and "Devil's Garden", Atkins continued this kind of story-telling, a style that was compared to that of Dennis Lehane and George Pelecanos.
"White Shadow" (2006), "Wicked City" (2008), and "Devil's Garden" (2009) are personal books for Atkins, all set in his former homes: San Francisco, where he lived as a child; Alabama, his family's home and where he was born and went to college; and Tampa, where he embarked on his career as a writer. Each novel contains bits of himself – friends and colleagues he once knew, people he respected or admired, family members, and personal heroes.
In "Devil's Garden", Atkins explores the early life of one of those heroes: Dashiell Hammett, the originator of the hard-boiled crime novel. As a Pinkerton Agency detective, Hammett investigated the rape and manslaughter case against early Hollywood star Roscoe Arbuckle, one of the most sensational trials of the 20th Century. Atkins' novel "Infamous" (2010) is based on the 1933 Charles Urschel kidnapping and subsequent misadventures of the gangster couple George "Machine Gun" and Kathryn Kelly.
In 2011, Atkins was selected by the estate of Robert B. Parker to take over writing the Spenser series of novels. "The Boston Globe" wrote that while some people might have "viewed the move as unseemly, those people didn't know Robert B. Parker, a man who, when asked how his books would be viewed in 50 years, replied: 'Don't know, don't care.' He was proud of his work, but he mainly saw writing as a means of providing a comfortable life for his family." His 2016 Parker novel "Slow Burn" won a Scribe Award for Best Original Novel. 
Personal life.
In a 2023 interview for CrimeReads,
Atkins said he’s been living for the past twenty years on a historic farm outside Oxford, Mississippi with his family.

</doc>
<doc id="7050068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050068" title="Apple's Safari">
Apple's Safari



</doc>
<doc id="7050097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050097" title="Kaf">
Kaf



</doc>
<doc id="7050103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050103" title="Salty Mike">
Salty Mike



</doc>
<doc id="7050104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050104" title="Wilh. Wilhelmsen">
Wilh. Wilhelmsen

Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding ASA (WWH) is a Norwegian multinational maritime group, headquartered in Lysaker, Norway. The group employs more than 21,000 people and has operations in 75 nations. The Wilhelmsen group operates the largest maritime network in the world, with over 2200 locations worldwide.
The WW group was founded on 1 October 1861 in Tønsberg. The company's first vessel was the barque "Mathilde" in 1886. Halfdan Wilhelmsen was forward thinking and realised that steamboats were the future, therefore in 1887 he bought the vessel "Talabot." It was only after they bought "Talabot" that the company started making profits. Thence, all their ships have been named, started with the letter "T", often leading to the same name given repeatedly to different ships over time. For example, there have been at least four ships named "Talabot" ranging from tankers to ro-ro vessels.
Since 1978 the main owners have been the siblings Cecilie Paus and Helen Juell, and their now deceased brothers Wilhelm Wilhelmsen and Finn Wilhelmsen. Their children, the fifth generation of the Wilhelmsen family, are Thomas Wilhelmsen, Olympia Paus, Pontine Paus, Cathrine Løvenskiold Wilhelmsen, Hedvig Juell, Maren Juell, Hannah Wilhelmsen, Monica Wilhelmsen and Julie Wilhelmsen.
History.
In 1861, the company was founded by (Morten) Wilhelm Wilhelmsen in the town of Tønsberg, Norway. During the next two decades, Wilhelmsen's fleet increased with an average of one ship per year and by 1886 Wilhelmsen was Tønsberg's largest shipowner.
In 1886, Wilhelmsen's eldest son, Halfdan Wilhelmsen joined the firm and was instrumental in the company's move from sail ships to its first steamship. In late 1887, the company acquired the 1,800-ton freighter, "Talabot". The steamship was a profitable investment for the Wilhelmsens and the letter "T" became synonymous with the company's naming tradition for its vessels.
In 1890, Halfdan Wilhelmsen laid the basis of the company's core business - liner trades. In 1911 NAAL (The Norwegian Africa and Australia Line) was established.
A turning point in the expansion of the Roll-on/roll-off operations was the full acquisition in November 1995 of NAL (Norwegian America Line) and its 7 Car Carriers.
NAL also owned a 70% stake in NOSAC (Norwegian Specialised Autocarcarriers), already in partnership with Wilh. Wilhelmsen Line, that was owning the remaining 30% share. 
At that time, NAL was facing a cargo volume downturn and an overall profits reduction, that made register lower than expected financial results in 1994-1995.
However the NOSAC takeover was fundamental not only to increase the fleet of nearly further 20 Car Carrier vessels, but also to fully step into the Korean market, where the company was previously awarded Kia Motors contract to ship cars from South Korea to United States, from 1996 to 1998.
Wilhelmsen family.
The company's owners, the Wilhelmsen family, are descended from Wilhelm Zachariassen Holst (ca. 1732–1807), who worked at Vallø saltverk. His great-grandson was shipping magnate (Morten) Wilhelm Wilhelmsen (1839–1910), the founder of Wilh. Wilhelmsen. He was the father of ship-owner Halfdan Wilhelmsen (1864–1923), factory owner Finn Wilhelmsen (1867–1951), ship-owner Wilhelm Wilhelmsen (1872–1955) and businessman Axel Wilhelmsen (1881–1957).
Halfdan Wilhelmsen was the father of Mistress of the Robes Else Werring (1905–89), married to ship-owner Niels Roth Heyerdahl Werring (1897–1990). Wilhelm Wilhelmsen (1872) was the father of ship-owner Tom Wilhelmsen (1911–78), who was the father of the owners of the Wilh. Wilhelmsen company: Morten Wilhelm Wilhelmsen (1937–2020), Cecilie Paus (born 1943) and Helen Juell (born 1947). Cecilie Paus is the mother of fashion designer Pontine Paus and of Olympia Paus, wife of Alexander Nix.
1989 Partnair Crash.
In September 1989, Partnair Flight 394 crashed en route to the christening ceremony for a new ship in Hamburg. The flight had been chartered by the shipping company. 50 employees were killed, including the top two levels of management.
Current operations.
Shipping.
WW conducts shipping activities and specialises in roll-on roll off cargo, especially for large project and awkward cargoes like train coaches, small aircraft and large industrial machinery. This is aided by the fact that their Ro-ro vessels have large ramps that can support up to 420 tonnes cargo weight at a time. Together with its partners (EUKOR and Wallenius Lines), the group controls some 160 car and roll-on/roll-off carriers operating in a global network of trades. Its customers include manufacturers of cars as well as construction and agricultural machinery. In the car carrier market, they are the third largest carrier tonnage wise after MOL and NYK Line. On an annual basis, WW's shipping companies transport 5 million cars and 12 million cubic metres of high and heavy and non-containerised cargoes.
The group both owns and charters vessels, which are deployed in the fleets operated by subsidiaries Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics, American Roll-on Roll-off Carrier, United European Car Carriers and EUKOR Car Carriers. This last, corresponding to the former Roll-on/roll-off division of Hyundai Merchant Marine, was jointly acquired for an 80% by Wilhelmsen and Wallenius Line in November 2002, once the European Commission officially cleared the purchase and consequent re-branding.
In June 2011, Wilh. Wilhelmsen acquired the , first of a class of "Mark V" roro ships built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries; they are the largest roro ships in the world.
Logistics services.
In association with maritime transport, WW offers various types of logistics service on land – terminal and technical services, procurement of inland transport and supply chain management for vehicles. In addition to logistical services offered through WWL, the WW group has interests in South Korea's Glovis, Australia's Kaplan and the two US companies American Auto Logistics and American Logistics Network.
Maritime services.
Wilhelmsen's maritime service segment includes ships service, ship management, insurance services and other maritime services activities. The group offers services like agencies in many ports. They are one of the world's largest providers of third-party ship management services. The WW group provides full technical management, crewing and related services for all major vessel types, this also includes 50% of NorSea Wind. Furthermore, they sell marine products, marine chemicals, maritime logistics and ships agency. Additionally the group provides marine and non-marine insurance for internal and external clients.
Supply services.
The supply services segment includes NorSea Group, WilNor Governmental Services and other supply service activities. The WW group owns ~75,2% of NorSea Group which provides supply bases and logistics to the offshore industry. Moreover, WilNor Governmental Services (WGS) provides military logistics services in Norway and internationally. In 2018 WGS provided host nation support to both Allied and Norwegian forces during the NATO exercise "Trident Juncture 18". In collaboration with the Norwegian Armed Forces, WGS developed a web-based ordering system named HOBS (short for Host Nation Support Order and Billing System). This technological innovation eased the process of ordering before and during as well as billing after the exercise to both participating and hosting nations. Wilhelmsen owns 51% of the company directly, with the remaining 49% owned through NorSea Group.
Accidents and casualties.
During the early hours of 14 December 2002, MV Tricolor (ex Nosac Sun, built in 1987) was sailing from Zeebrugge, Belgium to Southampton, U.K., with a load of nearly 2871 brand new BMW, Volvo and SAAB automobiles. 
She collided in the English Channel with mv Kariba, a 1982 Bahamian-flagged container ship. Kariba was able to continue on, but Tricolor sank and required salvage by wreck cutting. No casualties occurred.
In between end of 2018 and beginning of 2019, at least two operated vessels ("MV Thalatta" and "MV Morning Composer") heading towards Australian ports, were stopped by the Australian authorities being suspected to carry cargo contaminated by the presence of the Brown marmorated stink bug. The vessels faced serious delays, and were asked to leave Australia territorial waters after a long wait at anchorage, being finally denied to enter any port until new fumigation performed on all cargo.

</doc>
<doc id="7050116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050116" title="Imperial Heights, Michigan">
Imperial Heights, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050121" title="The Good, the Bad and the Queen (album)">
The Good, the Bad and the Queen (album)



</doc>
<doc id="7050123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050123" title="Nandi Award for Best Feature Film">
Nandi Award for Best Feature Film

This is the list of winners of the Nandi Award for Best Feature Films since 1964.

</doc>
<doc id="7050129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050129" title="Tioga, Michigan">
Tioga, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050136" title="George Kennedy (Georges Kendall)">
George Kennedy (Georges Kendall)



</doc>
<doc id="7050145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050145" title="Captain Teague">
Captain Teague



</doc>
<doc id="7050149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050149" title="Prosper (disambiguation)">
Prosper (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="7050151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050151" title="Tunis, Michigan">
Tunis, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050154" title="Wrong About Japan">
Wrong About Japan

Wrong about Japan is a 2005 book by Peter Carey. It is subtitled "A Father's Journey with his Son".
Superficially a piece of travel writing, "Wrong About Japan" is a partially fictionalized account of Carey's cultural investigation of Japan alongside his son, Charley.
Overview.
Carey relates his experience traveling to Japan with his twelve-year-old son Charley, a fan of manga and anime. During this trip, Carey meets, together with his son, and interviews Yoshiyuki Tomino and Hayao Miyazaki. The main theme of the book is the contrast between the son, mostly interested in manga, anime, and technology, and the father, interested in Japanese history and traditional culture. Another important aspect of the book is the difficulty Carey encounters in his attempts as a foreigner in understanding Japanese culture. 
Reception.
Peter Conrad of "The Observer" called "Wrong About Japan" "an odd, unnecessary little book" and a "disengaged feat of thumb-twiddling." Marcel Theroux of "The New York Times" wrote that "anyone who wants to find out about Japan or manga will be better served elsewhere." Ian Sansom of "The Guardian" expressed suspicion that Takashi, Carey's son's friend "who pops up unexpectedly and at all the right moments and appears too good to be true," might not be a real person. Carey later confirmed in a television interview that Takashi was a fictional character. In a 2017 retrospective review, Stephen Mansfield of "The Japan Times" noted that "Wrong About Japan" was "not universally appreciated when it was first published in 2005, but time has proven it to be a small, highly original contribution to books on this country."

</doc>
<doc id="7050159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050159" title="Ann-Margaret Carrozza">
Ann-Margaret Carrozza

Ann-Margaret E. Carrozza (born December 17, 1966) is an American lawyer and politician from New York, who was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1997 to 2010.
She has appeared in numerous episodes of the "Dr. Phil Show" as well as on CNN, Fox News, Good Morning America, Today, Entertainment Tonight, Extra, Tamron Hall, and Fox Business. In 2024 Carrozza began hosting a New York area radio show called "The Laws of Your Money" on WCBS 880. The show continued to air with above average ratings for the time slot until the station's decision to abandon its "all news format" took effect on August 26th, 2024. In November of that year Carrozza began hosting a show of the same name on WOR 710 which airs Sundays at 10:30am ET and can be streamed on IHeartRadio.
Biography.
Carrozza completed undergraduate studies at SUNY Albany and Empire State College. She received her Juris Doctor degree from the Hofstra University School of Law. Prior to her election to the State Assembly, Carrozza served as a court attorney for Civil Court Judge Peter O'Donoghue and as a clinical intern in the Queens County District Attorney's Office.
She was a member of the New York State Assembly (26th D.) from 1997 to 2010, sitting in the 192nd, 193rd, 194th, 195th, 196th, 197th and 198th New York State Legislatures. Her district comprised East Flushing, Douglaston, Whitestone, Little Neck, Floral Park, Bay Terrace, and Bayside among other neighborhoods located in Northeast Queens. Carrozza was Chair of the Standing Committee on State and Federal Relations, as well as a member of several other standing committees, including Aging, Banks, Governmental Employees and Insurance.
On March 26, 2010, Carrozza announced that she would not be seeking re-election. She currently heads an elder law practice, with offices in Bayside, Queens, Port Jefferson, Glen Head, and Manhattan, and lives in Glen Head with her husband William Duke and her two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="7050163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050163" title="Drawn From Memory">
Drawn From Memory



</doc>
<doc id="7050169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050169" title="Eastern Orthodox Church theology">
Eastern Orthodox Church theology



</doc>
<doc id="7050173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050173" title="Vermilac, Michigan">
Vermilac, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050175" title="Richard and Mrs. Tweak">
Richard and Mrs. Tweak



</doc>
<doc id="7050176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050176" title="Jesus Built My Hotrod">
Jesus Built My Hotrod

"Jesus Built My Hotrod" is a song by American industrial metal band Ministry, released as the first single from their fifth studio album, "". It was written by the band's frontman Al Jourgensen, bassist Paul Barker, drummer Bill Rieflin, session keyboardist Michael Balch, and guest vocalist Gibby Haynes of the Butthole Surfers, and was co-produced by Jourgensen and Barker. An industrial metal track with a polyrhythmic structure, the song also features elements of rockabilly and psychobilly, and is influenced by the Trashmen 1963 hit "Surfin' Bird", and Flannery O'Connor's novel "Wise Blood".
The song was first released as a single in November 1991, backed with the B-side "TV Song" based on lyrics by Chris Connelly; re-edited versions of both tracks were included in "Psalm 69", as well as various compilation albums. The single reached No. 19 in the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart with approximately 128,000 copies as of mid-July 1992, preceding the later success of "Psalm 69".
Background.
Stories regarding the song's recording, given in various accounts over the years, hold that the first Lollapalooza tour, with Butthole Surfers featured in its lineup, came to Chicago to perform in Summer 1991. After the Surfers’ performance, lead singer Gibby Haynes visited the Chicago Trax! studios. There, Ministry frontman Al Jourgensen asked Haynes if he could record vocals for the song, then only featuring guitar and drum parts with no vocals, mainly due to its beat structure. While alleged to be drunk at this point, Haynes had been performing his parts for some time, before falling asleep.
As Jourgensen later explained, he spent about two or three weeks at home after that session, editing the tapes on a two-track recorder in order to render Haynes' performance as somewhat listenable. He then overdubbed additional instrumental parts, samples from drag racing competitions and tape noises. In the end, Jourgensen and bandmates added a spoken-word intro to fit Haynes' “moronic” singing. Around the same time, guitarist Mike Scaccia and drummer Bill Rieflin had recorded a demo of themselves playing as fast as they could; initially conceived as a joke, it became the single's flipside, “TV Song”.
After he finished editing, Jourgensen was contacted by Sire Records about getting new recorded material for the next album. Left with little choice, Jourgensen sent in a tape of “Jesus Built My Hotrod”, since it was the only song he had by this time. Sire staff were irritated with only having “Jesus Built My Hotrod” to release, and as well that most of an advance, initially intended for the record, were spent by Jourgensen and his acquaintances on drugs. Jourgensen told them to either release the song and pay another advance, or terminate the contract. The label chose to release the song, with no further expectations from the band.
Music and lyrical themes.
“Jesus Built My Hotrod” is an industrial metal, speed metal, thrash metal, and alternative metal song which features elements of rockabilly and psychobilly; on "Psalm 69", it is the fifth track with a length of four minutes and fifty-one seconds. The track was written by Al Jourgensen, Paul Barker, Bill Rieflin, and Michael Balch with lyrics credited to Gibby Haynes, and was co-produced by Jourgensen and Barker under their respective aliases, Hypo Luxa and Hermes Pan.
In a 2016 interview, Jourgensen said that the song was partially inspired by his youth experiences with his stepfather, a stock car driver and mechanic. Commenting on Ministry's work for "Spin Alternative Record Guide", writer Eric Weisbard likened it to “an updated, theorized” version of the Trashmen 1963 hit “Surfin' Bird”; AllMusic’s editor Steve Huey supports this point in the song review.
The song begins with a spoken word intro, which refers to Jerry Lee Lewis as “the devil” and Jesus Christ as “an architect previous to his career as a prophet” respectively. In the “Redline/Whiteline Version”, it is followed by sampled lines of Hazel Motes (portrayed by Brad Dourif) from 1979 film "Wise Blood", before cutting immediately into the main section, which contains Haynes’ scat-like singing set to the drum beat performed in common time signature () with guitar riff—attributed to Jourgensen and repeated throughout most of the song. The “Redline/Whiteline Version” also features a sampled line of Frank Booth (portrayed by Dennis Hopper) from David Lynch’s 1986 film "Blue Velvet", as well as dialogues from drag race competitions. The song ends with another spoken word part, saying: “Jesus built my car / it's a love affair / mainly Jesus and my hot rod.”
Release and reception.
"Jesus Built My Hotrod" was released on November 7, 1991, little more than half a year before it appeared on "Psalm 69", in three formats (vinyl records, CD and CS), with promo copies accompanied by a free quart of motor oil. It was quickly successful, which was said to be unexpected by commentators including Jourgensen. As of mid-July 1992, "Jesus Built My Hotrod" sold 128,000 copies, and was considered one of Warner Bros.’ best-selling CD singles along with Depeche Mode’s “Personal Jesus” and Madonna’s “Vogue” in October 1992. In 2013, Jourgensen claimed that the single sold over 1.5 million copies worldwide.
The song has received significant critical acclaim. In a short review for AllMusic, John Book gave the single three of five stars, praising Jourgensen’s guitar performance, while his fellow editor Steve Huey hailed it as one of Ministry's "best-known songs". Writing for the "Los Angeles Times", Robert Hilburn called the song "a guaranteed classic".
Despite being a fan favorite, “Jesus Built My Hotrod” was not featured during the "Psalm 69" tours, to some authors' wondering; it wasn't until 1999 when the song made appearance during the "Dark Side of the Spoon" tour, since present in Ministry's live setlist during the 2000s and the 2010s. In the November 2008 issue of "Guitar World", Jourgensen explains that as he doesn't “have [his] heart into it,” he wouldn't perform it without Haynes.
Artwork and music video.
The front cover for the single was designed by Paul Elledge, who also did the artwork for "Psalm 69". In a 2013 interview Elledge said that Jourgensen and Barker, infatuated with a Chrysler Hemi engine, had favored idea of having "a super-industrial shot of an engine that was kind of like what you would see at a factory, not on an album cover." Instead of taking a photo of an engine, Elledge requested it from Chrysler representatives.
The accompanying video for the song was also directed by Elledge; the band convinced the Warner Bros. representatives to shoot the video with Elledge, despite the latter having no experience in filming. Elledge listened to the song 100 times or more, before creating a storyboard. Commenting on the shoot, Elledge said that he wanted “to make it so that some things I shot people would think was stock (footage) and some things that were stock were things I shot.” Elledge spent three days shooting the band and others featured in the video, as well as doing the animation. From three takes, the final cut was edited in six weeks.
The official video, uploaded on 27 Oct 2009 to the Warner Records Vault channel on YouTube, has been edited so that the opening lyrics say:
Legacy.
Later recordings.
The album version of the song is in Ministry's 2001 compilation album "Greatest Fits"; remixed and re-recorded versions appear on several Ministry compilations, including 2005's "Rantology", 2008's "Cover Up", 2010's ""/"Undercover" and 2011's "The Very Best of Fixes and Remixes". For the "Rantology" version, subtitled “Update Mix”, a new introduction was recorded by Haynes. The song's lyrics have been supposedly recycled for Butthole Surfers' 1993 song “Some Dispute Over T-Shirt Sales”, from "Independent Worm Saloon".
Notable cover versions of the song were recorded by The Bosshoss (for their 2006 album "Rodeo Rodeo") and Lamb of God (for 2018 cover album "", as Burn the Priest). Commenting on the Lamb of God recording, frontman Randy Blythe admitted that he didn't consider it a good idea, until he performed vocals; instead of requesting permissions for the original cut's samples, the band chose to voice these themselves. The Burn the Priest version made an appearance on an episode of "The Flash". Finnish band Eläkeläiset has recorded a cover version of the song in Finnish as "Niilo Yli-Vainio tervasi potkukelkkani jalakset" ("Niilo Yli-Vainio smeared the runners of my kicksled with tar").
Appearances and references in popular culture.
“Jesus Built My Hotrod” was featured in the first trailer of Seth Grahame-Smith’s 2009 parody book "Pride and Prejudice and Zombies".
A lyric from the spoken word intro ("Ding a ding dang my dang a long ling long") was used (without spaces) as a cheat code in the video game "Sleepwalker". In August 2010, the song became available for download in the "Rock Band" series of games. The song was also featured in the 2014 Ubisoft video game, "Watch Dogs", both as a song available in game, and as a diegetic backdrop for a set piece during the game's storyline; one reviewer called it a "fantastic moment". The song was also featured in the 2008 racing game "".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from liner notes of the “Jesus Built My Hotrod” single, "Psalm 69: The Way to Succeed and the Way to Suck Eggs" and "Greatest Fits".

</doc>
<doc id="7050187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050187" title="Chapel Allerton, Somerset">
Chapel Allerton, Somerset

Chapel Allerton is a village and civil parish, south of Cheddar in the English county of Somerset. The parish includes the hamlets of Ashton and Stone Allerton.
History.
The name comes from "Aelfweard's settlement", with the chapel prefix being added in 1708 to distinguish it from the adjoining Stone Allerton. The manor was brought in 1492 by John Gunthorpe and passed to the Bishop of Wells.
Chapel Allerton was part of the hundred of Bempstone.
Chapel Allerton forms part of Sedgemoor district and is located southwest of Cheddar. It is noted for the striking Ashton windmill nearby.
Governance.
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council's operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
For local government purposes, since 1 April 2023, the village comes under the unitary authority of Somerset Council. Prior to this, it was part of the non-metropolitan district of Sedgemoor, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Axbridge Rural District. 
It is also part of the Wells and Mendip Hills county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. It was part of the South West England constituency of the European Parliament before Britain left the European Union in January 2020, which elected seven MEPs using the d'Hondt method of party-list proportional representation.
Listed buildings.
The parish church dates from the 13th century and has been designated by English Heritage as a grade II listed building. A restored cross in the graveyard is also grade II listed, as is the adjacent Manor Farmhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="7050198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050198" title="Zeba, Michigan">
Zeba, Michigan

Zeba () is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The CDP had a population of 397 at the 2020 census. The community is located near the southern end of the Keweenaw Bay just north of the village of L'Anse within L'Anse Township.
History.
The community was named Zeba (which means river in the Ojibwa language) because of a small stream that runs southeast of it. A post office operated here from September 3, 1910, until June 30, 1912, and from April 16, 1913, until November 30, 1933. Zeba is where the original hangers are from. The Zeba Indian United Methodist Church is designated as a Michigan State Historic Site.
Zeba has a history very similar to that of nearby L'Anse, since the same missionaries and traders were established in both places. The American Fur Trading Company had a post in Zeba, and was a major shipping point for furs, hides, and sandstone. Zeba was initially founded in 1831 when Father Frederic Baraga, a Catholic priest, arrived and established the area's first mission along the southern shore of Lake Superior's Keweenaw Bay near present-day L'Anse. Early settlers included Peter Marksman Sr, Peter Hall, William Bass, and Benjamin George.
On the bluff overlooking the lake, the Gothic-style Zeba Indian United Methodist church, originally known as the Kewawenon Mission and constructed in 1888, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Two miles inland, the cemetery on Indian Cemetery Road in the Pinery dates from the 1840s, and is unique in its use of "spirit houses" instead of the more traditional gravestones. Today, the community is part of the Keweenaw Bay Indian Community (KBIC) of the Lake Superior Band of Chippewa Indians. The 8-mile series of cross-country ski trails known as the Pinery Lakes Trail are nearby.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 480 people, 183 households, and 132 families residing in the CDP. The racial makeup of the CDP was 45.2% White, 46.9% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 7.7% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.3% of the population. The ancestry make up was 10.55% German, 3.96% Irish, 3.43% Ukrainian, 2.37% Canadian, 1.85% Welsh, 1.32% Dutch, 1.32% English, 1.32% French, 1.06% Croatian, 1.06% European, 70.71% other.

</doc>
<doc id="7050211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050211" title="Andrice Arp">
Andrice Arp

Andrice Arp (born 1969 in Los Angeles) is a U.S. comics artist and illustrator, and the daughter of astronomer Halton Arp. She has been a contributor to the self-published comic "Hi-Horse". In 2004, "Hi-Horse Omnibus", comprising all new material, was published by Alternative Comics. Arp also contributed to the comics anthology "Mome".
In September 2006, Arp's work was featured in an exhibit at the Cartoon Art Museum in San Francisco, as well as a museum in New York.
Her illustrations have appeared in "Shout" magazine, "Kitchen Sink" magazine, and "The New York Times". Arp has illustrated three covers of "Scram, a Journal of Unpopular Culture" (issues #1, #10 and #20). She also works as an illustrator for the book-swapping web site BookMooch, restaurant-music provider MoodMixes, and audio engineering company ToneGnome.

</doc>
<doc id="7050212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050212" title="South Brooklyn Health">
South Brooklyn Health

NYC Health + Hospitals/South Brooklyn Health is a public teaching hospital located in the Coney Island neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. It is owned by NYC Health + Hospitals, a public benefit corporation of the city. The hospital is home to FDNY-EMS Station 43, formerly NYC-EMS Station 31, and is a major clinical affiliate for clinical clerkship with the New York Institute of Technology College of Osteopathic Medicine.
The hospital was previously named Coney Island Hospital. It received its current name in 2023 as part of a reconstruction of the hospital campus that included a replacement of the old main hospital tower with the new Ruth Bader Ginsburg Hospital building.
History.
1875-2000.
In 1875, Coney Island Hospital began as a first aid station on the oceanfront beach near West Third Street. It was called the Sea Breeze Hospital but officially known as Reception Hospital, an annex of the Kings County Hospital. It had 20 beds and facilities for emergency treatment. Patients requiring more were taken to Kings County Hospital, about seven miles away, in a horse-drawn ambulance.
Construction of "the first part of the Hammett Pavilion, the yellow building facing Ocean Parkway," to build a 100-bed hospital, began in 1908, north of Coney Island Creek and east of Ocean Parkway. 
With the help of Robert W. Hebberd, Coney Island Hospital was dedicated on May 18, 1910, then a six-building complex. The Hammett Pavilion was enlarged 1926 to 1928, resulting in 300 beds and five more floors. Population growth continued and so in 1954 the two white brick towers that make up the current hospital were opened.
2000-Present.
In Spring 2006, Coney Island Hospital opened a new inpatient bed tower.
By 2011, the hospital became the biggest employer in southern Brooklyn. Hurricane Irene resulted in the hospital's first full-scale evacuation, since the buildings are located in Flood Zone A. Coney Island Hospital was severely damaged in 2012 due to Hurricane Sandy. The Ida G. Israel Community Health Center was renovated and reopened in 2015. 
As a result of the Hurricane Sandy damage, in 2018, construction for an eleven-story structure began to replace the Hammett Pavilion. Hospital officials announced in August 2021 that the new building would be named after the late U.S. Supreme Court justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Following the opening of the new building, the hospital was to be renamed to South Brooklyn Health. The Ruth Bader Ginsburg Hospital building opened on May 2, 2023, cost $923 million in total, and includes a statue of Ruth Bader Ginsburg in the lobby.
In February 2025, the Ida G. Israel Community Health Center opened in Coney Island.
Services.
The hospital has been recognized for clinical innovations in Primary Care, Adolescent Medicine, Nuclear Medicine and Emergency Services. Interpreter services are available 24/7 in over 130 languages, though changing demographics has resulted in challenges for staff.
At 371 beds, Coney Island Hospital is the major medical service provider in southern Brooklyn with over 15,000 discharges and over 255,000 outpatient visits. The hospital's emergency department was renovated after Hurricane Sandy and now handles nearly 90,000 annual visits. As part of the upcoming renovation, Coney Island Hospital is planned to downsize to 351 beds, but with single-patient rooms in the new building.
Controversy.
The 2016 day-after-admission death of a patient who was treated as if emotionally disturbed and shackled to her bed was investigated and found to be due to mistreatment, resulting in "three of the facility’s top officials" leaving their positions and several others reduced in rank or taking early retirement. At the time, there had been reports the "scores of people had been hired at Coney Island Hospital without proper authorization".

</doc>
<doc id="7050221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050221" title="Mossley Hill (Liverpool ward)">
Mossley Hill (Liverpool ward)

Mossley Hill is an electoral division of Liverpool City Council in the Liverpool Wavertree Parliamentary constituency.
Background.
The ward was first formed for the 2004 municipal elections and its boundaries were changed for the 2023 elections.
2004 ward.
 The ward was created from the former Grassendale and Aigburth wards.
The population of the ward at the 2021 census was 12,041.
2023 ward.
The ward boundaries were changed in 2023 following a review by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England which decided that the existing 30 wards each represented by three Councillors should be replaced by 64 wards represented by 85 councillors with varying representation by one, two or three councillors per ward.
The Mossley Hill ward was recreated as a single-member ward, taking the eastern half of the former Mossley Hill ward and a small portion of the former Cressington ward. The ward boundaries follow Elmswood Road, the West Coast Mainline, behind Lanville Road, Brodie Avenue, Glenhead Road, Aigburth Hall Road, behind The Serpentine, Aigburth Road, behind Barkhill Road, and North Sudley Road. The ward includes Sudley House, John Moores University I.M. Marsh Campus, and Mossley Hill railway station.
The population of the ward at the 2021 census was 5,529.
Councillors.
 indicates seat up for re-election after boundary changes.
 indicates seat up for re-election.
 indicates change in affiliation.
 indicates seat up for re-election after casual vacancy.
Lynnie Hinnigan (née Williams) was elected for the Liberal Democrats in 2008 and defected to Labour in 2011, she then stood aside from the ward at the next election where a new Labour councillor was elected.
Election results.
Elections of the 2000s.
After the boundary change of 2004 the whole of Liverpool City Council faced election. Three Councillors were returned.
• "italics" denotes the sitting Councillor
• bold denotes the winning candidate

</doc>
<doc id="7050233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050233" title="Metal (Preston Reed album)">
Metal (Preston Reed album)

Metal is guitarist Preston Reed's first recording for Dusty Closet Records. It was re-released in 2002 on his own label, Outer Bridge Records (OB1002). The re-release includes a different version of the title track.
Reception.
Music critic Robert Taylor of AllMusic praised the album, writing that Reed "never sounds mechanical. Rather, Reed creates memorable melodies with shifting percussive patterns that give the selections an organized, but relaxed feel... Required listening for guitarists of any style, or fans of beautiful acoustic."
Track listing.
(All songs by Preston Reed) The track listing is in the order used on the re-release.

</doc>
<doc id="7050239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050239" title="Marc (Ugly Betty character)">
Marc (Ugly Betty character)



</doc>
<doc id="7050244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050244" title="Indiana's 9th congressional district">
Indiana's 9th congressional district

Indiana's 9th congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Indiana. Located in south-central and southeastern Indiana, the district includes the Indiana side of the Louisville metropolitan area. The district's largest city is Bloomington, home to Indiana University.
The district is currently represented by Erin Houchin, first elected in 2022.
Composition.
Indiana counties within the 9th Congressional District, and the major cities within the county:
As of 2023, Indiana's 9th congressional district is located in southeastern Indiana. It encompasses Brown, Clark, Dearborn, Decatur, Floyd, Franklin, Harrison, Jackson, Jefferson, Jennings, Lawrence, Monroe, Ohio, Ripley, Scott, Switzerland, and Washington counties, and most of Bartholomew County.
Bartholomew County is split between this district and the 6th district. They are partitioned by Indiana County Rd West 300 South and Indiana County Rd 400 South. The 9th district takes in part of the city of Columbus, and the three townships of Jackson, Ohio, and Wayne, as well as most of the township of Sand Creek.
In popular culture.
In a May 2020 special episode of the comedy series "Parks and Recreation", the district is shown as being represented by Ben Wyatt (D-Pawnee; portrayed by Adam Scott).

</doc>
<doc id="7050252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050252" title="Overboard &amp; Down">
Overboard &amp; Down

Overboard &amp; Down is the fifth EP by indie band Okkervil River, released for their 2006 Australian tour. It is a mix of new material, an old song recorded live, and a Big Star cover ("O, Dana").

</doc>
<doc id="7050257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050257" title="Picton (ward)">
Picton (ward)

Picton ward was an electoral division of Liverpool City Council centred on the Edge Hill, Liverpool district of Liverpool.
Background.
The ward was first established in 1953 and its boundaries were changed in 1974, 1980 and 2004 before being dissolved in 2023.
1980 boundaries.
The ward boundary was changed for the 1980 elections. A report of the Local Government Boundary Commission for England published in November 1978 set out proposals for changes to the wards of Liverpool City Council, maintaining the number of councillors at 99 representing 33 wards. Picton ward was represented by three councillors.
The report describes the boundaries of Picton ward as "Commencing at a point where Smithdown Road meets the eastern boundary of Smithdown Ward, thence generally northeastwards, generally northwestwards and southeastwards along said boundary to the southern boundary of Kensington Ward, thence eastwards along said boundary to Rathbone Road, thence southwestwards along said road to Shanklin Road, thence eastwards and southwards along said road to Sandown Road, thence eastwards and southwestwards along said road and continuing southwestwards along Sandown Lane to High Street, thence southeastwards along said street to Grange Terrace, thence southwestwards along said terrace and continuing southwards along the path across Wavertree Playground, between Grange Terrace and Smithdown Road, to Smithdown Road, thence westwards along said road to Garmoyle Road, thence northwestwards along said road to Wellington Avenue, thence southwestwards along said avenue to Smithdown Road, thence northwestwards along said road to the point of commencement".
2004 boundaries.
A review by the Boundary Committee for England recommended that the council was formed of a reduced number of 90 members elected from 30 wards. The ward was formed from the former Picton ward, losing some of the pre-2004 ward and gaining from the former Kensington, Smithdown and Arundel wards. The ward was part of the Liverpool Wavertree Parliamentary constituency. 
The population at the 2011 census was 17,009, and at the 2021 Census was 18,906.
Councillors.
 indicates seat up for re-election after boundary changes.
 indicates seat up for re-election.
 indicates change in affiliation.
 indicates seat up for re-election after casual vacancy.
Election results.
Elections of the 2000s.
After the boundary change of 2004 the whole of Liverpool City Council faced election. Three Councillors were returned.
• "italics" - Denotes the sitting Councillor.
• bold - Denotes the winning candidate.

</doc>
<doc id="7050261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050261" title="Newcastle Sunday (video)">
Newcastle Sunday (video)



</doc>
<doc id="7050262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050262" title="New River Trail">
New River Trail



</doc>
<doc id="7050263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050263" title="Cerball mac Dunlainge">
Cerball mac Dunlainge



</doc>
<doc id="7050265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050265" title="Molesting the Decapitated">
Molesting the Decapitated



</doc>
<doc id="7050269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050269" title="Kathryn Ptacek">
Kathryn Ptacek

Kathryn Grant, née Ptacek (born September 12, 1952) is an American writer and editor. Since 1981, she has published science fiction, fantasy, horror, suspense, and romance short stories and novels under her maiden and married names, and under the pseudonyms Les Simons, Kathryn Atwood, Anne Mayfield, and Kathleen Maxwell. She is the editor and publisher of the writers-market magazine "The Gila Queen's Guide to Markets".
Biography.
Kathryn Anne Ptacek was born on September 12, 1952, in Omaha, Nebraska, United States, but she was raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico. She received her B.A. in Journalism, with a minor in history, with honors from the University of New Mexico in 1974. She was married to Charles L. Grant from February 1982 until his death in 2006.
She has also edited several anthologies of short stories. Her short story "Each Night, Each Year" was nominated for the 1989 Bram Stoker Award for Best Short Fiction.
Bibliography.
This is a partial bibliography of her work.
Anthologies edited.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="7050280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050280" title="Germany Army Aviators Corps">
Germany Army Aviators Corps



</doc>
<doc id="7050285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050285" title="United States House of Representatives, Indiana District 9">
United States House of Representatives, Indiana District 9



</doc>
<doc id="7050286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050286" title="Princes Park (Liverpool ward)">
Princes Park (Liverpool ward)

Princes Park ward is a Liverpool City Council Ward in the Liverpool Riverside Parliamentary constituency. 
Background.
The ward was created in 1895 and was within the Liverpool West Toxteth constituency. The ward was retained during the 1953 boundary review, before being merged with the Granby ward to form Granby Princes Park ward in 1973. The ward was re-created in the 2003 boundary review, and retained as a smaller ward electing one councillor in the 2022 review.
2004 boundaries.
The ward was reinstated for the 2004 Municipal elections taking the whole of the former Granby ward with part of the former Abercromby and Smithdown wards.
The population of the 2004 ward taken at the 2011 census was 17,104. That census showed the ward to be ethnically diverse, with a 53% white, 16% black, 9% asian and 10% mixed ethnicity population.
2023 boundaries.
The ward boundaries were changed in 2023 following a review by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England which decided that the existing 30 wards each represented by three Councillors should be replaced by 64 wards represented by 85 councillors with varying representation by one, two or three councillors per ward. The Princes Park ward was reformed as a single-member ward. The ward boundaries retained the eastern half of the 2004 ward, gaining a small part of the former Greenbank ward. It contains the parts of the Toxteth area, including the Granby Four Streets, Princes Road Synagogue as well as Princes Park itself.
The population of the ward at the 2021 census was 8,221.
Councillors.
 indicates seat up for re-election after boundary changes.
 indicates seat up for re-election.
 indicates change in affiliation.
 indicates seat up for re-election after casual vacancy.
Election results.
Elections of the 2020s.
§Lucille Harvey was a re-standing councillor for the former Princes Park ward.
Elections of the 2000s.
After the boundary change of 2004 the whole of Liverpool City Council faced election. Three Councillors were returned.
• "italics" denotes the sitting Councillor
• bold denotes the winning candidate

</doc>
<doc id="7050292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050292" title="Wrong about Japan">
Wrong about Japan



</doc>
<doc id="7050295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050295" title="Llanerchaeron">
Llanerchaeron

Llanerchaeron, known as "Llanayron House" to its nineteenth-century occupants, is a grade I listed mansion on the River Aeron, designed and built in 1795 by John Nash for Major (later Colonel) William Lewis as a model self-sufficient farm complex located near Ciliau Aeron, some  miles south-east of Aberaeron, Ceredigion, Wales. There is evidence that the house replaced an earlier mansion. A later owner, William Lewes, was the husband of Colonel Lewis's inheriting daughter.
The estate is now in the care of the National Trust. The gardens and the parkland are listed on the Cadw/ICOMOS Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in Wales. The neighbouring parish church of St Non – also redesigned by Nash – has registers of baptisms and burials dating from 1730 and marriages from 1754.
Service facilities.
Much of the historical value derives from the indifference shown by past owners to the farm and outbuildings, which were allowed to remain unimproved and generally untouched with no attempt to demolish or renovate them. As a result it is easy to see and infer exactly where and how essential tasks were performed, often aided by advanced technology, including electricity generated by a water-wheel.
The service facilities include a large laundry and linen-care room, spaces for brewing, butter and cheese making, preparation and salting or smoking of meat and fish, preservation of fruits and vegetables, and a full range of crafts. The estate employed carpenters and a full-time stonemason who designed and built whole buildings as well as overseeing the construction of walls, drying platforms, and other farm requisites.
Walled gardens.
Llanerchaeron's walled gardens are home to dozens of veteran fruit trees, some 200 years old, which are part of the working farm's ongoing organic production. These trees are also important hosts for all kinds of insects, mosses and lichens, and, coupled with the traditional vegetable and herbaceous flower beds, they are a significant wildlife habitat. The gardens and the parkland are designated Grade II on the Cadw/ICOMOS Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in Wales.
Public access.
The estate's former tenant farmland has now mostly been sold but the house and a considerable area of farm, garden, and parkland are opened to the public at limited hours for most of the year, but pre-booking is recommended, especially at busier times such as weekends and bank holidays. The Dylan Thomas Trail also passes the estate.
2010 eisteddfod.
Llanerchaeron estate played host to some 100,000 visitors during the 2010 youth cultural festival, the Urdd National Eisteddfod, held between 31 May and 5 June 2010. This compared with the normal attendance rate of about 35,000 visitors annually.
Work in preparation for the eisteddfod was temporarily halted by the discovery of medieval relics below the ground. This tallied with established knowledge of a large medieval settlement. (See reference below.) There were also anxieties over the possibility of disturbing the habitat of otters.
St Non Church.
The parish church of Llannerchaeron dates back to at least 1284 in the reign of Edward I, when there was a large medieval village in the adjoining parkland which seems to have been deserted around 1500. The cost of the church's remodelling (forty pounds) was met by parishioners, underwritten by Major Lewis. There is no documentation to prove the work was designed by John Nash but it was discussed by a minuted public vestry meeting in 1796, within a year of the completion of Llanayron House. Nash is known to have at least aided design of other peripheral buildings, a minister's house and a coachman's house not far from the church. The internal restoration of the church was paid for in 1878 by Mary Ashby Lewis, the daughter-in-law of William Lewis, who was widowed for 62 years and died in 1917 aged 104. When her husband John had been interred in the family vault on 13 July 1855, it was diaried by an Aberaeron chemist that "There were nine other coffins there; some had been there over 100 years". Since the 1920 disestablishment, the church belongs to the Church in Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="7050305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050305" title="Dasch">
Dasch

Dasch is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7050306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050306" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Instrumental and Symphonic Music">
Grand Prix du Disque for Instrumental and Symphonic Music

The Grand Prix du Disque for Instrumental and Symphonic Music is awarded by the Académie Charles Cros, L'Abbaye, 02570 Chézy sur Marne, France. Categories vary from year to year, and multiple awards may be given in the same year in the same exact category. Instrumental and Symphonic music may include "solo &amp; orchestra (concerto)" or pure "symphonic music". Other subcategories have included "classical symphonic music", "contemporary symphonic music" and "modern concerto".
Orchestras with more than one Grand Prix du Disque win in the category of symphonic music include the Berlin Philharmonic, London Symphony Orchestra, Vienna Philharmonic, Philharmonia Orchestra, Orchestre National de France, Berlin Radio Symphony Orchestra, Orchestre de la Suisse Romande, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, New York Philharmonic, San Francisco Symphony Orchestra and Cleveland Orchestra.
Winners.
The following is a partial list of winners:
See also.
Grand Prix du Disque

</doc>
<doc id="7050308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050308" title="Riverside (Liverpool ward)">
Riverside (Liverpool ward)

Riverside ward was an electoral division of Liverpool City Council covering the southern city centre, the Dingle, and parts of Toxteth.
Background.
The ward was established in 2004 and dissolved in 2023.
2004 boundaries.
A review by the Boundary Committee for England recommended that the council was formed of a reduced number of 90 members elected from 30 wards. The ward was formed from the former Abercromby and Dingle wards. The ward was part of the Liverpool Riverside Parliamentary constituency. 
The ward boundaries followed Hartley Quay, Salthouse Quay, Canning Place, Hanover Street, Ranelagh Street, Renshaw Street, Leece Street, Hardman Street, Hope Street, Windsor Street, Northumberland Street, Park Road, Dingle Lane, the southeastern and southwestern boundaries of Shorefields Village, Ellerman Road and the River Mersey.
The population of the ward taken at the 2011 census was 18,422, and at the 2021 Census was 23,044.
2023 elections.
Following a 2022 review by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England which decided that the existing 30 wards each represented by three Councillors should be replaced by 64 wards represented by 85 councillors, the ward was split up into the new City Centre South, Dingle, Festival Gardens, and Waterfront South wards, and small parts of the new Canning, City Centre North, Toxteth wards.
Councillors.
 indicates seat up for re-election after boundary changes.
 indicates seat up for re-election.
 indicates change in affiliation.
 indicates seat up for re-election after casual vacancy.
Election results.
Elections of the 2000s.
After the boundary change of 2004 the whole of Liverpool City Council faced election. Three Councillors were returned.

</doc>
<doc id="7050311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050311" title="Jemm">
Jemm

Jemm is a fictional alien character appearing in various comic book series published by DC Comics. He is an analogue of and occasional ally of Martian Manhunter.
Publication history.
Jemm was created by Greg Potter and Gene Colan, and first appeared in "Jemm, Son of Saturn" #1 (September 1984).
The first unofficial appearance of a Red Saturnian in DC Comics was "Detective Comics" #314 (April 1963) where he was a nameless alien criminal who was weakened by motor oil, enabling Martian Manhunter to defeat him.
According to Potter, Jemm was originally supposed to be Martian Manhunter's cousin. However, partway through developing the series, Potter was told by editor Janice Race that Martian Manhunter would reappear in "Justice League of America". To avoid continuity problems, Potter rewrote the two to be unrelated.
Jemm is reintroduced to the DC Universe by Grant Morrison in "JLA" #12, which emphasized his similarity to Martian Manhunter. John Ostrander's run on "Martian Manhunter" reveals that the Saturnians were created by and modelled after the Martians.
Fictional character biography.
Jemm is the prince of the Saturnians, a genetically modified species of Martian created by the other Martians to help them colonize the planet Saturn. The White Martians treated their clones as slaves, leading to a civil war between the two Martian races regarding their treatment. At the end of the war, the Saturnians gain freedom from the Martians and the White Martians are exiled to the Still Zone, a realm similar to the Phantom Zone.
Jemm is forced to flee the Saturnians' palace after a White Martian coup. His mother Jarlla hides him in a cave, where he is trained by the White Saturnian Rahani.
After Jarla and Rahani are killed by White Martians, Jemm steals a ship and escapes to Earth, searching for his lover Syraa. He arrives in Harlem and befriends African-American orphan Luther Mannkin. Jemm later locates Syraa, with whom he travels to New Bhok, a Red Saturnian colony. Jemm is exiled from the Saturnians due to his refusal to participate in a civil war occurring on New Bhok.
Injustice Gang.
Jemm resurfaces years later as a member of the Injustice Gang, having been brainwashed by Lex Luthor and used a weapon against the Justice League. Martian Manhunter telepathically connects with Jemm, which frees him but leaves him comatose. He then learns that Jemm has been chosen to enter an arranged marriage with White Saturnian princess Cha'rissa to unite the Red and White Saturnians.
New Krypton.
Jemm appears in "" as the leader of the Saturnians. He commands all three known Saturnian races, including the white Koolars and the yellow "Faceless Hunters".
Powers and abilities.
Jemm possesses similar powers and weaknesses to Martian Manhunter, with the exception of shapeshifting. He can fire psychic energy blasts from the gemstone in his forehead, known as the Mark of Jargon.
Other versions.
An alternate universe variant of Jemm from Earth-48 appears in "Countdown to Final Crisis".
In other media.
Video games.
Jemm appears as a character summon in "".
Miscellaneous.
Jemm received an action figure in wave 15 of Mattel's "DC Universe Classics" line in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="7050312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050312" title="Karuna group">
Karuna group



</doc>
<doc id="7050323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050323" title="Nandi Award for Second Best Feature Film">
Nandi Award for Second Best Feature Film



</doc>
<doc id="7050329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050329" title="Speke-Garston (ward)">
Speke-Garston (ward)

Speke Garston is a Liverpool City Council Ward, within the Garston and Halewood Parliamentary constituency. It was formed for the 2004 Municipal elections from the former St Mary's ward and includes the Garston, Speke and Oglet areas. The population of this ward at the 2011 census was 20,300.
The resignation of Liberal Democrat Cllr Danny Hughes led to a by election taking place on 8 March 2007, which was subsequently won by the Labour candidate, Colin Strickland.
Councillors.
The ward has returned seven councillors
 indicates seat up for re-election after boundary changes.
 indicates seat up for re-election.
 indicates change in affiliation.
 indicates seat up for re-election after casual vacancy.
Election results.
Elections of the 2000s.
2004.
After the boundary change of 2004 the whole of Liverpool City Council faced election. Three Councillors were returned at this election.

</doc>
<doc id="7050335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050335" title="Bo Lozoff">
Bo Lozoff

Bo Lozoff (January 10, 1947 – November 29, 2012) was an American writer and interfaith humanitarian. He co-founded several nonprofits, including the interfaith Human Kindness Foundation and its subsidiary Prison-Ashram Project, Carolina Biodiesel, and Kindness House. Many of Lozoff's nonprofits aimed to improve the lives of prisoners and the previously incarcerated.
Nonprofit work.
Lozoff, with his wife Sita Lozoff, founded the Human Kindness Foundation. He started the Prison-Ashram Project in 1973. The Prison-Ashram Project, operated by Human Kindness Foundation, sends free interfaith books, compact discs, and correspondence to prisoners around the world. Bo Lozoff retired from Human Kindness Foundation in 2011; Sita Lozoff and a small staff continue the work of Human Kindness Foundation.
Lozoff also founded an environmental non-profit, Carolina Biodiesel, for the dual purposes of promoting biodiesel and creating jobs for ex-cons. Carolina Biodiesel received a large bequest from Fred Rogers, who named Lozoff along with Mahatma Gandhi and Albert Schweitzer, as one of his personal heroes. Carolina Biodiesel is still operating in Durham.
Writings.
Lozoff is the author of "We're All Doing Time: A Guide for Getting Free", "It's a Meaningful Life: It Just Takes Practice" (both with forewords by the 14th Dalai Lama) and other books. He has also written two books for children, "The Wonderful Life of a Fly Who Couldn't Fly" and "A Little Boy in the Land of Rhyme".
Allegations of abuse.
In 2008, several ex-parolees and volunteers said in interviews with a reporter that Lozoff had been sexually and emotionally abusive at Kindness House. Lozoff did not deny many of the alleged incidents, and although he maintained his actions were not abusive, he stated that his radical beliefs and lifestyle made him a "terrible choice by God" as a leader of the community. Kindness House closed in 2006 as a result of the allegations.
Death.
Lozoff died in a motorcycle accident in Puna, Hawaii, on November 29, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="7050338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050338" title="NYPD Blue season 6">
NYPD Blue season 6

The sixth season of "NYPD Blue" premiered on ABC on October 20, 1998, and concluded on May 25, 1999.
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="7050341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050341" title="Andy Johnson (Squirrel Boy)">
Andy Johnson (Squirrel Boy)



</doc>
<doc id="7050345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050345" title="Russian Orthodox Church bell ringing">
Russian Orthodox Church bell ringing



</doc>
<doc id="7050348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050348" title="Muhammad ibn Muslim ibn Shihab al-Zuhri">
Muhammad ibn Muslim ibn Shihab al-Zuhri



</doc>
<doc id="7050353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050353" title="Uroš Lajovic">
Uroš Lajovic

Uroš Lajovic is a Slovenian conductor and professor. He has served as guest conductor, permanent conductor, artistic director and artistic advisor at numerous prominent European orchestras. He is professor emeritus at the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna.
Career.
Uroš Lajovic, born on July 4, 1944, in Slovenia studied composition and conducting in his home town Ljubljana. In the years 1975 to 1979 he was the chief conductor of the RTV Chamber Orchestra. After having studied with Prof. Bruno Maderna at Mozarteum in Salzburg he continued at Hochschule für Musik und darstellende Kunst in Vienna, Austria with Prof. Hans Swarowsky in whose class Lajovic received a master's degree with honors. At first he was the principal conductor of the Slovenian Philharmonic, a position he held until 1991, and of the Zagreb Symphony Orchestra in Croatia. He also conducted the RTV Slovenia Symphony Orchestra. In 1988, Lajovic established the Chamber Orchestra Slovenicum which was active until 2001. Very soon after, he achieved international acclaim by conducting in major orchestras all over the world. Since then, Uroš Lajovic has been guest conductor, permanent conductor, artistic director and artistic advisor of numerous prominent European musical institutions. Between 2001–06 he was the chief conductor of the Belgrade Philharmonic. In 1991 Lajovic was named Professor in Ordinary at the University of Music and Performing Arts, Austria. In 2012 he became Professor Emeritus. Since 2009 until 2014 he also held a teaching position at the Zagreb Music Academy, Croatia.
Chamber Orchestra Slovenicum.
Chamber orchestra Slovenicum was founded in 1989 by Uroš Lajovic, who was also the conductor and artistic director of the ensemble until its end in 2001. Their main work had been dedicated to the performance practice of 18th-century music; but even more, the orchestra also regularly performed commissioned work by Slovenian composers. Slovenicum had always tried to carefully select its musicians, therefore they represented the best from Ljubljana's major orchestras such as Slovenian Philharmonic, RTV Slovenia Symphony Orchestra and the Orchestra of Slovene National Theatre Opera and Ballet. In their first season their repertoire consisted of Mozart and Haydn cycles what led to a large number of concerts in Slovenia and abroad. Their success attracted many famous musical names and many fruitful cooperations had been born.

</doc>
<doc id="7050356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050356" title="Yew Tree (Liverpool ward)">
Yew Tree (Liverpool ward)

Yew Tree ward is an electoral division of Liverpool City Council within the Liverpool West Derby Parliamentary constituency.
Background.
The ward was created as Dovecot ward in 1953; its boundaries were changed in 1980 and in 2004 when its name changed to Yew Tree ward. Its boundaries were changed again for the 2023 elections.
1953 boundaries.
The ward was part of the Liverpool West Derby Parliamentary constituency.
1973 election.
Following the Local Government Act 1972 the ward boundaries of the council were altered. The number of wards was reduced from 40 to 33 and the aldermanic system was abolished. Dovecot was retained and returned three councillors.
1980 boundaries.
A report of the Local Government Boundary Commission for England published in November 1978 set out proposals for changes to the wards of Liverpool City Council, maintaining the number of councillors at 99 representing 33 wards. Dovecot ward was retained to be represented by three councillors.
The report describes the boundaries of Dovecot ward as "Commencing at a point where the eastern boundary of the City meets Aldwark Road, thence generally northwestwards along said road to Grovehurst Avenue, thence northwestwards along said avenue, and in prolongation thereof crossing Dovecot Place to East Prescot Road, thence southwestwards along said road and northwestwards along the northern part of said road to Kingsheath Avenue, northeastwards along said avenue to Elgar Road, thence northwestwards along said road and in prolongation thereof to Deys Brook, thence northwards and generally northwestwards along said brook to a point opposite the southeastern corner of St Vincent's School for the Blind, thence eastwards to and northwestwards along the northeastern boundary of said school and continuing northwestwards along the western boundary of Yewtree Playing Fields to Yew Tree Lane, thence southwestwards along said lane to the eastern boundary of Croxteth Ward, thence northwestwards and northeastwards along said boundary to the southwestern boundary of Gillmoss Ward, thence southeastwards along said boundary and generally southwards along the eastern boundary of the City to the point of commencement".
The ward was part of the Liverpool West Derby Parliamentary constituency.
2004 boundaries.
A review by the Boundary Committee for England recommended that the council was formed of a reduced number of 90 members elected from 30 wards. Dovecot ward was dissolved and distributed into the new Yew Tree ward, with a small part going into the new Knotty Ash ward. The new ward gained parts of the former Broadgreen, Croxteth, and Gillmosswards.
The ward boundaries follow the city boundary to East Prescot Road, Youens Way, around the Bradbury Centre and Broughton Hall High School, Yew Tree Lane, Leyfield Road, Deysbrook Lane, Crown Road, Melwood Drive, Croxteth Hall Lane, and the southern boundary of Croxteth Park.
The population of the ward taken at the 2011 census was 16,746, and at the 2021 census was 16,772.
2023 boundaries.
The ward boundaries were changed in 2023 following a review by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England which decided that the existing 30 wards each represented by three Councillors should be replaced by 64 wards represented by 85 councillors with varying representation by one, two or three councillors per ward. The Yew Tree ward was retained as a two-member ward taking most of the former ward which lost its north-west corner to the new West Derby Deysbrook ward and a small portion to the new West Derby Leyfield ward.
The population of the ward at the 2021 census was 11,240.
Councillors.
The ward has returned seven Councillors
Election results.
Elections of the 2000s.
After the boundary change of 2004 the whole of Liverpool City Council faced election. Three Councillors were returned at this election.
• "italics" denotes the sitting Councillor
• bold denotes the winning candidate

</doc>
<doc id="7050364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050364" title="Mitralvalve">
Mitralvalve



</doc>
<doc id="7050373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050373" title="TIFRAC">
TIFRAC

TIFRAC (Tata Institute of Fundamental Research Automatic Calculator) was the first computer developed in India, at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research in Mumbai. Initially a TIFR Pilot Machine was developed in the 1950s (operational in 1956). Based on the IAS machine design, the development of the final machine was started in 1955 and was formally commissioned (and named TIFRAC, by Jawaharlal Nehru) in 1960. The full machine was in use until 1965.
TIFRAC included 2,700 vacuum tubes, 1,700 germanium diodes and 12,500 resistors. It had 2,048 40-bit words of ferrite core memory. This machine was an early adopter of ferrite core memory.
The main assembly of TIFRAC, which had vacuum tubes was housed in a massive steel rack measuring 18 feet x 2.5 feet x 8 feet. It was fabricated from modules of 4 feet x 2.5 feet x 8 feet. Each module had steel doors on either side for accessing the circuits.
A cathode-ray tube display system was developed to serve as an auxiliary output to the computer for analogue and digital display of both graphs and alpha-numeric symbols.
A manual console served as the input/output control unit of the computer. The software of TIFRAC were written in a series of commands of 0s and 1s (machine code).
A British-built HEC 2M computer, happened to be the first digital computer in India, which was imported and installed in Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata, during 1955. Prior to that, this institute had developed a small analog computer in 1953, which is technically the first computer in India.

</doc>
<doc id="7050376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050376" title="Daisy Hill Hospital">
Daisy Hill Hospital

Daisy Hill Hospital is an acute teaching hospital located in Newry, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
It is situated on the Hospital Road and backs onto the A25 Camlough Road. It is managed by the Southern Health and Social Care Trust.
History.
The hospital has its origins in the Newry Union Workhouse and Infirmary completed in 1841. Following a major fire, the facilities were rebuilt in 1902. The facility was renamed Daisy Hill Hospital in the 1930s and a modern medical block was added in 1973.
In February 2003 the hospital was designated as one of the nine acute hospitals in the acute hospital network of Northern Ireland on which healthcare would be focused under the government health policy 'Developing Better Services'.
University affiliations.
The hospital is associated with the Queen's University Belfast Medical School.

</doc>
<doc id="7050380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050380" title="Kʼakʼ Tiliw Chan Yopaat">
Kʼakʼ Tiliw Chan Yopaat

Kʼakʼ Tiliw Chan Yopaat, previously known variously as Cauac Sky, Kawak Sky, Butsʼ Tiliw and Butzʼ Tiʼliw, was the leader of the ancient Maya city-state of Quiriguá.
Reign.
Kʼakʼ Tiliw Chan Yopaat ruled the city from 724 to 785 AD. The most significant event of his reign—and of Quiriguá's history—occurred in AD 738 (9.15.6.14.6 on the Mayan calendar), when his forces defeated the city of Copán. The ruler of Copán, Uaxaclajuun Ubʼaah Kʼawiil (formerly known as "18 Rabbit") was captured and later beheaded. It began when, in 734, on Altar M at Quirigua, Kʼak Tiliw Chan Yopaat gives himself the title "kʼuhul ajaw", thus declaring Quirigua's independence from Copan. To formally declare his sovereignty, he received the K'awiil sceptre to signify his accession.
Before Kʼakʼ Tiliw Chan Yopaat's bold move, Quiriguá had been a vassal of Copán. The defeat of Copán led to its decline but heralded a golden age for its former dependent. For the next 38 years, stonecutters of Quiriguá created zoomorphs and stele celebrating their legendary king. 
His monuments are significant as they refuted the European misconception that Indigenous populations were less advanced, showcasing their ability to create monumental and highly sophisticated civilizations. The tallest stele in the Maya world is stele E from Quiriguá, stretching 35 feet (10.7 metres high). His monumental achievements, including the towering stele E carved from a single stone, echo the grandeur and symbolic power of Egyptian obelisks.
Quiriguá became a fully autonomous city which controlled the main trade route from the Caribbean to the Maya world. Meanwhile, this incident was followed by a 20-year hiatus in inscriptions at Copán, as well as the disappearance of any further mention of 18 Rabbit.
Death.
Current evidence leads to the conclusion that Kʼakʼ Tiliw Chan Yopaat died in 785 AD. There remains a stone at Quiriguá, now identified as Zoomorph G, which seems to have served as his funeral marker.
Succession.
Two other rulers are known to have reigned at Quiriguá in ensuing years—Sky Xul and Jade Sky—each for about ten years.

</doc>
<doc id="7050384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050384" title="Tata Institute of Fundamental Research Automatic Calculator">
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research Automatic Calculator



</doc>
<doc id="7050388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050388" title="Julius Weizsäcker">
Julius Weizsäcker

Julius Ludwig Friedrich Weizsäcker (13 February 1828 in Öhringen – 3 September 1889 in Bad Kissingen) was a German historian. He specialized in medieval history and early modern history. A member of the distinguished Weizsäcker family, his brother was the Protestant theologian Karl Heinrich Weizsäcker.
He studied theology and history at the University of Tübingen, obtaining his habilitation in 1859. He was successively a professor of history at the universities of Erlangen (from 1863), Tübingen (from 1867), Strasbourg (from 1872), Göttingen (from 1876) and Berlin (from 1881).
Published works.
He was an editor of the "Reichstagsakten" (Reichstag files of the Holy Roman Empire).

</doc>
<doc id="7050389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050389" title="Oklahoma State Highway 22">
Oklahoma State Highway 22

State Highway 22 (abbreviated SH-22) is a U.S. State highway in Oklahoma. It runs in a west-to-east pattern through the south-central part of the state, running from SH-1 at Ravia to US-70 at Bokchito. There are no letter-suffixed spur highways branching from SH-22.
The SH-22 designation was first established on August 4, 1924. From its original termini of Davis and Durant, the route was extended to both the east and the west, reaching its greatest extent in 1933, connecting Duncan to the Texas state line at the Red River. In 1941, the portion of SH-22 west of Ravia was dropped, and the highway's eastern terminus was set in 1956.
Route description.
SH-22 begins at SH-1 in the town of Ravia, in southern Johnston County. From there, it travels east to US-377/SH-99, where it joins with them in a concurrency to Tishomingo.
In Tishomingo, SH-78 begins, concurrent with SH-22. The two highways run east for before splitting from one another. SH-22 turns roughly southeast and continues for to its second concurrency with SH-78 at Nida (unincorporated).
From here, it runs due east for to an intersection with SH-48, just west of Kenefic, then seven more miles to the junction with US-69/US-75 outside Caddo. From Caddo, SH-22 travels east, then south, for to its terminus at US-70 in Bokchito, in eastern Bryan County.
History.
SH-22 once had a much longer route. When it was commissioned on August 4, 1924, it ran from Durant to Davis, the Ravia to Davis section being current SH-1 and SH-7. It ended at the original SH-4, current US-77. In 1931, it was extended west to Ratliff City, where it ended at SH-29. In 1932, SH-29 was given a new alignment to the north; SH-22 was reassigned to the old alignment. extending it to Duncan. On its other end, SH-22 was extended south from Durant, through Achille to a stub ending east of town. In January 1933, it was extended further east, to the Donham Bridge over the Red River. On December 17, 1934, the highway was rerouted over a stretch of Farm-to-Market road between Tishomingo and Nida, bypassing Milburn. This decision was reversed in 1935 (with the old alignment becoming SH-22S) but redone in 1936.
By 1939, SH-22 had been rerouted through Milburn. This time, the southern route became SH-299, which took over SH-22 between Nida and the state line. SH-22 was truncated once again on November 22, 1941, this time all the way to Ravia, the current western terminus of the route. SH-22 and SH-299 swapped places yet again in 1946, with SH-22 once again taking the southern route. In 1956, SH-22 was extended east to its current terminus at Bokchito. Other than minor realignments, the highway in 1956 was the same as it is today.

</doc>
<doc id="7050398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050398" title="Keri Davies">
Keri Davies

Keri Davies is a radio drama writer and producer. He has been professionally associated with the BBC Radio 4 drama "The Archers" since 1991. He has worked directly on the programme since 1992 as a producer, senior producer and web producer. Since 2003, he has been an Archers scriptwriter.
Davies studio directed over 700 Archers episodes, including the notorious armed raid on the village shop in 1993.
He has written over 400 scripts for the show. Notable episodes in recent years include Kirsty’s Miller’s meltdown as she finally acknowledged her grief after a late miscarriage, and Jim Lloyd’s dressing-down of Shula Hebden Lloyd for religious hypocrisy.
"The Archers".
In 1996, Davies set up the Archers Archive Appeal, which helped to recover lost recordings of the programme. This was turned into an audio collection: Vintage Archers 3 — The Lost Episodes.
In 1998, he spent time in Phnom Penh where he trained Cambodian health educators in radio drama scriptwriting, helping them establish the educational radio drama Lotus on Muddy Water.
He created and wrote ten editions of the pocket guide Who’s Who in The Archers (BBC Books 1999-2010).
To mark the 50th anniversary of The Archers in 2001, Keri produced Letters from Ambridge for BBC Radio 4. Celebrity listeners contributing to this series of Archers-inspired talks included author Ian Rankin, broadcaster Nicholas Parsons and playwright Mark Ravenhill.
Until 2003, he devised and co-presented live shows which took The Archers to theatres and public events around the country, and even on cruise liners in the Mediterranean and the Baltic.
As Web Producer, he devised and hosted the BBC’s official online fan messageboard for The Archers. In 2007, it was shortlisted for the international Prix Ars Electronica award.
In 2011 he was part of the team which established The Archers’ sister programme Ambridge Extra for BBC Radio 4 Extra. He wrote scripts for the first three series.
Keri Davies is the author of The Archers Year of Food and Farming, to be published by Seven Dials (an imprint of Orion) on 26 September 2019.
Music.
Over the years, Davies has become the unofficial songwriter to the Grundy family. In 1996 he wrote A Pint of Shires, the lead single from the album The World of Eddie Grundy by Trevor Harrison (Demon Records). The album was produced by Chris Difford of Squeeze, and Davies played accordion on the recording.
He has also written songs which have appeared on-air in The Archers. In 2015, Joe and Eddie Grundy performed extracts from two supposed traditional Borsetshire folk songs: The Borsetshire Cobbler, and The Fair Maid of Edgeley (full article, lyrics and extract). And in 2016, he wrote The Prince of Grundys, which was performed at Eddie’s 65th birthday party by his country and western buddies Wayne Tucson and Jolene Rogers (full article, lyrics and performance).
Personal life.
Davies was born in Treherbert in the Rhondda Valley in Wales, but grew up in Trowbridge in Wiltshire. He studied at the John of Gaunt School, Trowbridge.
Before he joined the BBC, he worked in banking, was a commissioned officer in the Royal Air Force, active in public relations in London, advertising in Derby and was a media and presentation trainer in Sheffield.
He has three children, who have all appeared in The Archers. His youngest child Dominic (now a professional actor) formerly played Daniel Hebden Lloyd.
He lives in Birmingham (the home of The Archers) and drives a Mazda Bongo camper van – appropriately named, as he is also a drummer and percussionist.
In 2017, he (or rather his facial hair) was voted Beard of Winter.

</doc>
<doc id="7050403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050403" title="The Problem with Paras">
The Problem with Paras



</doc>
<doc id="7050406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050406" title="Anchorage Aces">
Anchorage Aces



</doc>
<doc id="7050407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050407" title="Nandi Award for Third Best Feature Film">
Nandi Award for Third Best Feature Film



</doc>
<doc id="7050415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050415" title="Marcy-Holmes, Minneapolis">
Marcy-Holmes, Minneapolis

Marcy-Holmes is a neighborhood in the University community of Minneapolis. The majority of the area is residential and sits upon a bluff overlooking the river and the city skyline. A small section of the neighborhood along the river is an industrial zone.
The neighborhood is bordered on the south by the Mississippi River, to the east by the University of Minnesota and 15th Avenue Southeast, to the north by the railroad tracks that separate it from Como Neighborhood, and to the west by Central Avenue. Although somewhat confusing to newcomers, the Marcy-Holmes neighborhood is considered part of Southeast Minneapolis, despite its seemingly centralized location within the city today. Almost every street and avenue within the neighborhood is labeled "SE"- "South" of East Hennepin Avenue and "East" of the Mississippi River.
Most of Marcy-Holmes sits within ward 3 of the Minneapolis City Council, while the portion to the east of I-35W is in ward 2. It straddles state legislative districts 59B and 60B. The neighborhood is named after Marcy Park and Holmes Park (themselves named in honor of William L. Marcy and Oliver Wendell Holmes) which are located within the neighborhood.
Marcy-Holmes is well known for its diverse community, its commercial districts, St. Anthony Main and Dinkytown, and its immediate proximity to the East Bank of the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities campus.
Demographics.
In 2020, Marcy-Holmes had a population of 15,149. About 80% of residents 5 and older speak English at home. 17.4% of residents are foreign born. Over 86% of households are renter-occupied.

</doc>
<doc id="7050427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050427" title="William J. Simmons (teacher)">
William J. Simmons (teacher)

William J. Simmons (June 29, 1849 – October 30, 1890) was an American Baptist pastor, educator, author, and activist. He was a former enslaved person who became the second president of Simmons College of Kentucky (1880–1890), for whom the school was later named.
Simmons greatly developed Howard University's teacher training programs when he took over the school. In addition, he was a writer, journalist, and educator. In 1886 he became president of the American National Baptist Convention, one of the organizations that would merge to form the National Baptist Convention, USA. He was elected president of the Colored Press Association for his work as editor of the "American Baptist", a newspaper in Louisville, Kentucky. Simmons was also the author of "Men of Mark" (1877), an anthology of 177 short biographies of notable African American men.
Early life and education.
Rev. Dr. William J. Simmons was born into slavery in Charleston, South Carolina, to Edward and Esther Simmons on June 29, 1849. When Simmons was young, his mother fled slavery with her three children, William and his two sisters, Emeline and Anna.
They initially settled in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and were met by an uncle named Alexander Tardiff, who housed them, fed them and educated the children. Due to stemming pressures from slave traders, Tardiff relocated his extended family to Roxbury, Pennsylvania, Chester, Pennsylvania, before ultimately settling in Bordentown, New Jersey. Tardiff had received an education from Bishop Daniel Payne and undertook to give Simmons and his siblings an education on that basis.
Career.
American Civil War and Hillsdale School.
From 1862 to 1864, Simmons served as an apprentice to a dentist. He served in the Union Army during the American Civil War, enlisting on September 15, 1864, and serving a one-year term. He took part in the siege of Petersburg, the Battle of Hatcher's Run, and the Battle of Appomattox Court House and was present at the surrender of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
After the war, Simmons returned to dentistry. In 1867, he became a Baptist and joined a White Baptist church in Bordentown that was pastored by Reverend J. W. Custis. The congregation helped him through college. He attended Madison University (now Colgate University) and graduated in 1868. He later attended University of Rochester and Howard University, from which he earned a bachelor's degree in 1873. As a student, Simmons worked briefly at Hillsdale School in Washington D.C. At Hillsdale, he boarded with the poet Solomon G. Brown. After graduating, Simmons moved to Arkansas to become a teacher on the advice of Horace Greeley, but returned to Hillsdale soon after. He remained at Hillsdale until June 1874.
Howard Academy, Simmons College of Kentucky, and Eckstein Norton Institute.
In the summer of 1875, Simmons married Josephine A. Silence on August 25, 1875, and moved to Ocala, Florida. The couple had seven children: Josephine Lavinia, William Johnson, Maud Marie, Amanda Moss, Mary Beatrice, John Thomas, and Gussie Lewis. In Florida, he invested in land to grow oranges, became principal of Howard Academy's teacher training program and served as the pastor of a church, deputy county clerk and county commissioner. He campaigned for the Republican Rutherford B. Hayes. He served there until 1879.
Simmons was ordained in 1879 and moved to Lexington, Kentucky, where he pastored the First Baptist Church. The following year, he became the second president of the Kentucky Normal and Theological Institute, which he worked for a decade. The school was eventually renamed the State University of Louisville, and later to Simmons College of Kentucky after Simmons due to schools progression under his tenure. In 1894, he was succeeded as Simmons College president by Charles L. Purce.
In 1890, Simmons and Charles H. Parrish founded the Eckstein Norton Institute in Bullitt County, Kentucky, a vocational school for African American students.
Politics and activism.
In Kentucky, Simmons was elected for several years the chairman of the State Convention of Colored Men. On September 29, 1882, he was elected editor of the journal the "American Baptist", in which he criticized the failures of both the Republican and Democratic parties to support black Americans in their fight for civil rights. He was also president of the American Baptist Company.
In 1886, Simmons was elected over T. Thomas Fortune as president of the Colored Press Association, having lost to W. A. Pledger the previous year. In 1883, Simmons organized the Baptist Women's Educational Convention, and in 1884, Blanche Bruce appointed Simmons commissioner for the state of Kentucky at the 1884 World's Fair in New Orleans. In 1886, he organized and was elected president of the American National Baptist Convention. The convention was a call for African American Baptist unity and was also led by Richard DeBaptiste and featured notable presentations by Solomon T. Clanton and James T. White. In 1889 in Indianapolis, Simmons was a leader at the American National Baptist Convention and wrote a resolution to provide aid for blacks fleeing violence in the South and moving to the North.
Awards.
Simmons received an honorary master's degree from Howard University in 1881 and an honorary doctorate degree from Wilberforce University in 1885.
In 1887, he published a book entitled "", which highlights the lives of 172 prominent African American men, while serving as the school's president. He was working on a sister edition of the title that would highlight the lives and accomplishments of prominent pre-1900 African American women, but died before its completion.
Death and legacy.
Simmons died on October 30, 1890, in Louisville, Kentucky.
Starting in 1891, he was the namesake of the Simmons Colored School in The Ville neighborhood in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="7050437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050437" title="Desymmetrization">
Desymmetrization

Desymmetrization is a chemical reaction that converts prochiral substrates into chiral products. Desymmetrisations are so pervasive that they are rarely described as such except when they proceed "enantioselectively". The enantioselective reactions require chiral catalysts or chiral reagents. According to IUPAC, desymmetrization involves the "... the conversion of a prochiral molecular entity into a chiral one."
Examples.
Typical substrates are epoxides, diols, dienes, and cyclic carboxylic acid anhydrides.
One example is the conversion of cis-3,5-diacetoxycyclopentene to monoacetate. This particular conversion utilizes the enzyme cholinesterase.
In another example, a symmetrical cyclic imide is subjected to asymmetric deprotonation resulting in a chiral product with high enantioselectivity.
Partial hydrogenation converts benzil (PhC(O)C(O)Ph) into chiral hydrobenzoin. The process can be implemented enantioselectively using transfer hydrogenation.
The precursor benzil has C2v symmetry, and the product is C2 symmetric.
Citric acid is also a symmetric molecule that can be desymmetrized by partial methylation.
The alcoholysis of cyclic anhydrides can be conducted enantiosymmetrically using chiral amine catalysts.
A related example is the hydrolysis of prochiral diesters catalyzed by chiral phosphoric acids.
Formal symmetry considerations.
Desymmetrizations involve the loss of an improper axis of rotation (mirror plane, center of inversion, rotation-reflection axis). In other words, desymmetrisations convert prochiral precursors into chiral products.

</doc>
<doc id="7050441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050441" title="Surgical anastomoses">
Surgical anastomoses



</doc>
<doc id="7050457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050457" title="Dr. W.J. Simmons">
Dr. W.J. Simmons



</doc>
<doc id="7050463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050463" title="Brave Words">
Brave Words

Brave Words is the debut studio album by New Zealand band the Chills, released in 1987. It was produced by Mayo Thompson.
Background.
After the break-up of the Same, vocalist and guitarist Martin Phillipps started a new band, the Chills, in Dunedin in 1980. Over the next few years, they would go through extensive line-up changes, with the public believing that the Chills are solely a backing band for Phillipps, as he was the only constant member. "Pink Frost", recorded two years earlier, was released in 1984 and became a hit in New Zealand, followed by "The Lost EP" (1985), which reached number 31 on the UK Independent Chart. They played a few shows in London, England towards the end of 1985, and by October 1986, the line-up shifted again: Phillipps, Justin Harwood of Coconut Rough on bass, Caroline Easther of the Verlaines on drums and Andrew Todd of Smart Russians on keyboard. The Chills recorded another single, "I Love My Leather Jacket", reaching number 25 on the UK Independent Singles Chart and number four in New Zealand. Spurred on by this, the band moved to London in February 1987, prior to a five-week trek across Europe. After returning to London, they began working with Mayo Thompson of Red Krayola on their debut studio album, "Brave Words".
Release.
To promote "Brave Words", the Chills appeared at the Glastonbury Festival in June 1987, performing to over 60,000 people. Two months after this, they went to New York City to play at the New Music Seminar, and when they returned to London, embarked on tours of the UK and mainland Europe. Following a John Peel radio session, "House with 100 Rooms" was released as a single. In November 1987, they went on tours of Australia and New Zealand, both of which sold out. In the New Years, Easther left the band, citing issues with her ears. Her role was filled by James Stephenson, formerly of Bygone Era; his first tour saw the band tour across the US.
Critical reception.
The "Toronto Star" wrote that "songs such as 'Push' and 'Wet Blanket' derive most of their power from the clever spins that [Martin] Phillips puts on typical romantic dilemmas." Author Dave Thompson, in his book "Alternative Rock" (2000), wrote that after "so many killer singles and EPs ... the first full blast of the Chills was disappointing", adding that "Wet Blanket" and "16 Heart Throbs" could "dignify any best-of the band."
Track listing.
All songs written by Martin Phillips, except for where noted.
LP version
Side 1:
Side 2:
CD version

</doc>
<doc id="7050464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050464" title="Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act 1919">
Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act 1919

The Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act 1919 was an Act of Parliament in the United Kingdom. It became law when it received royal assent on 23 December 1919. The act enabled women to join the professions and professional bodies, to sit on juries and be awarded degrees. It was a government compromise, a replacement for a more radical private members' bill, the Women's Emancipation Bill.
Provisions of the act.
The basic purpose of the act was, as stated in its long title, "to amend the Law with respect to disqualification on account of sex", which it achieved in four short sections and one schedule. Its broad aim was achieved by section 1, which stated that:
The Crown was given the power to regulate the admission of women to the civil service by Orders in Council, and judges were permitted to control the gender composition of juries.
By section 2, women were to be admitted as solicitors after serving three years only if they possessed a university degree which would have qualified them if male, or if they had fulfilled all the requirements of a degree at a university which did not, at the time, admit women to degrees.
By section 3, no statute or charter of a university was to preclude university authorities from regulating the admission of women to membership or degrees.
By section 4, any orders in council, royal charters, or statutory provisions which were inconsistent with this Act were to cease to have effect.
Effects of the act.
Women had previously been given a (limited) right to vote by the Representation of the People Act 1918, and had been able to stand for Parliament, but most of the less high-profile restrictions on women participating in civil life remained. In effect, this act lifted most of the existing common-law restrictions on women; they were now able, for example to serve as magistrates or jurors, or enter the professions. Marriage was no longer legally considered a bar to a woman's ability to work in these spheres.
The act came into force on the day it became law, 23 December 1919; the first female justice of the peace – Ada Summers, "ex officio" a Justice by virtue of being the Mayor of Stalybridge – was sworn in a week later, on 31 December. However, it took until December 1922 for a female solicitor to be appointed. The first women barristers to be appointed were Frances 'Fay' Kyle and Averil Deverell in Ireland in November 1921. Olive Clapham was the first woman in England to pass the bar finals examinations in May 1921, but a woman (Ivy Williams) would not be called to the English Bar until May 1922.
The act was, by the standards of its time, astonishingly broad. It only addressed three areas specifically – the Civil Service, the courts, and the universities – leaving all other areas to the sweeping alterations made by section 1. Francis Bennion later described it as "splendidly general", arguing that it went "further in emancipating women than [did] the Sex Discrimination Act 1975".
However, the act was rarely invoked by the courtsthe first court case to rule based on it was "Nagle v Feilden" in 1966, in a case brought by female horse trainer Florence Nagle against the Jockey Club's refusal to grant her a training licence on grounds of her sex. The one significant ruling as to the extent of the Act was not in a court of law, but rather in the House of Lords, where the Committee for Privileges was asked by Margaret Mackworth, 2nd Viscountess Rhondda to rule if the Act's provisions for exercising "any public function" extended to permitting a woman to sit in the House as a peeress in her own right. After some debate, it was held 22–4 that it did not. Women would not be permitted to sit in the Lords until 1958, when appointed female life peers were expressly permitted by the Life Peerages Act 1958, whilst hereditary peeresses gained the right to take their seats after the passage of the Peerage Act 1963.
Much of the act has been repealed, although the first part of section 1 remains in force (in Scotland it was repealed in relation to criminal proceedings by the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1975), as well as the whole of section 3.
A 2016 study of the inclusion of women on juries from 1918 to 1926 at the Old Bailey (London) finds that
A 2017 study looking at female jurors outside London during the first decade after the 1919 Act found that the picture was highly localised, but that one common feature throughout England and Wales was a decline in the number of women serving on juries. In the Midlands, the average assize jury went from having between 3.3 and 2.9 women in 1921, to having between 2.0 and 2.4 in 1929. In the south of England (excluding London), the average jury went from having between 2.0 and 1.3 women per jury in 1921 to an average of just 0.8 by the end of the decade. Juries usually had no female members when they were trying sexual offences whose victim was neither female nor a child, as sex between men and acts of bestiality were considered too shocking for men and women to deliberate on together. In most regions, all-male juries were uncommon for property offences, presumably because trials for theft and other similar offences were considered suitable subjects for men and women to deliberate on together. There were also regional differences. In the southeast of England, all-male juries were particularly unusual for trials concerning homicide and offences against the state. In south Wales, the same was true for non-fatal offences against the person; and in southwest England, there were fewer all-male juries in sexual offence trials involving female victims. In the Midlands, where there were generally more female jurors anyway, there were no differences beyond the general trends noted above regarding male-only sexual offences and property offences.
Subsequent reforms made the juror franchise more restrictive than it had been immediately after 1919. In December 1920, ten towns that had previously not been required to consider the wealth of the people they were selecting for jury service were newly required to do so. Crosby has found that this resulted in an immediate decrease in the number of women serving on these towns' juries. Two years later, the law was changed again so that all jurors now had to be registered to vote in the same place that they held their landed property. When this change was proposed, Parliamentary counsel noted that "In the case ... of (e.g.) a daughter who resides with her father in a house occupied by him and owns a small estate somewhere in the country, the position is that she is at present qualified as a juror, but in future she will not be. There are not, however, I should suppose, very many such cases, and I should think such as there are can safely be disregarded."
Legacy.
In 2019 the act was commemorated by the First 100 Years project, to recognise the impact of women in law since the act becoming law.

</doc>
<doc id="7050466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050466" title="Nandi Award for Best Actor">
Nandi Award for Best Actor

The Nandi Award for Best Actor was commissioned by the Nandi Awards committee in 1977. The winner is awarded a "Silver Nandi", "Sri Rajendra Prasad Gold Medal", cash award and a commendation certificate. Venkatesh has won the most Best Actor awards with five wins, followed by Mahesh Babu with four wins.

</doc>
<doc id="7050477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050477" title="Talkgroup">
Talkgroup



</doc>
<doc id="7050478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050478" title="Rita DeMara">
Rita DeMara



</doc>
<doc id="7050488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050488" title="Lotus Espirit">
Lotus Espirit



</doc>
<doc id="7050491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050491" title="Robert Walker (painter)">
Robert Walker (painter)

Robert Walker (1599–1658) was an English portrait painter, notable for his portraits of the "Lord Protector" Oliver Cromwell and other distinguished parliamentarians of the period. He was influenced by Van Dyck, and many of his paintings can now be found at the National Portrait Gallery, London.
Life and work.
Walker was the chief painter of the parliamentary party during the Commonwealth of England from 1649 to 1658. Nothing is known of his early life. His manner of painting, though strongly influenced by that of Van Dyck, is yet distinctive enough to rule out the possibility of his being one of Van Dyck's immediate pupils.
He is chiefly known for his portraits of Oliver Cromwell, and our knowledge of Cromwell's appearance is mainly based on Walker's paintings, as well as the portraits of him by Samuel Cooper and by Peter Lely. There are two main types. The earlier, representing Cromwell in armour with a page tying on his sash, and the later, full face to the waist in armour, were frequently repeated and copied.
The best example of the first type is perhaps the painting now in the National Portrait Gallery (formerly in the possession of the Rich family). This likeness was considered by diarist John Evelyn (1620–1706) to be the truest representation of Cromwell which he knew (see Numismata, p. 339). There are repetitions of this portrait elsewhere. In another portrait by Walker, Cromwell wears a gold chain and decoration sent to him by Queen Christina of Sweden.
Walker painted Henry Ireton, John Lambert (examples of these two in the National Portrait Gallery), Charles Fleetwood, Richard Keble and other prominent members of the parliamentary government. John Evelyn himself sat for him, as stated in his "Diary" for 1 July 1648: "I sate for my picture, in which there is a death's head, to Mr. Walker, that excellent painter"; and there is another entry on 6 July 1650: "To Mr. Walker's, a good painter, who shew'd me an excellent copie of Titian". This copy of Titian, however, does not appear, as sometimes stated, to have been painted by Walker himself. One of Walker's best paintings is the portrait of an unknown man – formerly thought to be William Faithorne the elder – now in the National Portrait Gallery.
In 1652, on the death of the Earl of Arundel, Walker was allotted apartments in Arundel House, which had been seized by the parliament. He is stated to have died in 1658.
Walker painted his own portrait three times – one is at the National Portrait Gallery, which also houses two engravings of portraits of Walker by other artists (one was finely engraved in his lifetime by Peter Lombart). Another example, with variations, is in the Ashmolean Museum at Oxford.
Works in UK galleries and museums.
Walker has a number of paintings in the collection of the UK's National Portrait Gallery. At least a half dozen of these were done by Robert Walker himself. The remainder were done by others after his style. The paintings noted as "by" or "by or after" with no other attribution are of Adrian Scrope, John Evelyn, Oliver Cromwell, two unknown men, and himself.
His portrait entitled "Richard Deane, 1610–53, General at Sea" is in the collection of the National Maritime Museum.
Two of his portraits of Cromwell are in the collection of the Cromwell Museum. The museum also has a receipt signed by Robert Walker for painting Cromwell's portrait. 

</doc>
<doc id="7050493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050493" title="Glossary of Dune (franchise)">
Glossary of Dune (franchise)

This is a list of terminology used in the fictional "Dune" universe created by Frank Herbert, the primary source being "Terminology of the Imperium", the glossary contained in the novel "Dune" (1965).
"Dune" word construction could be classified into three domains of vocabulary, each marked with its own neology: the names and terms related to the politics and culture of the Imperium, the names and terms characteristic of the mystic sodality of the Bene Gesserit, and the barely displaced Arabic of the Fremen language.
Fremen share vocabulary for Arrakeen phenomena with the Empire, but use completely different vocabulary for Bene Gesserit-implanted messianic religion.
Due to the similarities between some of Herbert's terms and ideas and actual words and concepts in the Arabic and Hebrew languages as well as the series' "Islamic undertones" and themes a Middle Eastern influence on Herbert's works has been noted repeatedly. There are over eighty terms used of Arabic origin, several other loanwords from Indo-European languages such as German and Persian, and words from the North American Na-Dene language Navajo.

</doc>
<doc id="7050494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050494" title="Mr. Mick">
Mr. Mick

Mr. Mick is the fifth studio album released by the British rock group Stackridge in 1976. It originally was released in the UK by The Rocket Record Company, and its catalogue number was ROLL 3. This was the first album by Stackridge to go unreleased in the United States.
Overview.
The album was produced by Andy Cresswell-Davis (known simply as Andy Davis on this recording) and engineered by Denny Bridges. It was recorded at Ramport Studios in South London and mixed at AIR Studios. Pete Gage produced the basic track on "The Dump" and "Steam Radio Song". Some of the keyboards for the album were played by Dave Lawson of the band Greenslade.
The version of Mr. Mick that was released in 1976 had many changes ordered by the group's label UK label. Although supported with airplay from BBC Radio 1's John Peel amongst others it was less successful than expected. The many difficulties the group experienced during this time contributed to their break-up not long after the release of "Mr. Mick".
In 2000, DAP Records finally released the album in the form the group originally intended: it was entitled "The Original Mr. Mick". In 2006 Angel Air released a 2-disc set containing both albums in their entirety.

</doc>
<doc id="7050498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050498" title="Talkgroups">
Talkgroups



</doc>
<doc id="7050503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050503" title="The Electric Ghosts">
The Electric Ghosts

The Electric Ghosts is a collaboration between Daniel Johnston and Jack Medicine (aka Don Goede), released in 2006 on Important Records.
Don Goede (one of the original founders of Soft Skull Press) became tour manager/caretaker for Daniel Johnston in 1999, for at least 100 shows. The album is a result of songs recorded by the pair in hotel rooms before and after performances. The cover illustration is by Ron English.

</doc>
<doc id="7050506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050506" title="Muslim ibn Shihab">
Muslim ibn Shihab



</doc>
<doc id="7050508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050508" title="1.3.8.">
1.3.8.

1.3.8. is a compilation album by American death metal band Devourment, released in 2000 by Corpse Gristle. The album was reissued in 2004 by Displeased Records and Unmatched Brutality Records with an upgraded layout and new artwork. "1.3.8" was also released as a limited edition record by the label Night of the Vinyl Dead. It includes one new song called "Babykiller" (1), all three tracks from the "Impaled" demo (3), and all eight tracks from "Molesting the Decapitated" (8).

</doc>
<doc id="7050515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050515" title="Pedro Blanco (slave trader)">
Pedro Blanco (slave trader)

Pedro Blanco (1795 – 1854) was a Spanish slave trader based in Gallinas on the coast of Sierra Leone between 1822 and 1838. Before entering the slave trade, Blanco ran a sugar mill in Cuba.
Blanco sailed to Africa on the "Conquistador", one of his ships, to participate in the lucrative and well-established Atlantic slave trade. He began trading in African slaves in 1822, and by 1839 he controlled a network that fed Cuba, the United States and Brazil with slaves for plantations. Blanco expanded his operation by establishing a working relationship with the local ruler, African King Siaka of Gallinas (Vai).
He eventually had agents stationed at Cape Mount, Shebar, Digby, Nuevo Sestos and elsewhere. Blanco entered a partnership with one Lino Carballo, with a center of operations in Havana and other branches in Puerto Rico, Trinidad, and the Republic of Texas. His mercantile standing was so high that his credit bills were enthusiastically accepted in New York City, London and many other well-known financial centers.
In Lomboko, Blanco built himself a private kingdom with storehouses on an island, his office on another island, and houses for his African wives on yet a third island. Slaves awaiting shipment were housed on the islands of Taro and Kamasun. In 1838, Blanco left Africa for Cuba and went to Barcelona, all the time trading in slaves. He left Gallinas just before most of the "La Amistad" Africans reached his stockades, but he left behind a network of employees to continue his business. It is likely that some of them handled the "Amistad" Africans. At any rate, he played a vital part in the development of the slave trade in this region. Due to military pressure from the United Kingdom, Blanco's business finally collapsed in 1848, and in 1854 he died in Genoa.
Pedro Blanco has several descendants living in Cuba and Miami. Matias and Lucas Blanco currently reside in Pinecrest, Miami, Florida. Matias is currently enrolled at Boston College. There he leads an America First political faction. It is speculated that he studied under Nicholas J. Fuentes.
Popular Culture.
Spanish actor and writer Carlos Bardem wrote a novel about Pedro Blanco called Mongo Blanco and was published by Plaza &amp; Janés in 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="7050517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050517" title="Nandi Award for Best Actress">
Nandi Award for Best Actress

The Nandi Award for Best Actress was commissioned in 1977. The winner is awarded a "Silver Nandi" and a cash award of 30,000.
Superlatives.
The Actresses with most wins are listed in total order

</doc>
<doc id="7050519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050519" title="Vegetable spaghetti">
Vegetable spaghetti



</doc>
<doc id="7050528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050528" title="W.J. Simmons">
W.J. Simmons



</doc>
<doc id="7050529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050529" title="Constanța Burcică">
Constanța Burcică

Constanța Burcică (née Pipotă; born 15 March 1971) is a Romanian Olympic rower. She won the first three instances of the women's lightweight double scull at the Olympic regatta, in 1996, 2000 and 2004.
At the 1996 Olympics, Burcică and her partner Camelia Macoviciuc took the inaugural lightweight double scull event.
Burcică and her new partner Angela Alupei took the gold medal at the 2000 and 2004 Olympic Games in the women's lightweight double scull event. They also took first place at the Rowing World Cup twice in 2000, in Vienna, Austria and in Lucerne, Switzerland, and second place at the 2004 World Cup in Lucerne.

</doc>
<doc id="7050531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050531" title="Coalwood, Michigan">
Coalwood, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050535" title="Halina Szymańska">
Halina Szymańska

 
Halina Szymańska (1906–1989) was a Polish spy, working for the British government, known as the Allies' conduit to Nazi German Admiral Wilhelm Canaris. She was the wife of Colonel Antoni Szymański, the last prewar Polish military attaché in Berlin, and of later General Kazimierz Wiśniowski.
Life.
After being recruited by the Allied secret intelligence services (via Polish officers in Bern, Switzerland, who made contact with the British), Szymańska provided a conduit of information between the Allies and Admiral Wilhelm Canaris, chief of the German Abwehr. In autumn 1939 he helped her and her children move from occupied Poland to Switzerland in compensation for a contact with the British Secret Intelligence Service.
Szymańska, as a British agent, met several times with Canaris in Switzerland and Italy. Then she met with his courier, Hans Bernd Gisevius. Szymańska played an important role, as an intermediary, in secret contacts between the Allies and German anti-Nazi conspirators (e.g., the "Schwarze Kapelle"). In April 1940 she received information about the coming German attack on France and the Benelux countries. In mid-June 1941 Szymańska received information about the coming German attack on the Soviet Union. During World War II she became one of the most effective MI6 agents.
Szymańska had three daughters with Col. Antoni Szymański — Hanka, Ewa and Marysia. All four spent the war in Switzerland, where Halina began her work for MI6 and later the French "Deuxieme Reseau", conducting courier work into occupied France, for which she was decorated by the French. Among others, she developed a working relationship with the American Allen Dulles, who then headed the American OSS intelligence office in Bern.
Dulles became the first civilian and the longest-serving (1953–61) Director of Central Intelligence (de facto head of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. By all accounts he was very supportive of Szymańska, particularly when her daughter Hanka became ill and died in Switzerland.
After World War II, Halina Szymańska moved to England and married General Kazimierz Wiśniowski, who had been Chief of Staff to General Władysław Anders, commander of the Second Polish Corps at the Battle of Cassino in 1944. She had one son with him, Piotr Wiśniowski. She settled in Ealing, a suburb of London. She lies buried with her second husband in South Ealing Cemetery.
The daughter Ewa now lives in North Carolina, married to Andrzej Milewski, who also had a highly honorable war record of fighting with the Allies. Marysia remained in England with her father Col. Antoni Szymański, with whom she was very close, and with Szymańska. She went to boarding school in England, coincidentally called Poles, married Mirek Malewski (another Polish officer who acquitted himself with distinction) and had two children, Anouchka and Michael. Michael Fabian, Halina's grandson was very close to both his grandmother and grandfather, Antoni Szymanski, in whose house, Chiswick, he grew up in with his mother Marysia, father Mirek and sister Anouchka.
Michael Fabian, many years later, assisted the English spy expert/writer (and MP) Nigel West - real name Rupert Allason - with the section of his book, "MI6: British Secret Intelligence Service Operations, 1909-45", which dealt with his grandmother Szymańska. Among other documents, the book shows Halina's French identity card, which was forged by the MI6's printing expert, Mr Adams in Potters Bar, in order to enable her to travel to occupied France to meet Admiral Canaris, collect information and report back to the Allies in Switzerland. It also shows Mme Szymanska's diplomatic passport. Stamped with numerous entry and exit visas, it includes two relating to her rendezvous with Admiral Canaris in Italy, April 1941, at which he disclosed details of Hitler's imminent attack on the Soviet Union.
Michael writes, there are a number of projects revolving around Halina's wartime exploits, plus mentions in a number of new books that touch upon the subject. Full list to be compiled.

</doc>
<doc id="7050544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050544" title="Tres Marías Islands">
Tres Marías Islands



</doc>
<doc id="7050547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050547" title="George C. Burling">
George C. Burling

George Childs Burling (February 17, 1834 – December 24, 1885) was a United States Union Army officer during the American Civil War, serving mostly as colonel and commander of the 6th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry. Burling was born in Burlington County, New Jersey, raised on his father's farm and educated at a private school in Norristown, Pennsylvania. He was a coal merchant and a militia officer before the war. Burling's militia company was mustered into the volunteer service for a three-month term in July 1861, but it became company F of the 6th New Jersey with a three-year enlistment on September 9, 1861. Burling became the regiment's major on March 19, 1862, and lieutenant colonel on May 7 of that year. Burling was wounded at the Second Battle of Bull Run in August 1862.
When Colonel Gershom Mott, commander of the 6th New Jersey, became a general, Burling was promoted to colonel. Burling commanded the regiment at the Battle of Chancellorsville, where he was wounded. His most notable service was as commander of his brigade (once known as the "Second New Jersey Brigade" of III Corps (ACW) but reorganized to include troops from other states) at the July 1863 Battle of Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. His brigade was in reserve at the beginning of the second day's fighting on the left flank of the Army of the Potomac, but regiments were moved about separately as higher commanders saw fit. One regiment, 6th New Jersey, fought near Devil's Den. 8th New Jersey and 115th Pennsylvania fought in the Wheatfield. 7th New Jersey and 2nd New Hampshire supported artillery deployed at the Peach Orchard. 5th New Jersey was on the Emmitsburg Road. The brigade entered the battle with an estimated 1,396 troops and lost, according to Burling, 513 officers and men.
Burling resigned March 4, 1864, because of ill health. On December 18, 1867, President Andrew Johnson nominated Burling for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, for "gallant and meritorious services in the Battle of Gettysburg, Pa," and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on February 14, 1868.
Burling married in October 1862. After the war, he and his wife lived on a farm outside Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Burling was employed for a time by the Pennsylvania Railroad and died at his home in Philadelphia of pulmonary cancer two decades after the war ended. He was interred at Mount Vernon Cemetery in Philadelphia on December 28, 1885, and later reinterred in Harleigh Cemetery, Camden, New Jersey, in the Trinity Section, Lot 118. He is one of three Civil War Union Brevet Generals interred in the cemetery, along with Colonel William Joyce Sewell of the 5th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry and Colonel Timothy C. Moore of the 34th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry.

</doc>
<doc id="7050550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050550" title="Allen Crawford">
Allen Crawford

Allen Crawford is an artist, illustrator, designer, and writer.
Crawford and his wife Susan founded the design and illustration studio Plankton Art Co. in 1996. Their studio's most notable project to date is the collection of 400 species identification illustrations that are on permanent display at the American Museum of Natural History’s Milstein Hall of Ocean Life in New York.
Under the pseudonym “Lord Breaulove Swells Whimsy”, Crawford wrote, designed, and illustrated "The Affected Provincial’s Companion, Volume One" (Bloomsbury 2006), which was optioned for film by Johnny Depp’s production company, Infinitum Nihil. 
Crawford's second book, "Whitman Illuminated: Song of Myself" (Tin House Books), is an illustrated, hand-lettered, 256-page edition of Walt Whitman’s iconic poem, was released in 2014. It has won numerous awards, including Best of Show in the 3x3 Illustration Annual No.12 and a Gold Medal from the Society of Illustrators.
His most recent book is "A Wild Promise: An Illustrated Celebration of the Endangered Species Act" (Tin House 2023). 

</doc>
<doc id="7050555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050555" title="Moor Hall">
Moor Hall

The Moor Hall is a 1905 house, built for Colonel Edward Ansell of Ansells Brewery, in Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham, England. It has been used as a hotel since 1930 and subsequently extended. It is on the site of a former 15th century building. It gives its name to a suburb of the town, situated between the district of Roughley and Sutton town centre.
The old house.
First records of a hall on the site date back to the 15th century when it was owned by a Roger Harwell.
In 1527, Bishop John Vesey bought of land for £1500 in Sutton Coldfield called Moor Crofts and Heath Yards close to the farm in which he had been born and raised. Built in brick, it was a substantial mansion for his own occupation. When he was not in London on Court duties or in Exeter on church duties, he lived at Moor Hall. It is said he employed 140 scarlet liveried servants. He frequently entertained Henry VIII, which is why, it is thought, Sutton Coldfield was awarded its royal charter.
In 1551, he retired on a pension of £485 a year at the age of about 88 but lived only a further four years. When Vesey died in 1555, Moor Hall fell into the possession his nephew, John Harman.
The 1671 Valuation of Sutton Coldfield shows the property in the possession of John Addyes with a value of £61 a year. The Addyes family remained in occupation until 1762. At this time the property was said to comprise twenty rooms on three floors but was described in 1762 by an 'Impartial Hand' as:
After the mid-19th century, the house saw a series of tenants.
A former cock pit or bear pit, in the grounds, are Grade II listed.
1905 Building.
In 1903, Colonel Edward Ansell of Ansells Brewery bought the house. He demolished it and, in 1905, constructed an entirely new modern mansion for his own occupation on the site. All of the wood carvings and stone work were created on site, and architects from all over the country came to admire the workmanship. The fireplace in the lounge bar has MCMV (1905) carved in the mantel and over the main entrance. A stained glass window says 1906. The Ansells lived in the new house until 1930 when the whole estate was auctioned off.
Use as a hotel.
The house and grounds were sold for £35,000 to a local builder Robert Streather who converted the 1905 mansion into a hotel, created a golf course on the park and in exchange was granted permission to develop the remaining land with upmarket residential properties. It was said to be the sort of place where:
The 1905 house is still discernible as part of the much altered and extended hotel.
It was 1961 when Michael Webb (1930-2024) bought the property and gradually developed the 17 bedroom guesthouse into the present 4 star hotel with 83 bedrooms, 8 conference rooms, 2 restaurants and leisure centre and spa. It is now owned by the Webb family. They currently own Moor Hall hotel, The George Hotel in Lichfield, The Gables near Bristol and Broads Travel in Sutton Coldfield and Lichfield.
The Hotel is now part of the Webb Hotels and Travel group, while the golf course is privately owned.
A blue plaque on the rear of the building, erected by the Sutton Coldfield Civic Society, commemorates John Vesey.

</doc>
<doc id="7050558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050558" title="Halina Szymanska">
Halina Szymanska



</doc>
<doc id="7050571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050571" title="Luxe Grunge">
Luxe Grunge



</doc>
<doc id="7050574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050574" title="Sir Edmund Halley">
Sir Edmund Halley



</doc>
<doc id="7050575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050575" title="Deerton, Michigan">
Deerton, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050578" title="Nandi Award for Best Director">
Nandi Award for Best Director

The Nandi Award for Best Director the Award was first given in 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="7050587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050587" title="Belfast City Hospital">
Belfast City Hospital

The Belfast City Hospital in Belfast, Northern Ireland, is a 900-bed modern university teaching hospital providing local acute services and key regional specialities. Its distinctive orange tower block dominates the Belfast skyline being the third tallest habitable storeyed building in Northern Ireland (after Windsor House and Obel Tower, both in Belfast). It has a focus on the development of regional cancer and renal services. It is managed by Belfast Health and Social Care Trust and is the largest general hospital in the United Kingdom. In April 2020, due to the global coronavirus pandemic, the tower block was designated one of the UK's Nightingale Hospitals.
History.
Origins.
The hospital has its origins in the Belfast Union Workhouse and infirmary on the Lisburn Road which was designed by Charles Lanyon and opened on 1 January 1841. The infirmary was intended for the poor who did not have access to healthcare services provided by the government.
Workhouse Infirmary.
As it became difficult to separate the sick from the destitute, the workhouse infirmary developed and soon had over 600 beds. The largest number of patients in the Belfast Union Infirmary was recorded as 4,252 on 31 January 1869.
Dr. Thomas Andrews.
Dr. Thomas Andrews, who qualified as a doctor in Edinburgh in 1835, was appointed by the Guardians at the age of 26 to work with the growing patient population and paid him £60 per annum. Belfast grew to a city of 350,000 people in Victorian times but the city had a problem with poor housing and sewage which led to at least four Cholera outbreaks. In January 1847 a new fever hospital with 159 beds was opened by the Board of Guardians on the site.
Fever hospital.
In 1849 all fever patients were removed from the wards of the Frederick Street Hospital and transferred to the new fever hospital. This decision meant reduced bed numbers in the main Belfast General Hospital but that the amount of surgery now done there increased. The fever hospital treated outbreaks of cholera, smallpox, tuberculosis, measles, diphtheria, typhoid, scarlet fever and rabies. In addition to the "fever" patients, the infirmary also agreed to take all patients with burns, and those with incurable illnesses to the point where they were as many as 1,338 patients in 1883.
Expansion.
The number of nurses grew over these years although they were often untrained. In 1867, there were fifteen paid nurses. In November 1884, Miss Ella Pirrie was appointed Superintendent and Head Nurse. She knew Florence Nightingale and in December 1884, Miss Nightingale sent a Christmas present to Miss Pirrie for the children in the Infirmary. Shortly after she was appointed, the Guardians approved a uniform for the paid nurses, and a distinctive apron for the unpaid female attendants. Under Miss Pirrie, nursing training began for the first time in Belfast and the first person, Miss Craig was sent to Dublin to sit a nursing examination. Nurse Craig was appointed Superintendent in 1892. The maternity unit was first established on the site by Dr. John McLeish in the late 19th century and then expanded to become the Jubilee Maternity Hospital, moving into new purpose-built premises on the site in 1935.
The National Health Service was created in 1948, and three of the hospital's laboratory assistants were among the last 45 of the workhouse residents to serve on the hospital staff. Having been orphaned and with no record of their parents, they were known as Pauper John, Skipper and Red Hand Rufus.
In the late 1960s, Dimitrios Oreopoulos, a Greek-born doctor at the hospital, arranged to have seeds from the Tree of Hippocrates in Kos planted on the hospital grounds to commemorate the proposed expansion of the hospital. One of the trees created from the seeds, in the grounds of Erskine House, became too large to transplant to the tower building and was left in place. The tree, which remains surrounded by modern developments and is described as "an oasis of calm and a symbol of hope for patients, staff and students", was named Northern Ireland's Tree of the Year for 2017 in a public vote.
The tower block, which is 15 storeys and 76 m (250 ft) high, was designed by Louis Adair Roche and opened in January 1986.
Maternity services transferred to the Royal Maternity Hospital and the Jubilee Maternity Hospital, which had been based on the Belfast City Hospital site, closed in May 2000.
In February 2003 the hospital was designated as one of the nine acute hospitals in the acute hospital network of Northern Ireland on which healthcare would be focused under the government health policy 'Developing Better Services'. An oncology centre, with four wards and a total of 72 beds, opened in March 2006.
The Accident and Emergency Department closed in 2011 due to financial and recruitment difficulties: the trust directed patients and ambulances to go to either the Royal Victoria Hospital or The Mater Infirmorum Hospital for emergency treatment instead.
Teaching.
The hospital provides clinical placements for medical students from Queen's University Belfast.
COVID-19 pandemic.
In April 2020, due to the global coronavirus pandemic, the tower block was designated one of the UK's Nightingale Hospitals.

</doc>
<doc id="7050589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050589" title="Audio commentary (DVD)">
Audio commentary (DVD)



</doc>
<doc id="7050592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050592" title="Fatality666">
Fatality666



</doc>
<doc id="7050597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050597" title="Dundic (Toma, Oleko, &quot;Aleksa&quot;)">
Dundic (Toma, Oleko, &quot;Aleksa&quot;)



</doc>
<doc id="7050598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050598" title="Uphill Battle">
Uphill Battle

Uphill Battle was an American metalcore band with elements of grindcore, based out of Santa Barbara, California, United States.
History.
Uphill Battle got some recognition releasing their self-titled record on Relapse Records. Combining grindcores speed with a hardcore sense of tension, Uphill Battle's hectic riffing, strafing percussive assault and tortured vocals bled conviction and proved the band to be one of the scene's brightest hopefuls. A tour slot as part of the 2003 Relapse Records Contamination Tour alongside label-mates Mastodon, Cephalic Carnage and Dysrhythmia immediately followed, exposing the band to entirely new audiences.
Uphill Battle released their second full-length, "Wreck of Nerves" in 2004. In 2005, Uphill Battle disbanded, leaving behind "Blurred", a collection of their pre-Relapse rarities including demo and compilation tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="7050599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050599" title="Zarda">
Zarda

Zarda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7050601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050601" title="QTI">
QTI

The IMS Question and Test Interoperability specification (QTI) defines a standard format for the representation of assessment content and results, supporting the exchange of this material between authoring and delivery systems, repositories and other learning management systems. It allows assessment materials to be authored and delivered on multiple systems interchangeably. It is, therefore, designed to facilitate interoperability between systems.
The specification consists of a data model that defines the structure of questions, assessments and results from questions and assessments together with an XML data binding that essentially defines a language for interchanging questions and other assessment material. The XML binding is used for exchanging questions between different authoring tools and by publishers. The assessment and results parts of the specification are less widely used.
As can be seen below, the standard is mainly implemented by commercial products, few open source assessment systems support it and the most popular open source learning management systems (Moodle does not support it and Canvas only supports the old 1.2 version) limit support. The fact that you have to register to download the specs begs the openness of the standard. 
Background.
QTI was produced by the IMS Global Learning Consortium (IMS GLC), which is an industry and academic consortium that develops specifications for interoperable learning technology. QTI was inspired by the need for interoperability in question design, and to avoid people losing or having to re-type questions when technology changes. Developing and validating good questions can be time consuming, and it's desirable to be able to create them in a platform and technology neutral format. IMS has less than 800 members and is not the voice for the entire industry. You cannot use the QTI name in anything other than an RFP according to their website.
QTI version 1.0 was materially based on a proprietary Questions Markup Language (QML) language defined by QuestionMark, but the language has evolved over the years and can now describe almost any reasonable question that one might want to describe. (QML is still in use by Questionmark).
Version 2.0 was finalized in 2005 and addressed the item (that is, the individual question) level of the specification only. A draft version of Version 2.1, which covered the structure of tests and results, was also released in 2005. But because Version 2.0 did not address test-level issues and was not compatible with Version 1, and because 2.1 was still under development, adoption of Version 2 was retarded. This was compounded in 2009 when IMS GLC withdrew the Version 2.1 draft and advised the user community that the only version "fully endorsed" by IMS GLC was 1.2.1, in effect also deprecating Version 2.0. Despite this, after several more drafts, 2.1 was finalized and released in 2012.
Version is 2.2, which was finalized in 2015, has subsequently had two minor revisions, 2.2.1 and 2.2.2, the latest of which was in November 2017. Version 2.2 updated and improved integration with W3C standards such as HTML5, SSML, PLS, CSS, ARIA, and MathML, and otherwise made relatively small changes to the Version 2.1 core specification.
Version 2.x is a significant improvement on Version 1, defining a new underlying interaction model. It is also notable for its significantly greater degree of integration with other specifications (some of which did not exist during the production of v1): the specification addresses the relationship with IMS Content Packaging v1.2, IEEE Learning Object Metadata, IMS Learning Design, IMS Simple Sequencing and other standards such as XHTML. It also provides guidance on representing context-specific usage data and information to support the migration of content from earlier versions of the specification.
Version 3 is now available. 
IMS is now called 1EdTech.
Certification.
IMS offers certification of compliance to QTI standards, as noted in the table below. However, it is only offered to members of the consortium, which costs US$1,000 to US$7,500 per year. There is also a cost to certify your software in addition to the Membership cost. This effectively leaves open source projects without the ability to be certified.

</doc>
<doc id="7050615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050615" title="Constanţa Burcica">
Constanţa Burcica



</doc>
<doc id="7050620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050620" title="Norman Brooks (singer)">
Norman Brooks (singer)

Norman Brooks (August 19, 1928 – September 14, 2006) was a Canadian singer, best known for his ability to sound like Al Jolson.
He was born Norman Joseph Arie, the son of Lebanese parents, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in 1928. He played Jolson in the 1956 film, "The Best Things in Life Are Free". Brooks performed in nightclubs and on television in the United States and Canada during the 1950s and 1960s. He played himself in the 1960 film "Ocean's Eleven".
His records "Hello Sunshine" and "You Shouldn't Have Kissed Me The First Time" for the Zodiac Records label were national hits in 1953. His song "A Sky-Blue Shirt and a Rainbow Tie" reached No. 17 in the UK Singles Chart in November 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="7050623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050623" title="Roads in Ashland, Kentucky">
Roads in Ashland, Kentucky



</doc>
<doc id="7050624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050624" title="Diffin, Michigan">
Diffin, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050630" title="How We Do (The Game song)">
How We Do (The Game song)



</doc>
<doc id="7050633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050633" title="Constanta Burcica">
Constanta Burcica



</doc>
<doc id="7050642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050642" title="Dixon, Michigan">
Dixon, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050648" title="Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.">
Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo.



</doc>
<doc id="7050649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050649" title="Put You On The Game">
Put You On The Game



</doc>
<doc id="7050652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050652" title="One (George Jones and Tammy Wynette album)">
One (George Jones and Tammy Wynette album)

One is the ninth and final studio album by American country music artists George Jones and Tammy Wynette. This album was released on June 20, 1995, on the MCA Nashville Records label. It was Jones and Wynette's first album together in 15 years; it would also turn out to be their last album together. The album was Wynette's last studio album she would record before her death in 1998.
Background.
For many years, the idea of a Jones/Wynette reunion had been thought extremely unlikely. The years following their divorce had been filled with acrimony and sniping, made all the more complicated by the fact that they still performed together on occasion. "That wasn't my idea," Jones later insisted in his 1996 autobiography. "In fact, I hated to work with her. It brought back too many unpleasant memories, and when some fans saw us together, they got it in their heads that we were going to get back together romantically." The publication of Wynette's autobiography "Stand By Your Man" in 1979, which painted an ugly picture of Jones – and the made-for-TV movie that followed – did not help mollify the relationship. Jones, who hit rock bottom in the years following the divorce, accepted the responsibility for the failure of the marriage but vehemently denied Wynette's allegations in her autobiography that he beat her and fired a shotgun at her. By the 1990s, however, both had been remarried for several years (Wynette to songwriter George Richey in 1978, Jones had to Nancy Sepulveda in 1983) and both were enjoying their recognition as country music legends. While the reunion of Jones and Wynette may have been a surprise for many, there had been signs that much of the old enmity that had existed between them had faded. In 1991 they performed together with Randy Travis at the CMA Awards and in 1994 Wynette joined Jones for his duet album "The Bradley Barn Sessions" on a remake of their 1976 number one "Golden Ring". Their collaboration on "One" had been no doubt motivated by commercial factors as well; although Wynette had recorded a song with the British electronica group The KLF in late 1991 titled "Justified and Ancient (Stand by the JAMS)", which became a number one hit in eighteen countries the following year, and Jones had been recording albums regularly on the MCA Nashville label since 1991, they had both fallen out of favor with country radio's youth-obsessed format. Considering the history between the two and the media buzz it would generate, a reunion was suddenly an attractive, viable option.
Reception.
AllMusic calls "One" "a pleasant listen" and contends, "The main pleasure of the record is hearing George and Tammy together again after all these years, but if "One" is judged by their previous efforts, it looks rather thin."

</doc>
<doc id="7050653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050653" title="Lakeside Trolley">
Lakeside Trolley



</doc>
<doc id="7050655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050655" title="Dorsey, Michigan">
Dorsey, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050656" title="Aker Drilling">
Aker Drilling

Aker Drilling was a Norwegian drilling rig operation company; based in Stavanger, Norway and majority owned by the Aker Group. It was listed on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker - 'AKD'.
In October 2011, it was amalgamated into global operations of Transocean and renamed to Transocean Norway Drilling AS, after the completion of the US$1.43 billion acquisition of Aker Drilling by Transocean Ltd.
History.
There was previously in the 1970s a different company called Aker Drilling, also part of the Aker Group, which later became part of Fred. Olsen Energy.
The history of the 2005 established Aker drilling is as follows;
Inception and expansion (2005–2011).
Aker drilling was established in 2005, as part of the Aker Group controlled by the Norwegian billionaire Kjell Inge Røkke. The purpose of the new company was to place contracts for its two new-building semi-submersible drilling rigs. The two Aker H-6e type 6th generation semi-submersibles - "Aker Barents" and "Aker Spitsbergen", were designed by Aker Solutions and being built at Aker Stord AS shipyard.
In December 2005, Aker drilling went public and was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange. In 2006, with the Aker Drilling's management team in place, the company set up its head office in Stavanger, Norway. The same year, it secured long-term contracts with Statoil ASA and Aker Exploration ASA (later merged with Det Norske Oljeselskap ASA).
In 2007, it was taken off the exchange to avoid a takeover by billionaire John Fredriksen’s Seadrill, which made a voluntary offer for all outstanding shares in Aker Drilling. Aker ASA, through its wholly owned subsidiary Aker Capital ASA, made a voluntary acquisition of a majority stake in Aker drilling, which subsequently led to the de-listing of the company in March 2008.
In 2009, the company took ownership of the semi submersibles - Aker Barents and Aker Spitsbergen. Aker Barents subsequently commenced drilling operations on the Norwegian continental shelf for Det Norske Oljeselskap ASA (earlier Aker Exploration ASA) in July 2009. And in 2010, Aker Spitsbergen commenced drilling operations for Statoil ASA.
In February 2011, Aker drilling was relisted in the Oslo stock exchange under the ticker - 'AKD', three years after being taken off the exchange.
Acquisition by Transocean (2011).
On 15 August 2010, Transocean made a US$1.43 billion takeover bid for Aker Drilling. Under the transaction, Transocean made a voluntary NOK26.50 ($4.83) per share cash offer for all outstanding shares in the company. The company was delisted after the take over was completed in October 2011, and it was renamed Transocean Norway Drilling AS - a wholly owned subsidiary of Transocean. Aker Drilling used Goldman Sachs group Inc as its financial adviser, while Transocean was advised by Morgan Stanley and Fearnley Fonds AS.

</doc>
<doc id="7050659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050659" title="German Empire Party">
German Empire Party



</doc>
<doc id="7050664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050664" title="Two Mules for Sister Sarah">
Two Mules for Sister Sarah



</doc>
<doc id="7050665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050665" title="Doty, Michigan">
Doty, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050666" title="Gossypium barbadense">
Gossypium barbadense

Gossypium barbadense is one of several species of cotton. It is in the mallow family. It has been cultivated since antiquity, but has been especially prized since a form with particularly long fibers was developed in the 19th century. Other names associated with this species include Sea Island, Egyptian, Pima, and extra-long staple (ELS) cotton.
The species is a tropical, frost-sensitive perennial that produces yellow flowers and has black seeds. It grows as a bush or small tree and yields cotton with unusually long, silky fibers.
"G. barbadense" originated in southwest Ecuador and northwest Peru. It is now cultivated around the world, including China, Egypt, Sudan, India, Australia, Peru, Israel, the southwestern United States, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. It accounts for about 5% of the world's cotton production.
Taxonomy and etymology.
Linnaeus is given credit for describing "Gossypium barbadense" ("the cotton encountered in Barbados"). Today, this name is universally accepted; however, there is some question whether the modern definition matches what Linnaeus described. Paul A. Fryxell argues, although the evidence surviving from Linnaeus's time is less than ideal, the name is applied correctly. On the other hand, Y. I. Prokhanov and G. K. Brizicky argue that Linnaeus never actually saw any examples of the species we now call "G. barbadense".
The species is a member of the mallow family, Malvaceae. Authors differ on the ranks between family and genus. A recent example that considers cladistics is Bayer et al. (1999). In this system, "G. barbadense" and other cottons fall in the subfamily Malvoideae and tribe Gossypiae. The tribe Gossypiae includes cotton species and others that produce the substance gossypol.
The genus "Gossypium" encompasses the cottons. The genus can be divided by chromosome count. Subgenus Karpas has 52 chromosomes (four sets of 13). This subgenus encompasses "G. barbadense", along with "G. hirsutum" and a few other New World cottons. In comparison, the commercially important Old World cottons have 26 chromosomes. Most botanists who study Gossypium believe that the group of cottons with 52 chromosomes forms a clade. In other words, "G. barbadense", "G. hirsutum", and a few other New World cotton species arose from the same ancestor.
One form of "G. barbadense" has been recognized as a variety. Var "brasiliense" is called "kidney seed cotton" because its seeds are fused together into somewhat kidney-shaped masses.
Description.
"G. barbadense", like other cottons, forms a small bush in its first year. In cultivation, it is treated as an annual. If allowed to, it can grow into a large bush or even a small tree of height 1–3 m. Leaves are mostly 8–20 cm long, with 3-7 lobes. One distinction between "G. barbadense" and the more commonly cultivated "G. hirsutum" is that "G. barbadense" has three to five lobes whereas "G. hirsutum" has only three. The lobes of "G. barbadense"'s are also more deeply cut, about two-thirds the length of the leaf, as opposed to one half for "G. hirsutum".
Cotton flowers are showy, with five petals that open only partially. The petals are up to 8 cm long, usually yellow. The petals of Sea Island cultivars typically are creamy yellow with a red spot at the base, and as they wither, they turn rose pink. Like other members of the mallow family, the flowers have many stamens, which are merged to form a cylinder around the style.
The seeds and fiber form in a capsule called a "bole". Each bole is divided into three parts, each of which produce 5-8 seeds. The seeds are 8-10 mm long. 
Thousands of years of cultivation have dramatically changed the fiber in cotton plants. Wild cottons have very little fiber, so little it might not be noticed. The fiber emanates from each seed. The purpose of the fiber to wild plants is unknown. Domesticated cottons have much more fiber. Besides the more obvious long fibers, domesticated cotton seeds have short fibers called "linters". Some cultivars of "G. barbadense" have so few of these short hairs they are often called "lintless". They can also be called "smooth-seeded" as opposed to "fuzzy-seeded" "G. hirsutum".
As with all cottons, the bolls open when they mature, revealing showy "snowballs" of fiber.
All cottons contain gossypol, although some cultivars of "G. hirsutum" have been selected to minimize this chemical. Those cultivars are more susceptible to insect pests, which suggests the natural purpose of gossypol is to deter pests. The impact of gossypol in agriculture is it makes cotton plants poisonous to non-ruminant animals.
Wild forms of "G. barbadense" have been found in a small area near the Guayas Estuary in Ecuador and an island off of Manta, Ecuador. It can be grown as a perennial throughout the tropics. It is sensitive to frost. Nevertheless, it can be grown as an annual in regions where the summers are long enough for the bolls to mature.
History.
The earliest known evidence of human use of "G. barbadense" has been along the coast of present-day Ecuador and Peru. It is plausible humans in that area were also the first to domesticate the species. However, available evidence, such as seeds found in the floors of ancient houses, could be the result of either cultivated or wild-gathered cotton. So far, archaeologists have found evidence of widespread use in this region about 5000 years ago. Further, they have strong evidence at a few sites dating back 5500 years, and weaker evidence as far back as 7800 years. Investigators at one of the circa 5500 year-old sites, in the Ñachoc valley in northern Peru, argue that domestication did not happen there, therefore G. barbasense was domesticated elsewhere and then brought to Ñachoc.
By 1000 BCE, Peruvian cotton bolls were indistinguishable from modern cultivars of "G. barbadense". Native Americans grew cotton widely throughout South America and in the West Indies, where Christopher Columbus encountered it. At the time of Columbus, indigenous peoples of the West Indies raised "G. barbadense" as a dooryard crop, single plants near residences.
The advent of worldwide trade resulted in many kinds of plants being introduced to new places (see Columbian exchange). In the case of cotton, this exchange happened in all directions, new world cottons to the old world, old world cottons to the new world, and cottons to places which they had never grown before. In some cases, this resulted in multiple kinds of cotton growing in the same region. Since then, most of these regions have transitioned to specialize in a particular kind of cotton, resulting in the distinctive market classes of today.
During the 17th century, European colonists in the English West Indies developed cotton as a cash crop for export to Europe, establishing numerous plantations operated by white indentured servants and Black slaves to do so. By the 1650s, Barbados had become the first English colony in the West Indies to export cotton to Europe. By the late 1700s and early 1800s, "G. barbadense" was a major commercial crop in the West Indies. After the early 19th century, it was mostly supplanted as a cash crop by sugar cane. There have been a few periods since the early 1800s when cotton production has been attractive in the West Indies, but generally sugar cane has been more profitable.
Classification by staple length.
Cotton traders use many systems to classify the quality of cotton fiber. One of the most significant distinctions is "staple length", length of the individual fibers. Traditionally, cultivars of "Gossypium barbadense" fall into the "long-staple" category. The term extra-long-staple (ELS) first came into use in 1907. The International Cotton Advisory Committee, in an attempt to standardize classification, defined extra-long-staple as or longer, and long-staple as . Under this classification scheme, most cultivars of "G. barbadense" produce extra-long-staple fibers, but some cultivars qualify as long-staple.
Cultivation.
"G. barbadense" is now cultivated around the world, including China, Egypt, Sudan, India, Australia, Peru, Israel, the southwestern United States, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. The species accounts for about 5% of the world's cotton production.
Certain regions specialize in "G. barbadense". One reason is to prevent different species of cotton from hybridizing with each other. If a field of "G. barbadense" is too close to a field of a different species, the result is generally poor quality of the fiber.
"G. barbadense" organized by market class.
Traders in cotton have developed several broad categories called market classes. These categories are based on the characteristics of the fiber and the region where they are produced. In the United States, some market classes have been formalized in law.
Sea Island cotton.
Sea Island is a historical market class. It was actively marketed from 1790 to 1920. It was grown on the Sea Islands, islands off the coast of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida. It once was an important market class. In the markets of Europe, it suffered little competition from cottons with similar characteristics from its inception until the interruption of trade resulting from the U.S. Civil War.
Origins of Sea Island.
The origins of Sea Island cotton has been the subject of considerable controversy. Nevertheless, developing the market class required developing cultivars that would be productive in the Sea Islands, and developing a product that was distinct from other kinds of cotton. It also required at least some producers and consumers to agree "Sea Island" was a useful category.
One of the challenges explaining the development of a long fiber cotton that would thrive in the Sea Islands is that the cotton in the Sea Islands came from the West Indies, an area where all the cultivated cotton was short fiber (by today's standards) and required a long growing season. A distinctive cotton could not be developed in the Sea Islands, at least not by the methods of hybridization or selection, because frost killed the plants before they had a chance to produce seed.
One possible explanation was that the changes happened accidentally in a region with long growing season and then were introduced to the Sea Islands. In the 1960s and 1970s, S. G. Stephens performed an experiment where he hybridized a "G. barbadense" with short coarse fibers and long growing season with a wild form of "G. hirsutum" that had the same short fiber and long growing season, but the fibers were fine. It seemed reasonable the resulting plant produced fine fibers, but was surprised to find it also had long fiber and short growing season. He then demonstrated this could be rather easily back-hybridized (see introgression) to form a cotton that retained these desirable characteristics, yet was almost entirely "G. barbadense". He argued that such an event could have happened accidentally in the 18th century, resulting in the long, fine fiber "G. barbadense" of today. However, since this event could not have happened in the Sea Islands, it is not sufficient to explain the Sea Islands' distinctive product.
Unusual weather in 1785 and 1786 helped develop "G. barbadense" production in the Sea Islands. According to historical records, planters in Georgia were trying to introduce "G. barbadense", but the plants would die from frost before they could produce seed or fiber. However, the winter of 1785-1786 was particularly mild, so a few plants did succeed in producing seed. The next generation of plants was able to produce seed and fiber before the winter.
Historical records credit Kinsey Burden of developing the particularly high-quality cotton that came to be associated with the Sea Islands. He accomplished this in the first decade of the 1800s via seed selection on Burden's Island and Johns Island in South Carolina. The Sea Islands region parted ways with the rest of the southeastern United States, specializing in this high-quality "G. barbadense". Meanwhile, the rest of the southeastern United States developed its own market class "upland".
By 1803, the Charleston SC market recognized class distinctions of Sea Island, South Carolina upland, West Indian, and Mississippi.
What was called "Sea Island cotton" was cultivated on the Sea Islands, along the coasts of South Carolina and Georgia, especially by the late 18th century. Sea Island cotton commanded the highest price of all the cottons because of its long staple () and silky texture; it was used for the finest cotton counts and often mixed with silk.
Although planters tried to grow it on the uplands of Georgia, the quality was inferior, and it was too expensive to process. The invention of the cotton gin by the end of the 18th century utterly changed the production of cotton as a commodity crop. It made processing of short-staple cotton profitable. This cotton, known as upland cotton ("Gossypium hirsutum"), could be grown successfully in the interior uplands. Short-staple cotton became the prime commodity crop of the developing Deep South, and King Cotton was the basis of southern wealth in the antebellum years. This cotton in the early 21st century represents about 95% of U.S. production.
Among the earliest planters of Sea Island cotton in North America was an Englishman, Francis Levett. Other cotton planters came from Barbados. At the outbreak of the American Revolution, Levett left his Georgia plantation and went to the Bahamas. He attempted to introduce cotton production, but failed. Sugar cane had been a more important commodity crop.
Sea Island cultivars.
Sea Island planters could buy seed to plant each year, or they could plant seed saved from the previous year. Named cultivars resulted when particular planters gained a reputation for selecting the best seed to replant. Examples include "Seabrook", named after plantation proprietor William Seabrook, and "Bleak Hall", named after the plantation John Townsend managed. An incident in the early 20th century illustrates the importance of seed selection. The best seed selectors, in order to stop planters in the West Indies from benefiting from their work, they quit selling seed, even to their neighbors. This resulted in a decline in quality across the Sea Island region.
Demise of Sea Island.
Sea island never fully recovered from the disruptions of the U.S. Civil War. In the early 20th century, the boll weevil caused tremendous damage in the traditional cotton-growing regions of the United States. Sea Island cultivars were particularly susceptible. Also, wet conditions on the islands moderated soil temperatures, further favoring the insect. Production of Sea Island on a commercial scale ended in 1920.
Egyptian.
Egyptian is a market class representing "G. barbadense" grown in Egypt, and it also includes crops in Sudan, which was once part of Egypt. Sometimes the terms "Egyptian long-staple" and "Egyptian extra-long staple" are used, as Egypt and Sudan produce cottons with a variety of fiber lengths.
The development of the market class started in 1820, when Jumel's cotton entered commercial production. This was a type of cotton that had been growing in the region for some time, but a French engineer named Jumel recognized its potential as a source of fiber when he saw it growing as an ornamental in a garden in Cairo. Based on its description, it seems likely it was the recently developed long fiber kind of "G. barbadense" from the New World. Encouraged by the success of Jumel's cotton, Egyptians tested other seeds, including Sea Island. The next major cultivar in Egypt, "early Ashmouni," likely was a hybrid between Jumel and a Sea Island cultivar. Likewise, the following major cultivar, "Mit Afifi," likely was a hybrid between early Ashmouni and a Sea Island cultivar. Many more cultivars followed.
In the last half of the 19th century, cotton production in Egypt grew dramatically because of expansion of irrigation and increased demand because of the United States civil war. Egyptian cotton has been important ever since.
Pima.
Pima is a name often used for cotton grown in the Southwestern United States. This market class consists of extra-long "G. barbadense". It was originally known as "American Egyptian", but eventually the name "Pima" became more popular. Since the name "Pima" also has been applied to extra-long staple cotton growing in countries such as Peru, Australia, and Israel, sometimes the name "American Pima" is used to clarify the origin. The name "American Pima" was formally adopted by the United States government in 1970.
The American Pima market class was the result of government efforts to enable United States farmers to compete in the "Egyptian cotton" market. Circa 1900, the United States led in production of all the major market classes except Egyptian. H. J. Webber and others in the United States Department of Agriculture believed Egyptian long-staple would thrive under irrigation in the deserts of the southwestern United States. On behalf of the USDA, David Fairchild visited Egypt in 1902 and brought back a few Egyptian cultivars. A USDA team led by Thomas H. Kearney selected among these cultivars, and after a decade of refinement, released the first cultivar successful in the southwestern United States.
This first commercially successful cultivar was named "Yuma", after the Arizona town near the experiment station where it was developed. Kearney's second successful cultivar was "Pima". The cultivar Pima dominated irrigated lands in the southwestern United States from 1918 to as late as 1941, when other cultivars became more popular.
As of 2005, American Pima accounts for less than 5% of U.S. cotton production. It is grown chiefly in California, with small acreages in West Texas, New Mexico and Arizona.
Tanguis.
Although Tanguis represents a tiny fraction of the worldwide market, it is remarkable because it was developed relatively recently from local populations in "G. barbadense"'s home territory of Peru. Although it produces fiber shorter and rougher than other modern market classes, it has unique properties useful for certain industrial applications. It accounts for the majority of Peru's cotton production (about 80% in 2011).
Uses.
Most "G. barbadense" production comes from cultivars that produce particularly long fiber, and most of that is made into clothing. Fine (thin) yarn requires long fiber. In turn, this thin yarn is required for intermediate products like lace and high thread-count cloth. The long-fiber cultivars also tend to have particularly strong fibers, making them useful for various industrial products. Historically, "G. barbadense" has been used for the cords of automobile tires and cloth for aircraft wings. It is also used for sewing machine thread.
"G. barbadense" fiber is also used for some luxury goods where the fiber qualities are less important than the reputation of the best quality materials.
Sometimes the same names that are used to describe market classes are also used to describe finished items. However, the reputations of the names "Egyptian" and to a lesser extent "Pima" have been degraded by items made of lower quality fiber. To overcome this difficulty, a group of American Pima growers established the name "Supima" for finished products. This group of growers hold trademark rights, enabling them to enforce quality and origin requirements for "Supima" products.
Small quantities of Tanguis and other short-fibered cultivars are grown for specialized purposes.
"G. barbadense" can be used as a source of cottonseed oil and animal feed. However, other kinds of cotton generally are preferred because "G. barbadense" seeds contain more of the undesirable substance gossypol.

</doc>
<doc id="7050675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050675" title="Eben Junction, Michigan">
Eben Junction, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050676" title="Patrick Brown">
Patrick Brown

Patrick Brown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7050689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050689" title="Gerald Calabrese">
Gerald Calabrese

Gerald A. Calabrese (February 4, 1925 – April 13, 2015) was an American politician who served as Mayor of Cliffside Park, New Jersey continuously for 50 years, from 1965 to 2015. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Earlier in life, Calabrese played in the NBA for two seasons with the Syracuse Nationals.
Biography.
Calabrese was a graduate of Cliffside Park High School, where he led the school's team to the state basketball championship. After serving in the United States Navy during World War II, he attended St. John's University, where he was chosen for All-American honors. He went on to a professional basketball career with the Syracuse Nationals, predecessor to today's Philadelphia 76ers.
Calabrese was elected to the Cliffside Park Borough Council in 1955, and then became mayor in 1959. He was re-elected as mayor in 1965 and served continuously as the borough's chief executive until his death in 2015. He was elected to the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders in 1975, 1978 and 1982, and was Freeholder Director in 1984. From 1960 until January 1991, Calabrese was employed by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities, retiring as the director of water and sewage. He also served as chairman of the Bergen County Democratic Organization for multiple years.
, Calabrese was the longest-serving mayor in the State of New Jersey. He secured hundreds of thousands of dollars, sometimes millions, every year for the borough of Cliffside Park and one of the longest-serving mayors in the United States.
After 50 continuous years as mayor, Calabrese died on April 13, 2015, at the age of 90. He was succeeded as mayor by his son, Thomas Calabrese.
Career stats.
NBA.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="7050691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050691" title="Evelyn, Michigan">
Evelyn, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050692" title="Marira">
Marira

Marira is a village on the outskirts of Shurugwi in the Midlands Province of Zimbabwe. It is roughly 25 km southeast of Shurugwi, southeast from the A18.
In 2018, Marira villagers came into conflict with the proposed Chachacha Growth Point that would have evicted them and demolished their homes. The Tongogara Rural District Council claimed that the council had given the villagers eviction notices and their complaints were null and void as the land belonged to the council itself. There have also been tensions between the residents of the Donga suburbs of Shurugwi, near the Chachacha Growth Point, who accused Marira villagers of sabotaging and vandalizing their water supply.
The village includes the Marira Zhombe Primary School, which is used as a polling station for parliamentary elections. The Marira Clinic was built as part of the Zvishavane Community Share Ownership Trust's board decision to promote health care services and facilities in the surrounding area.

</doc>
<doc id="7050694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050694" title="Musick Express">
Musick Express



</doc>
<doc id="7050697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050697" title="Indecisive and Halfhearted EP">
Indecisive and Halfhearted EP



</doc>
<doc id="7050699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050699" title="Dikirion">
Dikirion



</doc>
<doc id="7050702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050702" title="Thailand Weekly">
Thailand Weekly



</doc>
<doc id="7050705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050705" title="Trikirion">
Trikirion



</doc>
<doc id="7050707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050707" title="Monmouth class cruisers">
Monmouth class cruisers



</doc>
<doc id="7050708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050708" title="Last man standing">
Last man standing



</doc>
<doc id="7050712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050712" title="Recessed Lighting">
Recessed Lighting



</doc>
<doc id="7050713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050713" title="Secția Intervenții Anti-Teroriste">
Secția Intervenții Anti-Teroriste

Secția Intervenții Anti-Teroriste (Counter-Terrorist Intervention Squad) is a special unit within the Romanian Protection and Guard Service.

</doc>
<doc id="7050717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050717" title="November Has Come">
November Has Come



</doc>
<doc id="7050718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050718" title="Green Haven, Michigan">
Green Haven, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050720" title="Tatsuya Nagatomo">
Tatsuya Nagatomo

 is a Japanese actor and voice actor affiliated with Office Osawa. He is originally from Nagasaki Prefecture.

</doc>
<doc id="7050722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050722" title="Rock Falls Township High School">
Rock Falls Township High School



</doc>
<doc id="7050730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050730" title="Kingfisher-class sloop">
Kingfisher-class sloop

The "Kingfisher" class was a class of nine patrol sloops of the British Royal Navy built in three groups of three each during the 1930s, that saw service during World War II, mainly on East Coast convoys in the North Sea.
Design.
The "Kingfisher" class was an attempt to build a patrol vessel under 600 tons, due to the lack of clauses on vessels this size in the London Naval Treaty of 1930. It was intended it would escort coastal shipping in wartime. Its small size and short range that this entailed (it was based on a scaled-down destroyer) rendered it unsuitable for open ocean work. The design had a number of shortcomings, it was designed to too high a standard; constructed to full naval warship specifications and powered by geared steam turbine engines, it was not suitable for mass production and it was armed with only one 4-inch gun forward and depth charges aft, which severely limited their ability to defend themselves, let alone their charges.
Modifications.
The woeful lack of defensive armament was addressed early in the war by adding a multiple Vickers machine gun on the quarterdeck in the "Kingfisher" and "Kittiwake" groups, as per the "Shearwaters". As they became available, two 20 mm Oerlikon guns were added, on pedestal mounts on the deckhouse aft, with the useless machine gun being replaced later with a further pair of such weapons. Centimetric Radar Type 271 was added on the roof of the bridge as it became available, this was a target indication set capable of picking up the conning tower or even the periscope or snorkel of a submarine. Radar Type 286 air warning was added at the masthead. The ships that had the Mark V gun on the open mounting HA Mark III had a shield added to give the gun crews a measure of protection on the exposed fo'c'sle.
In fiction.
Nicholas Monsarrat, the author of "The Cruel Sea", served in two "Kingfisher"-class sloops: HMS "Guillemot" in 1942 as First Lieutenant, and HMS "Shearwater" in 1943 as Captain, after they had been reclassified as corvettes. HMS "Dipper" and HMS "Winger" were the fictional names he gave to these Kingfisher class corvettes in his stories "East Coast Corvette" (1943) and "Corvette Command" (1944), written during the war when security included ship's names.

</doc>
<doc id="7050735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050735" title="Upper Valley Career Center">
Upper Valley Career Center

Upper Valley Career Center (formerly Upper Valley Joint Vocational School), is a public vocational school in Piqua, Ohio. The school educates adult and high school students train in to get experience needed to get a professional job.
Location.
Upper Valley Career Center is located at 8811 Career Dr., Piqua, Ohio 45356 right next door to Edison Community College. In addition to the main campus, there are several Adult Division facilities:
Academics.
Upper Valley Career Center is a vocational school designed to train students in a variety of skills. Having a location in Ohio they are surrounded by companies in the manufacturing industry. UVCC serves approximately 900 students in 29 career-technical programs offered on the main campus. In addition, UVCC offers many satellite programs in 14 associate schools. These satellite programs serve many thousands of students in grades nine through twelve. In addition to the 29 career programs offered by the school, UVCC also offers the necessary academic curriculum that is required for graduation with a diploma. The school also features a restaurant, the Cornerstone@8811, that is owned and operated by the students of the UVCC Chef Training Class.
History.
The Upper Valley Joint Vocational School (JVS) opened up in 1975 with a goal to teach students skills for careers in life. In 1976 the school was given property of land that is now called the Willowbrook Land Laboratory. Through 35 years of education, UVCC has made news countless times on the projects and community service performed by the students of the school. Some of the news articles that have UVCC articles are Dayton Daily News, Troy Daily News, and Piqua Daily Call. As UVCC took in more students over the years, it grew into more programs and fields of studies thus making the school become a hotspot for potential employers. In the early years of the school it did not have many programs and a major program was the HVAC which is taking off today. In addition to the many programs today, UVCC has managed to pull in companies that hire students who either attend there or even graduate from there.

</doc>
<doc id="7050748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050748" title="College Softball">
College Softball



</doc>
<doc id="7050750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050750" title="Luxe grunge">
Luxe grunge



</doc>
<doc id="7050754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050754" title="Indian Town, Michigan">
Indian Town, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050765" title="Notting Hill carnival">
Notting Hill carnival



</doc>
<doc id="7050770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050770" title="Notting hill carnival">
Notting hill carnival



</doc>
<doc id="7050777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050777" title="Josh Kilmer-Purcell">
Josh Kilmer-Purcell

Josh Kilmer-Purcell (born August 28, 1969) is an American writer, businessperson, and television personality. In addition to his "New York Times" and National Bestselling memoirs, his life has been documented in the television reality show "The Fabulous Beekman Boys" with his husband, Brent Ridge. He has written articles for "NPR", "Huffington Post", "Publishers Weekly", "AdWeek", "OUT Magazine" &amp; others. The pair also participated in the 21st season of "The Amazing Race", ultimately becoming the season's grand prize winners.
Television.
In 2010, Discovery Network's Planet Green channel debuted a reality television series about Kilmer-Purcell and Ridge, titled "The Fabulous Beekman Boys". The series documents their relationship and lives as farmers in upstate New York as they build a green lifestyle company together. The President and General Manager of Planet Green declared it the "No. 1 original series" on the network. In 2012, Cooking Channel acquired rights to the program, and began airing the second season.
On March 10, 2010, Bravo television network announced a development deal with Darren Star to produce "I Am Not Myself These Days" as a scripted television series based on Kilmer-Purcell's bestselling memoir of the same name.
On October 1,2012
The fabulous Beckman boys competed on season 21 of the Amazing Race. Unfortunately the pair was eliminated before the final leg and didn't win the 1 million dollar grand prize 
Writer.
Kilmer-Purcell has written or co-written six books, including two bestselling memoirs, a novel, and four cookbooks.
"", Harper Perennial, 2006, Memoir. Kilmer-Purcell's first memoir is a tragicomic account of his early days in New York City, living as an advertising art director by day and a drag queen named "Aquadisiac" (or "Aqua") by night. The memoir details his relationship with a crack-addicted male escort named "Jack", and was a "New York Times" bestseller in the spring of 2006.
"Candy Everybody Wants", Harper Perennial, 2008, Novel.
"The Bucolic Plague", HarperCollins, 2010, Memoir. Kilmer-Purcell's second memoir recounts his purchase of a historic mansion and goat farm in Sharon Springs, New York, and quickly became a national bestseller.
Kilmer-Purcell has also co-authored three Beekman 1802 cookbooks with Brent Ridge and Sandy Gluck.
From 2006-2009 Kilmer-Purcell wrote a monthly column about urban gay life for "Out" magazine. He has contributed to national media outlets including "The Advocate," "Huffington Post," and National Public Radio.
Biography.
Kilmer-Purcell (born "Joshua Gordon Kilmer") was born in Albany, New York, and was raised in Oconomowoc, Wisconsin. He attended high school in Mansfield, Massachusetts and attended Michigan State University, where he studied creative writing with the poet Diane Wakoski. He received a BA in English Literature in 1991. He added his stepfather's surname "Purcell" in 1990. He met husband Brent Ridge in New York City in 2000.
Kilmer-Purcell has worked at several Manhattan advertising agencies, including Kirshenbaum Bond &amp; Partners, Merkley Newman Harty, TBWA\Chiat Day, SS+K, &amp; JWT. It is widely believed that the events in "" took place while he was working at Merkley Newman Harty.
As his drag queen alter ego "Aqua" (short for "Aquadisiac"), Kilmer-Purcell performed at nightclubs in New York City, Atlanta, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, and Tokyo. Aqua was best known for her use of live goldfish in the breasts of her costumes. People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) sent a letter of protest to Kilmer-Purcell condemning the use of live animals in his shows.
In 2008 Kilmer-Purcell and Ridge launched Beekman 1802, a lifestyle company inspired by their farm in Sharon Springs, New York. In 2015 the company ranked #1112 on the Top 2000 Fastest Growing Private Companies in America by Inc Magazine, and has been called "one of the fastest growing lifestyle brands in America" by Nasdaq. In 2015, Beekman 1802 launched a magazine titles "The Beekman 1802 Magazine" with Meredith Publications. Beekman 1802 is the third largest brand on the American television retail channel Evine. The brand is also present on Canadian and European shopping channels. Kilmer-Purcell and Ridge often appear on the channels as company spokespersons.
Personal.
Kilmer-Purcell is openly gay, and with his husband, Dr. Brent Ridge, a physician at Mount Sinai Hospital who was the vice president of healthy living at Martha Stewart Omnimedia, have been together since 2000. Their engagement was announced in December 2011. The couple married on June 28, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="7050779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050779" title="Sisters of Charity of the Immaculate Conception">
Sisters of Charity of the Immaculate Conception

The Sisters of Charity of the Immaculate Conception (SCIC) were established in 1854 by Honoria Conway and her companions in Saint John, New Brunswick. They serve in Canada, Peru, and Ireland.
Thomas Connolly.
Thomas-Louis Connolly was born in Cork in 1815. At the age of sixteen Thomas entered the Capuchin Novitiate, and at eighteen he was sent to Rome for intensive study and training. In 1838 he was ordained to the priesthood in the Cathedral of Lyon, France. He then returned to Ireland, where he worked as a prison chaplain in Dublin.
When Right Reverend William Walsh went to Halifax in 1842 as Coadjutor to Bishop William Fraser of Arichat, Nova Scotia, Father Connolly accompanied him as his secretary. Upon their arrival in Nova Scotia, the Bishop found ecclesiastical affairs in an unsettled state because of the discord between the Scots and the Irish. Bishop Walsh appointed Connolly administrator and in 1845 vicar general. During the years that Father Connolly held this position, he worked tirelessly among the poor, especially caring for the immigrants who arrived at the port. During an epidemic among these people, he contracted the disease and was seriously ill. Upon the death of Bishop Dollard, Connolly was consecrated on August 15, 1852.
Honoria Conway.
Honoria Conway (June 18, 1815 – May 27, 1892) was born while her father was garrisoned at Dover Castle in England. Her family was Welsh-Irish and she spent her early years at Ballinasloe, Ireland. Her parents were Michael and Eleanor McCarthy Conway. In 1837 she and her widowed mother immigrated to St. John to join her older sister and brother-in-law. They eventually settled with Mrs. Conway's brother in Meteghan, Nova Scotia.
Bishop Connolly had contacted the Sisters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul in New York seeking sisters to staff a planned orphanage and Catholic schools in his diocese. He had sent Miss Conway to the novitiate in New York to prepare for the foundation of a local community. At age 37 she entered the novitiate at Mount St. Vincent, New York, taking the name Sister Mary Vincent.
Sisters of Charity of St. John.
In 1854 Bishop Connolly of Saint John again contacted the novitiate of the Sisters of Charity at Mount St. Vincent in New York, to appeal for help with a poor population that included many recent immigrants who had left Ireland in the "Great Migration" of the 1847 Great Famine. Many of them still felt the effects of the "ship's fever" typhus epidemic" from the crossing. Then in the summer of 1854, an epidemic of cholera broke out and 1,500 died, leaving many children orphaned.
Honoria Conway and three companions traveled from New York to New Brunswick and on October 21, 1854, Bishop Connolly accepted their vows as Sisters of Charity of Saint John, a new diocesan religious congregation. At the time of this move, it is possible that Honoria was still a novice; she had been in New York for just over a year. In accordance with custom of the times regarding diocesan religious, the bishop appointed the superior, choosing Honoria. Within a few years she began to serve as Novice Mistress as well. Despite her relative youth, it seems she was well suited by ability and temperament for fulfilling dual roles.
As their numbers increased, the sisters expanded their ministry to care of the aged and other health care apostolates. They opened five hospitals and missions in six other provinces of Canada. Visiting the sick remains an important ministry in Canada and Peru. As early as 1857, the Sisters were invited to establish the first of five convent-schools in New Brunswick's northern Acadian area.
The Sisters came to Saskatchewan in 1906, when three sisters arrived in Prince Albert to care for and teach the children at St. Patrick's Orphanage.
Sisters of Charity of the Immaculate Conception.
Up until 1914, the sisters operated as a diocesan community. In that year, they received papal approval and a new name. In 1924 fifty-three French-speaking Acadian sisters withdrew to form a new community in order to preserve their language and culture. This community became Les Religieuses de Notre-Dame-du-Sacré-Cœur, (Dieppe, New Brunswick), and concentrated their apostolate in the French-speaking areas of New Brunswick. Both orders are members of the Sisters of Charity Federation in the Vincentian-Setonian Tradition.
For more than a decade, the public has been welcomed to ecumenical Evening Prayer in the Saint John Region of New Brunswick.
The Sisters serve in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Saskatchewan, Alberta, British Columbia, and Peru. In the Archdiocese of Vancouver, their ministries include health care, pastoral care, and teaching including in the missions.

</doc>
<doc id="7050782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050782" title="Juniper, Michigan">
Juniper, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050788" title="Unreal Engine technology">
Unreal Engine technology



</doc>
<doc id="7050792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050792" title="Kentucky, Michigan">
Kentucky, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050802" title="Hazm (name)">
Hazm (name)



</doc>
<doc id="7050806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050806" title="Bhutanese Cricket Team">
Bhutanese Cricket Team



</doc>
<doc id="7050812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050812" title="Kiva, Michigan">
Kiva, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050814" title="Sauk Valley Community College">
Sauk Valley Community College

Sauk Valley Community College (SVCC) is a public community college in Dixon, Illinois, United States. It was established in 1965 and was built on the Rock River between the cities of Sterling and Dixon.
The college offers an assortment of transfer degree majors (e.g., A.A., A.S.), career-technical degrees (A.A.S.) and certificates. It enrolls about 2,000 full and part-time students each semester. Sauk provides numerous opportunities for educational growth including programs in adult education (G.E.D. or E.S.L) and classes in personal and professional enrichment. Sauk's district includes portions of Bureau, Lee, Henry, Carroll, Ogle, and Whiteside counties.
It is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. The Radiation Technology program is accredited by the Joint Review Committee on Education in Radiologic Technology.
Academics.
The college offers:
Athletics.
Sauk is a member of the Arrowhead Conference and participates in the highest level of National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) competition.

</doc>
<doc id="7050826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050826" title="702 discography">
702 discography

American R&amp;B girl group 702 has released three studio albums, and fourteen singles, including two as featured artists.
702 first charted in August 1996, and released their debut album "No Doubt" in the United States in October 1996 and it peaked at number 82 on the "Billboard" 200. It earned a gold certification in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The album's lead single, "Steelo", reached number thirty-two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified gold by the RIAA, selling 514,000 copies. The album's second single "Get It Together" reached number ten on "Billboard" Hot 100. The single sold 813,000 copies and was also certified gold by the RIAA. The group's second album, "702", was released in June 1999, and was their breakthrough release peaking at number 34 on the "Billboard" 200. The album's lead single "Where My Girls At?" peaked in the top-five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The album eventually sold over a million copies in the United States, gaining platinum certification by the RIAA.
The group's third and final album, "Star", was released in the spring of 2003 and reached number forty-five on "Billboard" 200. The album sold 21,000 copies in its first week. To date, 702 has sold over 4 million records worldwide.

</doc>
<doc id="7050831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050831" title="Charing T">
Charing T



</doc>
<doc id="7050833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050833" title="Ladoga, Michigan">
Ladoga, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050834" title="Nederlandse Ijshockey Bond">
Nederlandse Ijshockey Bond



</doc>
<doc id="7050837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050837" title="Astley, Worcestershire">
Astley, Worcestershire

Astley is a village, and a civil parish (with Dunley) in Worcestershire, England, about two miles outside Stourport-on-Severn and seven miles south-west of Kidderminster.
A range of English white wines including sparkling wines have been produced in Astley since 1983. The wines have won over 100 awards, and are now Quality Wine status, three of which have received International Wine and Spirit Competition (IWSC) awards.
History.
There is evidence in the village of Norman heritage. The house Astley Towne has a Norman cellar.
Near St Peter's Church are the remains of a priory built in 1088. The priory was founded by Ralph de Todeni who was given the manor of "Eastlie" (Astley) following the Norman conquest of England. It was an alien Benedictine House, belonging to a parent monastery in Normandy. The prior's well remains, but is overgrown. To the East of the priory, well-defined earthworks of a medieval village have been found.
Astley was in the lower division of Doddingtree Hundred.
Following the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834 Astley Parish ceased to be responsible for maintaining the poor in its parish. This responsibility was transferred to Martley Poor Law Union.
St Peter's church is of possible c12 century origins although its origins may have been based on an existing priory.
There are several memorials within the church to the Winford family.
Education.
Astley Primary School is a small, rural CoE Voluntary Aided school with about eighty pupils between 4 and 11 years old. A free school was first established in Astley in 1729, endowed by the will of Mercy Pope. The present school was built in 1893. 
Although the school is isolated, it is popular with children travelling some distance each day. On leaving Astley school the 11 to 16s go on to The Chantry School at Martley.
Facilities.
Astley Burf contains an Outdoor Education centre, owned by Dudley Council, and used by Dudley schools during the spring and summer
Glasshampton.
Glasshampton means "the home of clear water".
Glasshampton was a separate manor from Astley, but like Astley, was in the lower division of Doddingtree Hundred.
The manor of Glasshampton and its associated estate was held by the Winford family.
The house was said to contain 365 windows but was burnt down in 1917. The stable block survived and was converted in 1918 to accommodate a monastery for the Anglican Franciscan order.

</doc>
<doc id="7050843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050843" title="Sonangol">
Sonangol



</doc>
<doc id="7050846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050846" title="Bernardo de Irigoyen (Misiones)">
Bernardo de Irigoyen (Misiones)



</doc>
<doc id="7050847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050847" title="Xue Muqiao">
Xue Muqiao

Xue Muqiao (; 25 October 1904 – 22 July 2005) was an eminent Chinese economist and politician. He was instrumental in introducing and implementing economic reforms that transformed China into a socialist market economy by participating in the development of the ideological concept of a primary stage of socialism.
Xue was born in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province as Xue Yulin (). He served as the director of the National Bureau of Statistics of the People's Republic of China in the 1950s. He was a fellow of Chinese Academy of Sciences and a member of the Chinese Communist Party. In 2005, Xue received the first Outstanding Achievement Award of Economics in China.
Early life.
Xue was born into an educated family of a formerly wealthy clan experiencing both social and economic decline. When Xue was a child, his father committed suicide because of the family's overwhelming debt burden. Xue joined the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) at age 23, and studied Marxism and economics while imprisoned by the Nationalist forces for his activism in the railroad workers movement.
Xue also edited "China's Countryside".
Early intellectual contributions.
Xue's first work as an intellectual was his participation in Marxist historian Chen Hansheng's survey work of the Chinese countryside in the 1930s. The goal of the research team was to conduct a large scale data collection effort in order to address China's stage of historical development, specifically the extent to which the country was semifeudal or the extent to which it was semicolonial. As part of this research, Xue surveyed his own home town, documenting its significant levels of development and agricultural production during the period of the Jiaqing Emperor "and compared this with the pitiable state of opium addiction and gambling financed by excessive rent extraction in Xue's own time."
Xue's early intellectual work also helped document the exploitive nature of China's rural economy at the time, showing that 10 percent of the rural population owned 70 percent of the land. In other words, most people who lived in rural China were at the mercy of feudal landlords and wealthy peasants.
In 1943, Xue became a major part of the CCP's economic work in Shandong. The CCP's economic goal at the time was to drive out the Nationalists' competing currency from areas liberated by the communists. The communists’ first attempt to do so in Shandong (relying on administrative measures to set exchange rates arbitrarily) failed. Xue argued that the party should instead manipulate market forces to oust the Nationalists' currency. He also disagreed with those in the party who advocated for backing the CCP's paper money with precious metals because “[d]uring a period of material shortage, food and cotton are more valuable than gold and silver, which cannot full stomachs and protect against the cold.” At Xue's advice, the CCP revived the traditional “salt channel” which in turn allowed it to build up stocks of essential goods and competing currencies. Under this method, the CCP government sold the right to participate in salt farming to private businesses, which in turn rented to salt farmers — and only to salt farmers willing to work with the CCP. Gradually, the CCP came to control the profitable salt trade, and used the revenue to support its military and secure the value of its currency.
Career.
As a result of his role as a key strategist of "economic warfare," price stabilization, and driver out the competing currency of the Nationalists in Shandong, Xue developed a reputation as a leading authority on economic and financial matters. "His writings became important instructional materials for soldiers and cadres."
In 1948, Xue's work focused on the creation of a planned economy. In 1949, he was named to numerous positions in the People's Republic of China government, including secretary general of the Finance and Economics Committee of the State Council, director of the Bureau of Private Enterprises, the National Bureau of Statistics, the National Price Commission, and the Economic Research Center of the State Council, and deputy director of the National Planning Commission.
Xue continued his work on price stabilization following the failure of the Great Leap Forward.
Xue was sent into the countryside for "reeducation by labor" in 1969.
He published his reformist economic thinking in the late 1970s, particularly his influential volume "China's Socialist Economy." Although an initial proponent of the gradual creation of markets by the state, Xue came to support "package reform." He supported the market reform agenda and played a role in its revival after 1989.
Economist Isabella Weber describes Xue as a "key interlocutor with foreign guests" on economic matters, given his reputation as an "eminent economist" and his role as the leader of the Price Research Center.
Xue Muqiao's theory of the "immature socialist system".
Xue Muqiao introduced the term "underdeveloped socialism" in his book "China's Socialist Economy". The book was written in the orthodox Marxist–Leninist framework enunciated by Joseph Stalin in "Economic Problems of Socialism in the U.S.S.R." (1952). Xue wrote that within the socialist mode of production there were several phases and for China to reach an advanced form of socialism it had to focus on developing the productive forces. He proposed a theory in which the basic laws of economic growth were those in which "the relations of production must conform to the level of the productive forces". Similar to Stalin, Xue considered the productive forces to be primary and that the relations of production had to conform to the level of the productive forces. Xue believed that this was a fundamental universal law of economics. Unlike Stalin, Xue believed there were principles that guided the socialist transition, the key one being the principle of "from each according to his ability, to each according to his work"; this principle would guide socialist development, even when China had reached advanced socialism, and would be replaced with "from each according to his ability, to each according to his need" only when there existed general abundance. Xue based his arguments upon the economic policies pursued during the Cultural Revolution, which he believed had led to "the most severe setbacks and heaviest losses suffered by the Party, the state and the people since the founding of the People's Republic".
Xue believed the relations of production were determined by ownership in the economy. He said that since the productive forces in China were "backward", the relations of production were at a comparable level. While believing industry in China had become the "ownership of the whole people", Xue said agriculture was lagging far behind, which required ending the practice of paying wages based on collective efforts, supporting the re-introduction of individual incentives and increasing state investments in agriculture. Xue's suggestions were abandoned at the 6th Plenary Session of the 11th Central Committee held in June 1981 because they failed to solve the problems facing agriculture. From the 6th Plenary Session onwards, the CCP led by Wan Li began supporting the de-collectivization of agriculture. At the beginning, Wan chose a conservative reformist approach, stating that:
Prudence is necessary when approaching the reform of the commune institutions. We should not require each level to reform from top to bottom by prescribing a time limit for fulfilment. Until suitable new organizational forms can replace production brigades and teams, we should not recklessly change existing forms and bring about a disorderly situation.
Wan called for the dismantlement of the People's Commune system and its replacement with a household-responsibility system. He referred to the changes underway in the agricultural system as the creation of a new mode of production and called it the socialist commodity economy. Party theorist Du Runsheng supported Wan's position, saying, "a principle of Marxism is that every change in the relations of ownership is an inevitable outcome of the development of new productive forces which can no longer fit in with the old relations of ownership". He also said:
Today's household undertakings are very different in nature. Since land is owned by the public, they are restricted by the collective economy in many ways. They represent a level of management in the co-operative economy, and constitute an organic component part of the entire socialist economy... It is feared that the household contracting system will promote the conservative idea of private possession among the peasants. This fear is not without grounds. However, we must be able to see the other side of the matter, which also happens to be the prevailing aspect. Today's peasants are different from those of the past. They are now new-type labourers under the socialist co-operative system.

</doc>
<doc id="7050849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050849" title="Hizam (name)">
Hizam (name)



</doc>
<doc id="7050853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050853" title="Munising Junction, Michigan">
Munising Junction, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050855" title="Bernardo de Irigoyen">
Bernardo de Irigoyen

Bernardo de Irigoyen (December 18, 1822 – December 27, 1906) was an Argentine lawyer, diplomat and politician.
Biography.
Born in Buenos Aires, Irigoyen enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires and earned a "juris doctor" in 1843. He was commissioned by Governor Juan Manuel de Rosas to settle a boundary dispute with Chile (Rosas was charged with the Argentine Confederation's foreign policy during his 1835–1852 reign), and from 1844 to 1850, Irigoyen served as Justice Minister in Mendoza Province, where he enacted the first provincial judicial system, as well as reformist military law and land law statutes.
He again negotiated with Chile over the disputed Straits of Magellan (1851), and following Rosas' overthrow, helped draft the 1852 San Nicolás Agreement. He participated in the constitutional assembly that paved the way for the 1860 reunification with secessionist Buenos Aires Province, and was nominated to the Argentine Supreme Court; he refused, however, and resumed his private practice.
Irigoyen returned to public life in 1870 as a provincial legislator, and in 1875, was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs by President Nicolás Avellaneda. He negotiated boundary treaties with Brazil and Paraguay in the wake of the Paraguayan War against the latter nation, and was named Internal Affairs Minister in 1879, during which tenure he drafted the 1880 federalization of Buenos Aires. He was returned to the Foreign Minister's post by Avellaneda's successor, President Julio Roca, and secured the boundary treaty of 1881 between Chile and Argentina. 
He was elected to the Argentine Senate in 1884, and ran unsuccessfully for President in 1886. He later represented Argentina in talks with U.S. Secretary of State James Blaine for the formation of a Pan-American Congress; ultimately, however, the Argentine relationship with the British Empire led Irigoyen, who was otherwise amenable to the idea, to reject Blaine's proposals for closer economic ties with the United States. 
Irigoyen joined Bartolomé Mitre, Leandro Alem, and others in establishing the Civic Union in 1890. Formed to challenge the paramount National Autonomist Party (PAN), the Civic Union organized its first presidential ticket in 1892. Irigoyen was nominated as Mitre's running mate, though before the campaign could begin in earnest, Alem's opposition led to Mitre's quitting the race. Irigoyen attempted to create a coalition of more conservative Civic Union figures and reformists from within the ruling PAN. His faction, however, was overshadowed by Hipólito Yrigoyen's newly formed Radical Civic Union, which espoused a policy of "breaking before bending" on the subject of electoral reforms to the undemocratic system then prevailing. 
The aging lawmaker ran instead, in 1898, for Governor of Buenos Aires Province, and was elected, serving until 1902. Bernardo de Irigoyen retired afterwards and died in Buenos Aires in 1906. His death deprived the influential former President Roca of one of his most respected allies, and Roca's hegemony over national policy ended shortly afterwards.

</doc>
<doc id="7050856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050856" title="AI 182">
AI 182



</doc>
<doc id="7050869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050869" title="Danilo II of Montenegro">
Danilo II of Montenegro



</doc>
<doc id="7050872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050872" title="Myren, Michigan">
Myren, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050880" title="Samantha Gillison">
Samantha Gillison

Samantha Gillison (born 1967) is an Australian-born American writer who frequently contributes to Salon.com and Condé Nast Traveler.
Gillison was born in Australia, of an Australian father and Canadian mother, but has lived overseas since she was two years old, although she retains her Australian citizenship. She lived for some years in Papua New Guinea, where her mother was doing anthropological studies and her father was a photographer. She used the PNG setting for her first novel, "The Undiscovered Country" (1998).
She attended Brown University, where she majored in ancient Greek, and has taught at Columbia University.
Peter Carey, who had never heard of Gillison before being sent a copy of "The Undiscovered Country" by her publisher, rang her to offer a very positive review for the dust jacket. In 2000, she was a recipient of the Whiting Award for her work in "The Undiscovered Country".
Works.
She is the author of two novels:
She also wrote an article for "Children's Express" when she was 11 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="7050885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050885" title="French Battalion">
French Battalion

The French Battalion of the United Nations Organisation (, or BF-ONU) was a battalion of volunteers made up of active and reserve French military personnel sent to the Korean Peninsula as part of the UN force fighting in the Korean War.
Korea.
Lieutenant General Raoul Magrin-Vernerey, better known under his nom de guerre, Monclar, Inspector of the French Foreign Legion and a hero of World War II, supported Chief of Staff of the French Army General Clément Blanc's decision to form a volunteer force and agreed to command the new unit, accepting a demotion back to the rank of lieutenant-colonel. The French Battalion arrived in Pusan, South Korea on November 29, 1950, and was placed under the operational control of the U.S. 23rd Infantry Regiment, 2nd Infantry Division. Despite initial fears about French forces being "on the rout", the battalion carried out several successful early actions and earned the respect of General Matthew Ridgway, commander of the U.S. Eighth Army.
From January 7–12, 1951, the French Battalion participated in the First and Second Battle of Wonju where it stopped the North Korean advance. It was followed by the Battle of the Twin Tunnels (February 1–2, 1951) and of Chipyong-ni (February 3–16, 1951). These battles, during which the battalion resisted the attacks of four Chinese divisions for three days, allowed the 8th Army to score a victorious counter-offensive. Three weeks later, the battalion was engaged in combat for Hill 1037 (about 50 miles east of Seoul) and lost 40 dead and 200 wounded while attacking and capturing the hill.
In the spring of 1951, the battalion crossed the 38th parallel into the Hwacheon region. The destruction of an engineering platoon led to a partial rout of the French Battalion. However, it allowed U.S. forces to stop the new Chinese offensive. In the fall of 1951, the French took part in the Battle of Heartbreak Ridge. In the course of these combats which lasted a month, 60 French soldiers were killed and 200 were wounded. In the fall of 1952, after a lethal war of positions, similar to the Battle of Verdun during World War I, the battalion put a halt in Chongwon, South Korea, to a Chinese offensive toward Seoul. This resistance resulted in 47 dead and 144 wounded. The total Chinese losses against the French battalion were estimated at 2000 men. In the winter and the spring of 1953, the battalion took part in battles which kept the North Korean and Chinese forces from reaching Seoul.
After the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement in July 1953, the French Battalion left Korea with five French Citations to the Order of the Army; the French Fourragère in the colors of the Military Medal; two Korean Presidential Citations; and three American Distinguished Unit Citations. Forty-four of the French casualties were eventually buried at the United Nations Memorial Cemetery in Busan, South Korea.
In an address to a joint session of the United States Congress on 22 May 1952, General Ridgway said the following:
One member of the French Battalion, Louis Misseri, was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross by the United States for his actions. His citation reads:
Paul L. Freeman Jr., the commander of the 23rd Infantry Regiment, said of the French Battalion:
Post Korea.
On October 22, 1953, the French battalion embarked on the and headed for Indochina, where it was expanded into a two battalion regiment and formed the nucleus of the French "Groupement mobile 100." During their service in Indochina, the unit (under its new title of "Le Regiment de Corée") participated in the brutal battles Mang Yang Pass along "Route coloniale 19" in June 1954, and Chu Dreh Pass along "Route Coloniale 14" a month later, where it suffered heavy casualties. Between its arrival in Indochina and the cease-fire on July 20, 1954, the 1st Battalion suffered 238 killed or wounded, and the 2nd Battalion 202 killed or wounded. In addition, 34 Indochinese assigned to the battalion were killed in action. On September 1, 1954, the "Regiment de Corée" was disbanded and reduced to battalion size. The battalion remained in Indochina until July 17, 1955, when it embarked from Saigon to Algeria to participate in the suppression of the ongoing insurrection.
On August 10, 1955, the battalion landed in Algiers and began a series of garrison and search-and-destroy operations in the Constantine Department. On September 1, 1960, the battalion was amalgamated with the 156th Infantry Regiment () and received the designation of "156 Régiment d'Infanterie- Régiment de Corée." All told, the regiment suffered 48 killed in action in Algeria. The regiment was repatriated to France after the Évian Accords and disbanded upon its return to France in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="7050889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050889" title="Community of Christ Church">
Community of Christ Church



</doc>
<doc id="7050897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050897" title="Rumely, Michigan">
Rumely, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050898" title="OBLIVION DUST">
OBLIVION DUST



</doc>
<doc id="7050903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050903" title="Prince Danilo">
Prince Danilo



</doc>
<doc id="7050910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050910" title="KEN LLOYD">
KEN LLOYD



</doc>
<doc id="7050915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050915" title="Slapneck, Michigan">
Slapneck, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050920" title="Nandi Award for Best Supporting Actor">
Nandi Award for Best Supporting Actor

The Nandi Award for Best Supporting Actor is an award presented at the Nandi Awards, instituted since 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="7050922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050922" title="PlanetBoredom">
PlanetBoredom



</doc>
<doc id="7050925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050925" title="Czech Americans">
Czech Americans

Czech Americans (), known in the 19th and early 20th century as Bohemian Americans, are citizens of the United States whose ancestry is wholly or partly originate from the Czech lands, a term which refers to the majority of the traditional lands of the Bohemian Crown, namely Bohemia, Moravia and Czech Silesia. These lands over time have been governed by a variety of states, including the Kingdom of Bohemia, the Austrian Empire, Czechoslovakia, and the Czech Republic also known by its short-form name, Czechia. Germans from the Czech lands who emigrated to the United States are usually identified as German Americans, or, more specifically, as Americans of German Bohemian descent. According to the 2000 U.S. census, there are 1,262,527 Americans of full or partial Czech descent, in addition to 441,403 persons who list their ancestry as Czechoslovak. Historical information about Czechs in America is available thanks to people such as Mila Rechcigl.
History.
The first documented case of the entry of Czechs to the North American shores is of Joachim Gans of Prague, a Bohemian Jewish mining engineer who came to Roanoke, North Carolina in 1585 with an expedition of explorers organized by Sir Walter Raleigh (1552–1618).
Augustine Herman (1621–1686) was the first documented Czech settler. He was a surveyor and skilled draftsman, successful planter and developer of new lands, a shrewd and enterprising merchant, a bold politician and effective diplomat, fluent in several languages. After coming to New Amsterdam (present New York), he became one of the most influential people in the Dutch Province which led to his appointment to the Council of Nine to advise the New Amsterdam Governor Peter Stuyvesant. One of his greatest achievements was his celebrated map of Maryland and Virginia commissioned by Lord Baltimore on which he began working in earnest after removing to the English Province of Maryland. Lord Baltimore was so pleased with the map that he rewarded Herman with a large estate, named by Herman "Bohemia Manor", and the hereditary title Lord.
There was another Bohemian living in New Amsterdam at that time, Frederick Philipse (1626–1720), who became equally famous. He was a successful merchant who, eventually, became the wealthiest person in the entire Dutch Province. Philipse was originally from Bohemia, from an aristocratic Protestant family who had to leave their native land to save their lives, after the Thirty Years' War.
The first significant wave of Czech colonists was of the Moravian Brethren who began arriving on the American shores in the first half of the 18th century. Moravian Brethren were the followers of the teachings of the Czech religious reformer and martyr Jan Hus (1370–1415), Petr Chelčický and Bishop John Amos Comenius (1592–1670). They were true heirs of the ancient "Unitas fratrum bohemicorum" - Unity of the Brethren, who found a temporary refuge in Herrnhut () in Lusatia under the patronage of Count Nikolaus Zinzendorf (1700–1760). Because of the worsening political and religious situation in Saxony, the Moravian Brethren, as they began calling themselves, decided to emigrate to North America.
This group started coming in 1735, when they first settled in Savannah, Georgia, and then in Pennsylvania, from which they spread to other states after the American Revolution, especially Ohio. The Moravians established a number of settlements, such as Bethlehem and Lititz in Pennsylvania and Salem in North Carolina. Moravians made great contributions to the growth and development of the United States. Cultural contributions of Moravian Brethren from the Czech lands were distinctly notable in the realm of music. The trumpets and horns used by the Moravians in Georgia are the first evidence of Moravian instrumental music in America.
In 1776, at the time of the Declaration of Independence, more than two thousand Moravian Brethren lived in the colonies. President Thomas Jefferson designated special lands to the missionaries to civilize the Indians and promote Christianity. The free uncultivated land in America encouraged immigration throughout the nineteenth century; most of the immigrants were farmers and settled in the Midwestern states. The first major immigration of Czechs occurred in 1848 when the Czech "Forty Eighters" fled to the United States to escape the political persecution by the Austrian Habsburgs. During the American Civil War, Czechs served in both the Confederate and Union army, but as with most immigrant groups, the majority fought for the Union. 
Immigration resumed and reached a peak in 1907, when 13,554 Czechs entered the eastern ports. Unlike previous immigration, new immigrants were predominantly Catholic. Although some of the anticlericalism of the Czechs in Europe came to the United States, Czech Americans are, on the whole, much more likely to be practicing Catholics than Czechs in Europe. 
By 1910, the Czech population was 349,000, and by 1940 it was 1,764,000. The U.S. Bureau of the Census reported that nearly 800,000 Czechs were residing in the U.S. in 1970. Since that figure did not include Czechs who had been living in the U.S. for several generations, it is reasonable to assume that the actual number was higher. Additionally, Czech immigrants in America often had different claims of origin in records. Before 1918, many Czechs would be listed as from Bohemia or Moravia or vaguely Austria or Silesia. Some were also counted as from Germany if they were German-speakers or rarely Polish if the recorder could not distinguish the language. Slovaks were often listed as from Hungary. After the formation of Czechoslovakia in 1918, Czechs and Slovaks were also listed under the new blanket category.
The Czech American community gained a high public profile in 1911, with the kidnapping and murder in Chicago of the five-year old Elsie Paroubek. The Czech American community mobilized massively to help in the searches for the girl and support her family, and it gained much sympathy from the general American public.
While most Czech-Americans are white, some are people of color or are Latino/Hispanic. A small group of Black Czech-Americans of Ethiopian descent lives in Baltimore. In Texas, many Tejanos have Czech ancestry. Czech immigrants to Texas had a deep influence on Tejano culture, particularly Tejano music.
Czechs in New York.
For the majority of 19th and 20th centuries the Upper East Side of Manhattan was a middle-class neighborhood inhabited by Czech, Slovak, Irish, Polish, German and Hungarian immigrants. Czechs began to migrate in larger numbers in the second half of the 19th century, many of them being political refugees who emigrated after the wave of revolutions that swept through Europe in the year 1848.
Initially, they flocked to the Lower East Side, however due to the expansion of the German community, the Bohemians later started relocating together with the Hungarians to Yorkville.
By the end of the 19th century, a large number of Czechs and Slovaks had already settled on the Upper East Side, most of them between 65th and 73th Streets – the area known as Little Bohemia. In 1900 the New York Times stated that there were about 75 000 Bohemians residing in New York, with about 55 000 of them living on the east side of Manhattan. The East 72nd Street was even nicknamed the “Bohemian Broadway” because of all the Czechs who lived there. This area contained a lot of Czech shops, pubs, clubs and theatres.
A 1924 article named “New York City and the Czechs” argued that “No part of the city could as much resemble Prague as Fiftieth Street and thereabouts up to Seventieth Street”. The article goes on to describe that there are tunnels, and even streets, which one can reach only through stone stairs two stories high, and also speaks of cobblestone pavements and vaulted alleys.
Although most of the neighborhood's traces have since disappeared, many Czech institutions can still be found in the area, including a school established in 1867, a Czech Gymnastic Association and community center named Sokol and also two churches. 
Population.
The top 50 U.S. communities with the highest percentage of people claiming Czech ancestry.
The top 50 U.S. communities with the highest percentage of people claiming Czech ancestry are:
U.S. communities with the most residents born in the Czech Republic (former Czechoslovakia).
The top U.S. communities with the most residents born in the Czech Republic (former Czechoslovakia) are:
The states with the largest Czech American populations.
The states with the largest Czech American populations are:
However, these figures are grossly understated when second and third generation descendants are included.
The states with the top percentages of Czech Americans.
The states with the top percentages of Czech Americans are:
Festivals.
Many cities in the United States hold festivals celebrating Czech culture and cuisine.

</doc>
<doc id="7050927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050927" title="Needles in the Cosmic Haystack">
Needles in the Cosmic Haystack

Needles in the Cosmic Haystack is a Man or Astro-man? 7-inch EP released on Tempe-based East Side Records in 1995. It was released exclusively on black vinyl. The original sleeves were misprinted so that the title read simply: "Haystack". The misprinted sleeve had this effect: Along with the misprinted sleeves, original inner labels misspelled "Supernova" and instead attributed the b-side track to Supernove: Both the misprinted sleeves and the misspelled labels were corrected on the second pressing, though some of the first press records may have been distributed with the corrected sleeve. On all pressings of the single, the printing on B side's inner label cuts off the final "S" on East Side Records. The A side ("Radio Fission") was later reworked and released on Experiment Zero as "Television Fission". The artwork was the brain child of local Tempe artist Brian Marsland.

</doc>
<doc id="7050932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050932" title="Cullompton Manor House">
Cullompton Manor House



</doc>
<doc id="7050936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050936" title="Star, Michigan">
Star, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7050942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050942" title="J. Samuel White and Company">
J. Samuel White and Company



</doc>
<doc id="7050943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050943" title="Nonsexual">
Nonsexual



</doc>
<doc id="7050949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050949" title="Alexander Cairncross (economist)">
Alexander Cairncross (economist)

Sir Alexander Kirkland Cairncross (11 February 1911 – 21 October 1998), known as Sir Alec Cairncross, was a British economist. He was the brother of the spy John Cairncross and father of journalist Frances Cairncross and public health engineer and epidemiologist Sandy Cairncross.
Life.
Cairncross was born in Lesmahagow, Lanarkshire, the seventh of eight children of Alexander Kirkland Cairncross, an ironmonger. He was educated at Lesmahagow Higher Grade School and Hamilton Academy, then won two scholarships to study economics at Glasgow University. From there, he attained a further research studentship to study at Trinity College, Cambridge, and in 1935 was awarded the second PhD in economics bestowed by the university (the first, according to Cairncross himself, was given to Ronald Walker).
Cairncross was instrumental in founding the Scottish Economic Society and was, in 1954, the first editor of its "Scottish Journal of Political Economy". Cairncross served as an economic adviser to the UK government (1961–64), Head of the Government Economic Service (1964–69) and Master of St Peter's College, Oxford (1969–78), Chancellor of the University of Glasgow (1972–96), and was an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. At Guildhall, Swansea he gave the Presidential Address as President of the British Association for 1970–1971. Cairncross was made a Fellow of the British Academy in 1961. Cairncross also received an Honorary Doctorate from Heriot-Watt University in 1969, and in 1992 was elected an Honorary Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
In 1970 he was invited to deliver the MacMillan Memorial Lecture to the Institution of Engineers and Shipbuilders in Scotland. He chose the subject "Economic Growth".
Recognition.
The Scottish Economic Society instituted the Cairncross Prize in his memory.
Family and death.
Cairncross married Mary Frances Glynn in 1943; the couple had five children: two daughters and three sons. He died in Oxford on 21 October 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="7050955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050955" title="Victoria Gardens (Rancho Cucamonga)">
Victoria Gardens (Rancho Cucamonga)

Victoria Gardens is a lifestyle center in Rancho Cucamonga, California, designed to be the downtown center for the City of Rancho Cucamonga.
Components and events.
The complex comprises not only department stores, shops, restaurants, and movie theaters, but also a performing arts center, a library, of office space, and 500 residential units.
Retail anchors are JCPenney, Macy's Men's, Children's, and Home store, a separate Macy's store with the remaining departments, and Bass Pro Shops.
The Victoria Gardens Cultural Center, which features the Rancho Cucamonga Public Library, a performing arts center, and a multi-use reception hall, is owned and operated by the city of Rancho Cucamonga and sits north of the shopping center between the two parking structures.
There are events throughout the year such as the tree lighting and Santa during the holiday season, farmer’s markets, and car shows. Victoria Gardens is the home of the first Bass Pro Shops location in California.
History.
The center opened on October 28, 2004, with JCPenney, Macy's, and Robinsons-May (now the Macy's Men's, Children's, and Home store) as the anchors.
The mall increased the city's sales tax income by 44% in its first year of operation.
In 2006, the former Robinsons-May store was converted to a Macy's Men's and Home Store to complement the existing Macy's.
Victoria Gardens is owned by Queensland Investment Corp. 

</doc>
<doc id="7050958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050958" title="Meyer Joshua Nurenberger">
Meyer Joshua Nurenberger



</doc>
<doc id="7050968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050968" title="David Irving (footballer)">
David Irving (footballer)

David Irving (born 10 September 1951) is an English football manager and former player who played as a forward.
Playing career.
Irving started his professional playing career with Workington AFC before signing for Everton in the old English Football League First Division for £30,000 – the highest youth transfer fee of the time. Later on he moved to Sheffield United on loan and Oldham Athletic. In the mid-1970s he crossed the Atlantic to play in the United States for the Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1977–83). Whilst with the Strikers, he played alongside such legendary players as Gordon Banks, Gerd Müller, Teófilo Cubillas and George Best. He also played against footballers like Pelé and Franz Beckenbauer. After Fort Lauderdale, he featured for other American teams such as the Tulsa Roughnecks, the San Jose Earthquakes and the Atlanta Chiefs.
He signed for Shamrock Rovers in October 1977. He made his debut on the 23rd at Milltown scoring against Drogheda United. He netted a hat trick at Galway on his fourth appearance and scored further goals against Home Farm and against St. Patrick's Athletic on his last appearance in the famous green and white Hoops. In total he played 16 times scoring six goals.
Coaching career.
After retiring from professional football, Irving earned himself an FA coaching badge. He began his managerial career with Oulun Palloseura where he was the player/assistant manager for a season. He moved back to the United States in 1989 when he joined the Fort Lauderdale Strikers (1988–94) as the assistant coach, helping the Strikers to the Pro Soccer League National Championship title in 1989.
In 1990, he became the head coach of the Miami Freedom of the American Professional Soccer League. That year the Freedom finished 8–12. He continued with the club into the 1991 season, but was fired after nine games with the team at 1–1–7 (win-draw-loss).
Irving was the head coach of the Carolina Vipers of the now defunct Continental Indoor Soccer League in 1994.
Irving was the head coach of the Myrtle Beach Boyz of the USL Second Division in 1995.
Irving was the head coach of the Myrtle Beach Seadawgs of the USL Second Division at the start of the 1997 season.
At the beginning of the 1998 season, Wilmington Hammerheads found themselves needing a new coach and managed to get Irving back into management. He brought success to the Hammerheads, winning them the USL Second Division title in 2003. He also tries to get English football clubs to play pre-season friendlies against Wilmington, most recently attracting Sunderland and Sheffield Wednesday. He has a good record at the club with 86 wins, 37 draws and just 12 defeats in eight seasons and has an excellent player recruitment track record, identifying many players from combines and try-outs. In the USL-Pro 2011 season he recruited five such players from combines in California as well as the 2011 USL-Pro 'Rookie of the Year' Luke Mulholland.

</doc>
<doc id="7050971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050971" title="Hakim (name)">
Hakim (name)

Hakim or Al-Hakim is a masculine given name from "wise" or "ruler". Its Anglicized variant, especially in the United States, is Hakeem.

</doc>
<doc id="7050989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050989" title="Arkady Ter-Tadevosyan">
Arkady Ter-Tadevosyan

Arkady Ivani Ter-Tadevosyan (; ; May 22, 1939 – March 31, 2021), also known by his nom-de-guerre Komandos (), was a Soviet and Armenian Major General, a military leader of the Armenian forces during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War and Armenia's former Deputy Minister of Defense. Ter-Tadevosyan is best known as the commander of the operation to capture the town of Shushi on 8–9 May 1992.
Biography.
Arkady Ter-Tadevosyan was born Artush Oganesovich Tadevosyan in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR. After graduating from a high school in Tbilisi, he decided to become an officer. He attended the Baku Combined Arms Command School and later the Leningrad Military Academy of Rear Services and Transportation. He served in Afghanistan where he earned the nickname "Mountain Fox." He continued his military service in the Soviet Army in Leninakan (modern-day Gyumri), East Germany, Czechoslovakia, Belarus, and Yerevan. He also served as a lecturer at the Armenian State Agrarian University. With the breakup of the Soviet Union and the brewing conflict in Nagorno-Karabakh, Ter-Tadevosyan took part in organizing in 1990 the defense of Armenian villages straddling the borders of Soviet Azerbaijan. He joined the Sasuntsi Davit Detachment to defend villages from constant attacks launched by Azerbaijani militants.
First Nagorno-Karabakh War.
Thereafter, he went to Nagorno-Karabakh to train soldiers. Ter-Tadevosyan was appointed Head of Training Corps Defense Committee in 1991. In 1992 he was named commander of the operation (dubbed "Operation Wedding in the Mountains") to seize the strategic town of Shushi, the capture of which on 9 May 1992 marked the first significant military victory by Armenian forces during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War. Ter-Tadevosyan is known in Armenia as the "mastermind of the liberation of Shushi." He participated in the formation of the Armed Forces of Armenia and assisted it to overcome significant challenges before it could emerge as a well-developed institution. On 25 May 1992, Ter-Tadevosyan was awarded the rank of Major General for his accomplishments during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War. He also received the Order of the Combat Cross (1st class).
Later life and death.
In May 2000, Ter-Tadevosyan left the Yerkrapah veterans union and founded the Veterans of the War of Liberation organization, although he left it in July of that year, expressing personal grievances about those who had joined it.
The President of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic, Bako Sahakyan, awarded him the Order of the Golden Eagle and the title of Hero of Artsakh on the 17th anniversary of the Capture of Shushi in 2009. The region continued to hold much meaning for Ter-Tadevosyan, who spent at least one week each month there.
During the later years of his military career Ter-Tadevosyan supervised the training of specialists in the Armenian armed forces. He died in Yerevan on 31 March 2021. Condolences were sent by Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan, President Armen Sarksyan and former president Robert Kocharyan. A requiem service for the commander took place on 2 April at the Karen Demirchyan Complex and a religious ceremony was also held on 3 April at the St. John's Church in Yerevan. Upon his request, he was buried at the family cemetery in Davitashen District.
Legacy.
On 8 May 2021, which is the Shushi Liberation Day, Ter-Tadevosyan was posthumously named National Hero of Armenia Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan also awarded Ter-Tadevosyan with the Order of the Motherland, which he handed over to his son Hayk Ter-Tadevosyan. A house museum is planned for Ter-Tadevosyan.

</doc>
<doc id="7050991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050991" title="Kamprad">
Kamprad

Kamprad is a Swedish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="7050995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7050995" title="Stillman, Michigan">
Stillman, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7051019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051019" title="Drbd">
Drbd



</doc>
<doc id="7051031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051031" title="Toma Dundic">
Toma Dundic



</doc>
<doc id="7051038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051038" title="Japan Le Mans Challenge">
Japan Le Mans Challenge

The Japan Le Mans Challenge (abbreviated JLMC) was an endurance sportscar series based in Japan built around the 24 Hours of Le Mans that began in 2006. It was run by the Sports Car Endurance Race Operation (SERO) sanctioning body and ran under the rules laid out by the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO). It is the first endurance sportscar series in Japan since the demise of the All Japan Sports Prototype Championship in 1992, although the ACO had run a single endurance race since then, the 1999 Le Mans Fuji 1000 km. The series was cancelled in 2007 following two poor seasons.
Rules.
The rules for the JLMC were based around the rules used by the ACO for the 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance race in France, similar to those used by the Le Mans Series in Europe and the American Le Mans Series in North America. Cars were broken into two general classes, known as Le Mans Prototypes (LMP) and Grand Touring (GT). These classes were further broken down into a larger, more powerful class and a cheaper, less powerful class, which created four classes: LMP1, LMP2, GT1, and GT2. All four classes raced at the same time on the same track, with a winner being declared for each class as well as an overall race winner. Points were based on finishing position are awarded for overall championships amongst drivers, teams, and engine builders. However, unlike the two other Le Mans-based series, the JLMC allowed cars which did not meet ACO guidelines in an attempt to increase the number of entrants. This was allowed with the belief that by 2008, JLMC would fully adapt to ACO rules and run fully compliant cars.
The ACO planned to also grant automatic entries to the 24 Hours of Le Mans for the teams that win the season championships in each class. However, due to the use of cars which do not meet ACO guidelines, this plan for invitations was also moved to 2008.
History.
During the brief two seasons of the Japan Le Mans Challenge, the series struggled to provide grids similar to those in the American Le Mans Series and Le Mans Series. Most races averaged approximately 12 cars total, with only a few meeting actual LMP and GT regulations. Mugen Motorsports backed an LMP1 entry using one of their engines, while Hitotsuyama Racing attempted to increase field size by entering cars in two of the four classes. The LMP2 class however consisted entirely of rebodied single seaters, some of these were modified Dallara F3s from the domestic GC21 Championship. Even with some factory support and proven Le Mans cars, most teams struggled to survive the 1000 kilometer race distances. The first two races of the 2006 season were won by a Hitotsuyama Ferrari 550 Maranello in the GT1 class, while the two proper LMP1s failed to finish. It was not until the final race of 2006 that Mugen's LMP managed to earn an overall victory.
For 2007, Hitotsuyama's Zytek LMP1 managed to prove reliable enough to earn the first three victories of the season, before it once again struggled to finish in the final race of the year, leaving an LMP2 GC21 to take overall victory. During that 2007 season, SERO announced that they were relinquishing control of the series due to their failure to promote it and increase not only grid size, but also fan viewership. The ACO initially announced that they were to take over the series for 2008. However, shortly after this announcement, the ACO announced their intentions to cancel the series entirely, citing a continued lack of participants as well as being unable to make contracts with circuits over the lack of ticket sales.
Asian Le Mans Series.
The ACO announced a new Asian-based sports car series in 2009, which will encompass all of Asia in an attempt to increase support from outside Japan. A teasing race was to be held at the Shanghai International Circuit on November 1–2, 2008 but was later cancelled. The initial 2009 season comprised at least four three-hour races: two at Okayama International Circuit on October 30–November 1, and the other two at Shanghai on November 7–8, which was later cancelled due to economic reasons. The winners would be awarded entries for the 2010 24 Hours of Le Mans. The ACO aimed to attract teams from ALMS, LMS and the Super GT. Following the cancellation of the Shanghai race, the Asian Le Mans series would not be held again until 2013, this time following the ELMS class structure (with additional classes for Group GT3 and Super GT GT300 cars), but the series continued to struggle from entry list issues until ACO took over the organisation of the series at the end of 2014 season.

</doc>
<doc id="7051043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051043" title="Sundell, Michigan">
Sundell, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7051048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051048" title="Shingle Creek, Minneapolis">
Shingle Creek, Minneapolis

 
Shingle Creek is a neighborhood within the Camden community in the U.S. city of Minneapolis. Located in the far northwestern corner of the city, the neighborhood is named after the creek that runs through it.
The boundaries of Shingle Creek are 53rd Avenue North to the north, Humboldt Avenue North to the east, 49th Avenue North to the south, and Xerxes Avenue North to the west. It is located in Ward 4, represented by council member LaTrisha Vetaw.

</doc>
<doc id="7051050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051050" title="Nandi Award for Best Supporting Actress">
Nandi Award for Best Supporting Actress

The Nandi Award for Best Supporting Actress was institute since 1981:

</doc>
<doc id="7051057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051057" title="Mara Scherzinger">
Mara Scherzinger

Mara Scherzinger (born September 23, 1989) is a German actress. She performed in commercials, TV films, TV series, and cinema movies.
Childhood.
Mara Scherzinger grew up in Saig, Lenzkirch in the Black Forest. Her father, Paulus Straub, was an electronics engineer working in solar energy business. Her mother is Claudia Scherzinger, working as Business and Personality-Development coach; Mara has a brother named Jannis, who now works as filmmaker and musician. He performs in a Duo with Lilian Lito.
About 2000, the family moved to Cologne and in 2004 to Sydney, Australia. There Mara became a Lifeguard at Surf Life Saving Australia in Long Beach. With the club she competed in related sports competitions specialising in IRB - (inflatable rescue boat) races.
Career.
In 2002, she got a small role in a commercial for Masterfoods. Her success came with the film "Love and Desire", in which she plays Torchy, a troubled and wild juvenile. She played alongside award-winning actress Natalia Wörner and Katja Flint. From then on parts in short films, movies and series followed. Her role as Anna Peterson on the Australian/German produced TV-Series "Blue Water High" gained her credits as it aired not only in Australia and Germany but also in more than 10 other countries. Another highlight was getting to kiss Bill Murray in the movie "The Monuments Men" (2014).
Mara has been singing and dancing since a young age and continues to take classes for example at the Sydney Dance Company and other acclaimed institutions.
The girlgroup "Pretty Girls" was founded by Mara Scherzinger, Mareike Xander, Joana Xander and Johanna Sandvoss in 2001. They had international success until 2005.
From 2002 until 2005, Mara took part in the High Performance Leadership Training with shows on Broadway in NYC and at Starnberger Lake in Bavaria.
In 2008, she completed her HSC Certificate, Performing Arts (Drama, Dance and Arts) in New South Wales, Australia.
Parallel to acting, school and international travels and workshops Mara Scherzinger has also worked as a model in print and catwalk. On print she appeared in various magazines. For example, Dolly and Girlfriend Australia, YAM! Germany etc. The shows range from fashion shows in Manhattan, NYC to shows in Germany for various labels like La Perla, Britta Uschkamp and Valisere.
At the international trade fair photokina 2010 she worked with the American fashion and lifestyle photographer Steve Thornton, as well as with the photographers of fine arts Manuel Cortez and Florian Anders in Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="7051061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051061" title="Traunik, Michigan">
Traunik, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7051062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051062" title="Toma Dundich">
Toma Dundich



</doc>
<doc id="7051065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051065" title="Richie Cole (musician)">
Richie Cole (musician)

Richie Cole (February 29, 1948 – May 2, 2020) was an American jazz saxophonist, composer, and arranger.
Early life.
Cole was born in Trenton, New Jersey. He began to play alto saxophone when he was ten years old, encouraged by his father, who owned a jazz club in New Jersey. He was a graduate of Ewing High School, in Ewing Township, New Jersey. Cole won a scholarship from "DownBeat" magazine to attend the Berklee School of Music in Boston.
Career.
In 1969, he joined drummer Buddy Rich's Big Band. After working with Lionel Hampton's Big Band and Doc Severinsen's Big Band, he formed his own quintet and toured worldwide, developing his own "alto madness" bebop style in the 1970s and early 1980s. He formed the Alto Madness Orchestra in the 1990s.
Cole performed and recorded with Eddie Jefferson, Nancy Wilson, Tom Waits, The Manhattan Transfer, Hank Crawford, Freddie Hubbard, Eric Kloss, Bobby Enriquez, Phil Woods, Sonny Stitt, Art Pepper, and Boots Randolph. He recorded over fifty albums, including his albums "Hollywood Madness" (Muse, 1979) and "Richie Cole Plays West Side Story" (Music Masters, 1997), a tribute to Leonard Bernstein.
He was appointed to the Board of the National Jazz Service Organization and the Board for the National Endowment for the Arts where he served as chairman for one year. He was a charter member of the International Association of Jazz Educators.
In 2005, he was awarded the State of California Congressional Certificate of Lifetime Achievement in Jazz on behalf of the Temecula Jazz Society.
Cole died of natural causes on May 2, 2020.
Personal life.
Cole was briefly engaged to actress Brenda Vaccaro in 1979. He has two daughters, Amanda Marrazzo, a writer/reporter/producer and Annie Cole, a music agent.
Discography.
As sideman.
With Eddie Jefferson
With The Manhattan Transfer
With Red Rodney
With others

</doc>
<doc id="7051066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051066" title="Continental Baseball League">
Continental Baseball League

The Continental Baseball League, based in Addison, Texas, was an independent minor league professional baseball league that operated for four seasons, from 2007 to 2010. The league conceived as a professional, independent baseball organization operating in the U.S. states of New Mexico, Louisiana and Texas in cities not served by Major League Baseball or Minor League Baseball teams nor affiliated with either. The league was founded by Ron Baron and former major leaguer Jay Johnstone.
After a shortened 2010 season, the Continental Baseball League ceased operations after the league championship was played on July 31. Some of the teams which played in the 2010 season moved to the Pecos League in 2011.
2010 Season Overview.
Standings.
"Final regular season standings for 2010:"
2009 Season Overview.
Standings.
"Final regular season standings for 2009:"
2008 Season Overview.
Standings.
" Final regular-season standings for 2008"
2007 Season Review.
Standings.
"Final regular-season standings for 2007"

</doc>
<doc id="7051069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051069" title="Weightless Wonder">
Weightless Wonder



</doc>
<doc id="7051078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051078" title="Trenary, Michigan">
Trenary, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7051087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051087" title="Czech-American">
Czech-American



</doc>
<doc id="7051093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051093" title="Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad ibn Amr ibn Hazm">
Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad ibn Amr ibn Hazm

Abu Bakr ibn Muhammad ibn Amr ibn Hazm () (died 120/737) was an 8th-century Sunni Islamic scholar based in Madinah.
He is among those who compiled hadiths at Umar II's behest. Umar asked him to write down all the hadiths he could learn in Madinah from 'Amra bint 'Abd al-Rahman, who was at the time the most respected scholar of hadiths narrated by Aisha, the wife of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

</doc>
<doc id="7051106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051106" title="Vail, Michigan">
Vail, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7051117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051117" title="Daw's Castle">
Daw's Castle

Daw's Castle (or "Dart's Castle" or "Dane's Castle") is a sea cliff hillfort just west of Watchet, a harbour town in Somerset, England. It is a Scheduled Monument.
The name comes from Thomas Dawe, who owned "castell" field in 1537.
The fort is situated on an east-west cliff about above the sea, on a tapering spur of land bounded by the Washford River to the south, as it flows to the sea at Watchet, about 1 km east. The ramparts of the fort would have formed a semicircle backing on to the sheer cliffs, but coastal erosion has reduced the size of the enclosure, and later destruction by farming, limekilns, and the B3191 road, have left only about of ramparts visible today.
The fort may be of Iron Age origin, but was rebuilt and fortified as a "burh" by King Alfred, as part of his defense against Viking raids from the Bristol Channel around 878 AD. It would have been one of a chain of forts and coastal lookout posts, connected by the "Herepath", or "military road", which allowed Alfred to move his army along the coast, covering Viking movements at sea.
Excavations have revealed a first phase of defence with a mortared wall fronting an earth bank from this period. Then a second phase of defence in late 9th or early 10th centuries, also against Viking invaders.
In the Burghal Hidage of 919, nearby Watchet is attributed 513 hides, which converts to a defensive perimeter of 645 m. It is not clear whether this refers to the walls of the town, or of Daw's Castle high on the cliff above.
The "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" records a Viking raid on Watchet in 914, but they were defeated "with great slaughter ... so that few of them came away, except those only who swam out to the ships".
There was a plundering raid in 987, and another in 997, with "much evil wrought in burning and manslaughter".
A Saxon mint was established at Watchet in 1035, and this was probably within the fort, rather than in the town below.

</doc>
<doc id="7051120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051120" title="Timeline beyond October following the September 11 attacks">
Timeline beyond October following the September 11 attacks

The following list contains dates beyond October 2001 involving the September 11 attacks.
2006.
April.
Thursday, April 27, 2006,.
The construction of One World Trade Center commences.
May.
Tuesday, May 23, 2006.
The new 7 World Trade Center opens in New York City.
September.
Monday, September 11, 2006.
Between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and midnight on September 11, 2006, on CNN, viewers could watch CNN footage of the attacks, as it happened as it was broadcast on that day. At 8:49 a.m. ET, during "American Morning", CNN rebroadcast the first minute of its coverage, as it was the moment it broke the news.
MSNBC broadcasts national NBC News coverage from 8:52 to 12:00 ET, branding it as a "Living History Event". They would do it again annually since then.
2008.
Monday, February 11, 2008.
The United States announces charges for Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other conspirators, and that it will seek the death penalty in the case.
Sunday, April 20, 2008.
Pope Benedict XVI made a visit to the World Trade Center Site during his visit to the United States. He is the first pope to visit the site since the attacks.
Saturday, May 17, 2008.
One World Trade Center reaches ground level.
Thursday, September 11, 2008.
George W. Bush dedicates the Pentagon Memorial to the public on the occasion of the seventh anniversary of the September 11 attacks.
2009.
Friday, November 13, 2009.
U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announces that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed's trial will be transferred from a military commission to the civilian U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.
2010.
Wednesday, June 23, 2010.
District Judge Alvin Hellerstein approves a $700 million settlement between the World Trade Center Captive Insurance Company and 95 percent of plaintiffs for reimbursement of 9/11 first responders exposed to toxic dust at Ground Zero.
2011.
Sunday, January 2, 2011.
President Barack Obama signs the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act creating the World Trade Center Health Program for 9/11 victims.
Tuesday, April 5, 2011.
Attorney General Holder transfers the KSM trial back to military jurisdiction.
Monday, May 2, 2011.
Osama bin Laden, the founder of the terrorist organization al-Qaeda who was responsible for the September 11 attacks, is killed by U.S. Navy SEALs in Abbottabad, Pakistan. The death of bin Laden is announced by the President of the United States Barack Obama in a nationwide address.
Sunday, September 11, 2011.
Ceremonies are held across the United States and the world to mark the tenth anniversary of the attacks. The National September 11 Memorial at the World Trade Center site is dedicated in a ceremony attended by President Obama, former President Bush, their respective First Ladies, and several federal, state, and local government officials. One day earlier, the Flight 93 National Memorial in Shanksville, Pennsylvania was inaugurated in a ceremony attended by Vice President Joe Biden.
The NFL also saw its first Sunday set of games be scheduled for the first time following the attacks. There was initial speculation that both New York based teams would play against each other, as they were scheduled to play that season. Instead, the New York Giants visited the Washington Redskins as the marquee matchup that Sunday. Meanwhile, the Dallas Cowboys visited the New York Jets later that night. Moments of silence were held before each game’s kickoff.
2012.
Saturday, May 5, 2012.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and five other alleged conspirators of the September 11 attacks are arraigned by a U.S. military court presided by Colonel James L. Pohl.
Thursday, August 30, 2012.
Construction of 1 World Trade Center's main structure tops out at 104 floors.
Wednesday, December 19, 2012.
The "Journal of the American Medical Association" publishes an article indicating an increased risk of cancer from exposure to the 9/11 attacks.
2013.
Friday, May 10, 2013.
Construction of the new One World Trade Center is completed with the installation of the spire at 1,776 feet, making it the tallest building in both the United States and the Western Hemisphere.
Wednesday, November 13, 2013.
The new 4 World Trade Center opens.
2014.
May.
Friday, May 2, 2014.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit rules in a lawsuit from Cedar &amp; Washington Associates that American Airlines Group Inc., United Continental Holdings, the Port Authority of New York &amp; New Jersey, and Larry Silverstein are exempt from having to pay for environmental damage from 9/11 under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 since the attacks were an act of war.
Thursday, May 15, 2014.
The museum at the National September 11 Memorial at the World Trade Center site, which includes a repository for unidentified remains from the attacks, is inaugurated during a private ceremony with victims' families and friends. The facility is opened to the public six days later.
November.
Monday, November 3, 2014.
One World Trade Center formally opens to new tenants with Condé Nast moving in.
December.
Thursday, December 4, 2014.
The U.S. Supreme Court rejects Cedar &amp; Washington's appeal in its lawsuit.
2016.
March.
Thursday, March 3, 2016.
The World Trade Center Transportation Hub opens.
June.
Friday, June 10, 2016.
Liberty Park opens at the World Trade Center site.
July.
Friday, July 15, 2016.
The U.S. federal government declassifies the redacted "28 pages" of the Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities before and after the Terrorist Attacks of September 11, 2001 revealing that al-Qaeda was assisted by individuals affiliated with the Saudi government.
September.
Sunday, September 11, 2016.
Ceremonies are held across the United States and the world to mark the 15th anniversary of the attacks, including a vigil at the World Trade Center site attended by both major candidates of the 2016 United States presidential election, Donald Trump and Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Once again, the NFL hosted its first Sunday set of games on the 11th. The Cincinnati Bengals visited the New York Jets early in the day. Meanwhile, most of the nation saw New York Giants visit the Dallas Cowboys. The Pittsburgh Steelers visited the Washington Redskins the following night in front of a prime-time audience.
Wednesday, September 28, 2016.
Congress passes the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, overturning President Barack Obama's veto for the only time in his presidency, allowing victims of the September 11 attacks to sue the Government of Saudi Arabia for the attacks.
2018.
Monday, June 11, 2018.
The new 3 World Trade Center opens.
Saturday, September 8, 2018.
The WTC Cortlandt station destroyed in the attacks is reopened after reconstruction is completed.
2019.
Monday, July 29, 2019.
President Donald Trump signs the Never Forget the Heroes Act permanently authorizing the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund.
Friday, August 30, 2019.
The "United States v. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed" trial is scheduled for January 11, 2021.
2020.
Friday, December 18, 2020.
After being repeatedly delayed because of the COVID-19 pandemic, a judge indefinitely postpones the "U.S. vs. KLM" trial.
2021.
September.
Friday, September 10, 2021.
After numerous delays, St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church is partially reopened and illuminated for an outdoor memorial service ahead of 20th anniversary commemorations the follow day.
Saturday, September 11, 2021.
Ceremonies are held across the United States and the world to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the attacks. President Joe Biden, First Lady Jill Biden, former presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama accompanied with their respective spouses, and several federal, state, local officials attend a remembrance ceremony at the National September 11 Memorial &amp; Museum in New York. Vice President Kamala Harris and former president George W. Bush speak at a memorial service held the Flight 93 National Memorial in Somerset County, Pennsylvania. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mark Milley also preside over a memorial service at the Pentagon Memorial, which was held concurrently with the aforementioned events.
2022.
Sunday, July 31, 2022.
The second emir of Al-Qaeda, Ayman al-Zawahiri, who helped plan the September 11 attacks, is killed in a drone strike at his home in Kabul, Afghanistan. President Biden announces al-Zawahiri's death in a statement the day after on August 1.
Tuesday, December 6, 2022.
St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Church is fully opened for regular services on December 6, 2022, the Feast of Saint Nicholas.
2023.
Wednesday, September 13, 2023.
The Ronald O. Perelman Performing Arts Center opens at the World Trade Center.
2024.
Friday, August 2, 2024.
In "United States v. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed", Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin revokes a plea deal with three men who are accused of plotting the September 11 attacks, effectively reinstating it as a death penalty case.
Monday, August 12, 2024.
Joseph W. Pfeifer retires from the FDNY.
2027.
The new 2 World Trade Center is scheduled to be completed.
2028.
The new 5 World Trade Center is scheduled to be completed.

</doc>
<doc id="7051121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051121" title="Justus von Dohnanyi">
Justus von Dohnanyi



</doc>
<doc id="7051126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051126" title="Van Meer, Michigan">
Van Meer, Michigan



</doc>
<doc id="7051136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051136" title="Nandi Award for Best Villain">
Nandi Award for Best Villain

The Nandi Award for Best Villain winners since 1985:

</doc>
<doc id="7051147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051147" title="Sangamon Mass Transit District">
Sangamon Mass Transit District

The Sangamon Mass Transit District (SMTD) is a regional mass transit district that mostly serves Springfield, Illinois, along with a few neighboring communities. It is governed by a seven-member board of trustees, who are all appointed by the Sangamon County Board of Supervisors. In , the system had a ridership of , or about per weekday as of .
Routes.
The Sangamon Mass Transit District operates 18 regular routes during the day, 9 routes at night, and 9 supplemental routes which serve schools. On weekdays between 6 a.m. and 5:30 p.m., most routes run every half-hour. Eleven of the day routes begin at the downtown transfer center, at 11th and Washington Streets, with buses leaving downtown at the top and bottom of the hour. Five routes begin at a secondary transfer center on Junction Circle, on the southwest side, where most of the area's growth and new development has taken place in recent decades. These routes leave Junction Circle at 15 and 45 minutes past the hour. One special route carries passengers between both locations, and one special route serves the colleges and nearby areas. On weeknights between 6 and 10 p.m., seven routes leave downtown once an hour, at the top of the hour, and two others begin and end at the University of Illinois at Springfield. The last buses of the night return to downtown at 11 p.m. Supplemental routes run only once per day. No service is offered on Sundays, nor on New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, or Christmas.
Daytime routes
Evening Routes
Supplemental routes
Cash fare, transfers and passes.
Regular bus fare is $1.25 for anyone age five or over. Up to two children under the age of four are permitted on the buses free of charge with an adult. More than two children under this age will cost an additional 60 cents. For senior citizens, disabled persons, or Medicare card holders, fare is 60 cents with proof of such status. Senior citizens and disabled persons enrolled in the Benefit Access program can procure a photo ID that enables them to ride without paying a fare. Transfers between connecting buses are free and available upon request of the driver when fare is initially paid.
Discount bus passes for students, senior citizens, and disabled people are available at public, private, and parochial schools, Lincoln Library, the local Hy-Vee, and the SMTD home office at 928 S. 9th Street. Reloadable fare cards are available at the main office.
Paratransit.
The SMTD operates a paratransit service named Access Sangamon for disabled people who are unable to use the regular buses. Service is available at the same times that the regular buses are operating.
Funding and employees.
In 2017, the employee headcount was 143, of whom 116 were members of labor unions and 27 were administrative personnel. The annual budget was $7.2 million.
In the SMTD's 2017 operating budget, 9% was met through fares paid by riders. An additional 1% was earned through other private-sector-style income streams, such as income from placards and billboards on the buses, and the remaining 90% consisted of federal, state, and local public-sector funding.
Recent developments.
On January 1, 2017, SMTD changed its operating name from Springfield Mass Transit District to Sangamon Mass Transit District. Limited-service suburban routes ran from 2018 to 2022.
In 2019, the city opened a new transfer center on the east edge of downtown, and at the same time, completely overhauled its routes. The redesigned routes cover a larger geographical area than before, bringing service with reach of up to 10,000 additional area residents. Construction of the Springfield-Sangamon Transportation Center at the downtown transfer center began in 2021, and improvements are under construction to an adjacent railroad. When complete, the new facility is expected to become part of the Chicago Hub Network, Illinois' new high-speed rail system, with stops by trains and intercity buses. Greyhound buses began using the new transfer point in November 2022. Presently, Amtrak trains run on another railroad about half a mile west of the new transfer center.
In 2022, the SMTD board approved a Zero Emissions Transition Plan, which would see the removal of all diesel buses by 2035 in favor of a combination of hybrid and zero-emission buses, with all buses being zero-emission by 2048. As of 2022, 60% of buses in the fleet were diesel powered, with the remainder being powered by compressed natural gas.
Fixed Route Ridership.
The ridership statistics shown here are of fixed route services only and do not include demand response. 

</doc>
<doc id="7051152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051152" title="Gaius Ateius Capito (tribune)">
Gaius Ateius Capito (tribune)

Gaius Ateius Capito was a tribune of the plebs in 55 BC. He is known primarily for his opposition to the war against the Parthians launched by Marcus Licinius Crassus.
Opposition to triumvirate.
Ateius Capito worked with his fellow tribune Publius Aquillius Gallus in opposition to Crassus and Pompeius Magnus during their second joint consulship in 55 BC. In particular, the two tribunes supported Cato in attempting to block the "Lex Trebonia", legislation brought by C. Trebonius to give Crassus and Pompeius each an extended five-year proconsular province. Their objections at the assembly, though strenuous, were unsuccessful: Trebonius had Cato arrested, and physical force was used to eject Ateius and Aquillius when they tried to assert their veto power. Ateius at an unspecified time returned to the assembly to show his wounds and gain sympathy, but was greeted by the consuls' bodyguards.
The "Lex Trebonia" resulted from political arrangements among Crassus, Pompeius, and Julius Caesar — the so-called "First Triumvirate" — that had been negotiated in meetings held in March 56 BC at Ravenna and the next month at Luca, both in Caesar's province of Gallia Cisalpina. Pompeius received the Spanish provinces, and Crassus the province of Syria, his eagerness for which was universally interpreted as an intention to wage war against Parthia. In separate legislation, Caesar received an extension of his proconsulship in Gaul. Ateius's support of Cato indicates his optimate sympathies.
Omens and curses.
In November 55 BC, while Crassus was on the Capitoline performing the ritual vows that preceded an army's departure, Ateius claimed to observe "dirae", the worst sort of disastrous portents. Crassus ignored his report. When other attempts at dissuasion failed, Ateius first tried to arrest Crassus before he could set sail and:
Consequences.
Crassus, his son Publius, and most of his army of seven legions — as many as 40,000 men — were to die in the sands of Parthia. The Battle of Carrhae went down as one of Rome's worst military catastrophes.
Ateius Capito's execration of Crassus before Carrhae became almost proverbial as an example of the successful curse with unintended consequences. "One wonders how Ateius felt," muses historian of religion Sarah Iles Johnston, "vindicated — or aghast at the magnitude of the loss his curses had precipitated?" Several ancient authors mention the incident.
In 50 BC, the censor Appius Claudius Pulcher, regarded as an authority on the procedures of the augural college, expelled Ateius from the senate on the grounds that he had falsified the "auspicia". In the popular view, the disaster at Carrhae was caused by Crassus's ignoring the omens. Cicero, who was himself an augur and thus trained in assessing divine signs, presents a more complex perspective in his book "De divinatione". In Book 1, the interlocutor Quintus Cicero, the author's brother, argues that Appius was wrong. Even if the auspices had been fabricated, since they proved true in the outcome, Ateius had made a meaningful connection with the divine will. If they had been false, the blame would have fallen on the man who spoke falsely, not on the man to whom a false statement was made. But omens predict what can happen unless proper precautions are taken, and blame falls on the man who did not listen. Ateius went further, though Cicero omits this point: because he cursed Crassus, in keeping with his own opposition to the Parthian campaign, he was blamed for contributing to the deaths of Roman soldiers.
No public office for Ateius is known after his tribuneship in 55 BC. Despite his earlier opposition to the triumvirate's plans, he became a supporter of Caesar by 46 BC. In 44 BC, Capito was charged by Caesar with the job of distributing land to his veterans.
Fictional accounts.
Capito is the main antagonist of the mystery novel "The Tribune's Curse", the seventh volume of the SPQR series by John Maddox Roberts. In the novel, Capito performs his curse, which plunges the city into mass panic, and then disappears mysteriously. The Romans perform religious rites to expunge the curse, and the protagonist, Decius Metellus, is charged with finding and arresting Capito.
Eventually, Decius discovers that Capito has been suborned by King Ptolemy XII Auletes of Egypt, who wanted revenge on Crassus for voting against Ptolemy's request for a Roman military expedition to reinstate him to the Egyptian throne. Though Capito has failed in his mission to stop Crassus departing for Syria, ultimately his curse is thought to have been successful, given Crassus's ignominious defeat and death. Capito is found hiding inside the Egyptian embassy, where he is arrested and then executed (a departure from the historical account).

</doc>
<doc id="7051159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051159" title="Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints">
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints



</doc>
<doc id="7051163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051163" title="Shea Fahy">
Shea Fahy

Shea Fahy (born 6 October 1962) is an Irish Gaelic football coach and former player. At club level he played with Sarsfields and Nemo Rangers and was a member of the Kildare and Cork senior football teams. Fahy usually lined out at midfield.
Army career.
Fahy was an officer in the Irish Army. He was based in Collins Barracks, Cork and result leading him to join the Cork team. 
Playing career.
Fahy first played Gaelic football at club level with the Sarsfields club in Newbridge. After progressing through the various underage teams he went on to win County Championship titles with the club's senior team in 1982 and 1986. By this stage he had also made an impression on the inter-county scene, having joined the Kildare senior football team in 1982. Fahy subsequently transferred to the Nemo Rangers club in Cork and enjoyed a hugely successful period there, culminating with an All-Ireland Club Championship title in 1994. His performances with Nemo earned his inclusion on the Cork senior football team and he won consecutive All-Ireland Championship titles in 1989 and 1990. Fahy was named man of the match in the 1990 All-Ireland final defeat of Meath, before ending the year by being named Footballer of the Year. His other honours with Cork include seven Munster Championship titles and a National League title.
Coaching career.
In retirement from playing Fahy has become involved in coaching and team management, most notably with the Erin's Own club.

</doc>
<doc id="7051168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051168" title="Sakhra">
Sakhra



</doc>
<doc id="7051169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051169" title="A Cheery Wave from Stranded Youngsters">
A Cheery Wave from Stranded Youngsters



</doc>
<doc id="7051176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051176" title="Arnault">
Arnault

Arnault may refer to:
Arnault family, French business family 

</doc>
<doc id="7051184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051184" title="Abu Bakr (name)">
Abu Bakr (name)

Abū Bakr () is an Arabic given name meaning "Father of a Young Camel" (Abu meaning 'Father of' and Bakr meaning 'Young Camel') that is widely used by Sunni Muslims.
Other transliterations include Abu Bakar, Abu Bekr, Ebubekir, Aboubacar, Abubakar, etc. The two parts of the name can be written together, hyphenated, or separately.
The most famous person to carry this name was Abu Bakr al-Siddiq ( 573–634), one of the companions of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and the first caliph of Islam. He was also Muhammad's father-in-law through Aisha. His real name was Abdullah, Abu Bakr being his kunya.
Persons with the name.
People with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="7051201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051201" title="Penske South">
Penske South



</doc>
<doc id="7051211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051211" title="John Calhoun Sheppard">
John Calhoun Sheppard

John Calhoun Sheppard (July 5, 1850October 17, 1931) was the 82nd governor of South Carolina from July 10, 1886, to November 30, 1886.
Early life and political career.
Sheppard was born in Edgefield County and attended Bethel Academy in Edgefield. Upon graduating from Furman University with a law degree, he was admitted to the bar in 1871. He was elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives in 1876 and became the Speaker of the House when his father-in-law, William Henry Wallace, resigned as Speaker to accept an open circuit judgeship. He had been a strong supporter of Martin Witherspoon Gary in his gubernatorial campaign of 1880 which got him noticed by those opposed to the Conservative wing of the state Democratic party.
Lieutenant Governor and Governor.
In 1882, Sheppard was placed on the Democratic statewide ticket for the post of Lieutenant Governor and easily won election and reelection in 1884. When Hugh Smith Thompson resigned on July 10, 1886, to be Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, Sheppard succeeded to the governorship. In the nomination battle to be the Democratic nominee for governor in the election of 1886, he was promoted by Benjamin Tillman and the News and Courier. Tillman tried to force the delegates of the Farmers' Association to support Sheppard at the Democratic Convention, but they refused. Instead, John Peter Richardson III emerged as the nominee for governor.
Later political activities.
After leaving the governorship on November 30, 1886, Sheppard became president of the Edgefield Bank of South Carolina. He was mentioned as a potential candidate for governor in 1890, but Tillman had rigged the Democratic convention to force his nomination for governor. Sheppard remained active in South Carolina politics and participated at the constitutional convention of 1895. He was elected three years later in 1898 to the South Carolina Senate and served until 1904. In 1908, Sheppard was the president of the South Carolina Bar Association and was member of the state Senate for a second time from 1919 to 1920.
Death.
Sheppard died on October 17, 1931, aged 81. He was buried at Willowbrook Cemetery in Edgefield.

</doc>
<doc id="7051217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051217" title="Colorado State Patrol">
Colorado State Patrol

The Colorado State Patrol (CSP) (originally known as the Colorado State Highway Courtesy Patrol), based in Lakewood, Colorado, is a division of the Colorado Department of Public Safety, and is one of the official state police agencies of Colorado, along with the Colorado Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Colorado Division of Criminal Justice (DCJ), Colorado Division of Fire Prevention &amp; Control (DFPC), and Colorado Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management (DHSEM). Additionally, the Executive Director's Office supports operations of the five divisions and houses the Colorado School Safety Resource Center (CSSRC) and Colorado Integrated Criminal Justice Information Systems (CJIS). The CSP primarily enforces traffic laws on interstates and state highways and guards the state capitol and the Governor of Colorado.
History.
Senate Bill No. 6 in 1935 created the Colorado State Highway Courtesy Patrol. With just thirty five men selected from 6000 applicants, the new Patrolmen arrived in Golden for training. The Patrol Board was made up of E.E. Wheeler, the Chairman of the State PUC, Charles Vail, Chief Engineer of Highways and James H. Carr, the Secretary of State. In 1935, the Colorado State Courtesy Patrol was added as the Division of Patrol, to the Division of Highways. The Patrols title was changed in 1945 to Colorado State Highway Patrol. The Patrol Act also created a Port of Entry or Welcome for inspection of trucks of Interstate Commerce. In 1936, 30 POE Officers were hired to collect road taxes which collected sum $500, 000. In 1953, a reorganization created the Department of Highways. In 1968, another name change to Highway Department happened with the subdivisions of Highway, Planning and Patrol, which the CSP fell under. In 1983, the Department of Public Safety was created and the CSP was transferred under the Director of Public Safety.
The patrol was met with opposition from the public when it was formed, as well as from other law enforcement agencies, who thought the patrol would endanger their jurisdiction. Therefore, Colorado legislature carefully outlined the duties of the agency in the Patrol Act, which states that "it shall be their duty to promote safety, protect human life and preserve the highways of Colorado by the intelligent, courteous, and strict enforcement of the laws and regulation of this state relating to highways." This became the motto of the Colorado State Patrol.
The notorious Ludlow Massacre near Trinidad in 1914 sullied any attempts in forming a state police. While a police organization was not involved, Colorado did not want a police force to act upon the orders of the governor, especially in a labor strike. Today, Colorado State Patrol officers are not allowed to act as guards in strikes or labor disputes.
The Colorado Rangers were founded in 1861. These officers were state officers and were known to augment local police and sheriffs. Governor William E. Sweet signed an executive order on January 29, 1923, cutting off funding and effectively disbanding the Rangers. Fulfilling a campaign promise, on April 1, 1927 Governor Billy Adams repealed the Department of Safety Act, thus officially disbanding the Colorado Rangers, and with it, all statewide law enforcement in Colorado. Colorado Rangers were subsequently reorganized as a statewide law enforcement shared reserve.
In 1915, Colorado voted to become a “dry” state to begin January 1, 1916. Stories have Adolph Coors dumping thousands of gallons of beer into Clear Creek on the first day of 1916. National Prohibition began on January 20, 1920 as the Volstead Act/18th Amendment. Prohibition lasted in Colorado until December 5, 1933 with the repeal of Prohibition or the 21st Amendment.
With state prohibition, Colorado created Prohibition Agents to enforce state liquor laws in 1915. Most agents were local police and sheriffs deputies. In 1923, the Colorado Law Enforcement Department was created as an extension of the Prohibition Department and to assist police and sheriffs in case of emergencies. Due to questions about the Governor using Colorado officers in labor disputes, the department was downsized to a Chief (Lewis Scherf) and five agents in 1929. Members of the department were mostly Colorado Peace Officers or citizens serving in an honorary capacity. In 1933, the Law Enforcement Department was totally abolished.
The State Department of Safety was created to protect/augment military war industries in Colorado in 1917. The department was to be abolished after World War I and was folded into the Colorado Rangers.
The Motor Vehicle Department, Auto Theft and Colorado Motor Police all have their beginnings in the 1920s. All to be disbanded in 1935, with the creation of the Colorado State Highway Courtesy Patrol.
In 1935, the Colorado State Courtesy Patrol was added as the Division of Patrol, while the highway maintenance was re named Division of Highways.
In 1953, a reorganization created the Department of Highways. In 1968, another name change to Highway Department happened with the subdivisions of Highway, Planning and Patrol.
In 1983, the Department of Public Safety was created and the CSP was transferred under the Director of Public Safety.
Weapons and tools.
Until the switch to auto-loading semi-automatic pistols, the CSP carried blue steel, 4-inch barreled Colt Python revolvers. CSP then went to the Smith &amp; Wesson Model 4006 .40 S&amp;W in a Melonite (black) finish with the agency's seal engraved in the slide. CSP troopers now carry the Shadow Systems XR920 9 mm.
All CSP troopers are issued an ASP baton and OC, with Tasers started being used in 2011.
Starting in 2019, all CSP troopers were issued a Sionic Patrol Rifle chambered in .223.
In 2020, the CSP transitioned to the Smith &amp; Wesson M&amp;P 2.0 .40.
In 2023, the CSP switched from Smith &amp; Wesson to the Shadow Systems XR920, MR920 and CR920 model pistols.
Vehicles and aircraft.
In 2009, after many years of using Ford Crown Victoria patrol cars, the CSP began to introduce Dodge Chargers into its fleet. The CSP has also used Chevrolet Tahoes, Ford Police Interceptors (both sedan and utility models) and Chevrolet Caprices. In 2021, CSP announced they would be transitioning to the Dodge Durango to replace their Chargers over a five year period.
The Hazardous Materials and Motor Carrier Safety sections use Ford F-150 trucks.
The CSP operates five fixed wing aircraft.
The Colorado State Patrol Motor Operations unit used Harley-Davidson motorcycles up to 2010. From 2010 to 2012 the Kawasaki Concours was phased in. In 2015, CSP switched to the BMW R1200RTP Police motorcycle. Motor Officers are assigned to individual field troops and ride year round.
Activities.
Specific duties include:
Special programs.
Alive at 25.
A community program designed to impact the future of traffic safety, "Alive at 25" focuses educational effort to youths between the ages of 14 and 25. Its emphasis is to identify and eliminate at-risk driving behavior.
Specialty units.
CSP specialty units include:
Fallen troopers.
Since its establishment in 1935, 30 troopers have died while on duty or while employed with the Colorado State Patrol.

</doc>
<doc id="7051230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051230" title="Nandi Award for Best Music Director">
Nandi Award for Best Music Director

The Nandi Award for Best Music Director winners since 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="7051238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051238" title="Butcher the Weak">
Butcher the Weak



</doc>
<doc id="7051244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051244" title="Justus von Dohnányi">
Justus von Dohnányi

Justus von Dohnányi (born 2 December 1960) is a German actor, best known for portraying Wilhelm Burgdorf in 2004 film "Downfall".
Life and career.
Born in Lübeck, von Dohnányi is the son of conductor Christoph von Dohnányi and actress Renate Zillessen and a member of the well-known Dohnányi family. His grandfather was Hans von Dohnanyi, German jurist and German resistance fighter and his great-uncle was Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Lutheran pastor and a co-founder of the Confessing Church, both of whom were executed by the Third Reich. His great-grandfather was Ernst von Dohnányi, a notable composer of Hungarian origin.
Dohnányi studied acting at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg. He appeared on the legitimate stage in Hamburg, Zürich, and Frankfurt before working in television, where he appeared in several television movies.
He appeared in the 2004 film "Downfall" () as Wilhelm Burgdorf. He had a prominent role in the 2001 movie "The Experiment" as a prison guard, opposite Moritz Bleibtreu and Christian Berkel, who also appeared in "Downfall". He received the 2001 Lola for Best Supporting Actor. In 2014 he appears alongside Matt Damon, Jean Dujardin and others in the movie "The Monuments Men". He is featured in the 2015 film "Woman in Gold" as the representative of the Belvedere Gallery who attempts to keep the title-painting, stolen by the Nazis, from being returned to its rightful owner, Maria Altmann.

</doc>
<doc id="7051258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051258" title="Lind-Bohanon, Minneapolis">
Lind-Bohanon, Minneapolis

Lind-Bohanon is a northern neighborhood within the Camden community in Minneapolis. It is located in Ward 4, represented by council member LaTrisha Vetaw.
Boundaries.
The neighborhood's southern boundary is the Canadian Pacific Railway and Webber Parkway. Humboldt Avenue North and Shingle Creek, Minneapolis marks its border to the west. Its eastern boundary runs from north to south as follows: along the Mississippi River from 53rd Avenue North to 48th Avenue North, and then along Lyndale Avenue North from 48th Avenue to the Canadian Pacific Railway. 53rd Avenue North and Brooklyn Center, MN border Lind-Bohanon to the north.
Parks and Recreation.
Centered in Lind-Bohanon is Bohanon Park.
The North Mississippi Regional Park is a Minneapolis Park and Recreation Park. It lies along the western bank of the Mississippi River connecting Lind-Bohanon to the trails and paths of the Grand Rounds Scenic Byway and Anoka County parks and trails. The NMRP is home to the Carl Kroening Interpretive Center where naturalists give tours about the history and current state of the Mississippi River.
Humboldt Greenway.
The Humboldt Greenway is a neighborhood revitalization program on Lind-Bohanon's western border. More than 200 World War II houses and local businesses were razed and replaced with newer single family homes, multifamily townhomes, Shingle Creek Commons apartments for seniors and Kingsley Commons apartments for persons with MS.

</doc>
<doc id="7051266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051266" title="Irvine Valley Lasers">
Irvine Valley Lasers



</doc>
<doc id="7051269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051269" title="The Book of a Dead Person (film)">
The Book of a Dead Person (film)



</doc>
<doc id="7051281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051281" title="Ghowchak">
Ghowchak

Ghowchak (Pashto: غوچک "Ghowchak") is a village in Surkh-Rod District in Nangarhar province in Afghanistan, 20 km east of Jalalabad city near the Jwe Haft. Its population is 3,000 (2002 official estimate).

</doc>
<doc id="7051297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051297" title="Ibn al-Madini">
Ibn al-Madini



</doc>
<doc id="7051323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051323" title="IndyCar Series at Iowa Speedway">
IndyCar Series at Iowa Speedway

Events in the NTT IndyCar Series have been held annually at the Iowa Speedway in Newton, Iowa since 2007.
History.
Racing in Iowa.
The first Championship Car race in Iowa took place on July 9, 1915. AAA held a race at Tri-State Fair Grounds in Burlington, Iowa, won by Bob Burman. Additional AAA races were held at Des Moines Speedway in Valley Junction, a one-mile (1.6 km) wooden board track, in 1915 and 1916. Only two championship car races, won by Ralph Mulford and Ralph DePalma respectively, were held at Des Moines, as the track closed and was dismantled shortly thereafter.
On August 6, 2006, IndyCar &amp; Iowa Speedway officials announced the first IndyCar race at Iowa Speedway would be held June 24, 2007. The race itself was a crashfest with the 10th-place finisher of Scott Dixon finishing 77 laps down to the winning driver of Dario Franchitti.
In October 2013, Iowa Speedway announced that the 2014 race was extended to 300 laps.
In most years since its inception, the race has been held as a Sunday afternoon event. In 2011, 2012, 2014, 2015 and 2019, it was held as a Saturday night race under the lights.
In 2020 IndyCar had two 250-lap races at the track using a double header format with both races taking place at night on July 17 and 18.
On September 30, 2020, IndyCar revealed their 2021 schedule and announced that due to financial issues with the Iowa Speedway their date had been dropped from the schedule along with Richmond Raceway, the latter not hosting a race in 2020 due to COVID-19 restrictions in the state of Virginia.
Iowa was left off the calendar for 2021, to the disappointment of fans and drivers alike. Former series champion and team owner Bobby Rahal managed to secure new sponsorship for the event from Iowa supermarket chain Hy-Vee and was successful in returning IndyCar racing to the speedway on a multi year agreement starting in 2022. A double header race weekend will be used as the format for the event going forward, with one 250 lap race and one 300 lap race. For 2025, Sukup Manufacturing sponsored the races and extended the race from 250 laps to 275 laps.
Race 1.
The Synk 275 Powered by Sukup is an IndyCar Series race held at Iowa Speedway in Newton, Iowa. Pato O'Ward is the defending race winner.
Race 2.
The Farm to Finish 275 Powered by Sukup is an IndyCar Series race held at Iowa Speedway in Newton, Iowa. Álex Palou is the defending race winner.
Support winners.
Previous support winners.
ARCA.
Starting in 2015 until 2020, the race was held as a support race for the IndyCar weekend.

</doc>
<doc id="7051339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051339" title="Cisterns">
Cisterns



</doc>
<doc id="7051346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051346" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Chamber Music">
Grand Prix du Disque for Chamber Music



</doc>
<doc id="7051350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051350" title="Fort Casey">
Fort Casey

Fort Casey was a 19th-century defensive fortification built on Whidbey Island, Island County, Washington, to deter invasion from the sea. It is preserved as Fort Casey Historical State Park, a Washington state park and historic district within the Ebey's Landing National Historical Reserve.
Admiralty Inlet was considered so strategic to the defense of Puget Sound in the 1890s that three forts—Fort Casey on Whidbey Island, Fort Flagler on Marrowstone Island, and Fort Worden at Port Townsend—were built with the intention to create a "triangle of fire" against invading ships. This military strategy was based on the theory that the three fortresses would thwart any invasion attempt by sea.
History.
Fort Casey was named for Brigadier General Thomas Lincoln Casey, U.S. Army Chief of Engineers. Designed as part of the massive modernization program of U.S. seacoast fortifications initiated by the Endicott Board, construction on Fort Casey began in 1897. In 1901, the big guns on disappearing carriages, which could be raised out of their protective emplacements so that the guns were exposed only long enough to fire, became active. However, the fort's batteries became obsolete almost as soon as their construction was completed.
The invention of the airplane in 1903, and the subsequent development of military aircraft made the fort vulnerable to air attack. In addition, the development of battleships designed with increasingly accurate weaponry transformed the static strategies of the nineteenth century into the more mobile attack systems of the twentieth century.
Most of Fort Casey's guns and mortars were removed during World War I, when they were mounted on railcars to serve as mobile heavy artillery. Some of these weapons were returned to the fort after the war, and were scrapped during World War II as 16-inch guns and other weapons at other forts superseded them.
The two 10-inch guns on disappearing carriages currently mounted at Fort Casey were transferred from the Philippines in the 1960s, along with two three-inch guns. The 10-inch guns are M1895MI (No. 26 and No. 28 Watervliet) on disappearing carriages M1901 (No. 13 and No. 15 Watertown) at Battery Worth, Fort Casey (originally at Battery Warwick, Fort Wint, Grande Island, Philippines). The three-inch guns are M1903 (No. 11 and No. 12) on barbette carriages M1903 (No. 6 and No. 7) at Battery Trevor, Fort Casey (originally at Battery Flake, Fort Wint).
Park features.
Fort Casey is a marine camping park. The Admiralty Head Lighthouse is located within the state park. Three miles of the Pacific Northwest National Scenic Trail wrap around the park.

</doc>
<doc id="7051351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051351" title="John C. Sheppard">
John C. Sheppard



</doc>
<doc id="7051369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051369" title="The New York Times crossword">
The New York Times crossword

"The New York Times" crossword is a daily American-style crossword puzzle published in "The New York Times", syndicated to more than 300 other newspapers and journals, and released online on the newspaper's website and mobile apps as part of "The New York Times Games".
The puzzle is created by various freelance constructors and has been edited by Will Shortz since 1993. The crosswords are designed to increase in difficulty throughout the week, with the easiest on Monday and the most difficult on Saturday. The larger Sunday crossword, which appears in "The New York Times Magazine", is an icon in American culture; it is typically intended to be a "Wednesday or Thursday" in difficulty. The standard daily crossword is 15 by 15 squares, while the Sunday crossword measures 21 by 21 squares. Many of the puzzle's rules were created by its first editor, Margaret Farrar.
History.
Although crosswords became popular in the early 1920s, "The New York Times" initially considered them frivolous, calling them "a primitive form of mental exercise", and did not run a crossword until February 15, 1942, in its Sunday edition. It was published under a pseudonym Farrar occasionally used, "Anna Gram".
The motivating impulse for the "Times" to finally run the puzzle (which took over 20 years even though its publisher, Arthur Hays Sulzberger, was a longtime crossword fan) appears to have been the bombing of Pearl Harbor; in a memo dated December 18, 1941, an editor conceded that the puzzle deserved space in the paper, considering what was happening elsewhere in the world and that readers might need something to occupy themselves during blackouts. The puzzle proved popular, and Sulzberger himself authored a "Times" puzzle before the year was out.
In 1950, the crossword became a daily feature. That first daily puzzle was published without an author line, and as of 2001 the identity of the author of the first weekday "Times" crossword remained unknown.
There have been four editors of the puzzle. Farrar edited the puzzle from its inception in 1942 until 1969. She created many of the rules that have become standard, such as creating the grid, limiting the number of black squares, creating a minimum word length of three letters, requiring grids to have rotational symmetry and be an odd number of squares by an odd number of squares, and forbidding unchecked squares. The second editor was Will Weng, former head of the "Times"s metropolitan copy desk. Weng served until 1977, and Eugene T. Maleska, the third editor, until 1993. The current editor is Will Shortz. In addition to editing the "Times" crosswords, Shortz founded and runs the annual American Crossword Puzzle Tournament as well as the World Puzzle Championship (where he remains captain of the U.S. team); has published numerous books of crosswords, sudoku, and other puzzles; authors occasional variety puzzles (also known as "second Sunday puzzles") to appear alongside the Sunday "Times" puzzle; and serves as "Puzzlemaster" on the NPR show "Weekend Edition Sunday". There have also been two interim editors of the puzzle: Mel Taub from September 6 to November 20, 1993, after Maleska's death; and Joel Fagliano, from March to December 2024, while Shortz was on medical leave.
The puzzle's popularity grew until it came to be considered the most prestigious of the widely circulated U.S. crosswords. Many celebrities and public figures have publicly proclaimed their liking for the puzzle, including opera singer Beverly Sills, author Norman Mailer, baseball pitcher Mike Mussina, former President Bill Clinton, conductor Leonard Bernstein, TV host Jon Stewart, actress Gillian Jacobs, and music duo the Indigo Girls.
"Times" puzzles have been collected in hundreds of books by various publishers, most notably Random House and St. Martin's Press, the current publisher of the series. In addition to appearing in the printed newspaper, the puzzles also appear online on the paper's website, where they require a separate subscription to access. In 2007, Majesco Entertainment released "The New York Times Crosswords" game, a video game adaptation for the Nintendo DS handheld. The game includes over 1,000 "Times" crosswords from all days of the week. Various other forms of merchandise featuring the puzzle have been created, including dedicated electronic crossword handhelds that just contain "Times" crosswords, and a variety of "Times" crossword-themed memorabilia, including cookie jars, baseballs, cufflinks, plates, coasters, and mousepads.
Style and conventions.
Will Shortz does not write the "Times" crossword himself; a wide variety of contributors submit puzzles to him. A full specification sheet listing the paper's requirements for crossword puzzle submission can be found online or by writing to the paper. 
The Monday–Thursday, and usually Sunday, puzzles have a theme. This is often some sort of connection between at least three long across answers, such as similar types of puns, added letters, or hidden synonyms. These puzzles often have entries known as "revealers", phrases that (often punnily) relate to the themed entries and may help explain the link. Notable dates such as holidays or anniversaries of famous events are often commemorated with an appropriately themed puzzle, although only two are routinely commemorated annually: Christmas and April Fool's Day. 
The Friday and Saturday puzzles, the most difficult, are almost always themeless and "wide open", with fewer black squares and more long words. The maximum word count for a themed weekday puzzle is normally 78 words, while the maximum for a themeless Friday or Saturday puzzle is 72; Sunday puzzles must contain 140 words or fewer. Given the "Times"'s reputation as a paper for a literate, well-read, and somewhat arty audience, puzzles frequently reference works of literature, art, or classical music, as well as modern TV, movies, or other touchstones of popular culture.
The puzzle follows a number of conventions, both for tradition's sake and to aid solvers in completing the crossword:
Variety puzzles.
Second Sunday puzzles.
In addition to the primary crossword, the "Times" publishes a second Sunday puzzle each week, of varying types, something that the first crossword editor, Margaret Farrar, saw as a part of the paper's Sunday puzzle offering from the start; she wrote in a memo when the "Times" was considering whether or not to start running crosswords that "The smaller puzzle, which would occupy the lower part of the page, could provide variety each Sunday. It could be topical, humorous, have rhymed definitions or story definitions or quiz definitions. The combination of these two would offer meat and dessert, and catch the fancy of all types of puzzlers." Currently, every other week is an acrostic puzzle authored by Emily Cox and Henry Rathvon, with a rotating selection of other puzzles, including diagramless crosswords, Puns and Anagrams, cryptics (a.k.a. "British-style crosswords"), Split Decisions, Spiral Crosswords, word games, and more rarely, other types (some authored by Shortz himself—the only puzzles he has created for the "Times" during his tenure as crossword editor). Of these types, the acrostic has the longest and most interesting history, beginning on May 9, 1943, authored by Elizabeth S. Kingsley, who is credited with inventing the puzzle type, and continued to write the "Times" acrostic until December 28, 1952. From then until August 13, 1967, it was written by Kingsley's former assistant, Doris Nash Wortman; then it was taken over by Thomas H. Middleton for a period of over 30 years, until August 15, 1999, when the pair of Cox and Rathvon became just the fourth author of the puzzle in its history. The name of the puzzle also changed over the years, from "Double-Crostic" to "Kingsley Double-Crostic," "Acrostic Puzzle," and finally (since 1991) just "Acrostic."
"The Mini".
The Times Online also publishes "The Mini", a daily crossword edited and frequently constructed by Joel Fagliano, which is 5×5 Sunday through Friday and 7×7 on Saturdays, and is significantly easier than the traditional daily puzzle. "The Mini" is popular, but has also been criticized, sometimes harshly, for its comparative simplicity—with one review of the game in "Slate magazine" titled "Utter Disgrace to the "NYT" Crossword Brand". Other "mini" and larger 11×11 "midi" puzzles are sometimes offered as bonuses.
Super Mega.
The "Super Mega" is a 50x50 crossword published in the "Times"'s annual "Puzzle Mania" section. In 2022, the grid was 67x41, making it the largest "Times" crossword ever.
Other puzzles.
As well as a second word puzzle on Sundays, the "Times" publishes a KenKen numbers puzzle (a variant of the popular sudoku logic puzzles) each day of the week. Other games from "The New York Times" are available online or on the "NYT Games" app, such as the word search variant Spelling Bee, Wordle, and Connections. The "Times" also offers a monthly bonus crossword with a theme relating to the month.
Records and puzzles of note.
Fans of the "Times" crossword have kept track of a number of records and interesting puzzles (primarily from among those published in Shortz's tenure), including those below. (All puzzles published from November 21, 1993, on are available to online subscribers to the "Times" crossword.)
A few crosswords have achieved recognition beyond the community of crossword solvers. Perhaps the most famous is the November 5, 1996, puzzle by Jeremiah Farrell, published on the day of the U.S. presidential election, which has been featured in the movie "Wordplay" and the book "The Crossword Obsession" by Coral Amende, as well as discussed by Peter Jennings on ABC News, featured on CNN, and elsewhere. The two leading candidates that year were Bill Clinton and Bob Dole; in Farrell's puzzle, one of the long clue/answer combinations read [Title for 39-Across next year] MISTER PRESIDENT. The remarkable feature of the puzzle is that 39-Across could be answered either CLINTON or BOB DOLE, and all the Down clues and answers that crossed it would work either way (e.g., [Black Halloween animal] could be either BAT or CAT depending on which answer you filled in at 39-Across; similarly [French 101 word] could equal LUI or OUI, etc.). Constructors have dubbed this type of puzzle a Schrödinger or quantum puzzle after the famous paradox of Schrödinger's cat, which was both alive and dead at the same time. The first Schrödinger puzzle in the "Times", by Ralph G. Beaman, appeared eight years earlier, and as of October 2024, 19 "Times" puzzles have used a similar trick.
In another notable "Times" crossword, 27-year-old Bill Gottlieb proposed to his girlfriend, Emily Mindel, via the crossword puzzle of January 7, 1998, written by noted crossword constructor Bob Klahn. The answer to 14-Across, [Microsoft chief, to some] was BILLG, also Gottlieb's name and last initial. 20-Across, [1729 Jonathan Swift pamphlet], was A MODEST PROPOSAL. And 56-Across, [1992 Paula Abdul hit], was WILL YOU MARRY ME. Gottlieb's girlfriend said yes. The puzzle attracted attention in the AP, an article in the "Times" itself, and elsewhere. Other Times crosswords with a notable wedding element include the June 25, 2010, puzzle by Byron Walden and Robin Schulman, which has rebuses spelling I DO throughout, and the January 8, 2020, puzzle by Joon Pahk and Amanda Yesnowitz, which was used at the latter’s wedding reception.
On May 7, 2007, former U.S. president Bill Clinton, a self-professed long-time fan of the "Times" crossword, collaborated with noted crossword constructor Cathy Millhauser on an online-only crossword in which Millhauser constructed the grid and Clinton wrote the clues. Shortz described the President's work as "laugh out loud" and noted that he as editor changed very little of Clinton's clues, which featured more wordplay than found in a standard puzzle. Clinton made his print constructing debut on Friday, May 12, 2017, collaborating with Vic Fleming on one of the co-constructed puzzles celebrating the crossword's 75th Anniversary.
The "Times" crossword of Thursday, April 2, 2009, by Brendan Emmett Quigley, featured theme answers that all ran the gamut of movie ratings—beginning with the kid-friendly "G" and finishing with adults-only "X" (now replaced by the less crossword-friendly "NC-17"). The seven theme entries were GARY GYGAX, GRAND PRIX, GORE-TEX, GAG REFLEX, GUMMO MARX, GASOLINE TAX, and GENERATION X. In addition, the puzzle contained the clues/answers of [Weird Al Yankovic's "__ on Jeopardy"] for I LOST and ["I'll take "New York Times" crossword for $200, __"] for ALEX. What made the puzzle notable is that the prior night's episode of the US television show "Jeopardy!" featured video clues of Will Shortz for five of the theme answers (all but GARY GYGAX and GENERATION X) which the contestants attempted to answer during the course of the show.
Controversies.
The "Times" crossword has been criticized for a lack of diversity in its constructors and clues. Major crosswords like those in the "Times" have historically been created and edited primarily by older white men. Less than 30% of puzzle constructors in the Shortz Era have been women. In the 2010s, only 27% of clued figures were female, and 20% were of minority racial groups. 
In January 2019, the "Times" crossword was criticized for including the racial slur "BEANER" (clued as "Pitch to the head, informally", but also a derogatory slur for Mexicans). Shortz apologized for the distraction this may have caused solvers, saying that he had never heard the slur before.
In 2022, the "Times" was criticized after many readers claimed that its December 18 crossword grid resembled a Nazi swastika. Some were particularly upset that the puzzle was published on the first night of Hanukkah. In a statement, the "Times" said the resemblance was unintentional, stemming from the grid's rotational symmetry. The "Times" was also criticized in 2017 and 2014 for crossword grids that resembled a swastika, which it both times defended as a coincidence.

</doc>
<doc id="7051379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051379" title="Thomas B. Jeter">
Thomas B. Jeter



</doc>
<doc id="7051388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051388" title="Nandi Award for Best Editor">
Nandi Award for Best Editor

The Nandi Award for Best Editor winners since 1981:

</doc>
<doc id="7051390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051390" title="The Black Prince (novel)">
The Black Prince (novel)

The Black Prince is Iris Murdoch's 15th novel, first published in 1973. The name of the novel alludes mainly to Hamlet.
Plot summary.
"The Black Prince" has an unusual structure, consisting of a central first-person narrative bookended by fictional forewords and postscripts written by other characters in the central story. Each view is from an unreliable narrator. 
The novel starts with Editor's Foreword ("Every artist is an unhappy lover. And unhappy lovers want to tell their story.") The main story is of a period in the later life of the main character, ageing London author Bradley Pearson, during which time he falls in love with the daughter of a friend and literary rival, Arnold Baffin. For years Bradley has had a tense but strong relationship with Arnold, regarding himself as having 'discovered' the younger writer. The tension is ostensibly over Bradley's distaste for Arnold's lack of proper literary credentials, though later the other characters claim this to be a matter of jealousy or the product of an Oedipus complex. Their closeness is made apparent from the start of the book, however, as Arnold telephones Bradley, worried that he has killed his wife, Rachel, in a domestic row. Bradley attends with his former brother-in-law, Francis Marloe, in tow. Together they calm the injured Rachel and restore peace to the Baffins' household.
Bradley begins to get trapped in a growing dynamic of family, friends, and associates who collectively seem to thwart his attempts at achieving the isolation he feels necessary to create his 'masterpiece'. His intervention in the Baffins' marriage, for instance, prompts Rachel to fall in love with him. His depressed sister, Priscilla, leaves her abusive husband, demanding that her brother shelter her. The Baffins' young daughter, Julian, declares her admiration for Bradley and begs him to tutor her. Even Christian, Bradley's ex-wife, invades his life by seeking to repair their long-defunct relationship.
Bradley attempts to navigate these complications with mixed success. His inability to reciprocate Rachel's affections ultimately defuses their affair. She agrees, much to Bradley's satisfaction, to be no more than his friend. Christian meanwhile starts an affair with Arnold, drawing her attentions away from Bradley. Indeed, Arnold informs Bradley that he intends to leave Rachel for Christian. Yet Bradley fails to give proper attention to Priscilla, who pathetically alternates between despair and hysterical optimism. Only Francis remains a constant annoyance; the former psychoanalyst is implicitly in love with Bradley.
During this time, however, Bradley cannot escape falling in love with Julian. He privately vows never to confess or seek to realise this love, but he cannot contain himself. He promptly blurts it out to Julian herself, and the two embark on a brief, intense affair. He steals away Julian to a rented sea-side cottage to evade Rachel and Arnold, who both condemn the relationship. But he also neglects pressing needs at home. Priscilla, left without any companions, commits suicide; Bradley nonetheless postpones returning. He feels that the news would destroy any romantic connection between him and Julian. When Arnold arrives, enraged, to collect his daughter, however, he turns this deception against Bradley. Julian is visibly disturbed, and she promises to return home the next day. Yet Julian vanishes in the night—in Bradley's mind, at least, Arnold has taken her off and hidden her against her will.
Bradley returns to London in a lovesick fury. A jealous Rachel confronts him, (incorrectly) telling him that Arnold has taken Julian to Europe. She mocks Bradley's high-minded notions regarding love; Julian, she says, already rues their affair. Filled with anger, Bradley tells Rachel about Arnold's plan to leave her. This revelation startles Rachel and she departs. The final action of the main section takes place at the Baffins' residence, where Bradley attends an incident parallel to the opening one. Rachel appears to have struck Arnold with a poker, killing him. Taking pity on her, Bradley helps her clean up the crime scene and advises her to tell the police the truth. She instead blames the murder on Bradley; he is put under arrest.
Bradley's arrest, trial, and conviction for Arnold's murder are briefly described. The police attribute the murder to Bradley's jealousy of Arnold's writerly success. No one can corroborate Bradley's version of events; Francis's obviously biased account only harms his cause. Thus, his affairs with both Rachel and Julian, as well as Arnold's affair with Christian, remain secret. Rachel appears as a grieving widow, whereas Bradley appears as a cruel, possibly homosexual sociopath. He is convicted and sent to prison. Bradley then closes his account from his prison cell, reaffirming his love for Julian.
The Post-Scripts by the Dramatis Personae.
This section is told from the point of view of the other characters, each being said to have had the luxury of reading the main section before drafting their responses. Each interprets the action differently, focusing on separate issues to a more or less selfish degree. They exist to cast doubt not only on the veracity of the fiction that preceded it, but also on themselves. Christian, for example, dismisses any accusation of self-interest, claiming that Bradley lied because he was still in love with her. Francis assesses Bradley as a dysfunctional neurotic to promote his new book. Rachel also claims that Bradley may have lied due to unrequited love. Julian herself has little to say: she states that she remembers little of that time, and that she has no wish to remember anything more. The "editor" of the entire volume concludes the novel by supporting Bradley's account and praising his devotion to love as an all-empowering force.
Influences and themes.
Chief amongst Iris Murdoch's influences for this novel is the Shakespeare play "Hamlet". It is openly referenced and discussed throughout, especially by Bradley. It is noted in the Post-Scripts that Bradley Pearson shares initials with the Black Prince, the title of Pearson's fictional as well as Murdoch's real work. Also present is the influence of Freud, especially through the frequent sexual imagery centred on recurrent references to the phallic Post Office Tower. Bradley's possible proxy admission of homosexuality is made possible through his seeming self-identification with Shakespeare throughout his narrative, and in his claiming both Hamlet and Shakespeare were homosexual. It is strengthened further by the moments in the book where he finds himself attracted to Julian, during each of which her gender is made ambiguous. The final of these is when he finally achieves sexual arousal, having previously been unable, when Julian has dressed herself as Hamlet. These themes are discussed by Francis, himself a homosexual, in the Post-Scripts. It is also notable that the two characters Bradley has achieved intimacy with, Julian and Christian, are not clearly female in characterisation or name. An attempted seduction by Rachel, a more traditionally feminine character, is described passionlessly by Bradley's narrative.
Subtler Ancient Greek influences are seen in Bradley's quest for a pseudo-Platonic perfection in his writing and his purported Asceticism.
Awards and nominations.
"The Black Prince" was awarded the 1973 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for fiction. It was shortlisted for the 1973 Booker Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="7051393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051393" title="Thomas Jeter">
Thomas Jeter

Thomas Jeter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7051398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051398" title="Richie Cole Jazz Musician">
Richie Cole Jazz Musician



</doc>
<doc id="7051407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051407" title="SLA Marshall">
SLA Marshall



</doc>
<doc id="7051417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051417" title="Grand Prix du Disque for Choral Music">
Grand Prix du Disque for Choral Music



</doc>
<doc id="7051422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051422" title="Moratalaz">
Moratalaz

Moratalaz is a district of Madrid, Spain. It is a well-known area because musicians such as Melendi and Alejandro Sanz have lived there. Moratalaz is on east of municipality of Madrid. It has of surface area and is delineated by the highways of M-30 to the west, M-40 to the east, M23 to the north and A-3 to the south.
Geography.
Subdivision.
The district is administratively divided into seven wards ("barrios"):
History.
Moratalaz arose as a commuter suburb of Madrid during the 1960s. Famous inhabitants of the district have been Elvira Lindo, Melendi, el Dioni, Alejandro Sanz, "Cleanhead" Joe McGaha, and Letizia Ortiz.
Before 1960, Moratalaz was an agglomeration of barely 40 houses with only one paved street. It was located midway on a road that connected Madrid's main cemetery Cementerio de la Almudena with the then unincorporated village of Vallecas.
The Colonia del Ferrocarril was a housing project in the 1960s that was developed in Moratalaz. The Madrid-Arganda del Rey train stopped there, and Moratalaz kept growing.
A military property gave birth to what today is one of the main streets of the district, Calle del Pico de los Artilleros. And an old road connecting Madrid with Castilla La Mancha gave rise to Moratalaz's main avenue, Camino de los Vinateros.
There was extraordinary and uncontrolled development in the 1970s, thanks to the programs of the Ministry of the Housing and the construction company Urbis. That led to the typical wide avenues and open spaces of Moratalaz, where traffic lanes are separated from houses by a wide green zone in between. That concept was not very popular in the 1970s, but nowadays it is much appreciated, as it's an excellent measure against noise pollution.
The distinctive emblem of Public Housing during Franco's dictatorship (a yoke traversed with arrows) can still be found in the older blocks dating from that era.
Valencian Antonio Galbis holds the Guinness Book of World Records for the largest paella that 100,000 people in Moratalaz enjoyed in 2001. Several giant cranes, rakes, a paella pan of , of rice, of chicken and rabbit, of vegetables, of virgin olive oil, of salt, of pimentón (smoked paprika), of annatto and a kilogram of ground saffron were used.
Population.
In this area live 106,344 people, 9,942 of which are immigrants according to the 2006 census.
Main sights.
Moratalaz is famous for its large parks and open spaces. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (Mormons) maintains a temple in the district. It is the only Mormon temple in Spain.
Transportation.
Moratalaz is served by Metro de Madrid line 9. It has three stops in the district: Vinateros, Artilleros and Pavones; a fourth station, Estrella, lies under the M-30 motorway between Moratalaz and the Retiro district.
Additionally, Moratalaz is served by several bus lines and a night bus, connecting with the city center thanks to the bus line 20 as well as the line 71. Also, the train lines closest to Moratalaz are line C1 as well as line C10.

</doc>
<doc id="7051433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051433" title="The Troubles in Portrush">
The Troubles in Portrush



</doc>
<doc id="7051434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051434" title="White-New Idea">
White-New Idea



</doc>
<doc id="7051437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051437" title="Ain Zaatout, Algeria">
Ain Zaatout, Algeria



</doc>
<doc id="7051452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051452" title="King Solomon's Stables">
King Solomon's Stables



</doc>
<doc id="7051461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051461" title="Front of house (foodservice)">
Front of house (foodservice)



</doc>
<doc id="7051462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051462" title="Juan Flavier">
Juan Flavier

Juan Martin Flavier (; June 23, 1935 – October 30, 2014) was a Filipino physician and politician. He served as the Secretary of Health under President Fidel V. Ramos from 1992 to 1995, and was later elected to the Senate, serving from 1995 to 2007.
Early life.
Flavier was born in Tondo, Manila. He was born in a very poor family to semi-literate parents. He eventually moved to Baguio where he finished his secondary studies at the Baguio City National High School. He is trained as a doctor and received his Doctor of Medicine degree from the UP College of Medicine at the University of the Philippines Manila in 1960 and Masters in Public Health from the Bloomberg School of Public Health at Johns Hopkins University in 1969.
He was known for his short stature at only 1.50 meters (4 ft 11 in).
Career.
"Doctor to the Barrios".
Flavier went to serve poor rural barangays in Nueva Ecija and Cavite as a "doctor to the barrios". He was a "country doctor" for 30 years. His work was recognized and he was appointed president of the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement. in 1967. From 1978 to 1992, he was president of the International Institute of Rural Reconstruction.
Department of Health.
In 1992, Philippine President Fidel Ramos appointed Flavier Secretary of the Department of Health. During his term, he initiated various health programs such as "Lets DOH it", "Yosi Kadiri","Oplan Alís Disease", "Kontra Kolera," "Stop TB", "Araw ng Sangkáp Pinoy", "Family Planning" and "Doctor to the Barrios Program". During his term barangay health workers were organized. He served as Secretary of the Department of Health until 1995. He was regularly rated one of the most popular government officials and his department one of the most effective. He was perhaps the most popular Secretary of Health.
Philippine Senate.
In 1995, he ran for senator and won under the Ramos administration ticket and was re-elected to a second term in the 2001 elections, placing second among the 12 winning candidates. As senator, he authored and sponsored several landmark bills including the Traditional Medicine Law, the Social Reform and Poverty Alleviation Act, Philippine Clean Air Act, Indigenous People's Rights Act, Anti-money Laundering Act, Barangay Micro-Business Enterprise, National Service Training Program for Tertiary Students, Dangerous Drugs Act, Plant Variety Protection Act, Philippine Nursing Act, the Tobacco Regulation Act, and the law declaring Eid'l Fitr a national public holiday in the Philippines.
When he was senator he had a perfect attendance record during sessions, a fact mentioned in the Senate resolution marking his death, which read in part, "The hard-working legislator registered a perfect attendance during the sessions and was instrumental in the enactment of landmark legislations promoting public health care and improving the quality of life of the people." He was also the "poorest" senator, with a net worth on his 2005 Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Net worth (SALN) of 3.49 million Philippine pesos.
Flavier was also formerly a resident presenter on "Kapwa Ko Mahal Ko", a public service programme on GMA Network.
Popular culture.
Flavier was portrayed in Magpakailanman by Ogie Alcasid.
Death.
Flavier died of pneumonia-related sepsis and organ failure at 16:00 PST (GMT+8) on October 30, 2014, at the age of 79. He was admitted to the intensive care unit of the National Kidney and Transplant Institute in Quezon City as early as September 11.
Works.
Flavier wrote a regular newspaper column about his experiences as a doctor in the countryside, even while he served at Health Secretary.
Below is a listing of works authored by Flavier, including "Doctor to the Barrios", wherein he narrates his experience working with and for the Philippine Rural Reconstruction Movement.

</doc>
<doc id="7051464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051464" title="Grand Prix du Disque for a First Recital">
Grand Prix du Disque for a First Recital



</doc>
<doc id="7051471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051471" title="Crew Return Vehicle">
Crew Return Vehicle

The Crew Return Vehicle (CRV), sometimes referred to as the Assured Crew Return Vehicle (ACRV), was a proposed dedicated lifeboat or escape module for the International Space Station (ISS). A number of different vehicles and designs were considered over two decades – with several flying as developmental test prototypes – but none became operational. Since the arrival of the first permanent crew to the ISS in 2000, the emergency return capability has been fulfilled by Soyuz spacecraft and, more recently, SpaceX's Crew Dragon – each rotated every 6 months.
In the original space station design, emergencies were intended to be dealt with by having a "safe area" on the station that the crew could evacuate to, pending a rescue from a U.S. Space Shuttle. However, the 1986 Space Shuttle "Challenger" disaster and the subsequent grounding of the shuttle fleet caused station planners to rethink this concept. Planners foresaw the need for a CRV to address three specific scenarios:
Medical considerations.
The ISS is equipped with a Health Maintenance Facility (HMF) to handle a certain level of medical situations, which are broken into three main classifications:
However, the HMF is not designed to have general surgical capability, so a means of evacuating a crew member in case of a medical situation that is beyond the HMF's capabilities is essential.
A number of studies have attempted to assess the medical risks for long-term space station habitation, but the results are inconclusive, as epidemiological data is lacking. It is, however, understood that longer periods in space increase the risk of serious problems. The closest estimates show an illness/injury rate of 1:3 per year, with 1% estimated to require emergency evacuation by means of a CRV. For an eight-person ISS crew, this results in an expected need for a CRV flight once every 4 to 12 years. These estimates have been partially corroborated by experiences on board the Soviet Union's "Mir" space station. In the 1980s, the Soviets had at least three incidents where cosmonauts had to be returned under urgent medical conditions.
Because of its potential use as a medical evacuation method, the CRV design was required to address a number of issues that are not factors for a standard crewed space vehicle. Foremost of these are the "g"-loadings as influenced by reentry profiles and deceleration/landing methods upon patients with hemorrhagic shock issues. Patient security issues are more critical for injured astronauts than for uninjured personnel. Additionally, depending on the nature of the injury, it may be unlikely that the patient could be placed in an environmentally contained space suit or minicapsule, therefore the CRV needs to have the capability to provide a "shirt sleeve" environment. The ability to address air purity issues is included in this requirement, as air purity is especially critical in medical as well as toxic exposure situations.
Early NASA concepts.
Dr. Wernher von Braun first brought up the concept of space lifeboats in a 1966 article, and then later NASA planners developed a number of early concepts for a space station lifeboat:
HL-20 PLS.
The HL-20 Crew Rescue Vehicle was based on the Personnel Launch System (PLS) concept being developed by NASA as an outgrowth of earlier lifting body research. In October 1989, Rockwell International (Space Systems Division) began a year-long contracted effort managed by Langley Research Center to perform an in-depth study of PLS design and operations with the HL-20 concept as a baseline for the study. In October 1991, the Lockheed Advanced Development Company (better known as the Skunk Works) began a study to determine the feasibility of developing a prototype and operational system. A cooperative agreement between NASA, North Carolina State University and North Carolina A&amp;T University led to the construction of a full-scale model of the HL-20 PLS for further human factors research on this concept. Of all the options, a lifting body presents the most ideal medical environment in terms of controlled environment as well as low "g"-loading during reentry and landing. However, the price tag for the HL-20 project was US$2 billion, and Congress cut the program from NASA's budget in 1990.
European Space Agency concepts.
As a part of their wide-ranging studies of potential human spaceflight programs, the European Space Agency (ESA) began a six-month, first-phase ACRV study in October 1992. Prime contractors for the study were Aérospatiale, Alenia Spazio and Deutsche Aerospace.
The ESA studied several concepts for a CRV:
The ESA's US$1.7 billion ACRV program was cancelled in 1995, although French protests resulted in a two-year contract to perform further studies, which led to a scaled-down Atmospheric Reentry Demonstrator capsule, which was flown in 1997. The ESA instead elected to join NASA's X-38 CRV program in May 1996, after that program finished its Phase A study.
Lifeboat Alpha.
The idea of using a Russian-built craft as a CRV dates back to March 1993, when President Bill Clinton directed NASA to redesign Space Station "Freedom" and consider including Russian elements. The design was revised that summer, resulting in Space Station "Alpha" (later the International Space Station). One of the Russian elements considered as a part of the redesign was the use of Soyuz "lifeboats." It was estimated that using the Soyuz capsules for CRV purposes would save NASA US$500 million over the cost expected for "Freedom".
However, in 1995, a joint venture between Energia, Rockwell International and Khrunichev proposed the Lifeboat Alpha design, derived from the "Zarya" reentry vehicle. The reentry motor was a solid propellant, and maneuvering thrusters utilized cold gas, so that it would have had a five-year on-station life cycle. The design was rejected, though, in June 1996 in favor of the NASA CRV/X-38 program.
X-38.
Besides referring to a generalized role within the ISS program, the name Crew Return Vehicle also refers to a specific design program initiated by NASA and joined by the ESA. The concept was to produce a spaceplane that was dedicated to the CRV role only. As such, it was to have three specific missions: medical return, crew return in case of the ISS becoming uninhabitable, and crew return if the ISS cannot be resupplied.
CRV overview and concept development.
As a follow-on to the HL-20 program, the NASA intent was to apply Administrator Dan Goldin's concept of "better, faster, cheaper" to the program. The CRV design concept incorporated three main elements: the lifting-body reentry vehicle, the international berthing/docking module, and the Deorbit Propulsion Stage. The vehicle was to be designed to accommodate up to seven crew members in a shirt-sleeve environment. Because of the need to be able to operate with incapacitated crew members, flight and landing operations were to be performed autonomously. The CRV design had no space maneuvering propulsion system.
NASA and ESA agreed that the CRV would be designed to be launched on top of an expendable launch vehicle (ELV) such as the Ariane 5. The program envisioned the construction of four CRV vehicles and two berthing/docking modules. The vehicles and berthing-docking modules were to be delivered to the ISS by the Space Shuttle, and each would remain docked for three years.
Depending on which mission was being operated, maximum mission duration was intended to be up to nine hours. If the mission was related to emergency medical return, the mission duration could be reduced to three hours, given optimum sequencing between ISS departure and the deorbit/reentry burn. Under normal operations, the undocking process would take up to 30 minutes, but in an emergency the CRV could separate from the ISS in as little as three minutes.
The CRV was to have a length of 29.8 ft (9.1 m) and a cabin volume of 416.4 ft3 (11.8 m3). Maximum landing weight was to be 22,046 lb (10,000 kg). The autonomous landing system was intended to place the vehicle on the ground within 3,000 ft (0.9 km) of its intended target.
The Deorbit Propulsion Stage was designed by Aerojet GenCorp under contract to the Marshall Space Flight Center. The module was to be attached to the aft of the spacecraft at six points, and is 15.5 ft (4.72 m) long and 6 ft (1.83 m) wide. Fully fueled, the module would weigh about 6,000 lb (2721.5 kg). The module was designed with eight -thrust rocket engines fueled by hydrazine, which would burn for ten minutes to deorbit the CRV. Eight reaction control thrusters would then control the ship's attitude during deorbit. Once the burn was completed, the module was to be jettisoned, and would burn most of its mass up as it reentered the atmosphere.
The cabin of the CRV was designed to be a "windowless cockpit", as windows and windshields add considerable weight to the design and pose additional flight risks to the spacecraft. Instead, the CRV was to have a "virtual cockpit window" system that used synthetic vision tools to provide an all-weather, day or night, real-time, 3-D visual display to the occupants.
X-38 Advanced Technology Demonstrator.
In order to develop the design and technologies for the operational CRV at a fraction of the cost of other space vehicles, NASA launched a program to develop a series of low-cost, rapid-prototype vehicles that were designated the X-38 Advanced Technology Demonstrators. As described in "EAS Bulletin 101", the X-38 program "is a multiple application technology demonstration and risk mitigation programme, finding its first application as the pathfinder for the operational Crew Return Vehicle (CRV) for the International Space Station (ISS)."
NASA acted as its own prime contractor for the X-38 program, with the Johnson Space Center taking the project lead. All aspects of construction and development were managed in-house, although specific tasks were contracted out. For the production CRV, NASA intended to select an outside prime contractor to build the craft.
Four test vehicles were planned, but only two were built, both atmospheric test vehicles. The airframes, which were largely built of composite materials, were constructed under contract by Scaled Composites. The first flew its maiden flight on March 12, 1998. The X-38 utilized a unique parafoil landing system designed by Pioneer Aerospace. The ram-air inflated parafoil used in the flight test program was the largest in the world, with a surface area of . The parafoil was actively controlled by an onboard guidance system that was based on GPS navigation.
Controversy.
NASA's plans for the development program did not include an operational test of the actual CRV, which would have involved it being launched to the ISS, remaining docked there for up to three months, and then conducting an "empty" return to Earth. Instead, NASA had planned to "human rate" the spacecraft based on the results of the X-38's orbital testing. Three independent review groups, as well as the NASA Office of Inspector General, expressed concerns about the wisdom and safety of this plan.
The rapid-prototyping method of development, as opposed to the approach of sequential design, development, test and engineering evaluation also raised some concerns about program risk.
Funding issues.
In 1999, NASA projected the cost of the X-38 program at US$96 million (Space Flight Advanced Projects funds) and the actual CRV program at US$1.1 billion (ISS Program funds). A year later, the X-38 costs had risen to US$124.3 million, with the increased cost being paid for by ISS funds. Part of the increased cost was the result of the need to operationally test the CRV with at least one, and possibly more, shuttle launches.
The ESA chose not to fund the CRV program directly, but instead decided to allow ESA-participating governments to fund the program individually, starting in 1999. Belgium, France, Germany, The Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Sweden, and Switzerland all indicated that they would make substantial contributions.
U.S. funding for the NASA/ESA CRV was never a settled issue. In the Fiscal Year (FY) 2002 funding bill, Congress recommended a funding amount of US$275 million, but made it clear that this was conditional: [T]he Committee does not anticipate providing additional funds for this purpose unless it is made clear that the Administration and the international partners are committed to the International Space Station as a research facility. For this reason, the language included in the bill would rescind the $275,000,000 unless the Administration requests at least $200,000,000 for the crew return vehicle in the fiscal year 2003 NASA budget request. Furthermore, funding of the CRV program was tied to Administration justification of the mission of the ISS: By March 1, 2002, the President shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate a comprehensive plan that meets the following terms and conditions: First, a clear and unambiguous statement on the role of research in the International Space Station program. Second, a detailed outline of the efforts being pursued to provide habitation facilities for a full-time crew of no less than six persons... Third, the anticipated costs of the crew return vehicle program by fiscal year... Fourth, the relative priority of the crew return vehicle development program in the context of the International Space Station. The Committee does not intend to provide any additional funds or approve the release of any of the $275,000,000 provided in this bill, until all conditions are fully satisfied.
Cancellation.
On April 29, 2002, NASA announced that it was cancelling the CRV and X-38 programs, due to budget pressures associated with other elements of the ISS. The agency had been faced with a US$4 billion shortfall, and so radically redesigned the scope of the ISS, calling the new version U.S. Core Complete. This scaled-down station did not include the X-38-based CRV. Although the FY 2002 House budget had proposed US$275 million for the CRV, this was not included in the final budget bill. House–Senate conferees, however, saw the need to keep the CRV options open, believing that NASA's redesign and consequent deletion of the CRV premature, and so directed NASA to spend up to US$40 million to keep the X-38 program alive.
The CRV cancellation created its own controversy, with Congressman Ralph Hall (D-TX) taking NASA to task in an open letter detailing three areas of criticism:
NASA administrator Sean O'Keefe's responses did not satisfy Mr. Hall but the decision stood.
Orbital Space Plane.
As a part of NASA's Integrated Space Transportation Plan (ISTP) which restructured the Space Launch Initiative (SLI), focus moved in 2002 to developing the Orbital Space Plane (OSP) (early on referred to as the Crew Transfer Vehicle, or CTV), which would serve as both crew transport and as the CRV. In the restructuring, program priorities were changed, as NASA declared: "NASA's needs for transporting US crew to and from the Space Station is a driving space transportation requirement and must be addressed as an agency priority. It is NASA's responsibility to ensure that a capability for emergency return of the ISS crew is available. The design and development of an evolvable and flexible vehicle architecture that will initially provide crew return capability and then evolve into a crew transport vehicle is now the near-term focus of SLI."
A Crew Transfer Vehicle/Crew Rescue Vehicle Study, conducted by the SLI program in 2002, concluded that a multi-purpose Orbital Space Plane that can perform both the crew transfer and crew return functions for the Space Station is viable and could provide the greatest long-term benefit for NASA's investment. One of the key missions for the OSP, as defined by NASA in 2002, was to provide "rescue capability for no fewer than four Space Station crew members as soon as practical, but no later than 2010." As a part of the flight evaluation program that was to explore and validate technologies to be used in the OSP, NASA initiated the X-37 program, selecting Boeing Integrated Defense Systems as the prime contractor.
However, the OSP received heavy congressional criticism for being too limited in mission ("...the primary shortcoming of the OSP is that, as currently envisioned, it leads nowhere besides the space station") and for costing as much as US$3 to $5 billion.
Then, in 2004, NASA's focus changed yet again, from the OSP to the Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV), and the X-37 project was transferred to DARPA, where some aspects of technology development were continued, but only as an atmospheric test vehicle.
Apollo-derivative capsule.
With the cancellation of the OSP, the Apollo capsule was once again looked at for use as a CRV, this time by NASA in March 2003. In the initial study of the concept, "the Team concluded unanimously that an Apollo-derived Crew Return Vehicle (CRV) concept, with a 4 to 6 person crew, appears to have the potential of meeting most of the OSP CRV Level 1 requirements. An Apollo derived Crew Transport Vehicle (CTV) would also appear to be able to meet most of the OSP CTV Level 1 requirements with the addition of a service module. The team also surmised that there would be an option to consider the Apollo CSM concept for a common CRV/CTV system. It was further concluded that using the Apollo Command Module (CM) and Service Module (SM) as an ISS CRV and CTV has sufficient merit to warrant a serious detailed study of the performance, cost, and schedule for this approach, in comparison with other OSP approaches, to the same Level 1 requirements."
The study identified a number of issues with development of this option: "On the one hand, the Apollo system is well understood, and proved to be a highly successful, rugged system with a very capable launch abort system. Documentation would be very helpful in leading the designers. On the other hand, nearly every system would have to be redesigned, even if it were to be replicated. None of the existing hardware (such as CMs in Museums) was thought to be usable, because of age, obsolescence, lack of traceability, and water immersion. There would be no need for fuel cells or cryogenics, and modern guidance and communications would be lighter and less expensive. Although the flight hardware would be less expensive, and its impact on the Expendable Launch Vehicles would be minimal (it's just another axisymmetrical payload), the landing sites for the CRV may drive the Life Cycle costs high. By adding a Service Module (smaller than the one required to go to the Moon), orbital cross-range of 3000 to , might be gained, and the number of landing sites radically reduced. If land landings can be added to the system safely, another major reduction in life cycle costs would result, because the team believed that the system could be made re-usable."
Due to the capsule's aerodynamic characteristics, "g"-loadings are in the moderate range, (2.5 to 3.5"g"). From a medical perspective, though, the Apollo-type capsule presents several disadvantages. The Apollo capsule would have an internal atmospheric operating pressure of only 5 PSI, as opposed to the station's 14.5 PSI. In addition, a water landing on short notice presents some significant delays in capsule recovery.
Soyuz.
With the cancellation of the X-38 and CRV programs in 2001, it was clear that the interim use of Soyuz capsules would be a longer term necessity. To make them more compatible with the needs of the ISS, Energia was contracted to modify the standard Soyuz TM capsule to the TMA configuration. The main modifications involve the interior layout, with new, improved seats to accommodate larger American astronaut anthropometric standards. A series of test drops of the improved capsule were made in 1998 and 1999 from an Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane to validate the landing capabilities of the TMA.
A Soyuz-TMA capsule was always attached to the ISS in "standby" mode, in case of emergencies. Operated in this configuration, the TMA had a lifespan of about 200 days before it has to be rotated out, due to the degradation of the hydrogen peroxide used for its reaction control system. Because of this limitation, the vehicle is planned for a typical six-month changeout cycle. The first flight of the TMA to the ISS occurred on October 29, 2002 with the flight of the Soyuz TMA-1.
Because the TMA was limited to three occupants, the ISS was also likewise restricted to that number of occupants, which drastically reduces the amount of research that can be done on board the ISS to 20 person-hours per week, far lower than what was anticipated when the station was designed. With Expedition 20 in May 2009, the crew size of the ISS was increased from 3 to 6 persons with the simultaneously docked two Soyuz spacecraft.
The Soyuz TMA was succeeded by the Soyuz TMA-M over 2010–2012, and subsequently by the Soyuz MS in 2016.
Commercial Crew Development.
In 2008, NASA began administering a program (CCDev) to fund development of commercial crew transportation technologies. The program funded bids to develop specific technologies with awards when milestones were achieved. The first round of recipients in early 2010 included Boeing for its CST-100 capsule and Sierra Nevada Corporation for its Dream Chaser spaceplane. Further proposals submitted at the end of 2010 for a second round of funding included Orbital Sciences Corporation for its Prometheus spaceplane and SpaceX for developing a launch abort system for its Dragon spacecraft.

</doc>
<doc id="7051477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051477" title="Ultimate Air Combat">
Ultimate Air Combat

Ultimate Air Combat (known as Aces: Iron Eagle III in Japan) is a semi-realistic combat flight simulator developed and published by Activision for the Nintendo Entertainment System/Family Computer. Having relatively good graphics for the console, Ultimate Air Combat differs from other similar games by having both a cockpit view and an isometric view throughout the missions. The game seems to be set in the near future due to some of the highly advanced weapons systems but modern-day planes. In Japan, the game is known as Aces: Iron Eagle III and is barely based on (as both involved aircraft).
Story.
The story begins when the White House calls an emergency meeting, where they reveal that the military dictator Don Gwano is using the high revenue from his large oil exports to fund his large army and navy. He is now attacking neighbouring countries and the president's military advisers have agreed that action needs to be taken. Rather than a full-scale invasion, they propose a tactic of quick lightning strikes to take out specific systems vital to Don Gwano's militaristic regime. As the top pilot in the military, the player is chosen to perform these attacks.
Gameplay.
"Ultimate Air Combat" has thirty-seven different missions (nine groups of four missions then the final, slightly longer mission). Each mission is grouped into two parts. The first part of the mission has the player flying to the destination from the view of the pilot, within the cockpit. In this mode, the player will receive helpful information from the co-pilot such as when damage has been inflicted, when danger of stalling the plane and when an enemy plane is spotted. After destroying three enemy planes the mission moves onto the second half of the mission. This half of the mission is from an isometric view of the plane and the surrounding area where the player completes the actual mission target, usually destroying a particular structure or structures. The aircraft has limited fuel, though a fuel tank can be added at the weapon selection screen for more fuel to allow for a longer time to complete the mission.
If the aircraft being piloted is destroyed by enemy fire, crashes into the sea or runs out of fuel, the pilot survives but the plane being piloted is crashed and unable to be flown again at any further point in the game, so in essence, the player has three lives throughout the game.
Aircraft.
Three aircraft are available to pilot within the game: F14 Tomcat, F18 Super Hornet, Harrier. The cockpit layout is slightly different within each plane. Each plane has its own specific weapon later in the game and some other weapons are available for a specific plane or planes. Also there are minor differences in handling, the Harrier being notably easier to control during the first part of a mission where the player's view is from within the cockpit.
Weapons.
Professor Newron updates the planes, either by adding new weapons systems or by adding new hard points to allow more weapons to be loaded onto the plane. There are 13 different weapons (not including the fuel tank and machine gun), and some of these are available to all planes while others are plane-specific. As the player completes more missions, more weapons are developed and the finite number of weapons load points are increased.

</doc>
<doc id="7051479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051479" title="Hulda Gates">
Hulda Gates



</doc>
<doc id="7051491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051491" title="Poltergeist (1982 film)">
Poltergeist (1982 film)

Poltergeist is a 1982 American supernatural horror film directed by Tobe Hooper and written by Steven Spielberg, Michael Grais, and Mark Victor from a story by Spielberg. It stars JoBeth Williams, Craig T. Nelson, and Beatrice Straight, and was produced by Spielberg and Frank Marshall. The film focuses on a suburban family whose home is invaded by malevolent ghosts that abduct their youngest daughter.
As Spielberg was contractually unable to direct another film while he made "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial," Hooper was selected based on his work on "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and "The Funhouse". The origin of "Poltergeist" can be traced to "Night Skies", which Spielberg conceived as a horror sequel to his 1977 film "Close Encounters of the Third Kind"; Hooper was less interested in the sci-fi elements and suggested they collaborate on a ghost story. Accounts differ as to the level of Spielberg's involvement, but it is clear that he was frequently on set during filming and exerted significant creative control. For that reason, some have said that Spielberg should be considered the film's co-director or even main director, though both Spielberg and Hooper have disputed this.
Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer through MGM/UA Entertainment Co. on June 4, 1982, "Poltergeist" was a major critical and commercial success, becoming the eighth-highest-grossing film of 1982. In the years since its release, the film has been recognized as a horror classic. It was nominated for three Academy Awards, named by the Chicago Film Critics Association as the 20th-scariest film ever made, and a scene made Bravo's "100 Scariest Movie Moments." "Poltergeist" also appeared at No. 84 on American Film Institute's 100 Years...100 Thrills. The film was followed by "" (1986), "Poltergeist III" (1988), and a 2015 remake, but none had the critical success of the original.
Plot.
Steven and Diane Freeling live in the planned community of Cuesta Verde, California. Steven is a successful real estate agent, and Diane looks after their three children: sixteen-year-old Dana, eight-year-old Robbie, and five-year-old Carol Anne. Late one night, Carol Anne inexplicably converses with the family's television set while it displays post-broadcast static. The next night, she fixates on the television again, and a ghostly white hand emerges from the screen, followed by a violent earthquake. As the family is shaken awake by the quake, Carol Anne eerily intones, "They're here."
The following day is filled with bizarre events: a glass of milk spontaneously breaks, silverware bends, and furniture moves on its own. These phenomena initially seem benign, but soon grow sinister. During a severe thunderstorm, the gnarled backyard tree seemingly comes alive. A large limb crashes through the children's bedroom window, grabs Robbie, pulls him outside into the pouring rain and attempts to devour him. While the family rushes outside to rescue Robbie, Carol Anne is pulled into a portal inside the closet. After saving Robbie from the tree, which got sucked into a tornado, the family frantically search for Carol Anne, only for her voice to call out from the television.
Parapsychologist Martha Lesh arrives with team members Ryan and Marty to investigate. They determine there is a poltergeist intrusion involving multiple ghosts. Meanwhile, Steven learns from his boss Lewis Teague that the Cuesta Verde development was built on a former cemetery and the graves were moved to a nearby location.
Dana and Robbie are sent away for safety, while Dr. Lesh calls in Tangina Barrons, a spiritual medium. Tangina divulges the spirits are lingering in a different "sphere of consciousness" and are not at rest. They are attracted to Carol Anne's life force.
The entrance to the other dimension is in the children's bedroom closet and exits through the living room ceiling. Diane, secured by a rope, passes through the portal, guided by another rope previously threaded through both portals. Diane retrieves Carol Anne, and they drop through the ceiling to the living room floor, covered in ectoplasm. As they recover from the ordeal, Tangina proclaims the house is "clean".
Shortly after, the Freeling family have nearly finished packing to move out of the house. Before the family is to leave, Steven goes to his office while Dana is on a date, leaving Diane at home with Robbie and Carol Anne. The spirits return and ambush Diane and the children, aiming for a second kidnapping attempt. The unseen force drives Diane to the backyard in the pouring rain, where she stumbles into the flooded swimming pool excavation. Skeletal corpses and coffins float up around her in the muddy hole. Diane crawls out and rushes back into the house. She rescues the children, and they narrowly escape outside as more coffins and bodies erupt from the ground.
Accompanied by Teague, Steven arrives home to the mayhem and realizes that only the gravestones were relocated; the development was built over the abandoned graves. The Freelings jump into their car and collect Dana just as she returns home. They flee Cuesta Verde as the house implodes into a portal while Teague and stunned neighbors look on. The family checks into a room at a Holiday Inn, where Steven promptly removes the TV.
Production.
Michael Grais and Mark Victor had written an unproduced comedy called "Turn Left And Die" and the action film "Death Hunt", when Steven Spielberg decided to invite them to possibly work with him. After screening "A Guy Named Joe" for them and saying he wanted to remake that film—which he would in 1989's "Always—"Spielberg also mentioned a ghost story idea he intended to turn into a script. Grais called Spielberg the next day saying he and Victor only had interest in the ghost story, and after plans with another writer fell through, Spielberg brought the two to the job. Spielberg wanted Stephen King to co-write the screenplay, but he was unavailable.
Principal photography rolled mostly on Roxbury Street in Simi Valley, California. Following completion of principal photography in the first week of August 1981, Hooper went on to spend ten weeks in the editing room, compiling the first cut of the film. During much of this time, Spielberg was at Industrial Light &amp; Magic (ILM), supervising the visual effects photography.
Creative credit.
A clause in Spielberg's contract with Universal Studios prevented him from directing another film while preparing "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". According to Tobe Hooper, the core concept of the film was an idea he pitched to Spielberg after turning down the offer to direct "Night Skies." Writer Michael Grais stated that "we weren't really 'working' with Spielberg because he was on "E.T."", and that Spielberg only had sporadic meetings with the writers in MGM's commissary. "E.T." and "Poltergeist" were released a week apart in June, 1982; "Time" and "Newsweek" referred to it as "The Spielberg Summer". There were suggestions that Spielberg, in addition to being "Poltergeist"s co-producer and co-writer, had also served as its de facto co-director. This view was bolstered by various statements Spielberg made about his involvement, including a "Los Angeles Times" quote on May 24, 1982: "Tobe isn't ... a take-charge sort of guy. If a question was asked and an answer wasn't immediately forthcoming, I'd jump in and say what we could do. Tobe would nod agreement, and that became the process of collaboration."
That same article noted that the Directors Guild of America had opened an investigation into the "question of whether or not Hooper's official credit was being denigrated by statements Spielberg has made, apparently claiming authorship." The investigation ended in an arbitrator's ruling that MGM/UA Entertainment Co. must pay $15,000 to Hooper because the studio gave producer Spielberg a bigger credit than Hooper got in its trailers, although also noting that "broader issues of dispute exist between producer-writer (Spielberg) and the director" (damages of $200,000 were originally sought by the DGA). Co-producer Frank Marshall told the "LA Times" that "the creative force of the movie was Steven. Tobe was the director and was on the set every day. But Steven did the design for every storyboard, and he was on the set every day except for three days when he was in Hawaii with Lucas." However, Hooper stated that he "did fully half of the storyboards."
The week of the film's release, "The Hollywood Reporter" printed an open letter from Spielberg to Hooper:
Regrettably, some of the press has misunderstood the rather unique, creative relationship which you and I shared throughout the making of "Poltergeist".
I enjoyed your openness in allowing me, as a writer and a producer, a wide berth for creative involvement, just as I know you were happy with the freedom you had to direct "Poltergeist" so wonderfully.
Through the screenplay you accepted a vision of this very intense movie from the start, and as the director, you delivered the goods. You performed responsibly and professionally throughout, and I wish you great success on your next project.
In a 2007 "Ain't It Cool News" interview, Zelda Rubinstein discussed her recollections of the shooting process. She said "Steven directed all six days" she was on set: "Tobe set up the shots and Steven made the adjustments." She also alleged that Hooper "allowed some unacceptable chemical agents into his work," and that during her audition, "Tobe was only partially there." Comments from actor James Karen, concerning a 25th-anniversary Q&amp;A event which both attended, categorized Rubinstein's remarks as unfair to Hooper. "She laid into Tobe and I don't know why ... Tobe was kind to her."
In a 2012 "Rue Morgue" article commemorating "Poltergeist"'s 30th anniversary, interviews were conducted with several cast and crew members. In response to the magazine's query about the authorship issue, cast members unanimously sided with Hooper. James Karen said, "Tobe had a hard time on that film. It's tough when a producer is on set every day and there's always been a lot of talk about that. I considered Tobe my director. That's my stand on all those rumours." Martin Casella stated: "So much of "Poltergeist" looks and feels like a Spielberg movie but my recollection is that Tobe was mostly directing." Oliver Robins: "The guy who sets up the shots, blocks the actors and works with the crew to create a vision is the director. In those terms, Tobe was the director. He's the one who directed me, anyway." Make-up and effects artist Craig Reardon said Spielberg often had the final say. The original version of the cancerous steak, for instance, was created by Reardon per Hooper's specifications—but vetoed by Spielberg: "Although the first steak did not represent a killing amount of work, it had consumed enough time and effort—none of which I could afford to waste—that I determined in the future to make certain whatever I prepped would be approved in advance by Spielberg as well as Hooper."
Hooper was asked about the controversy in a 2015 interview with online journal "Film Talk" and said the rumors originated from a "Los Angeles Times" article that reported on Spielberg shooting footage of "little race cars" in front of the house, while Hooper was busy elsewhere shooting another scene. "From there it became its own legend. That is how I remember it; I was making the movie and later on, I heard this stuff after it was finished. I really can't set the record much straighter than that."
According to the Blumhouse Productions website, first assistant cameraman John R. Leonetti reported that Spielberg directed the film more so than Hooper, stating, "Hooper was so nice and just happy to be there. He creatively had input. Steven developed the movie, and it was his to direct, except there was anticipation of a director's strike, so he was 'the producer' but really, he directed it in case there was going to be a strike and Tobe was cool with that. It wasn't anything against Tobe. Every once in a while, he would actually leave the set and let Tobe do a few things just because. But really, Steven directed it."
Following Hooper's death in 2017, director Mick Garris, a publicist on the film who made several on-set visits, came to Hooper's defense on the "Post Mortem" podcast:
Tobe was always calling action and cut. Tobe had been deeply involved in all of the pre-production and everything. But Steven is a guy who will come in and call the shots. And so, you're on your first studio film, hired by Steven Spielberg, who is enthusiastically involved in this movie. Are you gonna say, 'Stop that... let me do this'? Which [Tobe] did.
[...] Tobe was a terrific filmmaker. I don't think it's that Steven was controlling. I think it was Steven was enthusiastic. And nobody was there to protect Tobe. But all of the pre-production was done by Tobe. Tobe was there throughout. Tobe's vision is very much realized there. And Tobe got credit because he deserved credit. Including... Steven Spielberg said that.
[...] Yes, Steven Spielberg was very much involved. It's a Tobe Hooper film.
Special effects.
The special effects for "Poltergeist" were produced by Industrial Light and Magic and overseen by Richard Edlund. The film won the BAFTA Award for Best Special Visual Effects and earned a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects, which it lost to "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial".
The scene of Diane (JoBeth Williams) climbing up the walls was done using a static camera in a rotating set. A similar effect was used in "Royal Wedding" to make it look like Fred Astaire was dancing on the ceiling.
Spielberg recalled that the most complicated lighting effects were used in Carol Anne's closet: "There were so many lighting effects: strobes and Las Vegas spots and fish tanks of water to give different kind of diffusion to the beams coming out and four large wind machines... We wanted the light to live."
The dolly zoom is used in the scene of Diane running down the hallway to Carol Anne's room. This is done by pulling the camera back while zooming the lens forward. In "Poltergeist" it creates the illusion of expanding space.
Music.
The music for "Poltergeist" was written by Jerry Goldsmith, who recalled:
Steven Spielberg called me about five months before ["Poltergeist"] went into production and wanted to know if I would be interested in doing it. He'd long been an admirer of mine, and we had met several times. I said I'd be very interested, so he sent me a script and I loved it. I was very excited about being involved with anything with Spielberg, anyway... With Spielberg, probably more than any other director, there's a tremendous amount of discussion. He's very articulate about music, and one can discuss for hours about approaches. Anything I did was not on my own volition; it was a joint effort in that we both agreed what we were trying to do with the music for the picture. We wanted a childlike theme for the little girl; Spielberg felt that much of the action in the closet should have a quasi-religious atmosphere to it. There was something definitely non-human about it, yet it was not evil all the way. It was discussing specifics like that which resulted in our approach... [Tobe Hooper] was not involved at all with post-production. That was all strictly with Steven, and I worked very closely with him.
Goldsmith wrote several themes for the score, including the lullaby "Carol Anne's Theme" to represent blissful suburban life and the young female protagonist; a semi-religious melody for the souls caught between worlds; and several dissonant, atonal blasts for moments of terror. The score went on to garner Goldsmith an Oscar nomination for Best Original Score, though he lost to John Williams for "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial".
Goldsmith's score was first released in 1982 on LP through MGM Records in a 38-minute version. Rhino Movie Music later released a 68-minute cut on CD in 1997. A two-disc soundtrack album later followed on December 9, 2010 by Film Score Monthly featuring additional source and alternate material. The 2010 release also included previously unreleased tracks from Goldsmith's score to "The Prize" (1963).
There is an alternate version of "Carol Anne's theme" which has lyrics. That version is unofficially titled "Bless this House" (which is a line from the chorus). It was not featured in the film but was part of the original album.
Allusions.
A clip of Spencer Tracy in "A Guy Named Joe" (1943) can be seen on the TV in the Freelings' bedroom. This is one of Spielberg's favorite childhood films, which he would remake as "Always". "Joe" is also a film about the afterlife.
Posters for "Star Wars" and "Alien" can be seen in the room shared by Robbie and Carol Anne.
The story of "Poltergeist" has similarities to "The Twilight Zone" episode "Little Girl Lost", about a girl who finds a portal to another dimension in her bedroom; the girl's family (including the dog) can hear her but can't see her. The similarity was noted by the episode's author, Richard Matheson: "They sort of used that idea and made their own concept of it." Matheson said he had a positive relationship with Spielberg, adding "God knows the man has talent."
A sign at the Holiday Inn reads "Welcome Doctor Fantasy and Friends". This is an inside joke; producer Frank Marshall is an amateur magician, and his stage-name is Dr. Fantasy. After a production wraps, Marshall performs magic for the crew.
Release.
MPAA rating.
"Poltergeist" initially received an R rating by twenty-four reviewers from the MPAA due to the gory bathroom scene. Steven Spielberg and Tobe Hooper disagreed with the R rating and succeeded in changing it to PG on appeal.
Reissues.
The film was reissued on October 29, 1982, to take advantage of the Halloween weekend. It was shown in theaters for one night only on October 4, 2007, to promote the new restored and remastered 25th-anniversary DVD, released five days later. This event also included the documentary "They Are Here: The Real World of Poltergeists", which was created for the new DVD.
The "Poltergeist" franchise is believed by some to be cursed due to the premature deaths of several people associated with the film (including Heather O'Rourke and Dominique Dunne), a notion that was the focus of an "E! True Hollywood Story".
Home media.
"Poltergeist" was released by MGM/UA Home Video on VHS, Betamax, CED, and LaserDisc in 1982. On April 8, 1997, MGM Home Entertainment released "Poltergeist" on DVD in a snap case, and the only special feature was a trailer. In 1998, "Poltergeist" was re-released on DVD with the same cover and disc as the 1997 release, but in a keep case and with an eight-page booklet. In 1999, a snap case edition with the same DVD disc, but a different cover, was released by Warner Home Video (later Warner Bros. Home Entertainment), after the pre-May 1986 MGM library was acquired by the Time Warner-owned Turner Entertainment Co. Warner tentatively scheduled releases for the 25th anniversary edition of the film on standard DVD, HD DVD, and Blu-ray in Spain and the US on October 9, 2007. The re-release was billed as having digitally remastered picture and sound, and a two-part documentary: "They Are Here: The Real World of Poltergeists", which makes extensive use of clips from the film. The remastered DVD of the film was released as scheduled, but both high-definition releases were eventually canceled. Warner rescheduled the high-definition version of the film, and eventually released it only on the Blu-ray format on October 14, 2008.
To commemorate the film's 40th anniversary, "Poltergeist" was released by Warner Bros. on 4K UHD Blu-ray on September 20, 2022.
Novelization.
A novelization was written by James Kahn, adapted from the film's original screenplay. It was printed in the United States through Warner Books, with the first printing in May 1982. While the film focuses mainly on the Freeling family, much of the book leans toward the relationship between Tangina and Dr. Lesh. The novel also expands upon many scenes from the film, such as the nighttime manifestation of outer-dimensional entities of fire and shadows in the Freelings' living room, and an extended version of the kitchen scene in which Marty watches a steak crawl across a countertop. In the book, Marty is frozen in place and skeletonized by spiders and rats. There are also additional elements not in the film, such as Robbie's mysterious discovery of the clown doll in the yard during his birthday party, and a benevolent spirit, "The Waiting Woman", who protects Carol Anne in the spirit world.
Reception.
Box office.
"Poltergeist" was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer on June 4, 1982. The film was a commercial success and earned $76,606,280 in the United States, making it the highest-grossing horror film of 1982, and eighth overall for the year.
Critical response.
The film was well received by critics and is considered by many as a classic of the horror genre as well as one of the best films of 1982. On review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes it has an approval rating of 88% based on reviews from 72 critics, with an average rating of 7.50/10. The site's consensus reads: "Smartly filmed, tightly scripted, and—most importantly—consistently frightening, "Poltergeist" is a modern horror classic." On Metacritic it has a score of 79% based on reviews from 16 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews". Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "A" on an A+ to F scale.
Roger Ebert gave "Poltergeist" three stars out of four and called it "an effective thriller, not so much because of the special effects, as because Hooper and Spielberg have tried to see the movie's strange events through the eyes of the family members, instead of just standing back and letting the special effects overwhelm the cast along with the audience." Vincent Canby of "The New York Times" called it "a marvelously spooky ghost story" with "extraordinary technical effects" that were "often eerie and beautiful but also occasionally vividly gruesome." Andrew Sarris, in "The Village Voice", wrote that when Carol Anne is lost, the parents and the two older children "come together in blood-kin empathy to form a larger-than-life family that will reach down to the gates of hell to save its loved ones." In the "Los Angeles Herald Examiner", Peter Rainer wrote:
Buried within the plot of "Poltergeist" is a basic, splendid fairy tale scheme: the story of a little girl who puts her parents through the most outrageous tribulation to prove their love for her. Underlying most fairy tales is a common theme: the comforts of family. Virtually all fairy tales begin with a disrupting of the family order, and their conclusion is usually a return to order.
John Nubbin reviewed "Poltergeist" for "Different Worlds" magazine and stated that ""Poltergeist" is the best thriller that has been made in a lot of years. Between it and "E.T.", what appears to be an endless summer of hits is being ushered in nicely."
David Thomson, in his entry on Spielberg in "The New Biographical Dictionary of Film", calls "Poltergeist" "wondrous."
Not all reviews were as positive. Gene Siskel gave the film one-and-a-half stars out of four, writing that "Poltergeist" "is very good at getting the details of suburban life right—in other words, it sets its stage beautifully—but when it comes time for the terror to begin, the whole thing is very, very silly." Gary Arnold of "The Washington Post" observed that the film "looks and feels decidedly patchy, as if it had been assembled by different hands frequently working at cross purposes." Sheila Benson of the "Los Angeles Times" wrote, "In terms of simple, flat-out, roof-rattling fright, "Poltergeist" gives full value. In terms of story, however, simple is indeed the word, and dumb might be a better one. And when so many effects are lavished on a story this frail, you have a lopsided film."
Accolades.
The film continues to receive recognition 40 years after its release. "Poltergeist" was selected by "The New York Times" as one of The Best 1000 Movies Ever Made. It also received recognition from the American Film Institute, with a number 84 ranking on AFI's "100 Years...100 Thrills" list; "They're here" was named the 69th-greatest movie quote on AFI's "100 Years...100 Movie Quotes".
The film received three Oscar nominations: Best Original Score, Best Sound Effects Editing, and Best Visual Effects, losing all three to Spielberg's "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial".
Legacy.
Sequels and remakes.
In 1986, "" retained the family but introduced a new motive for the Beast's behavior, tying him to an evil cult leader named Henry Kane, who led his religious sect to their doom in the 1820s. As the Beast, Kane went to extraordinary lengths to keep his "flock" under his control, even in death. The original motive of the cemetery's souls disturbed by the housing development was thereby altered; the cemetery was now explained to be built above a cave where Kane and his flock met their ends. It also reveals that the women of the family are actually psychics.
"Poltergeist III", released in 1988, finds Carol Anne as the sole original family member living in an elaborate Chicago skyscraper owned and inhabited by her aunt, uncle and cousin. Kane follows her there and uses the building's ubiquitous decorative mirrors as a portal to the Earthly plane.
The 1988 Italian film "Ghosthouse" (also known as "La casa 3"), written and directed by Umberto Lenzi, has been described as an imitation of the original "Poltergeist".
In 2013, a remake of the original "Poltergeist", produced by MGM and 20th Century Fox and directed by Gil Kenan, was announced. Sam Raimi, Rob Tapert, and Roy Lee produced the film, which stars Sam Rockwell, Jared Harris, and Rosemarie DeWitt. "Poltergeist" was released on May 22, 2015.
On April 10, 2019, it was announced that the Russo Brothers would helm a new remake.
In October 2023, it was reported that a television series adaptation was in early development at Amazon MGM Studios with Amblin Television's Darryl Frank and Justin Falvey set to executive produce.
In popular culture.
"Bad Dream House", the first segment of "Treehouse of Horror", the first episode of the annual "The Simpsons" "Treehouse of Horror" Halloween specials, is partly a parody of "Poltergeist."
The song "Shining" by horror punk band Misfits, on their 1997 album "American Psycho", is based directly on the film, with the chorus centered on the refrain: "Carol Anne, Carol Anne".
Spice Girls pays homage to the film in their 1997 music video for the song "Too Much".
Two separate animated TV series helmed by Seth MacFarlane have parodied "Poltergeist". In the 2006 "Family Guy" episode "Petergeist", Peter Griffin discovers an Indian burial ground when he attempts to build a multiplex in a backyard. When he takes an Indian chief's skull, a poltergeist invades the Griffins' home. The episode used some of the same musical cues heard in the film and recreates several of its scenes. "American Dad!" also parodied the film with the season 10 episode "Poltergasm", in which the Smith house has become haunted by Francine's unsatisfied sex drive, and Roger plays Ruby Zeldastein, a parody of Tangina.
The 2001 comedy horror film "Scary Movie 2" parodies the movie's clown doll attack in Robbie's bedroom, as well as Diane's levitation.
"Poltergeist" was the subject of walk through attractions at both Universal Studios Orlando and Hollywood's annual Halloween Horror Nights event.

</doc>
<doc id="7051495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051495" title="Maine State Route 7">
Maine State Route 7

State Route 7 (SR 7) is part of Maine's system of numbered state highways, running from an interchange with U.S. Route 1 (US 1) in Belfast, to an intersection with SR 15 in Dover-Foxcroft. Route 7 is long.
Between Belfast and Newport, SR 7 is known as the Moosehead Trail. SR 7 follows the east bank of the Sebasticook River between Newport and Dexter, where it turns northeast to Dover-Foxcroft.

</doc>
<doc id="7051496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051496" title="Nandi Award for Best Cinematographer">
Nandi Award for Best Cinematographer

The Nandi Award for Best Cinematographer winners was commissioned since 1977:

</doc>
<doc id="7051497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051497" title="Fort Casey State Park">
Fort Casey State Park



</doc>
<doc id="7051503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051503" title="The Drew Carey Show">
The Drew Carey Show

The Drew Carey Show is an American television sitcom that aired on ABC from September 13, 1995, to September 8, 2004. Set in Cleveland, Ohio, the series revolved around the retail office and home life of "everyman" Drew Carey, a fictionalized version of the comedian.
The show was created by Carey, who had both stand-up comedy and writing experience, and television writer and producer Bruce Helford.
Produced by Mohawk Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television, it debuted on September 13, 1995, received positive reviews from critics and ranked among the Top 30 programs for four seasons before sliding in popularity. Ratings declined sharply during the final two seasons, and the last two episodes aired on September 8, 2004.
Premise.
The character portrayed by Drew Carey shares his name and is a fictionalized version of himself, a self-proclaimed "everyman". Carey has explained that his character is what he would have been if he had not become an actor. He has a core group of friends who embark with him on his everyday trials and tribulations. Drew's friends include erudite but unambitious Lewis (Ryan Stiles), excitable dimwitted Oswald (Diedrich Bader) and his friend (later on-off girlfriend) Kate (Christa Miller) who is tomboyish. In the final two seasons, Kate gets married and moves to Guam, in the same two-part episode that introduces and develops Drew's relationship with Kellie (Cynthia Watros), which carries on over the final two seasons.
For its first seven seasons, Drew's workplace is the office of fictional Cleveland department store Winfred-Louder, where he has worked for years and still works as assistant director of personnel. One of his coworkers is Mimi Bobeck (Kathy Kinney), a large woman with a clownish wardrobe, a lot of make-up (including her trademark bright blue eye shadow), and a foul mutual dislike for Drew. The two eventually become closer (although still maintaining a less heated rivalry), primarily because Mimi fell in love with and married Drew's cross-dressing heterosexual brother Steve (John Carroll Lynch), a frequently recurring character.
In the first season they work for the unseen Mr. Bell (Kevin Pollak), only seen in the season one finale, when he is greeted with applause; in later seasons, their boss and sometimes-co-worker is Nigel Wick (Craig Ferguson), an eccentric, sadistic and unlucky Englishman. In the final two seasons, they work for peaceful, hippie-like Evan (Kyle Howard) and the much more professional Scott (Jonathan Mangum), tech-smart but naïve twenty-somethings who own the Neverending Store, an online retailer with offices in the same location.
In addition to his day job, Drew, along with Oswald, Lewis, and Kate (replaced from around Season 5 onwards by Mimi), runs a small business out of his garage, selling Buzz Beer, a caffeinated alcoholic drink. It becomes popular in the region and is served at the group's hangout, The Warsaw Tavern.
Synopsis.
Season 1 (1995–1996).
The first season's opening credits consisted of a caricature of Carey's face wearing a yellow tie—singing the Robert McGuire-penned "Moon Over Parma". The song was trimmed for the opening sequence, and the reference to Eastlake in the line "Guide her to Eastlake underneath your silvery light" was changed to a reference to Cleveland to stay in theme with the show.
In the first season, Drew and Mimi worked under Mr. Bell, who existed only as a voice on Drew's speakerphone, excluding the season finale (his final episode, played by Kevin Pollak) wherein he is fired by Winfred-Louder's new owners. Other characters that appeared exclusively in this period were Drew's hillbilly neighbor Jules and his family. Drew's first girlfriend Lisa was introduced in this season, as was Jay, Kate's love interest who used to attend the same high school as Drew and his friends. Both characters lasted until Season 2, where they were quickly written out of the show in the early episodes.
Nine of the episode titles were related to chemistry in some way, with names such as "The Joining of Two Unlike Elements Is a Mixture" and "Isomers Have Distinct Characteristics". However, this theme was abandoned by the end of the season.
Seasons 2–7 (1996–2002).
"Moon Over Parma" was phased out during the second season by "Five O'Clock World" sung by The Vogues. This season introduced openings that paid homage to music videos which included the cast dancing and singing around the various sets of the show.
In the third season, the opening theme was changed to "Cleveland Rocks", a cover of an Ian Hunter song performed by The Presidents of the United States of America. The video, first shown in full in episode three that season, consists of shots of Cleveland. This change lasted until the second "wave" of the show ended, with the finale of Season 7.
The man who took over Mr. Bell's job after his firing was Nigel Wick, who served as a foil for both Drew and Mimi in the workplace. During this period, Drew and Mr. Wick also periodically took the top management job away from each other. This would usually result in Drew ending up back at his old job as assistant director of Personnel and Mr. Wick would miraculously retain his job as manager. By the end of Season 7, they were both Co-Managers before Winfred-Louder was closed down (albeit after undergoing drastic changes to stay in business). A recurring subplot involved Drew and his friends running a side business called "Buzz Beer," a microbrewery conceived through the concept of mixing coffee and beer. While several brand concepts and promotional stunts were plotted by Drew and his friends, their product failed to gain any true notoriety.
Kate and Oswald became closer and eventually became romantically involved and almost married during the third season, but Kate stood Oswald up at the altar. Kate and Drew also became romantically involved and were on the verge of getting married, but they called it off when they realized they did not feel the same about the prospect of children. Drew's cross-dressing brother Steve was introduced during this period. He eventually fell in love with Mimi and they had a child together, Gus (whose name was decided by means of a contest).
Drew also got married a number of times during this portion of the show. His first marriage was to Diane, a cocktail waitress in Las Vegas. This was only temporary however, as she needed Drew to retain custody of her children. His second marriage was to Mr. Wick, who forced Drew to marry him in a sham same-sex civil union in Vermont (the only place it was legal at the time) in hopes that the marriage would placate the Immigration and Naturalization Service. At the beginning of Season 7, Drew married both Nikki and Kate (the former had been a recurring character for some time since Season 3, and suffered from weight problems). They found out about this and all three of these marriages ended in divorce, and Drew became known as the "Impotent Bisexual Bigamist". Nikki eventually returned, and the actress, Kate Walsh, donned a fat suit again and moved in with Drew.
During this period the show also had frequent "event" episodes. Recurring themes were "What's Wrong with This Episode?", in which the show contained numerous deliberate continuity errors and other mistakes and invited viewers at home to find the most errors and win a prize, and live episodes, with loose plots and improvised scenes featuring cast members from Carey's improvisational comedy show "Whose Line Is It Anyway?" (Brad Sherwood, Wayne Brady, Colin Mochrie, Greg Proops, Charles Esten, Kathy Greenwood, Jeff Davis, Laura Hall, and Linda Taylor) contributed to these episodes, with Brad Sherwood hosting.
Seasons 8–9 (2002–2004).
Beginning in season 8, the show rotated through 9 different opening sequences, each of which contained a new version of one of the show's three theme songs. Each theme ("Moon Over Parma", "Five O'Clock World" and "Cleveland Rocks") was seen in three different segments, in new, wildly different arrangements. The show eventually went back to having just five main characters, akin to the first season, as Kate, Mr. Wick, and Steve were essentially written out of the show. Kate's character was married off, Mr. Wick disappeared after three appearances until the Season 8 finale, wherein it is revealed he became a weatherman (although he continued to appear in the opening credits, unlike Kate, who was eliminated, and never mentioned again.) Steve left at the beginning of the ninth season to "find himself". While Kate O'Brien never reappears after she is married off, Steve and Mr. Wick each briefly reappear late in Season 9.
With Winfred-Louder closed, the location became the office of online retailer Neverending Store. Drew, Mimi, and Mr. Wick were hired as employees of the new company. Mimi was hired first in a similar role to her old job, and Drew was eventually hired as "Internal Expediting Analyst", and a recurring gag began wherein Drew had no clue as to what his job entailed. Before being written out, Mr. Wick was at first a janitor, and another recurring joke came in the form of Mr. Wick attempting to climb the ladder back to being the boss. Before being written out, he went from janitor to the carrier of the dessert trolley.
Kate left after the first two episodes of season 8, the same two episodes that introduced Kellie, an old high school friend of Drew's who had been working as a stripper. She eventually became a waitress at The Warsaw Tavern, Drew's girlfriend, and the carrier of his child. The plot of the final episode was Drew and Kellie attempting to get married before their child is born. Mr. Wick also returned and stayed on for the series finale.
The show began featuring cameos from reality-TV participants in the final two seasons, such as former "Road Rules" star Timmy Beggy, "The Real World" alumna Cara Khan, and "The Amazing Race" winner Reichen Lehmkuhl. Tony the Bus Driver (Bill Cobbs) became a regular, serving as smart-alecky "bartender" type to whom Drew could tell his problems. The eighth season was put in a timeslot that frequently clashed with "Monday Night Football". It was pulled mid-season and the remaining episodes were shown during the summer of 2003. The ninth season did not air until the summer of 2004, with most of the episodes out of order.
The last season's tone changed radically from the previous seasons. The directors began experimenting with one-camera set-ups, showing the sets completely built, with four walls in most rooms, and with rooms actually linked together. The writers also began experimenting, including story lines in which Gus burns down Mimi's house, forcing her to move in with Drew after Steve leaves her.
Post-series.
On March 24, 2009, Kathy Kinney appeared in character as Mimi at the beginning of "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson". Kinney appeared twice on "The Price Is Right" as Mimi Bobeck on April Fools' Day. Drew Carey has been the host of the show since 2007. 
As part of a 2014 April Fools' Day prank by CBS, Drew Carey and Craig Ferguson swapped hosting duties, leaving Craig to host "The Price Is Right" and Drew to host "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson". The ending skit of the final episode of "The Late Late Show" in 2014 was a spoof of the 1990 final episode of "Newhart", in which Ferguson and Carey reprised their roles. Mr. Wick wakes up in bed with Carey, discovering that his decade as a talk show host and Carey's career as a game show host had been a dream.
Carey, Kinney, and Ryan Stiles all guest starred in the episode "Bigger Kids, Bigger Problems" (2019) of the ABC sitcom "American Housewife", which stars Diedrich Bader.
Episodes.
Viva Las Vegas.
The episode "Drew Gets Married" is part of a crossover with "Grace Under Fire", "Coach" and "Ellen" set in Las Vegas. It features Brett Butler as Grace Kelly, Jerry Van Dyke as Luther Van Dam, Joely Fisher as Paige Clark and Jeremy Piven as Spence Kovak.
Ratings.
The show initially finished outside of the Top 30 in the Nielsen ratings, at #48. In the second season, ratings improved, and the series jumped into the Top 25, remaining there for the next three seasons as well. The sixth season finished just outside of the Top 30, at #37. This is attributable to the erosion of network audiences that began in the late 1990s.
After its sixth season, ABC and Warner Bros. Television negotiated to keep the series on through the 2003-04 television season, which would place it in its ninth season. However, in its seventh season, "The Drew Carey Show" experienced a dramatic ratings drop, as did several other ABC series. A schedule move by ABC for the eighth season resulted in even worse ratings, falling out of the Top 100. At midseason, ABC placed the series on hiatus, and attempted to get out of the contract with Warner Bros. Television. When they were unable to, ABC finished the eighth season in the summer, and decided to burn off the ninth and final season during the summer of 2004. The series finale was viewed by a little over 5 million viewers.
Syndication.
"The Drew Carey Show" entered off-network syndication in September 1999 and continued until September 2008 airing on independent stations and the affiliates of Fox, UPN, and The WB.
The series began airing on TBS in October 2002, with reruns airing on the network until November 2007. ION aired reruns of the show from 2007 to 2009, premiering on December 31, 2007 (New Year's Eve), with the station promoting it as "The Drew Year." ION Television did not air all of the episodes as it only aired the episodes that aired from seasons 1–5; the channel also removed extremely sexual references from certain episodes, the season 5 episode "Do Drew and Kate Have Sex?" being one in particular.
The CW also aired episodes during the 2008–09 television season. Two back-to-back episodes were aired on Sundays at 6:00pm to replace the cancelled Sunday Night Block by Media Rights Capital.
In Canada, the show ran in syndication on TVtropolis until June 2013, when the channel was rebranded as DTour. The series returned to DTour in April 2025. The series also aired on DejaView.
Laff began carrying the show as part of its inaugural lineup when it launched in April 2015. The series was dropped from Laff's lineup in the fall of 2019.
Rewind TV began airing "The Drew Carey Show" reruns from December 2021 to January 1, 2024. It would later move to sister station Antenna TV, premiering on that same date.
On August 10, 2024, all 9 seasons of the show were made available to stream for free through Plex, although music has been replaced or removed in several episodes and 5 episodes are missing altogether due to music licensing issues.
In December 2024, the series was released on Pluto TV.
Merchandise.
During the height of the show's popularity, Creation Entertainment manufactured Barbie-esque dolls of Drew and Mimi, which came with accessories. Kinney helped to choose the clothing and make-up for the Mimi doll. Matchbox also released Drew's car, a Volkswagen Beetle with flames on the sides which Drew owned from the third season until the eighth. The soundtrack album "Cleveland Rocks! Music from The Drew Carey Show" was released in May 1998.
Home media.
On February 28, 2006, a six-episode release of the sitcom was released on DVD titled "The Drew Carey Show: TV Favorites". Initially, the DVD was exclusively sold at Best Buy, but later sold at other national retailers as well. The DVD features the episodes "Pilot," "Playing the Unified Field," "We'll Remember Always, Evaluation Day," "Drew Blows His Promotion," "My Best Friend's Wedding," and "DrugCo." However, this DVD has since gone out of print.
On April 24, 2007, Warner Home Video released the complete first season of "The Drew Carey Show" on DVD in Region 1. The first season was also released in Australia (Region 4) on September 10, 2008.
In 2014, Carey released a statement where he said that the reason as to why the second season, and any of the later seasons have yet to be released to this day is because of copyright issues regarding music used on the show. In March 2025, it was announced that the complete series would be released on DVD on May 13, 2025. However, four episodes are not included due to music copyright issues: "Drew's Dance Party" (season 4, episode 10), "Drew Carey's Back-to-School Rock 'n' Roll Comedy Hour: Parts 1 &amp; 2" (season 7, episodes 1 &amp; 2) and "What's Love Got to Do With It?" (season 8, episode 17).

</doc>
<doc id="7051505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051505" title="Celso Borges">
Celso Borges

Celso Borges Mora (born 27 May 1988) is a Costa Rican professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Liga FPD club Alajuelense. With 163 international appearances, he is the most capped player in Costa Rica's history.
Early years.
His father is Alexandre Guimarães, Brazilian-born, Costa Rican-raised ex-footballer and coach. He was born in Costa Rica's capital city San José and during his high school years, he attended Saint Clare High School, where he also took part in the school's team. His studies were often interrupted by his football training and playing outside the country.
Club career.
Saprissa.
At the age of 18, Borges made his professional debut for Saprissa on 15 January 2006. He won five national championships with Saprissa.
Fredrikstad FK.
On 18 January 2009, Fredrikstad FK sporting director Tor-Kristian Karlsen confirmed that Borges had signed for them, joining on 1 July when Borges's contract with Saprissa expired. Fredrikstad later agreed to pay 1 million kroner (€125,000 ) to Deportivo Saprissa so Borges could join the team immediately and play for Fredrikstad, when the season started on 14 April, against the former league champion Stabæk. In March 2011, Borges stated he would leave Fredrikstad during or after the 2011 season.
AIK.
On 1 January 2012, it was confirmed that Borges, as a free agent, was to leave Fredrikstad FK signing a three-year contract with the Swedish football club AIK Stockholm.
He received the vacant number 10 jersey, last worn by Martin Kayongo-Mutumba.
On 1 April 2012, Borges made his first match for AIK, in a match against Mjällby AIF. He got his first goal for the club in the next game, scoring the game-winning goal against Kalmar FF. During the first half of the season he was used as a striker by manager Andreas Alm. But after the summer vacation he dropped down and started playing as a central midfielder and subsequently was the team's first choice in central midfield. He finished the season ending up as the team's best goalscorer.
Deportivo La Coruña.
On 14 January 2015, Borges joined Deportivo de La Coruña, signing with them until the end of the season, with an option of a two-year extension. He scored twice in his first official appearance for "Dépor", having started in a 1–2 away win against Rayo Vallecano on 30 January which also marked his La Liga debut.
International career.
Borges currently holds the appearance record for the Costa Rica national football team with 163 caps, scoring 27 goals. He has represented his country in over 50 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and at the 2014, 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup finals. He has also played at the 2011 and 2013 Copa Centroamericana, as well as at the 2009, 2011, 2013, 2015, 2019, 2021 and 2023 CONCACAF Gold Cups, and the Copa América Centenario.
Borges played in the 2005 FIFA U-17 World Championship held in Peru, in which he scored a goal and was considered among the best players of the tournament. After the tournament he was picked as one of ten players to watch out for in the future. Borges also participated in the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup held in Canada.
He made his debut for the Costa Rican senior team in a June 2008 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Grenada and, in September of the same year, scored his first international goal against Suriname.
After featuring prominently during the team's unsuccessful 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification campaign, Borges helped the team to a second-place finish at the 2011 Copa Centroamericana, as well as the quarter-finals of the CONCACAF Gold Cup later that year.
In June 2014, Borges was named in Costa Rica's squad for the 2014 FIFA World Cup. During the round of 16, Borges was the first of five Costa Rican players to successfully convert his kick in a 5–3 penalty shootout win over Greece.
In May 2018 he was named in Costa Rica's 23 man squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
Personal life.
Through his father, Borges was also a Brazilian national until 2017, when he relinquished his Brazilian nationality to become a Spanish citizen.
Borges is usually considered one of the most educated players of the Costa Rica national football team. "El País"' Diego Torres described him as "the brain of Costa Rica" and "a gleaned midfielder with elegant diction", while "La Nación"'s Antonio Alfaro called him "the exemplary Costa Rican player." Aside from his native Spanish, Borges can also speak English, Portuguese and Swedish.
A heavy metal fan, citing Slipknot, Metallica, Dream Theater and Killswitch Engage as his favorite bands, Borges plays the drums, and has covered System of a Down's "Toxicity" alongside Peruvian musician Kurt Dyer.
Honours.
Deportivo Saprissa
Alajuelense
 CONCACAF Central American Cup: 2024
Costa Rica
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="7051511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051511" title="Brian Lara Cricket '96">
Brian Lara Cricket '96

Brian Lara Cricket '96, known as Lara '96 and Shane Warne Cricket in Australia and New Zealand, is the sequel to "Brian Lara Cricket" and the second game in the Brian Lara-endorsed series of cricket video games. It was developed by Audiogenic for Codemasters and released in 1996 for the Sega Mega Drive, Amiga and PC systems.
Gameplay.
The style and method of game play is almost identical to previous versions of the game. "Lara '96" featured the updated player names and statistics of the 1997 cricket season. Notable additional features include the capability to play as English county sides as well as a player editor.
Due to “technical restrictions” the Amiga version of the game depicted all players as white, including Brian Lara himself.
Development.
"Lara '96" uses the same pseudo-3D graphics used in its predecessor, but the animations and sprites were updated. This game uses a serial EEPROM (24C65 type) for backup.

</doc>
<doc id="7051518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051518" title="B-0">
B-0



</doc>
<doc id="7051523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051523" title="The Troubles in Maguiresbridge">
The Troubles in Maguiresbridge



</doc>
<doc id="7051551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051551" title="Avi Yehiel">
Avi Yehiel

Avi Yehiel (; born 26 September 1979) is a former Israeli footballer.
Biography.
In 2012, Yehiel married model , the sister of the founder and former CEO of WeWork, Adam Neumann. After retiring from football in 2013, he worked for WeWork as a wellness coach.
Sports career.
Avi Yehiel first played in Gadna Tel Aviv Yehuda junior team and won with it in the youth national championship. In 1997–1998 went to Hapoel Petah Tikva and played for the first time against Hapoel Tel Aviv FC. Yehiel played in Hapoel Petah Tikva for eight seasons and won the Toto Cup in 2004–2005. In season 2005–2006 went to Maccabi Tel Aviv FC, and scored the equaliser in his first game.
Avi Yehiel was a player at the Israel national football team. In his first appearance against Ireland, he scored the equaliser in the 2–2 match.

</doc>
<doc id="7051554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051554" title="D. S. Margoliuth">
D. S. Margoliuth



</doc>
<doc id="7051564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051564" title="State Route 7 (Maine)">
State Route 7 (Maine)



</doc>
<doc id="7051566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051566" title="Idios kosmos">
Idios kosmos

Idios kosmos (from ) is people's "own world" or "private world" as distinguished from the "common world" (). The origin of the term is attributed to (Diels–Kranz numbering) of the pre-Socratic philosopher Heraclitus: "The waking have one common world, but the sleeping turn aside each into a world of his own." The term has various interpretations: is associated with dreaming, imagination, and delusion; with wakefulness, reason, and consensus reality.
From the 1950s, the term was adopted by phenomenological/existential psychologists, such as Ludwig Binswanger and Rollo May, to refer to the experience of people with delusions or other problems who have trouble seeing beyond a limited private world of their own minds or who confuse this private world with shared reality.
It was an important part of novelist Philip K. Dick's views on schizophrenia, as expressed in his 1964 essay "Schizophrenia &amp; 'The Book of Changes'", where he drew on his familiarity with the existential psychologists, Heraclitus, and the "I Ching". The is mentioned in the Dick novel "Lies Inc." where the protagonist mentions that he was "able to maintain contact with the stable objective so that I never forgot that what I was seeing emanated from my own psyche".

</doc>
<doc id="7051579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051579" title="Huldah Gates">
Huldah Gates

The Huldah Gates (, "Sha'arei Hulda") were one of the Gates of the Old City of Jerusalem leading into the Jerusalem Temple compound in the Hasmonean period and were named as such in the Mishnah. The term is currently being used for the remains of two later sets of gates, the Triple Gate and the Double Gate, known together as the Huldah Gates, built as part of the much extended Herodian Temple Mount, situated in Jerusalem's Old City. Both sets of gates were set into the Southern Wall of the Temple compound and gave access to the Temple Mount esplanade by means of underground vaulted ramps. Both were walled up in the Middle Ages.
The western set is a double-arched gate (the Double Gate), and the eastern is a triple-arched gate (the Triple Gate). There still are a few Herodian architectural elements visible outside and inside the gates, while most everything else of what we see today is later, Muslim-period work.
Etymology.
The name "Huldah gates" is taken from the description of the Temple Mount in the Mishnah (Tractate of Midot 1:3).
Two possible etymologies are given for the name: "Huldah" means "mole" or "mouse" in Hebrew, and the tunnels leading up from these gates called to mind the holes or tunnels used by these animals. Alternatively, in a possible folk etymology, the First Temple prophetess Huldah was said to have held court in this area and, indeed, her tomb was placed here by some as well.
Identification.
Accepted opinion amongst scholars is that the Mishna's description (see under Etymology) refers to the sanctified area of the Temple Mount in the Hasmonean period. Therefore, calling the gates found in the current southern wall "Huldah" would be an anachronism, as the base of that wall is part of Herod's post-Hasmonean extension of the Temple Mount.
Archaeology.
The 19th century excavations of the area by Charles Warren discovered an erratic series of passageways under the triple gate, some leading below the wall and beyond the Mount's southern edge. The purpose and age of these passages are unknown, and more recent archaeologists have not been allowed to investigate due to the political volatility of the site. The passageways from both gates are now used by the waqf as mosques.
Description.
Both the Double and Triple Gates of the Herodian time allowed access to the Temple Mount esplanade via a vestibule followed by underground vaulted ramps. They have both been blocked since the Middle Ages, and the underground access routes have been partially or fully reconstructed during the Umayyad and later reconstructions and repair work.
Double Gate.
The Double Gate was blocked by the construction of a medieval tower in front of it, probably during Fatimid era. Today a small library is established within the remains of this medieval-era fortification tower. Of what we see today, which is part of the right (eastern) gate, the lintel and the relieving arch above it are Herodian, while the intricately carved cornice is Umayyad. Only the eastern portal of the twin, now blocked, gate is partially visible today.
Inside the Double Gate there is a vestibule with large columns (at least three) supporting two pairs of domes. The central columns and two more flanking the steps are Herodian, and have recently been reinforced with concrete frames. The domes though seem to be from an early seventh-century (Early Muslim) reconstruction.
When the Al-Aqsa Mosque was built, the old steps were blocked, and the eastern aisle lengthened so that new steps from its end would exit north of the mosque, so essentially the exit on the Temple Mount moved eastwards somewhat. The mosque's al-Khataniyya Library was also established in the remains of the Fatimid-era fortification tower, today entered through the western portal of the twin gate.
Triple Gate.
The Triple Gate was blocked in the 11th century. The western jamb is Herodian, while the rest of what we see today is Umayyad.
Inside the Triple Gate, in Herodian times there must have been a passageway identical to the one inside the Double Gate. Its remains now connect to the so-called "Solomon's Stables", initially a pillared Herodian substructure of his enlarged Temple esplanade, with some Herodian elements still visible, but repeatedly repaired and rebuilt over the centuries and used since 1996 as a mosque.
The interior of the Triple Gate is similar to that of the Double Gate, though the longer aisle is to the west, and its third aisle, on the east, forms the western boundary of the vaulted area known as "Solomon's Stables".

</doc>
<doc id="7051584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051584" title="JavaEE">
JavaEE



</doc>
<doc id="7051593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051593" title="Protestant Church in Hesse and Nassau">
Protestant Church in Hesse and Nassau

The Protestant Church in Hesse and Nassau (, EKHN) is a United Protestant church body in the German federal states of Hesse and Rhineland-Palatinate. There is no bishop and therefore no cathedral. One of its most prominent churches is Katharinenkirche in Frankfurt am Main.
Dating back to the union in the Duchy of Nassau in August 1817, before the Prussian Union of September 1817, it is the first United and uniting church in the world. The EKHN is a full member of the Protestant Church in Germany (EKD), and is based on the teachings brought forward by Martin Luther during the Reformation. The Church President is Christiane Tietz. She succeeded (2009-2025). It is a united church, combining both Calvinist and Lutheran traditions. Member of the Reformed Alliance in Germany. The Protestant Church in Hesse and Nassau is one of 20 churches in the EKD, has 1,446,971 members in 1,184 parishes (December, 2020). The territory of the EKHN includes the territories of the former People's State of Hesse and the Prussian Wiesbaden Region, which now form the southern and western part of the German federal state of Hesse and portions of the German federal state of Rhineland-Palatinate (Rhenish Hesse). It's the most important Protestant denomination in this area. The church is a member of the Community of Protestant Churches in Europe.
Management and Administration.
Institutions of the EKHN are the Church Synod, the church leadership and the church president, who is elected by the General Synod for eight years.
History.
The Protestant Church of Hesse and Nassau was founded in 1946 and 1947 through a merger of three other formerly independent churches: Protestant Church in Hesse, Protestant Church in Nassau, Protestant Church in Frankfurt.
Academy.
The church ran an Evangelical Academy in , which was moved to Frankfurt in 2013.
Practices.
Ordination of women and blessing of same-sex unions were allowed in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="7051594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051594" title="Nandi Award for Best Male Playback Singer">
Nandi Award for Best Male Playback Singer

The Nandi Award for Best Male Playback Singer was commissioned in the year 1977. S. P. Balasubrahmanyam holds the successful record of winning the most Nandi Awards in this category: 19. From 2004 onwards, this award was known as Ghantasala Venkateswararao Award for Best Male Playback Singer.

</doc>
<doc id="7051596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051596" title="17 Reasons... (album)">
17 Reasons... (album)



</doc>
<doc id="7051601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051601" title="La La (Alani Vásquez)">
La La (Alani Vásquez)



</doc>
<doc id="7051606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051606" title="2005 Royal Air Force Hercules shootdown">
2005 Royal Air Force Hercules shootdown

On 30 January 2005 a Royal Air Force Lockheed C-130K Hercules C1, serial number "XV179", callsign Hilton 22, was shot down in Iraq, probably by Sunni insurgents, killing all 10 personnel on board. At the time, the incident was the largest single loss of life suffered by the British military during Operation Telic.
The Board of Inquiry report in December 2005 identified the lack of a fire-suppressant system as a contributory factor. In September 2006, the British Channel 4 News aired an article criticising the Ministry of Defence for having fitted only one C-130 Hercules with a foam fire-suppressant system. The RAF had ordered a retrofit of this system to all front-line C130 aircraft, a system which could well have prevented the loss of aircraft "XV179" and its crew.
Attack.
On 30 January 2005, Hercules "XV179" of No. 47 Squadron RAF took off from Baghdad at 1624 local time. It was to fly at low level to Balad to deliver freight and the single passenger, Squadron Leader Marshall. Another supernumerary service person on board was a Survival Equipment Fitter. Everyone on board was on active service. Six minutes later, it was reported that the aircraft had a fire on board with the Royal Signals signaller, L/Cpl Jones (the only non-RAF service person aboard) stating: "No duff, no duff, We are on fire, we are on fire!" It was confirmed that the aircraft was "missing" at 16:55 local time (13:55 Zulu time in the report).
American Apache helicopters located the crash site 45 minutes after the distress call, which was located north west of Baghdad. As the site was in a hostile area, the priority was for the recovery of the passengers and crew, personal effects and classified material. To that end, a team of USAF PJs was scrambled to search for survivors and secure the site. Part of the right hand wing was found to have separated from the body of the aircraft, and it was located south-southwest of the main crash site. The Board of Inquiry (BoI) investigating team travelled to the crash site 65 hours after the loss of the aircraft. They were only able to spend a short time at both sites due to local hostilities with a cordon and security being provided by 150 United States Marine Corps personnel. The BoI team had all the remaining wreckage dragged into a canal to deter further looting by locals. The tailfin of the aircraft was destroyed on site on orders of the BoI team, to prevent its use as a backdrop in propaganda videos.
G Squadron of the 22nd SAS Regiment immediately began hunting down the insurgents responsible, after a long intelligence operation, supported by US JSTARS, that led to operations later in that year in which the SAS captured some of those responsible. By 3 February, the site had been looted and the wreckage taken; it was decided not to attempt to recover the wreckage from the looters.
Those killed were eight crew from No. 47 Squadron, based at RAF Lyneham in Wiltshire; another RAF serviceman and one soldier.
Board of Inquiry.
The Board of Inquiry was convened on 31 January 2005 and reported in August. Without witnesses, no in-flight data recorder (ADR) and lacking evidence, the investigation worked by eliminating possible causes for the crash and then analysing remaining possibilities. The Board came to the conclusion that the aircraft had been shot down by ground fire; a projectile had penetrated the starboard wing fuel tank, causing a fire in the wing, the subsequent explosion leading to the loss of 23 ft of wing including the aileron. Therefore, the aircraft became uncontrollable and crashed. The Board found that there were contributory factors: flying low in daylight, lack of fire retarding technology in the fuel tanks, and a lack of up-to-date information on threats in the area. It was later discovered that two American Black Hawk helicopters had been targeted by surface-to-air missiles in the region where the Hercules was shot down. This information was not passed on to the crew of the Hercules because the Intelligence Officer in the area was unaware of the Hercules' presence, let alone the flight plan that had been filed for its journey.
The aircraft was fitted with various defences including a Directional Infra-Red Countermeasures system, flares, chaff and a missile warning system.
An internal RAF investigation concluded that a foam suppressant system might have prevented the loss of the aircraft and that "as a matter of urgency" all aircraft exposed to such risks should be so fitted, at a cost of £600,000 each.
Controversy.
Most United States Air Force (USAF) Hercules aircraft were fitted with Explosion Suppressant Foam (ESF) since the Vietnam war. Similarly, the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Hercules aircraft were fitted with the foam system in 2004. Pilots from these air forces serving on exchange had expressed grave concerns about the safety of RAF Hercules, as did some RAF pilots, such as Squadron Leader Chris Seal who had written a memo in 2002 detailing lessons learned in Afghanistan and the necessity to fit ESF in all Hercules aircraft. As an example, one USAF aircraft was shot 19 times while overflying Iraq, but managed to land safely because of the ESF. However, most accepted that there was a degree of military risk in their jobs, and like Steady and his crew, got on with it. At the inquest, an Air Force witness who remained unidentified and was called 'EA' admitted that he had sacked a US Air Force pilot who had refused to carry out daylight low flying.
Air Marshal Sir John Baird, writing to a relative of a killed serviceman, called the situation a national disgrace. He said fitting the foam system now was "too little, too late". The later Chief of the Air Staff, Sir Glenn Torpy, writing to a relative of one killed, stated that all British servicemen are given all necessary safety equipment for their mission and that "until the loss of XV179, the Hercules aircraft was not judged vulnerable to this kind of attack". It was also noted in a Channel 4 programme that XV179 was not the first Hercules flying in Iraq to be hit in the fuel tank by ground fire.
No-one from the MOD was available to be interviewed by Channel 4 News, though a statement was issued:
Inquest.
An inquest was opened in April 2008 and was presided over by the Wiltshire Coroner, David Masters, who delivered his verdict 22 October of the same year. His narrative verdict recorded that the men had died as a result of "unlawful killing by terrorist insurgents". He also found that the Royal Air Force and the Ministry of Defence let the families down by their failure [to fit the ESF] and accused them both of having "serious systemic failures".
The president of the Board of Inquiry, Wing Commander John Reid, gave evidence in court to the effect that while he considered the lack of fitting the ESF to aircraft was bad enough, the fact that intelligence reports had not been properly disseminated to the crew was a "failure of intelligence", which he regarded as a bigger blunder.

</doc>
<doc id="7051617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051617" title="Carnival Splendor (ship)">
Carnival Splendor (ship)



</doc>
<doc id="7051623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051623" title="Grégory Bettiol">
Grégory Bettiol

Grégory Bettiol (born 30 March 1986) is a retired French footballer who played as a striker.
Career.
Olympique Lyonnais.
Born in Villefranche-sur-Saône, Bettiol was trained in the youth sections and player development program of Olympique Lyonnais from the age of 14. He was known by the club's followers for his prowess in the ranks of the Olympique Lyonnais' junior "amateur" team, playing in the CFA 2. In April 2006, it was announced by Olympique Lyonnais' president Jean-Michel Aulas that he would sign a one-year professional contract with the club alongside fellow young hope and France U-18 international Mourad Benhamida.
He had scored 16 goals in 21 appearances at the attack for his side captained by Benhamida and helped them win the second division "Amateur" Championship to get promoted in the CFA.
Bettiol was considered part of the young generation of promising players formed by Olympique Lyonnais who were signed by the club (sometimes before being sold to other outfits) like Jérémy Berthod, Karim Benzema, Hatem Ben Arfa, Mourad Benhamida, Bryan Bergougnoux, and Jérémy Clément.
Troyes.
Bettiol was sold to Troyes AC at a fee of €330,000. He made his debut for Troyes in their 1–0 win over Guingamp coming on as a substitute. Bettiol scored his first goal on 24 August 2007 in Troyes' 2–0 win over Bastia.
Clermont Foot.
On 30 January 2013, he signed a two and a half contract with Ligue 2 club Clermont Foot.

</doc>
<doc id="7051630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051630" title="S.P. Balu">
S.P. Balu



</doc>
<doc id="7051644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051644" title="Western Wall Tunnels">
Western Wall Tunnels



</doc>
<doc id="7051653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051653" title="Elon Hogsett">
Elon Hogsett

Elon Chester "Chief" Hogsett (November 2, 1903 – July 17, 2001) was a professional baseball pitcher who threw with a left-handed submarine motion. He played in Major League Baseball from 1929 to 1938 plus a final season in 1944, appearing in 330 games, 114 as a starter, compiling a 63–87 win–loss record with a 5.02 earned run average (ERA). He spent parts of nine seasons with the Detroit Tigers and pitched in the World Series in and .
Early years.
Hogsett was born in 1903 on a farm in Ness County, Kansas. His parents were divorced in 1905, and his father moved to Illinois. His mother remarried in 1907 to Harry Cranston. His stepfather was an abusive alcoholic, and Hogsett left home when he was 14 years old, moving to Brownell, Kansas.
He pitched for the Brownell high school team and later for town teams, including one from Ness City, Kansas. He claimed to have developed his submarine pitching delivery as a result of his fondness for throwing stones underhanded as a boy. He later recalled, "I never passed a rock that I didn't pick up and throw somewhere." He reportedly ran the 100-yard dash in 10 seconds flat while in high school. He also attended Bethany College where he played college football as a back.
Professional baseball.
Minor leagues and the "Chief" nickname.
Hogsett began playing professional baseball in 1925 for the Oklahoma-based Cushing Refiners in the Southwestern League. It was there that he was given the nickname "Chief." Hogsett recalled that his roommate was a full-blooded Kiowa Native American, and because of that, Hogsett was given the nickname. Hogsett offered a different account to a reporter in 1989, stating he was given the nickname while working as a bellhop in a hotel.
Although press accounts during his playing days sometimes referred to him as a "full-blooded Indian", Hogsett later claimed to be only one-thirty-second Cherokee, "maybe more", on his mother's side. During his major league career in Detroit, Hogsett was reportedly greeted with "war whoops" by the fans at Navin Field when he took the mound. While use of his nickname was not uncommon in print, contemporary newspapers mostly used his given name, Elon.
At the end of the 1925 season, the Detroit Tigers acquired his contract and assigned him to the Toronto Maple Leafs of the International League. He was subsequently sent to the lower minor leagues where he played in 1926 with the Fort Worth Panthers of the Texas League and the Marshall Snappers of the East Texas League, in 1927 with the Decatur Commodores of the Illinois–Indiana–Iowa League and the Wheeling Stogies of the Middle Atlantic League, and in 1928 with the Evansville Hubs of the Illinois–Indiana–Iowa League.
Montreal.
In 1929, he returned to Double-A baseball with the Montreal Royals of the International League, compiling a 22–13 record with a 3.03 earned run average (ERA) in 37 games. While playing for Montreal, the local Iroquois tribe held a ceremony at the baseball park during which Hogsett was installed as "Chief Ranantasse", meaning "Chief Strong Arm", of the Six Nations Iroquois Confederacy. He became the most popular player on the Montreal club and was rated as the best left-handed pitcher in the International League.
Detroit Tigers.
In August 1929, the Detroit Tigers acquired Hogsett from Montreal. He reported to the Tigers in September and made his major league debut on September 18. He appeared in four games, all as a starter, compiling a 1–2 record with a 2.83 ERA.
He appeared in 33 games for the Tigers in 1930 (17 of them as a starter), compiling a 9–8 record with a 5.42 ERA. He also led the American League with nine batters hit by pitch. Interviewed years later, Hogsett said: "Did I throw at hitters? Not at their heads. I'd throw at their feet or their knees. That was part of the game back then. The good hitters expected it. Of course, some took exception to it."
In 1931, Hogsett was hampered by a sore arm, compiled an 8–5 record in 22 games for Detroit, and spent part of the season rehabilitating with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
He had his best season in 1932, appearing in a career-high 47 games (15 as a starter) with an 11–9 record. He ranked among the American League leaders that year in with a 3.54 ERA (seventh), an Adjusted ERA+ of 133 (third), 47 games at pitcher (tied for fourth), seven saves (third), 28 games finished (second), and a 2.73 range factor per nine innings as pitcher (fifth).
In 1933, Hogsett became almost exclusively a relief pitcher, appearing in 45 games, only two as a starter. He led the American League with 34 games finished and finished the season with a 6–10 record and a 4.50 ERA.
Hogsett added a sidearm delivery to his pitching repertoire in 1934. That year, he appeared in 26 games, all in relief, with a 3–2 record and 4.29 ERA. He helped he Tigers win the American League pennant. In the 1934 World Series, Hogsett shined, appearing in three games, finished two of them, and compiled a 1.23 ERA.
He helped the Tigers win a second consecutive pennant in 1935. That year, Hogsett appeared in 40 games, all in relief, and led the American League with 30 games finished. He compiled a 6–6 record with a 3.54 ERA and an Adjusted ERA+ of 118. In the 1935 World Series, he appeared in one game, allowing no hits and no runs.
St. Louis Browns.
Hogsett began the 1936 season with the Tigers, but, following an injury to Detroit first baseman Hank Greenberg, Hogsett was traded in late April to the St. Louis Browns in exchange for first baseman Jack Burns. In St. Louis, manager Rogers Hornsby decided to use Hogsett as a starting pitcher. On being told of his new assignment, Hogsett was "all but dumbfounded." He told Hornsby he had not started a game in three years and was concerned that his arm was not capable of pitching nine innings.
Hogsett started 29 games and led the 1936 Browns' pitching staff with 13 wins. He compiled a 5.52 ERA and led the American League's pitchers with six errors and 15 batters hit by pitch. The following year, he started 26 games with a 6.29 ERA and ranked second in the American League with 19 losses.
Washington Senators.
In December 1937, the Browns traded Hogsett to the Washington Senators in exchange for pitcher Ed Linke. Hogsett appeared in 31 games, nine as a starter, for the 1937 Senators, compiling a 5–6 record and a 6.03 ERA. In December 1938, he was sold to the Boston Red Sox, but did not appear in any games for the club.
American Association.
Hogsett continued pitching for six more years in the American Association. Between 1939 and 1941, he had strong seasons with the Minneapolis Millers, compiling a three-year record of 50–29. He played for the Indianapolis Indians in 1942 and split the 1943 season between Indianapolis and Minneapolis.
Brief return to the Tigers.
In 1944, with personnel depleted due to World War II, Hogsett attempted a comeback with the Detroit Tigers. At age 40, he was the ninth oldest player in Major League Baseball that year. He made three relief appearances totaling innings without allowing an earned run and appeared in his final major league game on June 3, 1944. On June 4, 1944, the Tigers released Hogsett to the Minneapolis Millers. He finished the season with the Millers, compiling a 5–7 record and a 6.83 ERA.
In 330 career games in the American League, Hogsett threw 1,222 innings with 114 games started, 160 games finished, and 33 saves. He also posted a .226 batting average (91-for-403) with 46 runs, six home runs and 27 RBIs.
Family and later years.
Hogsett was married in 1928 to Mabel Edith Wilson. They had two children: Virginia, born in 1935, and Stanley Gordon, born in 1940. Hogsett and Mabel remained married until Mabel's death in 1980.
After retiring from baseball, Hogsett worked as a sporting goods salesman. He later moved back to Kansas and worked for many years as a traveling liquor salesman. He lived in Hays, Kansas. After moving to a rest home, Hogsett died in 2001 at age 97.

</doc>
<doc id="7051658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051658" title="The Troubles in Ballynahinch (Down)">
The Troubles in Ballynahinch (Down)



</doc>
<doc id="7051661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051661" title="Chennakeshava Temple, Belur">
Chennakeshava Temple, Belur

Chennakeshava Temple, also referred to as Keshava, Kesava or Vijayanarayana Temple of Belur, is a 12th-century Hindu temple in, Hassan district of Karnataka state, India. It was commissioned by King Vishnuvardhana in 1117 CE, on the banks of the Yagachi River in Belur, an early Hoysala Empire capital. The temple was built over three generations and took 103 years to finish. It was repeatedly damaged and plundered during wars, repeatedly rebuilt and repaired over its history. It is 35 km from Hassan city and about 220 km from Bengaluru.
Chennakesava ("lit", "handsome Kesava") is a form of the Hindu god Vishnu. The temple is dedicated to Vishnu and has been an active Hindu temple since its inception. It is reverentially described in medieval Hindu texts, and remains an important pilgrimage site in Vaishnavism. The temple is remarkable for its architecture, sculptures, reliefs, friezes as well its iconography, inscriptions and history. The temple artwork depicts scenes of life in the 12th century, dancers and musicians, as well as a pictorial narration of Hindu texts such as the "Ramayana", the "Mahabharata" and the Puranas through numerous friezes. It is a Vaishnava temple that reverentially includes many themes from Shaivism and Shaktism, as well as images of a Jina from Jainism and the Buddha from Buddhism. The Chennakeshava temple is a testimony to the artistic, cultural and theological perspectives in 12th-century South India and the Hoysala Empire rule.
The Belur temple complex, along with the nearby Hoysaleswara Temple at Halebidu and the Keshava Temple at Somanathapura, was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2023 as part of the Sacred Ensembles of the Hoysalas.
Location.
The Chennakeshava Temple is located in Belur taluk in Hassan district of the Indian state of Karnataka. It is about northwest of Hassan. The temple is about from Halebidu temple. Belur has no nearby airport, and is about west of Bengaluru (IATA Code: BLR), about 3.5 hours drive accessible with a four lane NH75 highway. Hassan is the closest city near Belur that is connected by railway network to major cities of Karnataka.
The Chennakeshava Temple is an active Hindu temple and a major Vaishnava pilgrimage site. It is located on the banks of Yagachi River (also called Badari River in historic texts), a tributary of Hemavati River.
History.
The Hoysala period of South Indian history began about 1000 CE and continued through 1346 CE. In this period, they built around 1,500 temples in 958 centres. Belur is called Beluhur, Velur or Velapura in old inscriptions and medieval era texts. It was the early capital of the Hoysala kings. The city was so esteemed by the Hoysalas that it is referred to as "earthly Vaikuntha" (Vishnu's abode).
One of the Hoyasala kings was Vishnuvardhana, who came to power in 1110 CE. He commissioned the Chennakeshava temple dedicated to Vishnu in 1117 CE, a temple considered as one of "five foundations" of his legacy. According to Dhaky – a scholar of Indian temple architecture and temple history, this temple reflects the rising opulence, political power, deep spiritual dedication to Sri Vaishnavism of Ramanujacharya, and it is his "magnum opus". The main temple is called "Vijaya-Narayana" and the smaller temple next to it built by his queen Santala Devi is called "Chennakesava" in the inscriptions of his era, but these two temples are now called the Chennakesava temple and Chennigaraya temple respectively.
The main Chennakeshava temple at Belur was complete and consecrated in 1117 CE, though the complex continued to expand over 100 some years. Vishnuvardhana moved his capital to Dorasamudra, (also referred to as Dvarasamudra, now Halebidu), famous for the Hoysaleswara Temple dedicated to Shiva. Its construction continued till he died in 1140 CE. His legacy was continued by his descendants who completed the Hoysaleswara Temple in 1150 CE, and other temples about 200 kilometers away such as the Chennakesava Temple, Somanathapura in 1258 CE. The Hoysalas employed many noted architects and artisans who developed a new architectural tradition, which art historian Adam Hardy calls the "Karnata Dravida" tradition.
The Hoysala Empire and its capital was invaded, plundered and destroyed in the early 14th century by Malik Kafur, a commander of the Delhi Sultanate ruler Alauddin Khalji. Belur and Halebidu became the target of plunder and destruction in 1326 CE by another Delhi Sultanate army. The territory was taken over by the Vijayanagara Empire. The Hoysala style, states James C. Harle, came to an end in the mid 14th century, when Hoysala king Veera Ballala III was killed in a war with the Muslim Madurai Sultanate followed by his son.
Inscriptions.
Historians have found 118 inscriptions in the temple complex, dated between 1117 CE to the 18th century, which provide a history of the temple, the grants made to the Chennakeshava temple for its upkeep and the repairs during later times.
Description.
The Chennakeshava complex at Belur consists of a 443.5 feet by 396 feet court with several Hindu temples and minor shrines inside a walled compound. The compound is entered from the east through a Gopuram added during the repairs of the Vijayanagar empire era. The temples and monuments found inside the walled complex are:
The complex has many other small monuments and features, such as the "ane-bagilu" or "elephant's gate" just south of the gopuram and a memorial of past destruction in the form of pillars and statues in the northwestern part of the complex.
Main temple: Kesava.
The temple is a "ekakuta" "vimana" design (single shrine) of 10.5 m by 10.5 m size. It combines elements of North Indian Nagara and South Indian Karnata style architecture. The temple stands on an open and wide platform designed to be a circumambulatory path around the sanctum. The temple and platform were without walls and the platform surrounded an open "mantapa", following the contour of the temple. A visitor would have been able to see the ornate pillars of the open "mantapa" from the platform. Later walls and stone screens were added, creating an enclosed vestibule and mantapa, providing security but creating too much dark to appreciate the artwork inside. The vestibule connects the circumambulatory platform to the "mandapa" (hall). There is intricate and abundant artwork both on the outside and inside the temple.
The temple has a simple Hoysala plan and features one sanctum. The building material used in the Chennakesava temple is chloritic schist, more commonly known as soapstone. It is soft when quarried and allows artists to more easily carve details. Over time the material hardens. This Hoysala temple, according to the art critic and historian Settar, deployed the Western Chalukyan artists and their tradition that originally developed in Aihole, Badami and Pattadakal. It is simpler than later Hoysala temples (including the Hoysaleswara temple at Halebidu and the Keshava temple at Somanathapura).
Platform.
The temple is built on a "jagati" (literally, "worldly"), a symbolic worldly platform with a wide walking space for circumambulation ("pradakshina-patha"). There is one flight of steps leading to the "jagati" and another flight of steps into the "mantapa". The "jagati" provides the devotee the opportunity to do a "pradakshina" around the temple before entering it. The "jagati" carefully follows the staggered square design of the "mantapa" and the star shape of the shrine.
Exterior walls.
The visitor sees numerous artwork during the circumambulation of the temple over the "jagati" platform in horizontal bands. The bottom band is of elephants with different expressions, as symbolic supporters of the entire structure. Above it is an empty layer, followed by cornice work with a periodic lion face. Above it is another band of scroll and then cornice band, except at the back of the temple where a row of horsemen in various riding positions are depicted.
The fifth carved band is of small figurines, mostly females with various expressions facing the viewer, while periodically the band includes Yakshas who face towards the inside of the temple. This layer also has numerous dancers and musicians, as well as professionals with their tools. The band above has pilasters between some of which are carved secular figures mostly females and couples. A nature and creepers band wraps the temple above the pilaster band, with scenes of the "Ramayana" epic included in this band. Above this layer are scenes from common life depicting kama, artha and dharma. Included here are couples in courtship, eroticism and sexual scenes, followed by couples with children, economic and festive activities. Towards the north outer wall, friezes with scenes from the "Mahabharata" are portrayed.
Above these bands is later construction that added 10 perforated stone windows and screens to north side and 10 to the south side of the temple. The later artists engraved Purana scenes in ten of these later additions, and the other ten have geometric floral designs. The perforated screens with characters show:
Above the perforated screens, on capitals of the supporting pillars, are "madanakai" (Salabhanjika) figures. There were originally 40 "madanakai", of which 38 have survived in damaged or good form. Two of these are Durga, three huntresses (with bow), others are dancers in "Natya Shastra" abhinaya mudra (acting posture), musicians, women dressing or doing make up, a woman with a pet parrot, men making music. A majority of these "madanakai" figures are also carved into miniatures in the sixth band of the outer wall around the "pradakshina patha".
The wall also features 80 large reliefs around the temple. Of these 32 are of Vishnu, 9 of his avatars (Narasimha, Varaha, Vamana, Ranganatha, Balarama); 4 of Shiva in various forms including Nataraja (with or without Parvati); 2 of Bhairava (Shiva); 2 of Harihara (half Shiva, half Vishnu); 4 of Surya (Sun god); 5 of Durga and Mahishasuramardini; 1 of Kama and Rati; 1 of Ganesha, Brahma, Saraswati, Garuda and Chandra. Other major reliefs are of Arjuna shooting an arrow to win Draupadi; Ravana lifting the Kailasha; Daksha, Bali and Sukracharya.
Some of the statues present exceptional details. For example, one "madanakai" figure is shown with a fruit tree canopy, where a small fly is shown sitting on the fruit and nearby a lizard is preparing to pounce on the fly. In another, an eagle is shown attacking a "sarabha", which in turn is attacking a lion, which in turn is pouncing on an elephant, which itself is seizing a snake, which in turn is shown in the act of swallowing a rat – a sight that includes a pondering sage. Secular life is shown in these images, such as an artist making a drawing or musicians lost in their music. A notable image is the depiction of 12th century Rudra-vina and a Lasya dance posture. Also included is the image of a Jina of Jainism.
The outer wall on the side of the eastern entrance into the temple inside shows Bhairava and Durga. The outer wall on the side of the southern entrance into the temple shows Tandavesvara and Brahmani. The outer sides at the northern entrance into the temple show Vishnu and Mahishasuramardini.
Interior.
The Chennakesava temple has three entrances and their doorways have decorated sculptures called "dvarapalaka" (doorkeepers) on either side. The central hall ("navaranga") was originally open on all sides except the west where the sanctum is, but all sides were later closed with perforated screens. This reduced the amount of light significantly and the intricate art work is difficult to appreciate without secondary light. The artwork starts on entry to the three entrances to the hall. Each leads to raised verandas on both sides. The hall has carved pillars with a large domed ceiling in the center. The "mandapa" has 60 "bays" (compartments).
The "navaranga" in Kesava temple at Belur is the largest of any Hoysala temple, is of "triratha" diamond-shaped layout, according to James Harle.
Pillars and ceiling.
The navaranga hall has forty eight pillars. All except the central four are carved in a unique way. The central four are later additions, added in 1381 CE during the Vijayanagara Empire era, to support the internal structure of a damaged temple. The pillars are of three sizes. Two pillars are particularly notable. One is the so-called Narasimha pillar which is carved with miniature figures from top to bottom, such as a tiny bull ("kadale basava"). The local legend states that this pillar once could rotate because of how it was supported, but it no longer can be rotated. The other pillar is the Mohini pillar. Other than the female avatar of Vishnu, the pillar has eight bands of carvings, including those of Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva, then ten avatars of Vishnu, the eight direction deities, mythical animals with the body of a lion but the face of other wildlife. The four central pillars are notable for having been hand carved while the others were lathe turned.
In the center of the hall is a large open square, above which is a domed ceiling about 10 feet in diameter and 6 feet deep. At the top is a lotus bud with Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva carved on it. At the bottom of the dome is a series of friezes with the "Ramayana" story. On the capitals of the four pillars are "madanikas" ("Salabhanjika"). One represents dancing Saraswati, the Hindu god of knowledge, arts and music. The others are regular dancers, but with different expressions. One is dressing her hair, the other in a Natya posture, and the fourth has a parrot seated on her hand. The head and neck jewelry made of rock are freely mounted and can be moved. The bracelets similarly are moveable. The design of the ceiling follows the Hindu texts, and is a modified "utksipta" style with images placed in concentric rings.
Other reliefs inside the hall include large images of Vishnu avatars, friezes of the Vedic and Puranic histories, and more scenes of the "Ramayana".
Sanctum.
The mandapa leads to the "garbha griya" past the pillars and a doorway. The door is flanked by "dvarapala", Jaya and Vijaya. Its pediment has Lakshminarayana in center. Below it are musicians playing 12th-century musical instruments. On the side are two "makaras" with Varuna and Varuni together riding on them. Inside the square sanctum is the image of Keshava, or as inscriptions call it "Vijayanarayana". It stands on a 3 feet high pedestal, is about 6 feet high with a halo. It has four hands, with chakra and shankha in the upper hands and a gada and lotus in his lower hands. The halo has cyclical carving of the ten avatars of Vishnu – Matsya, Kurma, Varaha, Narasimha, Vamana, Parasurama, Rama, Krishna, Buddha and Kalki. The temple is active house of worship, with Keshava dressed and decorated, priests present and devotees doing darshana.
Superstructure.
The temple had a tower, which was repeatedly damaged and destroyed, rebuilt and restored. In the 19th-century restorations, the temple was left without a tower. According to Foekema, the tower when it existed would have been of the "Bhumija" style when it existed and not the regular star shaped tower that followed the shape of the "vimana". The "Bhumija" towers, which are intact on the miniature shrines at the entrance of the hall are actually a type of "nagara" (North Indian) tower, being curvilinear in shape. This shape of tower is quite uncommon in pure Dravidian architecture.
Artists.
Some of the Hoysala artists signed their work in the form of inscriptions. In doing so, they sometimes revealed details about themselves, their families, guilds and place of origin. Stone inscriptions and copper plate inscriptions provide more information about them. Ruvari Mallitamma was a prolific artist to whom more than 40 sculptures are attributed. Dasoja and his son Chavana who were from Balligavi in modern Shimoga district made important contributions. Chavana is credited with the work on five "madanikas" and Dasoja accomplished four of them. Malliyanna and Nagoja created birds and animals in their sculptures. Artists such as Chikkahampa and Malloja are credited with some of the sculptures in the "mantapa". These artists also contributed to the artwork found in other major Hoysala temples found within 50 kilometers of Belur.

</doc>
<doc id="7051665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051665" title="Welcome to the drama club">
Welcome to the drama club



</doc>
<doc id="7051672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051672" title="Deathtank">
Deathtank



</doc>
<doc id="7051686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051686" title="Death tank zwei">
Death tank zwei



</doc>
<doc id="7051690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051690" title="Starfish Software">
Starfish Software

Starfish Software was founded in 1994 by Philippe Kahn and Sonia Lee, as a spin-off from the Simplify business unit from Borland and Kahn's severance from Borland. It was located in Santa Cruz, California.
Starfish developed intellectual property for device synchronization, especially for wireless devices. TrueSync was the first over-the-air synchronization system. Starfish was acquired by Motorola for $325 million in 1998.
The outspoken founding couple founded another company, LightSurf, in the same year, to develop mobile phone photograph technology.
In 2000, the company helped start the SyncML Initiative to standardize synchronization communication protocols.
In March 2003, Starfish was acquired by Pumatech in San Jose, California, which was headed by turn-around CEO Woodson Hobbs.
Pumatech later changed its name to Intellisync, and was acquired by Nokia in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="7051691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051691" title="ZCODEC">
ZCODEC



</doc>
<doc id="7051692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051692" title="Nandi Award for Best Choreographer">
Nandi Award for Best Choreographer

The Nandi Award for Best Choreographer winners since 1985:

</doc>
<doc id="7051693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051693" title="Deathtank zwei">
Deathtank zwei



</doc>
<doc id="7051697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051697" title="ZCodec">
ZCodec



</doc>
<doc id="7051703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051703" title="Colin Robertson (fur trader)">
Colin Robertson (fur trader)

Colin Robertson (July 27, 1783 – February 4, 1842) was an early Canadian fur trader and political figure. Born in Scotland, for much of his adult life he was engaged in the North American fur trade, working at different times for the North West Company and the Hudson's Bay Company. He led the Hudson's Bay Company expedition to Lake Athabasca.
The fur trade competition between the two companies was fierce and largely unregulated. While working with the North West Company, Robertson fought a duel with a fellow Nor'Wester. Later, when working for the Hudson's Bay Company, he faced criminal charges for having seized the fort of the Nor'Westers in the Red River colony, but was acquitted by a court in Lower Canada. On a later expedition, he was twice captured by Samuel Black of the North West Company, who planned to charge him with attempted murder. Robertson escaped both times, fled to the United States, and returned to England. After the death of his financial patron, Lord Selkirk, Robertson had to flee to France to avoid imprisonment for debt; he eventually worked out a bankruptcy agreement where he paid his creditors two shillings on the pound, before returning to the fur trade. 
While engaged in the fur trade, Robertson married Theresa Chalifoux, a Métis woman. Contrary to the contemporary attitudes to such marriages, he treated his wife with respect and tried to integrate her into the fur-trading social life. They had at least one son, also named Colin, whom Robertson ensured had a good education in England.
Following the merger of the two companies in 1821, Robertson worked for the Hudson's Bay Company throughout Rupert's Land and the Canadian north-western territory. In 1832, he had a paralyzing stroke, from which he never fully recovered. In 1840, he retired to Montreal. He was elected to the first Parliament of the Province of Canada in 1841, but died in early 1842 when he was thrown from his sleigh.
Early life.
Robertson was born in Perth, Scotland in 1783, the son of William Robertson and Catherine Sharp. The family was engaged in the hand-weaving trade. Robertson was originally apprenticed in Scotland as a hand-weaver, but abandoned his apprenticeship when the trade collapsed from competition by the weaving mills. He emigrated to New York City, where he found work in a grocery store.
At some point before 1803, he had joined the North West Company, a leading fur-trading company based in Montreal. He gained considerable experience about the fur trade, travelling and working in Rupert's Land and the north-western territory. During his time with the North West Company, he fought a duel with a fellow Nor'Wester, John MacDonald of Garth. In 1809, Robertson left the North West Company and travelled to England, where he became a merchant at Liverpool.
Fur trade in Rupert's Land and the North-western territory.
While in England, Robertson approached the management of the Hudson's Bay Company with plans to expand their trading network inland, to the area around Lake Athabasca, putting economic competition on the North West Company. In 1814, he returned to Canada in the employ of the Hudson's Bay Company, with instructions to carry out his plan. He organised the first overland HBC expedition from Montreal to the north-west, leading a large collection of experienced French-Canadian fur-trading voyageurs. Robertson was charismatic, over six feet tall, red-haired, fond of quoting Shakespeare, and with considerable self-confidence and generosity, necessary to lead groups of men in the wilderness of the fur trade. One of his sayings was "When you're with wolves, howl!" He knew the country well, and the practices of the North West Company. He was successful in establishing the HBC in the Athabasca country, which put enough economic pressure on the North West Company that they eventually had to merge with the HBC some years later.
When Robertson arrived in the Red River Colony (now Manitoba) in 1815, he found that the North West Company traders had burnt many of the buildings and driven the Red River settlers away. Robertson led the settlers back to Red River and worked out an accommodation with the Nor'Westers, although he twice seized their fort, Fort Gibraltar, during the negotiations. He also rebuilt the HBC fort, Fort Douglas, which had been burnt down by the Nor'Westers.
Robertson was unable to come to an agreement with Robert Semple, the new governor of Assiniboia, about Robertson's plan to stop the supplies of the Nor'Westers, particularly pemmican, on which the traders depended. Robertson travelled to York Factory on Hudson's Bay, intending to return to England. While waiting for a ship to England, he heard that Semple and twenty of his men had been killed in an affray with the Nor'Westers at the Battle of Seven Oaks, part of the Pemmican War. By August 1817, Robertson was back in Montreal. Jailed for a short time, he stood trial on charges arising from his seizure of Fort Gibraltar. He was acquitted in the spring of 1818.
Robertson then led a new HBC expedition to the Athabasca country. He was taken prisoner twice by Samuel Black of the North West Company, who planned to charge him with attempted murder, but he escaped both times, fled to the United States, and returned to England. Lord Selkirk, who had been guaranteeing Robertson's business debts, had died and Robertson was forced to flee to France to avoid being imprisoned for debt. He went into bankruptcy, paying his creditors two shillings on the pound.
In 1821, the Hudson's Bay Company and the North West Company merged and Robertson became a chief factor in the new company. Now that the two companies were no longer competing, men of action were valued less by the company than those with administrative skills. He held various positions in Rupert's Land and the north-west.
At some point Robertson had married Theresa Chalifoux, a Métis woman. He treated her with respect but the HBC governor, George Simpson, was disdainful of the relationship, based on his racial views. In 1825, Robertson travelled to England to provide for the education of their eldest son, also named Colin. The tension between Robertson and Simpson broke into the open when Robertson tried to introduce his wife into the small social life of the Red River colony in 1831, leading to a major quarrel between the two men.
Robertson planned to retire but in 1832 he had a paralyzing stroke, from which he never fully recovered. He continued to hold down positions with the HBC, intermittently. He received a final payout from the company in 1840, and retired to Montreal.
Political life.
In 1837, there were rebellions in both Lower Canada and Upper Canada. The British government decided to merge the two provinces into a single province, as recommended by Lord Durham in the Durham Report. The "Union Act, 1840", passed by the British Parliament, abolished the two provinces and their separate parliaments. It created the Province of Canada, with a single Parliament for the entire province, composed of an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council. The Governor General initially retained a strong position in the government.
The first general elections for the new Legislative Assembly were held in the spring of 1841. Robertson stood for election for the riding of Two Mountains, located in the rural area to the north-west of Montreal. He campaigned in support of the union, as did his opponent, Charles John Forbes. Robertson was elected.
The first session of the new Parliament was convened in Kingston, Upper Canada, in September 1841. The major issue was the response to the union. One of the leaders of the French-Canadian Group, John Neilson, brought a motion which condemned the way the union had been imposed on Lower Canada. Robertson voted against the motion and in favour of the union. Neilson's motion was defeated. Robertson was a consistent supporter of the Governor General, Lord Sydenham, for the rest of the session.
Death.
Robertson died in Montreal in 1842 after an accident where he was thrown from his sleigh. He did not leave a large estate, having used his pay-out from the Hudson's Bay Company to pay off the mortgage on his house in Montreal, and having spent considerable sums on the election campaign the previous year.
In the resulting by-election, his opponent from the general election, Forbes, was elected.
Legacy.
Mount Robson, on the border between British Columbia and Alberta, is likely named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="7051712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051712" title="Temple Beth-El (Birmingham, Alabama)">
Temple Beth-El (Birmingham, Alabama)

Temple Beth-El is a Conservative synagogue located in Birmingham, Alabama, in the United States. Founded in 1907, Temple Beth-El is a member of the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism. Temple Beth-El is the only Conservative-affiliated synagogue in Birmingham, and one of only four Conservative synagogues in Alabama.
Rabbi Steven Henkin has served as rabbi since July 2022.
History.
The first Jews arrived in Birmingham in 1873. They were attracted there by potential business opportunities in this burgeoning coal and ore center of the South. In 1881, a dozen families gathered for the first Rosh Hashanah services which were held in a private home. The 1880s saw a great influx of Jewish newcomers to Birmingham. In 1882, Temple Emanu-El was formally incorporated. With a membership of 100 families, the Reform congregation dedicated its first synagogue building in 1889.
An embryonic Orthodox congregation, Knesseth Israel, erected its first synagogue in 1903 to serve the large number of immigrants coming from Eastern Europe. The third synagogue in Birmingham, Temple Beth-El, was chartered in 1907 as a second Orthodox-affiliated congregation. This group became a part of the Conservative movement in 1944.
Temple Beth-El's current sanctuary was built in 1926 and the facility is located at 2179 Highland Avenue on the Southside of Birmingham. Renovations in the 1990s added a cultural center and classrooms, and further renovations were completed in the 2000s (decade) to the sanctuary, chapel, and social hall. Temple Beth-El is one of the few Conservative synagogues in the United States to have its own mikvah.
Currently, Temple Beth-El serves approximately 600-700 Jewish families in the Birmingham area. Other affiliations include a chapter of Sisterhood (affiliated with the national Women's League for Conservative Judaism), a Men's Club (affiliated with the Federation of Jewish Men's Clubs) and youth groups active within the umbrella organization United Synagogue Youth. 
Hillel Norry served as interim rabbi from June 2021 until July 2022. Rabbi Steven Henkin was installed in January 2024.
Involvement in the Civil Rights era.
The 1950s and 1960s were a period of upheaval in Birmingham as protesters and police often clashed in the streets during the civil rights movement, including the bombings of religious institutions. On April 28, 1958, 54 sticks of dynamite were placed outside Temple Beth-El in a bombing attempt. Police reported that the burning fuses were doused by heavy rainfall, preventing the dynamite from exploding. Although the crime was never solved, police considered Bobby Frank Cherry, later convicted of bombing the Sixteenth Street Baptist Church, to be a suspect.
The Beth El Civil Rights Experience.
In January 2024, an immersive exhibit opened at Temple Beth El exploring the intersection between the Jewish community and the Civil Rights Movement. The exhibit is part of a broader initiative to recognize the 1958 attempted bombing at Temple Beth El and build “connections to foster ongoing acts of "tikkun olam", repairing the world.”

</doc>
<doc id="7051713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051713" title="The Squirrel">
The Squirrel

"The Squirrel" is a jazz standard composed by Tadd Dameron. The song has been recorded by several notable artists including Miles Davis, who first recorded the song in 1951 (released in 2004 on the CD "Birdland 1951"). Davis also recorded a studio version of the song which has been released on various compilation albums.
Other artists who have recorded "The Squirrel" include Chet Baker, Ray Barretto, Art Blakey, Kenny Clarke, Dameronia, Lou Donaldson, Lord Jamar, Dexter Gordon, Wardell Gray, Lars Gullin, Scott Hamilton, Hampton Hawes, Jutta Hipp, Andy LaVerne, Fats Navarro, Hod O'Brien, Charlie Parker, Zoot Sims, and Martial Solal.

</doc>
<doc id="7051719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051719" title="C-0">
C-0



</doc>
<doc id="7051723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051723" title="Hazard and operability study">
Hazard and operability study

A hazard and operability study (HAZOP) is a structured and systematic examination of a complex system, usually a process facility, in order to identify hazards to personnel, equipment or the environment, as well as operability problems that could affect operations efficiency. It is the foremost hazard identification tool in the domain of process safety. The intention of performing a HAZOP is to review the design to pick up design and engineering issues that may otherwise not have been found. The technique is based on breaking the overall complex design of the process into a number of simpler sections called "nodes" which are then individually reviewed. It is carried out by a suitably experienced multi-disciplinary team during a series of meetings. The HAZOP technique is qualitative and aims to stimulate the imagination of participants to identify potential hazards and operability problems. Structure and direction are given to the review process by applying standardized guideword prompts to the review of each node. A relevant IEC standard calls for team members to display 'intuition and good judgement' and for the meetings to be held in "an atmosphere of critical thinking in a frank and open atmosphere ["sic"]."
The HAZOP technique was initially developed for systems involving the treatment of a fluid medium or other material flow in the process industries, where it is now a major element of process safety management. It was later expanded to the analysis of batch reactions and process plant operational procedures. Recently, it has been used in domains other than or only loosely related to the process industries, namely: software applications including programmable electronic systems; software and code development; systems involving the movement of people by transport modes such as road, rail, and air; assessing administrative procedures in different industries; assessing medical devices; etc. This article focuses on the technique as it is used in the process industries.
History.
The technique is generally considered to have originated in the Heavy Organic Chemicals Division of Imperial Chemical Industries (ICI), which was then a major British and international chemical company.
Its origins have been described by Trevor Kletz, who was the company's safety advisor from 1968 to 1982. In 1963 a team of three people met for three days a week for four months to study the design of a new phenol plant. They started with a technique called "critical examination" which asked for alternatives but changed this to look for "deviations". The method was further refined within the company, under the name "operability studies", and became the third stage of its hazard analysis procedure (the first two being done at the conceptual and specification stages) when the first detailed design was produced.
In 1974 a one-week safety course including this procedure was offered by the Institution of Chemical Engineers (IChemE) at Teesside Polytechnic. Coming shortly after the Flixborough disaster, the course was fully booked, as were ones in the next few years. In the same year the first paper in the open literature was also published. In 1977 the Chemical Industries Association published a guide. Up to this time the term 'HAZOP' had not been used in formal publications. The first to do this was Kletz in 1983, with what were essentially the course notes (revised and updated) from the IChemE courses. By this time, hazard and operability studies had become an expected part of chemical engineering degree courses in the UK.
Nowadays, regulators and the process industry at large (including operators and contractors) consider HAZOP a strictly necessary step of project development, at the very least during the detailed design phase. 
Method.
The method is applied to complex processes, for which sufficient design information is available and not likely to change significantly. This range of data should be explicitly identified and taken as the "design intent" basis for the HAZOP study. For example, a prudent designer will have allowed for foreseeable variations within the process, creating a larger design envelope than just the basic requirements, and the HAZOP will be looking at ways in which this might not be sufficient.
A common use of the HAZOP is relatively early through the detailed design of a plant or process. However, it can also be applied at other stages, including later operational life of existing plants, in which case it is usefully applied as a revalidation tool to ensure that unduly managed changes have not crept in since first plant start-up. Where design information is not fully available, such as during front-end loading, a "coarse" HAZOP can be conducted; however, where a design is required to have a HAZOP performed to meet legislative or regulatory requirements, such an early exercise cannot be considered sufficient and a later, detailed design HAZOP also becomes necessary.
For process plants, identifiable sections ("nodes") are chosen so that for each a meaningful "design intent" can be specified . They are commonly indicated on piping and instrumentation diagrams (P&amp;IDs) and process flow diagrams (PFDs). P&amp;IDs in particular are the foremost reference document for conducting a HAZOP. The extent of each node should be appropriate to the complexity of the system and the magnitude of the hazards it might pose. However, it will also need to balance between "too large and complex" (fewer nodes, but the team members may not be able to consider issues within the whole node at once) and "too small and simple" (many trivial and repetitive nodes, each of which has to be reviewed independently and documented).
For each node, in turn, the HAZOP team uses a list of standardized "guidewords" and process "parameters" to identify potential "deviations" from the design intent. For each deviation, the team identifies feasible "causes" and likely "consequences" then decides (with confirmation by risk analysis where necessary, e.g., by way of an agreed upon risk matrix) whether the existing safeguards are sufficient, or whether an "action" or "recommendation" to install additional safeguards or put in place administrative controls is necessary to reduce the risks to an acceptable level.
The degree of preparation for the HAZOP is critical to the overall success of the review. "Frozen" design information provided to the team members with time for them to familiarize themselves with the process, an adequate schedule allowed for the performance of the HAZOP, provision of the best team members for their role. Those scheduling a HAZOP should take into account the review scope, the number of nodes to be reviewed, the provision of completed design drawings and documentation and the need to maintain team performance over an extended time-frame. The team members may also need to perform some of their normal tasks during this period and the HAZOP team members can tend to lose focus unless adequate time is allowed for them to refresh their mental capabilities.
The team meetings should be managed by an independent, trained HAZOP "facilitator" (also referred to as HAZOP leader or chairperson), who is responsible for the overall quality of the review, partnered with a dedicated "scribe" to minute the meetings. As the IEC standard puts it:The success of the study strongly depends on the alertness and concentration of the team members and it is therefore important that the sessions are not too long and that there are appropriate intervals between sessions. How these requirements are achieved is ultimately the responsibility of the study leader. For a medium-sized chemical plant, where the total number of items to be considered is around 1200 pieces of equipment and piping, about 40 such meetings would be needed. Various software programs are now available to assist in the management and scribing of the workshop.
Guidewords and parameters.
Source:
In order to identify deviations, the team applies (systematically i.e. in a given order) a set of guidewords to each node in the process. To prompt discussion, or to ensure completeness, appropriate process parameters are considered in turn, which apply to the design intent. Typical parameters are flow (or flowrate), temperature, pressure, level, composition, etc. The IEC standard notes guidewords should be chosen that are appropriate to the study, neither too specific (limiting ideas and discussion) nor too general (allowing loss of focus). A fairly standard set of guidewords (given as an example the standard) is as follows:
Where a guide word is meaningfully applicable to a parameter (e.g., "no flow", "more temperature"), their combination should be recorded as a credible potential "deviation" from the design intent that requires review.
The following table gives an overview of commonly used guideword-parameter pairs (deviations) and common interpretations of them.
 
Once the causes and effects of any potential hazards have been established, the system being studied can then be modified to improve its safety. The modified design should then be subject to a formal HAZOP close-out, to ensure that no new problems have been added.
HAZOP team.
A HAZOP study is a team effort. The team should be as small as practicable and having relevant skills and experience. Where a system has been designed by a contractor, the HAZOP team should contain personnel from both the contractor and the client company. A minimum team size of five is recommended. In a large process there will be many HAZOP meetings and the individuals within the team may change, as different specialists and deputies will be required for the various roles. As many as 20 individuals may be involved. Each team member should have a definite role as follows:
In earlier publications it was suggested that the study leader could also be the recorder but separate roles are now generally recommended.
The use of computers and projector screens enhances the recording of meeting minutes (the team can see what is minuted and ensure that it is accurate), the display of P&amp;IDs for the team to review, the provision of supplemental documented information to the team and the logging of non-HAZOP issues that may arise during the review, e.g., drawing/document corrections and clarifications. Specialist software is now available from several suppliers to support the recording of meeting minutes and tracking the completion of recommended actions.

</doc>
<doc id="7051730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051730" title="Product Finder">
Product Finder



</doc>
<doc id="7051736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051736" title="Kitano High School">
Kitano High School



</doc>
<doc id="7051738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051738" title="Marty (Madagascar)">
Marty (Madagascar)



</doc>
<doc id="7051740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051740" title="D-0">
D-0



</doc>
<doc id="7051747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051747" title="Folwell, Minneapolis">
Folwell, Minneapolis

Folwell is a neighborhood in the U.S. city of Minneapolis on its northside that is bound by Dowling Avenue to the north, Dupont Avenue North to the east, Lowry Avenue North to the south, and Penn Avenue North to the west. It is part of the larger Camden community. It is located in Ward 4, represented by council member LaTrisha Vetaw.
Located within the neighborhood is the 27-acre Folwell Park. The neighborhood and park are named after the American scholar and writer William Watts Folwell.

</doc>
<doc id="7051748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051748" title="Women of the Ku Klux Klan">
Women of the Ku Klux Klan

Women of the Ku Klux Klan (WKKK), also known as Women's Ku Klux Klan, and Ladies of the Invisible Empire, held to many of the same political and social ideas of the KKK but functioned as a separate branch of the national organization with their own actions and ideas. While most women focused on the moral, civic, and educational agendas of the Klan, they also had considerable involvement in issues of race, class, ethnicity, gender, and religion. The women of the WKKK fought for educational and social reforms like other Progressive reformers but with extreme racism and intolerance. 
Particularly prominent in the 1920s, the WKKK existed in every state, but their strongest chapters were in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Indiana, and Arkansas. White, native-born, Protestant women over age 18 were allowed to join the Klan. Women of the Klan differed from Klansmen primarily in their political agenda to incorporate racism, nationalism, traditional morality, and religious intolerance into everyday life through mostly non-violent tactics.
History.
First wave.
The first wave of the WKKK began in the mid-1860s. Co-founded by Rosie Chappell, it lasted ten years. Although women were not participating members, they were often used as a symbol of racial and sexual supremacy and were protected by the men of the KKK. Some women assisted with sewing Klan costumes and others let the men borrow their own clothes to serve as a disguise. One of the stated purposes of the Klan in the first wave was that "females, friends, widows, and their households shall ever be special objects of our regard and protection", which only referred to white women. Black and low-class white women, and white women judged as promiscuous were often the victims of rape and assault because Klansmen deemed them to be "lacking in virtue".
Second wave.
The second wave began in the early 1920s. In 1923, the Women of the Ku Klux Klan was formed as an auxiliary group of the Ku Klux Klan with its capital in Little Rock, Arkansas. The Women of the Ku Klux Klan eventually became independent of the Ku Klux Klan. After gaining independence, membership of WKKK was approx 125,000. Within four months, the WKKK claimed membership had doubled to 250,000 and by November 1923 thirty-six states had chapters of Women of the Ku Klux Klan. Like the Klan, they were anti-Jewish, anti-Catholic, anti-immigrant, and anti-black. Although they were not as violent as their male counterparts, the KKK, they sometimes resorted to violent tactics. Similar to the original Klan, the Women of the Ku Klux Klan published their own creed, or "Kreed", in 1927 that outlined the goals and beliefs of the organization. By the end of the decade, the Klan collapsed rapidly as a result of economic depression, internal battles, and financial scandals.
During the 1920s, the women helped the Ku Klux Klan expand their efforts throughout the country. The WKKK functioned separately from the KKK but it would join them in parades, social functions, and occasional meetings. To qualify for membership, one had to be a native-born, white Protestant woman. The WKKK drew its members from both rural and urban areas of the country.
Mary Elizabeth Tyler was an Atlanta public-relations professional who, along with Edward Young Clarke, founded the Southern Publicity Association. Their organization helped to turn the initially second Ku Klux Klan into a mass-membership organization with a broader social agenda. Elizabeth Tyler once stated, “the women’s organization will be on par with that of the men. We plan that all women who join us shall have equal rights with that of the men.” However, she also mentioned that “the women’s division...will not be in any sense a dependent auxiliary of the Ku Klux Klan. It will be a separate organization...bound to the parent organization.”
Third wave.
Women played a minor role during the third wave, which occurred during the late 1960s and early 1970s. KKK members consisted largely of men living in the rural South who had little formal education or money. Much of their violence was aimed at African Americans. Women no longer played a prominent role as they were integrated into the Ku Klux Klan.
Modern wave.
The fourth and "modern" wave emerged in the late 1980s. With women participating as full members of the Klan, they could serve as leaders and come from a range of social and economic classes. The modern wave has been primarily fueled by economic, racial, and religious motives.
Recruitment.
During the wave of the 1920s, activism was strongest due to the efforts of women's suffrage. Many members were related to Klansmen. Some women joined the WKKK against the wishes of their husbands who felt it out of their partners' "wifely duty" and a rebellious attempt to increase her political power. Women also joined in an effort to preserve their white Protestant rights as they felt violated by the intrusion of immigrant and African-American voters. The WKKK hired "lecturers, organizers, and recruiters to establish new local chapters" where the KKK was especially successful. Some advertisements appealed to women by asking for their help in restoring America.
Many women joined the WKKK because they believed that it was their duty to protect their country from threats posed to it by minorities, which they believed included African Americans and immigrants. These women not only wanted to conform to the traditional familial roles of wives, mothers, sisters, and daughters, but they also wanted to assist the white supremacist movement. Some men were also looking for a way to get their wives involved in the movement and they pushed for the formation of a Women's Ku Klux Klan.
To promote their beliefs, the women used pamphlets with information about the WKKK which served as recruiting tools. Currently these pamphlets are used as research tools to see into the minds of the Klan's women since there is very little information about those involved due to security concerns within the group.
Today women are recruited to a much lesser extent than what once existed. Men hold the highest power, strongly limiting the rights of contemporary women in politics and propaganda.
Activities.
Dissimilar from the KKK, Klanswomen typically worked to strengthen the organisation, "led political assaults on non-Klan businesses", and worked to strengthen the base of the Klan. They organized rallies, festivals, and day-long ritual carnivals that involved parading through town, crossburning, and a series of lectures and speeches. They held boycotts against anti-Klan store owners. Klanswomen engaged in a number of rites of passage like Klan wedding services, christening ceremonies, and funeral services. Women of the Klan also worked to reform public schools, doing so by distributing Bibles in schools, working to have Catholic teachers fired, and running for positions on school board seats. In an effort to influence politics, Klanswomen would lobby voters and distribute negative reports on non-Klan member candidates.
Conflict amongst Klan members.
During the second wave, men and women had similar agendas but often faced conflicts regarding distribution of dues. A few situations regarding financial mismanagement and illegal practices were brought to court in Arkansas, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. Many men disagreed with allowing women into the Klan during the 1920s, because they felt it went against the beliefs of the Klan. Klansmen also disliked the ridicule they received from non-Klan members for allowing women to have a voice in politics and for bringing them outside the home, where they believed women belonged.
During the second wave of the WKKK, conflict arose when Alice B. Cloud of Dallas, Texas filed a lawsuit with two other Klan members against the head of the WKKK, Robbie Gill Comer, and her husband, claiming that they took funds from the WKKK and used them for personal use. Upon looking into the financial records of the WKKK, the court found that they had squandered almost $70,000 in funds for unnecessary renovations of the WKKK headquarters as well as for personal use. Women began to drop out of the WKKK and form other organizations of their own due to problems within the Klan, competing leadership, and financial corruption. Women were also concerned about the male Klan's increasing participation in acts of violence, and this caused them to leave the Klan.
Conflict arose during the modern wave regarding gender equity, because the Klan adheres to rules of "moral conservatism", such as its disbelief in divorce and its insistence that male authority should exist in politics as well as in the home. Many women in the modern Klan do not want their daughters to be a part of it, because they feel that women are not well respected.

</doc>
<doc id="7051756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051756" title="Shoppingtown">
Shoppingtown



</doc>
<doc id="7051761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051761" title="Pokemon cards">
Pokemon cards



</doc>
<doc id="7051763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051763" title="KCWI">
KCWI



</doc>
<doc id="7051766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051766" title="Raven Chacon">
Raven Chacon

Raven Chacon (born 1977) is a Diné composer, musician and artist. Born in Fort Defiance, Arizona within the Navajo Nation, Chacon became the first Native American to win a Pulitzer Prize for Music, for his "Voiceless Mass" in 2022.
He has also been a solo performer of noise music and worked with groups such as Postcommodity.
Life and career.
Raven Chacon was born in 1977 in Fort Defiance, Arizona, US within the Navajo Nation. He attended the University of New Mexico, where he obtained his BA in Fine Arts in 2001, then received an MFA in music composition from the California Institute of the Arts in 2004. He was a student of James Tenney, Morton Subotnick, Michael Pisaro, Wadada Leo Smith and Christopher Shultis.
Chacon's visual and sonic artwork has been exhibited widely in the U.S. and abroad. His room-sized sound and text installation, "Still Life, #3" (2015), was exhibited in the "Transformer: Native Art in Light and Sound" exhibition at the National Museum of the American Indian, New York. His collective and solo work has been presented at Sydney Biennale, Kennedy Center, the Whitney Biennial, documenta 14, Adelaide International, Vancouver Art Gallery, ASU Art Museum, Musée d'art contemporain de Montréal, the San Francisco Electronic Music Festival, the Heard Museum, Chaco Canyon, and Performance Today.
Chacon also performs in the groups KILT with Bob Bellerue, Mesa Ritual with William Fowler Collins, Endlings with John Dieterich, and collaborations with Laura Ortman. In 2016, he was commissioned by Kronos Quartet to compose a work for their "Fifty For The Future" project.
Chacon serves as Composer-in-Residence with the Native American Composers Apprenticeship Project. In 2012, he was awarded a Creative Capital Visual Arts grant. In 2014, he was honored with a Native Arts and Cultures Foundation National Artist Fellowship in Music. In 2018, Chacon was awarded the Berlin Prize by the American Academy in Berlin.
In 2022, Chacon became the first Native American to win the Pulitzer Prize for Music, which he received for his composition "Voiceless Mass".
Postcommodity.
Chacon was a member of the Native American art collective, Postcommodity, with whom he has developed multimedia installations which have been exhibited internationally. Other members include Cristóbal Martínez, Kade L. Twist, Steven Yazzie and Nathan Young. In 2017, as part of Postcommodity, Chacon created the multimedia project, "...in memoriam", in Edmonton in 2017, curated by Ociciwan Contemporary Art Collective.
Personal life.
Chacon lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and is married to Candice Hopkins, a Tagish curator. His sister Nani Chacon is a muralist.
Awards and honors.
Chacon has received numerous awards and honors for his work, including the 2022 Pulitzer Prize for Music, an American Academy in Berlin Prize (music composition), a Creative Capital award (visual arts), a United States Artists fellowship (music), a Joan Mitchell Foundation fellowship, a Native Arts and Cultures Foundation artist fellowship, among others. Chacon received the inaugural Mellon Foundation Artist-in-Residence fellowship for the Colorado Springs Fine Arts Center at Colorado College. In October 2023, Chacon was named a MacArthur Fellow.

</doc>
<doc id="7051768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051768" title="Marvin The Tap Dancing Horse">
Marvin The Tap Dancing Horse



</doc>
<doc id="7051769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051769" title="Seabag">
Seabag



</doc>
<doc id="7051793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051793" title="Alcide Ghiggia">
Alcide Ghiggia



</doc>
<doc id="7051797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051797" title="Commission on Interracial Cooperation">
Commission on Interracial Cooperation

The Commission on Interracial Cooperation (1918–1944) was an organization founded in Atlanta, Georgia, December 18, 1918, and officially incorporated in 1929. Will W. Alexander, pastor of a local white Methodist church, was head of the organization. It was formed in the aftermath of violent race riots that occurred in 1917 in several southern cities. In 1944, it merged with the Southern Regional Council.
History.
In spite of its official "interracial" title, the commission was formed primarily by liberal white Southerners. It was formed in response to the increasing unrest amongst black Americans during the post World War I period. According to internal documents the CIC believed that WWI had "changed the whole status of race relationships," and that blacks had grown resolved to obtain "things hitherto not hoped for".
They identified three types of Southern Blacks—leaders who were "openly rebellious, defiant and contemptuous", leaders who were "thoughtful educated Negro leaders", and the "great mass of uneducated Negroes". They wanted to increase the popularity of the "thoughtful" leaders who advocated for "patience" by reducing some of the most aggravating features of white supremacy.
The organization worked to oppose lynching, mob violence, and peonage and to educate white southerners concerning the worst aspects of racial abuse. The key leaders of the commission included Tuskegee Institute president Robert R. Moton, New York investment banker George Foster Peabody, Virginia governor Harry F. Byrd, Wake Forest College president William Louis Poteat, and Georgia industrialist John J. Eagan. Belle Harris Bennett, leader of the Southern Methodist Women's Missionary Council, created the CIC's Woman's Work Department. The commission was based in Atlanta but had other committees throughout the South. By the 1920s there were some eight hundred local interracial committees associated with this commission. The Commission did some prominent work in modifying racial contacts by preventing race riots and providing the African American population of the South with schools. However, the commission did not directly address segregation and its sociological results.
Results and final years.
Before the Commission was created, there were 83 lynchings; ten years later (1929) this number dropped to ten. Through the work of this commission, African Americans and whites had meetings to confer about African Americans' problems, a gradually increasing group on both sides learned the goals and sympathies of each other. In 1930, financial troubles attributable to the Great Depression led the commission leaders to rethink the programs that were in effect. They chose to abandon much of their fieldwork to concentrate more heavily on research. In 1944, a number of conferences led to the establishment of the Southern Regional Council. Many interracial movement leaders agreed that the Commission on Interracial Cooperation programs were out of date, and they supported the commission's merger with the Southern Regional Council. The Commission on Interracial Cooperation had clearly helped prepare the South to enter a new phase in the movement towards racial justice in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="7051798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051798" title="Food Products Association">
Food Products Association

The Food Products Association (formerly the National Food Processors Association or NFPA) was the principal U.S. scientific and technical trade association representing the food processing industry until 2007. FPA was headquartered in Washington, D.C., with branches in Dublin, CA, and Seattle, WA. The association emphasized governmental and regulatory affairs, scientific research, technical assistance, education, communications, and crisis management.
History.
FPA started in 1907 as the National Canners Association. It became the National Food Processors Association in 1978 and the Food Products Association in 2005.
Throughout its work as the National Canners Association for much of the 20th century, this trade organization substantially developed the market for processed food in the United States through the use of scientific expertise to build consumer trust. 
On January 1, 2007, FPA merged with the "Grocery Manufacturers Association" and formed the world's largest trade association representing the food, beverage, and consumer products industry, the "Grocery Manufacturers Association/Food Products Association", abbreviated "GMA/FPA".
On January 1, 2008, the association rebranded using the name "Grocery Manufacturers Association," and FPA's former Seattle, Washington office became independently incorporated under the name "Seafood Products Association". In 2020, the "Grocery Manufacturers Association" rebranded as Consumer Brands Association (CBA).

</doc>
<doc id="7051801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051801" title="Historical United States Census totals for Windham County, Connecticut">
Historical United States Census totals for Windham County, Connecticut



</doc>
<doc id="7051809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051809" title="Racing Simulation 3">
Racing Simulation 3

RS3: Racing Simulation 3 is an racing video game developed by Ubi Soft Paris and published by Ubi Soft. It is a sequel to "Monaco Grand Prix: Racing Simulation 2". It was released for Microsoft Windows in December 2002. A PlayStation 2 port was released in October of the next year, albeit exclusively in Europe.
Gameplay.
"Racing Simulation 3" is a genericized approximation of the real life Formula One, but it lacks any officially licensed materials. Drivers and teams are given generic names. Track layouts are often authentic to real-world counterparts, but they are usually attributed to neighboring countries. For example, the Albert Park Circuit in Melbourne, Australia is instead located in New Zealand. 
Despite the previous title being named for the Monaco Grand Prix, "Racing Simulation 3" lacks any representation of the Circuit de Monaco. 

</doc>
<doc id="7051811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051811" title="Zip codec">
Zip codec



</doc>
<doc id="7051814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051814" title="Sit-down hydrofoil">
Sit-down hydrofoil

The sit-down hydrofoil, first developed in the late 1980s, is a variation on water skiing, a popular water sport. When towed at speed, by a powerful boat or some other device, the board of the hydrofoil 'flies' above the water surface and generally avoids contact with it, so the ride is largely unaffected by the wake or chop of the water and is relatively smooth. The air board is a modified hydrofoil where the skier stands up.
History.
Hydrofoils date back to the early 1900s, however, they were not part of a recreational sport. While the first hydrofoil boat was created in 1906 by Italian inventor Enrico Forlanini, the first waterski hydrofoil was invented in the early 1960s by Walter Woodward, an aeronautical engineer, with two skis attached to a bi-wing hydrofoil. In 1972, Mike Murphy and Bob Woolley added a bi-wing hydrofoil to a surfing kneeboard, then reduced the bi-wing to a single wing. Murphy and Woolley then applied the concept to sit-down hydrofoil, with Woolley riding the first "Sit Ski" in 1984. After various material changes, including the addition of a seat belt to keep rider and ride together and prevent separation collisions, they sold their first "Air Chair" in 1990. Advancements in materials and hydrofoil design have created stronger rigs, gentler rides (shock absorbers in the seat), more maneuverability, and boards that combine sit-down and stand-up (air board) for surfing.
Use.
Unlike water skiing or wakeboarding, a hydrofoiler's body and the board rise above the water, supported by a pair of front and rear hydrofoil wings which are still under the water. This reduces the drag of the water, allowing for both a smoother ride on rough water and a lesser need for strength.
The rider sits on the seat of the hydrofoil and is strapped in with a seat belt; their feet are strapped into bindings near the front of the board. When the rider is ready, the boat will start to tow the skier. The water flowing past the hydrofoil wings generates lift, which can be controlled by the rider to move the board up and down or side to side above the surface of the water. The rider must be centered over the post of the hydrofoil; small body movements will cause great reactions with the hydrofoil. In order to "float" upward, the rider leans back while maintaining balance to avoid pitching forward unexpectedly. To go back down, the rider leans forward or pushes down with the feet. Turning is accomplished by pointing the knees in the direction desired; the hydrofoil will follow. To jump, the rider leans even farther back. This will give the rider a somewhat stable base to perform aerial tricks, for example.
Dangers.
Submerged hazards such as trees can be struck by the hydrofoil as low as 3 feet below the surface of the water, causing the rider to fall without warning. Such a fall can be the same as colliding with an object, with the rider impacting the water or the foil. The tow rope can get tangled around the skier or equipment, creating a hazardous condition. After a fall, the skier remains strapped to the board; while it will turn upright quickly, there is always the possibility of drowning.

</doc>
<doc id="7051816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051816" title="Bronx (cocktail)">
Bronx (cocktail)

The Bronx is a cocktail. It is essentially a Perfect Martini with orange juice added. It was ranked number three in "The World's 10 Most Famous Cocktails in 1934" behind the Martini (#1) and the Manhattan (#2).
In the 1934 movie "The Thin Man", the lead actor (William Powell) compared the methods for shaking the Manhattan, the Bronx and the Martini.
History.
As with several mixed drinks invented prior to prohibition in the United States, more than one story is attributed to the creation of this cocktail.
Joseph S. Sormani.
Two sources credit Joseph S. Sormani as the person responsible for the drink.
In Sormani's "New York Times" obituary, he was credited with creating the drink:
Johnnie Solan.
According to Albert Stevens Crockett, historian of the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, the inventor of the Bronx cocktail was Johnnie Solan (or Solon). Solon, a pre-Prohibition bartender at the Manhattan hotel, was "popular as one of the best mixers behind its bar counter for most of the latter's history." This is Crockett's account of Solon's own story of the Creation of the Bronx:
Solon would have created the cocktail sometime between 1899 (when he joined the establishment) and 1906 (when the word first appeared in print.) However, a prior reference to a "Bronx Cocktail" on a New York hotel menu indicates that either the name was already in use or Solon was not the original inventor.
Bill W.'s first remembered drink.
Bill W., the founder of Alcoholics Anonymous, said that his first drink of alcohol that he could remember was the "Bronx cocktail", given to him by a "socialite" at a party during World War I. This was the beginning of his addiction to alcohol.
Other early citations.
It appears in William "Cocktail" Boothby's 1908 book The World's Drinks And How To Mix Them as
"Bronx Cocktail, a la Billy Malloy, Pittsburgh, PA.
One-third Plymouth gin, one-third French vermouth and one-third Italian vermouth, flavored with two dashes of Orange bitters, about a barspoonful of orange juice and a squeeze of orange peel. Serve very cold." Harry Craddock in The Savoy cocktail book mentions three recipes from the Bronx.
The Bronx Cocktail is mentioned in the 1934 film "The Thin Man" by Nick Charles (played by William Powell). In the film, Nick Charles states that the Bronx should be shaken to 2-step time.
Flavors.
The Bronx is flavorful and mildly sweet "fruity" drink, without being uninteresting or sticky. Though possibly inspired by the Duplex, the two drinks are not really similar at all. Cocktail columnists Gary Regan and Mardee Haidin Regan describe it as a drink where "[g]in is the base ingredient, orange juice is the mixer, and sweet and dry vermouths are added almost as an afterthought."

</doc>
<doc id="7051819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051819" title="Pcodec">
Pcodec



</doc>
<doc id="7051824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051824" title="KPWB-TV">
KPWB-TV



</doc>
<doc id="7051835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051835" title="Maple Bay, Minnesota">
Maple Bay, Minnesota

Maple Bay is an unincorporated community in Godfrey Township in central Polk County, Minnesota, United States. A community of second homes and cabins, it lies on the western end of Maple Lake, approximately six miles west of Erskine.
Maple Bay is located on a paved road which connects Mentor and U.S. Route 2 with County Road 41 en route to Fertile. The nearby lake is a summer resort and playground for residents of Crookston, Grand Forks, North Dakota and other nearby communities, and offers excellent ice fishing.
The place name dates back to 1882, when Maple Bay Post Office was established in Markham's general store. At various times, a creamery, two churches, a cheese factory, a blower factory and at least two blacksmith shops as well as several residences, were reported in the community. Since the 1920s, Maple Bay has evolved into a semi-rural residential area, usually with at least one general store catering to resort and second home residents of the area.
Local lodgings include Ulland's Resort and Campgrounds, Oak Cove Resort, Camp Shalom and Lakeview Resort Restaurant and Lounge (all listed in Mentor's yellow pages), as well as the Inn at Maple Crossing. The Maple Lake dance hall and roller rink, constructed in 1913, was no longer in business at last report.
Sources.
Olson, Roberta, "Fertile, Hub of the "Sand Hill Valley"", Fertile [Minnesota] Bicentennial Committee, 1976, pp. 49–50

</doc>
<doc id="7051837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051837" title="Easter postcards">
Easter postcards



</doc>
<doc id="7051848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051848" title="Sarah A. Hoyt">
Sarah A. Hoyt

Sarah A. Hoyt (born November 18, 1962) is a Portuguese-born American immigrant science fiction, fantasy, mystery, and historical fiction writer. She won the 2011 Prometheus Award for Best Libertarian SF Novel for her science fiction novel "Darkship Thieves", and the 2018 Dragon Award for Best Alternate History Novel for "Uncharted", which she co-authored with Kevin J. Anderson. She has written under the noms de plume Sarah D'Almeida, Elise Hyatt, Sarah Marques, Laurien Gardner, and Sarah Marques de Almeida Hoyt. She was the leader of the Sad Puppies campaign in the year that it ceased nominating candidates.
Biography.
Sarah de Almeida was born on November 18, 1962, in the village of Granja, Águas Santas, Maia and grew up in Porto, Portugal. Educated in both Portugal and the United States, she graduated from University of Porto, with a Master's equivalent in Modern Languages and Literatures with a major in English and a minor in German. She also speaks Swedish, Italian and French, with varying degrees of fluency. Married in 1985 to Dan Hoyt (a science fiction author and mathematician), she has two sons. She became a United States citizen in 1988 in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Writing.
Hoyt says "no genre is safe from me." She has more than 30 novels in science fiction, fantasy, mystery, and historical. The first book in her Shakespearean fantasy series, "Ill Met by Moonlight" was a finalist for the 2002 Mythopoeic Fantasy Award.
Her Musketeers series begins with "Death of a Musketeer", a Mystery Book Club selection, and includes three other titles from Berkley Prime Crime.
Her favorite genre, however, remains science fiction, and Hoyt is a prolific writer. Her short stories are in "Analog", "Asimov's", "Weird Tales", and anthologies from DAW and Baen. Her shapeshifter series include "Draw One in the Dark" and "Gentleman Takes a Chance", urban fantasy adventures, from Baen Books. Also from Baen Books is her Darkship series beginning with "Darkship Thieves", winner of the Prometheus Award for libertarian science fiction.
The British Empire series takes place in a parallel world, where history from Charlemagne to Queen Victoria parallels ours but is actuated through the workings of magic and not by science and technology. The series consists of three books: "Heart of Light", set in Victorian Africa; "Soul of Fire" unfolds in India; and "Heart and Soul" in the chaos of 19th century China.
Under the house name "Laurien Gardner", she has "Plain Jane" for "Jove Books Historical Fiction". She also edited the anthology "Something Magic This Way Comes".
She has a series of mysteries centered on furniture re-finishing under the pen name Elise Hyatt. These stories are set in the same city of Goldport, Colorado as her shifter series, with some characters appearing in both series.
Her novel "Uncharted" with Kevin J. Anderson won the Dragon Awards for Best Alternate History Novel in 2018. A review in "Locus" described it as "filled with not only slambang adventures but also a kind of rational optimism... rare in genre works these days."
More recently, she was featured on a podcast, "The Future and You". Produced by Stephen Euin Cobb, the show featured Sarah de Almeida Hoyt, David Drake, Alan Dean Foster, Travis Taylor, and Stephen L Antczak. She was Guest of Honor at the 2019 LibertyCon.
Hoyt is a regular contributor to the Instapundit blog and The Libertarian Enterprise (ncc-1776.org).
Bibliography.
All works released under the name "Sarah A. Hoyt" unless otherwise noted. Series are listed alphabetically.
Furniture Refinishing series.
Works in this mystery series were released under "Elise Hyatt".
Musketeers series.
Works in the Three Musketeers series were released under "Sarah D'Almeida".
Vampire Musketeers series.
Works in this series were released under "Sarah Marques".
Awards and honors.
Hoyt has received the following awards and honors:

</doc>
<doc id="7051853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051853" title="Inkvine">
Inkvine



</doc>
<doc id="7051856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051856" title="Enmore, NSW">
Enmore, NSW



</doc>
<doc id="7051857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051857" title="Riverdale CI">
Riverdale CI



</doc>
<doc id="7051859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051859" title="Escape from Unwish Island">
Escape from Unwish Island



</doc>
<doc id="7051861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051861" title="Cos Cob School">
Cos Cob School



</doc>
<doc id="7051862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051862" title="Riverdale Collegiate">
Riverdale Collegiate



</doc>
<doc id="7051876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051876" title="Alsophila fagildei">
Alsophila fagildei



</doc>
<doc id="7051877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051877" title="Cairncastle Presbyterian Church">
Cairncastle Presbyterian Church



</doc>
<doc id="7051884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051884" title="Cyathea fagildei">
Cyathea fagildei



</doc>
<doc id="7051891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051891" title="Vortex dynamics">
Vortex dynamics



</doc>
<doc id="7051899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051899" title="Publicly listed">
Publicly listed



</doc>
<doc id="7051913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051913" title="Paracuellos, Cuenca">
Paracuellos, Cuenca

Paracuellos is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 136.

</doc>
<doc id="7051915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051915" title="Radilgy Generic">
Radilgy Generic



</doc>
<doc id="7051923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051923" title="Carryall (Dune)">
Carryall (Dune)



</doc>
<doc id="7051926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051926" title="La Parra de las Vegas">
La Parra de las Vegas

La Parra de las Vegas is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 56.

</doc>
<doc id="7051931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051931" title="Debt coverage ratio">
Debt coverage ratio



</doc>
<doc id="7051933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051933" title="Brainage">
Brainage



</doc>
<doc id="7051937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051937" title="El Pedernoso">
El Pedernoso

El Pedernoso is a municipality in Cuenca, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. It has a population of 1,268.

</doc>
<doc id="7051941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051941" title="Skillman, New Jersey">
Skillman, New Jersey

Skillman is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Montgomery Township, in Somerset County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2010 United States Census, the CDP's population was 242.
The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08558. However, the Skillman postal address covers an area significantly larger than the Skillman CDP. The Skillman postal address services approximately half of the and approximately 23,000 residents comprising Montgomery Township. The small CDP designated as Skillman and the much larger area known as Skillman based on the post office delivery area (which encompasses the Skillman CDP), are not the same.
The Skillman postal area is home to Johnson &amp; Johnson's Consumer Products division and Bloomberg L.P. Financial's offices.
All of the public school buildings (elementary, middle and high schools) for Montgomery Township are located in the Skillman postal area.
History.
Skillman is named after the Skillman family. The first Skillmans were Dutch, but lived in England before moving to Brooklyn in 1664, according to family accounts. In 1729, Thomas Skillman ventured westward, buying some of farmland on the Millstone River, near the village of Rocky Hill, for his sons, Jan and Isaac. That purchase was the Skillman family's entry into Montgomery. The Skillman area got its name when the railroads arrived in the 1870s, according to the Skillman family. Joseph A. Skillman, was a teamster who owned "wild Missouri mules," according to family accounts. When railroad workers were trying to lay tracks, their horses got bogged down in thick, clay mud, and Joseph A. Skillman came to the rescue with his mules. Railroad officials also socialized at the home of another Skillman nearby, and the new train station was named for the family. A post office opened in the station and a small village, with a hay press, feed store and hardware store, sprouted around it. It took the Skillman name, too. (While the train station is gone, remnants of the village still exist at the spot where Camp Meeting Avenue and Skillman Road meet. A clay and sculpting supply business occupies some of the buildings.) Also in Skillman was the sprawling New Jersey State Village for Epileptics, a complex opened around 1900 that had its own dairy, laundry, and movie theater. Visitors would arrive by train. Skillman was a busy little country place. There were 1,637 residents in Montgomery in 1910, compared with more than 23,000 now, according to Census data. The community now has more traffic, fewer farms and more houses (specifically developments).
In 2011, Montgomery Township sold what remained of the North Princeton Developmental Center (also known as Skillman Village) to Somerset County in order for the village to be demolished.
Geography.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP had a total area of 1.476 square miles (3.824 km2), including 1.466 square miles (3.798 km2) of land and 0.010 square miles (0.026 km2) of water (0.69%).
Demographics.
2010 census.
The 2010 United States census counted 242 people, 87 households, and 72 families in the CDP. The population density was . There were 99 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup was 91.32% (221) White, 0.41% (1) Black or African American, 0.41% (1) Native American, 2.48% (6) Asian, 0.00% (0) Pacific Islander, 2.89% (7) from other races, and 2.48% (6) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.20% (15) of the population.
Of the 87 households, 35.6% had children under the age of 18; 72.4% were married couples living together; 8.0% had a female householder with no husband present and 17.2% were non-families. Of all households, 12.6% were made up of individuals and 6.9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.78 and the average family size was 3.06.
23.1% of the population were under the age of 18, 3.3% from 18 to 24, 20.2% from 25 to 44, 38.8% from 45 to 64, and 14.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 47.0 years. For every 100 females, the population had 98.4 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older there were 91.8 males.
Notable people.
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Skillman include:

</doc>
<doc id="7051945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051945" title="Green GDP">
Green GDP



</doc>
<doc id="7051948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051948" title="Dam Mast Qalandar">
Dam Mast Qalandar



</doc>
<doc id="7051954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051954" title="D-6">
D-6



</doc>
<doc id="7051957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051957" title="D-7">
D-7



</doc>
<doc id="7051965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051965" title="Cogitor">
Cogitor



</doc>
<doc id="7051972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051972" title="Must Qalandar">
Must Qalandar



</doc>
<doc id="7051980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051980" title="With Portfolio">
With Portfolio



</doc>
<doc id="7051981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051981" title="D-9">
D-9



</doc>
<doc id="7051995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7051995" title="Higher Dimensions">
Higher Dimensions



</doc>
<doc id="7052018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052018" title="Aichhalden">
Aichhalden

Aichhalden is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Geography.
Geographical location.
Aichhalden is located in the east of the Black Forest. It's around 640 to 720 meters above sea level. It borders on Schiltach, Fluorn-Winzeln, Alpirsbach, Schramberg and Schenkenzell.
Structure.
The municipality consists of 2 villages: Aichhalden and Rötenberg.
History.
Aichhalden was first mentioned in 1223. Spiritual and secular rulers alternated until the place as part of the Schramberg rule came to the Swabian foothills of the Habsburgs in 1579 and, apart from a Württemberg interlude in 1633/34, remained ante-Austrian until 1805. In 1806 Aichhalden finally came to the Kingdom of Württemberg and in 1810 was assigned to the Oberamt Oberndorf. During the district reform during the Nazi era in Württemberg, Aichhalden came to the newly founded district of Rottweil in 1938.
Before 1933, the current suburb of Aichhalden consisted of the two municipalities of Vorder- and Hinteraichhalden, which were almost independent and made important decisions and decisions separately.
In 1945 Aichhalden became part of the French zone of occupation and thus came to the newly founded state of Württemberg-Hohenzollern, which merged with the state of Baden-Württemberg in 1952.
In the course of the municipal reform, the previously independent municipality of Bach and Altenberg was incorporated into Rötenberg on January 1, 1969. The incorporation from Rötenberg to Aichhalden took place on July 1, 1974. On January 1, 1975, the residential areas Lienberg and Brambach belonging to Aichhalden with 250 inhabitants and 330 hectares were reclassified to Schramberg.

</doc>
<doc id="7052024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052024" title="Bösingen, Baden-Württemberg">
Bösingen, Baden-Württemberg

Bösingen is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Geography.
Geographical location.
Bösingen is located in Upper Neckar valley between the Black Forest and the Swabian Jura.
Neighboring communities.
The municipality is bordered to the south by Villingendorf and the Rottweil exclave Hochwald, on the west by Dunningen, north by Schramberg and Oberndorf am Neckar and on the east by Epfendorf.
Municipality arrangement.
The municipality Bösingen belonged formerly to independent municipality Herrenzimmern. For former municipality Herrenzimmern includes the village Herrenzimmern and the homestead Stittholzhof. In the hamlet Herrenzimmern the Burgstall Lußburg/Nußburg and lying proofs of the abandoned village Hinterhofen can be found.
History.
Municipality Bösingen was newly formed on 1 October 1974 by the association of Bösingen and Herrenzimmern.
Museums.
Farmer museum in Bösingen
Buildings.
The ruins Herrenzimmern in the district Herrenzimmern is above the upper Neckar valley. 
Regular events.
Swabian-Alemannic Fastnacht
Large village festival (annually, alternately in Bösingen and Herrenzimmern)
Economy and Infrastructure.
The 81 connects Bösingen to the north with the state capital Stuttgart and to the south with the Lake Constance region and Switzerland. The exit Oberndorf am Neckar is located halfway between Stuttgart and Lake Constance. Both destinations can be reached within one hour. The railway line Stuttgart - Zürich - Milan leads through nearby Rottweil. There are hourly connections from there to Stuttgart or Singen.

</doc>
<doc id="7052030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052030" title="Deißlingen">
Deißlingen

Deißlingen (Swabian: "Deißlinge") is a municipality of the district of Rottweil of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
History.
In 1802–03, Deißlingen, a possession of the Free Imperial City of Rottweil, and Lauffen ob Rottweil, a property of Rottenmünster Abbey, were mediatized to the Electorate, later Kingdom, of Württemberg. Deißlingen was assigned to a newly organized Oberamt , and Lauffen to . Lauffen joined Deißlingen in Rottweil's jurisdiction on 27 October 1810. The district was reorganized on 1 October 1938 as Landkreis Rottweil, to which the two towns were still assigned. On 1 January 1974, Lauffen was incorporated into Deißlingen and a new municipality formed.
Geography.
The municipality ("Gemeinde") of Deißlingen covers of the Rottweil district of Baden-Württemberg, which assigns Deißlingen to the metropolitan area of Villingen-Schwenningen, Tuttlingen, and Rottweil. Deißlingen is physically located in a transitional landscape between the muschelkalk-keuper plateaus of the to the north, the Swabian Jura to the east, and the Baar to the south. Elevation above sea level in the municipal area ranges from a high of Normalnull (NN) at the border with Tuttlingen district to a low of NN on the Neckar as it forms the border with Rottweil.
The forested slopes of the Neckar and Mückenbach river valleys were declared in 1953. They were joined in 1990 by the .
Politics.
Deißlingen has two boroughs ("Ortsteile"): Deißlingen and Lauffen.
Coat of arms.
The municipal coat of arms for Deißlingen shows a blue "wolfsangel" upon a field of yellow, with a black bar at the top containing a yellow stag antler, a clear reference to Württemberg. The wall anchor is a motif associated with Lauffen ob Rottweil's as early as 1780. This coat of arms is a combination of those of the towns of Deißlingen and Lauffen, with a change made to the chief to comply with the rule of tincture. The Rottweil district office approved the official use of the coat of arms and issued a corresponding municipal flag on 10 December 1981.

</doc>
<doc id="7052037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052037" title="Dietingen">
Dietingen

Dietingen is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Geography.
Dietingen is located in the Upper Neckar valley between the Black Forest and the Swabian Jura in 544–623 meters altitude, about five kilometers away from the town of Rottweil.
Neighboring communities.
The municipality borders to Epfendorf, on the east to Rosenfeld and Zimmern unter der Burg in the Zollernalbkreis, in the south to the county town Rottweil and in the west to Villingendorf.
Municipality arrangement.
The municipality Dietingen includes the formerly independent municipalities Böhringen, Gößlingen, Irslingen and Rotenzimmern.
In the hamlet of Irslingen is situated Burgstall Tierstein respectively castle Wildeck.
Tourism.
Tourist trains on weekends in the summer.
About Schömberg and Balingen the station Rotenzimmern can be reached over a wheel hiking shuttle from Tübingen. (free bicycle transport on weekends and holidays in the summer). The Hohenzollerische Landesbahn reaches with coupled railcars from Tübingen to Kleinengstingen the Upper Danube Nature Park and continues by bus till the starting point of the Schlichem hiking trail in Tieringen. Since 2015 an early train allows full-day excursions. Less experienced hikers can divide the Schlichem hiking trail in stages.
Freeman.
Franz Müller, mayor, received at its adoption in January 1968, the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany. 

</doc>
<doc id="7052040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052040" title="Dunningen">
Dunningen

Dunningen (Swabian: "Dunninga") is a town in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Dunningen.
Geography.
Dunningen is located at the centre of the administrative district of Rottweil in the south western part of Baden-Wuerttemberg, Germany. The village is located in the shell limestone area between the Black Forest and the Swabian Alps on a strip of open country that crosses the district from north to south and that is mainly used for agriculture.
It is located on the eastern slope of the central part of the Black Forest, which borders on the "Oberen Gäuen" in the west.
From an infrastructural perspective, Dunningen is located advantageously on the B462, which is the main road between Schramberg and Rottweil.
Switzerland, as well as Lake Constance, can be reached in one hour, Austria in two hours by car. The French region of Alsace lies to the east and is also within easy reach.
The Eschach, which is a tributary of the Neckar, passes through , Lackendorf and Dunningen.
Neighbouring communities and districts.
Dunningen shares the municipal boundaries with Waldmössingen, Beffendorf, Bösingen, Villingendorf, Hochwald, Zimmern ob Rottweil, Eschbronn and Sulgen.
Administratively, Waldmössingen and Sulgen, which are located in northern and western direction, are part of the city of Schramberg, whereas Hochwald in southern and Beffendorf in northern direction, belong respectively to the towns of Rottweil and Oberndorf.
The municipality consists of three districts which are Dunningen, Seedorf and Lackendorf. The district of Dunningen includes the village itself, the villers Auf der Stampfe and Frohnhof, the farms Eichhof, Gifizenmoos, Stittholz, Staudenrain and Beckenwäldle and the dwelling place Hindenburg. The districts of Lackendorf and Seedorf include, in each case, the two villages themselves.
History.
The foundation of the village dates back to the Romans, as a Roman road and a Villa Rustica - a Roman farm - were found in the area. Moreover, there is proof of a Roman fort in the neighbouring village of Waldmössingen.
Dunningen was first mentioned in a deed of gift from Count Gerold (+799) to the monastery of St. Gallen in 786. The village was independent until it became part of the imperial city of Rottweil in 1435.
After the Principal Decree of the Imperial Deputation in 1803, the village became part of Württemberg and was integrated into the newly created city district of Rottweil.
Dunningen Castle, which was built in the 11th century, has disappeared completely.
In the course of the administrative reform that took place in Baden-Wurttemberg in the seventies, the municipalities of Lackendorf and Seedorf were incorporated into Dunningen, on 1 August 1972 and 1 January 1974 respectively.
In earlier times, Seedorf was administrated by the imperial city of Rottweil and was handed over to the city of Oberndorf after mediation in the course of the Principal Decree of the Imperial Deputation. After the latter was resolved in 1938, the village was passed over to the district of Rottweil.
Religion.
Even after the Reformation, Dunningen remained Roman Catholic. Up to today, only the church congregation of St. Martin possesses a catholic pastorate. The few Protestant inhabitants are incorporated into the Protestant church parish of the neighbouring village of Eschbronn.
Educational institutions.
Dunningen offers several types of secondary school (Realschule) and a primary school located in Seedorf. Grammar schools (Gymnasium) can be attended in Schramberg and Rottweil, while each of the three municipalities has its own kindergarten. The so-called "Dunninger Forum" is an adult education institution that also operates in the area.
Furthermore, there is a music school and an art school for children and teenagers in Dunningen.
Sports.
The sports clubs of Dunningen and its municipalities are FC Dunningen (Football), TSV Dunningen (handball and gymnastics), TC Dunningen (tennis), TTV Dunningen (table tennis), Shooting Club Dunningen, SpVgg Stetten-Lackendorf 1963, SV Seedorf (football, skiing, handball) and TTC Seedorf (table tennis). The SV Seedorf has the most members of all the clubs in the municipality of Dunningen. Apart from the more classical sporting activities like football, gymnastics and handball, the clubs offer various leisure sport activities including volleyball, rhythmic gymnastics, badminton and dancing. The Skiclub Seedorf e. V. that has its own ski hut, "the SCS- Alpenhaus", in Braz/Austria for friends of skiing.
Culture and sights.
The Museum of local history&lt;br&gt;
The museum of local history, which is located in Dunningen town hall, illustrates the lives of famous sons and daughters of the village, for example Emil Maier, Landolin Ohnmachtand Jacob Maier. Maier was a politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany, during the times of the German Empire and the Weimar Republic, and became the Home Secretary of Baden some years later. At the level of local politics, he was particularly active in Mannheim and Heidelberg.
Another part of the museum is dedicated to the classical artist Landolin Ohmacht (1760-1834). From 1803, he lived and worked primarily in Strasbourg where he created important monuments of popular personalities of the city and the region. His most famous work shows Susette Gontard, the wife of a Frankfurt banker, who is known in literary history as Hölderlin's Diotima. The third exhibition portrays the life and work of Jakob Mayer, who invented a technique to cast steel in moulds in the 1840s. Apart from bells, he produced iron rails and wheels. In cooperation with Eduard Kühne, Mayer founded the Bochum Association of Mining and Cast Steel Production. Their greatest competitor was the Krupp company in Essen. Mayer was born in Dunningen in 1813 and died in Bochum in 1875 where he has an honorary grave in Kortum Park.
The museum is open on the first Sunday of the month from 2 pm to 5 pm.
Notable residents.
Notable people born in Dunningen
Regular events.
During Advent a Christmas concert is performed by the Musical Society Dunningen. In turn with the district of Seedorf, a big village fair is held yearly in the last weekend of June.

</doc>
<doc id="7052042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052042" title="Francis Daniel Pastorius">
Francis Daniel Pastorius

Francis Daniel Pastorius (September 26, 1651) was a German-born educator, lawyer, poet, and public official. He was the founder of Germantown, Pennsylvania, now part of Philadelphia, the first permanent German-American settlement and the gateway for subsequent emigrants from Germany.
Early life.
Franz Daniel Pastorius was born in the Franconian town of Sommerhausen, to a prosperous Lutheran family. He received a Gymnasium education in Windsheim (also in Franconia), where his family moved in 1659. He was trained as a lawyer in some of the best German universities of his day, including the University of Altdorf, the University of Strasbourg and the Friedrich Schiller University of Jena. He started his practice in Windsheim and continued it in Frankfurt-am-Main. He was a close friend of the Lutheran theologian and Pietist leader Philipp Jakob Spener during the early development of Spener's movement in Frankfurt. From 1680 to 1682, he worked as a tutor accompanying a young nobleman during his Wanderjahr through Germany, England, France, Switzerland and the Netherlands.
Pastorius' biography reveals increasing dissatisfaction with the Lutheran church and state of his German youth in the Age of Absolutism. As a young adult his Christian morality even strained the relationship with his father Melchior Adam Pastorius (1624–1702), a wealthy lawyer and burgomaster in Windsheim. 
 These difficulties came to a head in 1677–1679, years of tumult in this imperial city. After Pastorius had completed his doctorate in law, returned to Windsheim and begun his law career, his family and friends (with Habsburg backing) suppressed a popular insurrection against abuses of oligarchic rule. It was in this context that he left his home in 1679, joined the Lutheran Pietists in Frankfurt, and repeatedly urged adherence to Christ's Golden Rule. He emigrated to Pennsylvania four years later, and never went back to Windsheim.
To Philadelphia.
In 1683, a group of Mennonites, Pietists, and Quakers in Frankfurt, the so called Original 13, including Abraham op den Graeff a cousin of William Penn, approached Pastorius about acting as their agent to purchase land in Pennsylvania for a settlement. Pastorius took passage, aboard the ship America and arrived in Philadelphia on August 20, 1683. In Philadelphia, he negotiated the purchase of 15,000 acres (61 km²) from William Penn, the proprietor of the colony, and laid out the settlement of Germantown, where he himself would live until his death. As one of Germantown's leading citizens, Pastorius served in many public offices. He was the first mayor and also was a member of the Pennsylvania General Assembly in 1687 and 1691. In 1691, Thomas Lloyd, Deputy General of Pennsylvania had granted a naturalisation to sixty-two of the first Germantown settlers as citizens of Pennsylvania (and therefore of England) with the status of a "freeman" including Pastorius and also other important members of the settlement, the brothers Derick, Herman and Abraham op den Graeff and William Rittenhouse. In 1702, he opened a school in Germantown which enrolled both boys and girls; the suffragist Alice Paul cited his enrollment of girls in her PhD dissertation from the University of Pennsylvania, and noted that his commitment was exceptional in a community that otherwise upheld a "Haus Frau" ideal.
Writings.
He wrote extensively on topics ranging from beekeeping to religion. He was "the first poet of consequence in Pennsylvania . . . [and] one of the most important poets of early America" (Meserole, p. 294). His extensive commonplace compilations provide insight into early Enlightenment culture in colonial Pennsylvania.
He was also a skilled poet whose work appears in the New Oxford Book of Seventeenth-Century Verse. Pastorius' most important book was his manuscript "Bee Hive," which is now in the University of Pennsylvania's rare book room. It is his commonplace book, which contains poetry, his thoughts on religion and politics, and lists of books he consulted along with excerpts from those books. Also of interest is his "Geographical Description of Pennsylvania", first published under the title, "Umständige geographische Beschreibung der allerletzt erfundenen Provintz Pennsylvania" (1700). This book also contains many of his letters home to Germany. His manuscripts include treatises on horticulture, law, agriculture and medicine.
 Penn State University Press published in 2019 a reader on Francis Daniel Pastorius edited by Patrick M. Erben.
Personal.
Pastorius married Ennecke Klostermanns (1658–1723) on November 6, 1688. They had two sons: Johann Samuel Pastorius (1690–1722) and Heinrich Pastorius (1692–1726). Though raised as an upper-class Lutheran, he converted to Lutheran Pietism as a young adult in Germany. He grew increasingly liberal in Pennsylvania, espousing universalism and moving close to Quakerism.
Famed jazz bass guitarist Jaco Pastorius was his distant descendant.
Legacy.
Anti-slavery stand.
From among the Krefeld settlers, it was probably the Quakers who provided the impetus for the rejection of slavery. The 13 families from Krefeld had heard about the slave trade in the American colonies for the first time in Rotterdam on their trip to Pennsylvania. They could not imagine that they could own slaves in the land of brotherly love. However, the reality was different: Puritans and Quakers, who otherwise advocated for universal human rights, had no problems with human trafficking and did not believe it was wrong. In 1688, some years after their arrival, he drafted, together with Garret Hendericks, Derick op den Graeff, and Abraham op den Graeff the first protest against slavery in America. Pastorius was a cosigner of the 1688 Germantown Quaker Petition Against Slavery, the first petition against slavery made in the Thirteen Colonies. The protest was signed in the house of Thones Kunders, one of the first burgesses of Germantown. Before the American Civil War, when abolition of slavery was gaining strength, Pastorius was ripe for celebration. The Quaker poet John Greenleaf Whittier celebrated Pastorius' lifeand particularly his anti-slavery advocacyin Whittier also translated the Latin ode addressed to posterity, which Pastorius prefixed to his Germantown book of records.
Operation Pastorius.
Despite the Quaker sympathies of Pastorius, his name was appropriated in 1942 by the "Abwehr" of Nazi Germany for "Operation Pastorius," a failed sabotage attack on the United States during World War II that included a target in Philadelphia.
Biographies.
For generations Pastorius has won the affections of historians. In the early twentieth century, German-American scholars embraced him and the University of Pennsylvania professor Marion Dexter Learned (1857–1917) wrote a lengthy biography; Learned had access to papers that have subsequently been lost. In 1953 DeElla Victoria Toms wrote a Ph.D. dissertation on the intellectual and literary background of Francis Daniel Pastorius.
In 1985 John Weaver documented the cultural background of Pastorius' childhood and youth, and his reasons for emigrating to Pennsylvania in 1683.
More recently Princeton University professor Anthony Grafton has written about Pastorius as a representative of European intellectual culture. Grafton's presidential address to the American Historical Association in 2012 was on Pastorius. Weaver extensively revised his earlier research in a book (in PDF) available online and published in 2016. In 2012 Patrick Erben wrote "A Harmony of the Spirits: Translation and the Language of Community in Early Pennsylvania". In 2017 Margo Lambert published "Mediation, Assimilation, and German Foundations in North America: Francis Daniel Pastorius as Cultural Broker."

</doc>
<doc id="7052047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052047" title="Epfendorf">
Epfendorf

Epfendorf (Swabian: "Äpfedorf") is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Epfendorf is located in the Upper Neckar valley between Oberndorf am Neckar and Rottweil.
Neighboring communities.
The municipality borders to the north to the town of Oberndorf, to the east to the city of Rosenfeld in Zollernalbkreis, on the south to Dietingen and Villingendorf and on the west to Bösingen.
Outline.
The community consists of the main town Epfendorf and the three districts Harthausen, Talhausen and Trichtingen.
History.
The exact age of Epfendorf is not known, but the place was first documented in 994. Findings indicate a Roman settlement, a Roman road led to the Roman settlement in Waldmössingen. On January 1, 1974, the municipality Harthausen was incorporated to Epfendorf. The incorporation of Trichtingen was on January 1, 1975.
Religions.
Mariä Heimsuchung (Visitation of Mary) is a Roman Catholic parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rottenburg-Stuttgart in Talhausen.
The evangelical church Trichtingen (which also includes the main town Epfendorf ) belongs to the church district Sulz am Neckar and this belongs to the Evangelical-Lutheran Church in Württemberg.
Politics.
The community belongs to the agreed management community with the city Oberndorf am Neckar.
Council.
The local elections on 25 May 2014 led to the following conclusions:
Crest.
Blazon : In red, a blue-lined golden ducal crown with Hermelinstulp.
Things.
Epfendorf is located on the Neckar cycle path, which passes many sights.
Hiking and biking trails.
Epfendorf has an extensive network of hiking trails. The Schlichem hiking trail ends in Epfendorf. Less experienced hikers can walk in summer with the Cyclo-shuttle from starting-point Tieringen in stages.
Buildings.
Not far from Harthausen is located in the woods the Lichtenegg Castle. It can not be visited because it is privately owned. 
Transportation.
Epfendorf is located on the Bundesstraße 14 and on the Plochingen–Immendingen railway, but it is currently not served by passenger trains.
Education.
The municipality has two primary schools and a secondary school with Werkrealschule. All secondary schools are available in the nearby towns of Oberndorf and Rottweil.
Sport.
The town's football club is FC Epfendorf 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="7052054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052054" title="Eschbronn">
Eschbronn

Eschbronn is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
History and name.
The municipality of Eschbronn was created on 1 January 1972 by the merging of the towns of Locherhof and Mariazell as part of the . A previous, unsuccessful attempt at a merger was attempted by the townships in 1939. For the 1972 merger, the equality of the townships was emphasized by the choosing of a new name, Eschbronn.
Locherhof.
Locherhof was first mentioned in 1326 as "Affolterunbach", an apple orchard owned by the Imperial Abbey of Rottenmünster, in a legal dispute with another Rottenmünster's properties. The township was conferred in 1483 Hans Christlin von Büdingen, a local nobleman, but remained a property of the abbey. This document was the first to use the name "Locherhof" in reference to the town. Locherhof was divided into two properties, Upper and Lower Locherhof, in the mid-16th century. Both expanded dramatically in the 18th century, though the separation caused much commercial headache. In 1802-03, as a result of German mediatization, Rottenmünster was secularized and all its properties were awarded to the Electorate, later Kingdom, of Württemberg. Locherhof was assigned first to a local district based at Rottenmünster, but in 1806 became an independent municipality. On 26 April 1808, it was assigned to .
Mariazell.
Mariazell was established by Reichenau Abbey around 1000, but was first mentioned in historical documents in the 1275 "Cella Mariae" tithe book. The town was devastated by local warfare in 1444 and that time was a possession of the Lordship of Schramberg, itself part of the Habsburg realm of Further Austria.
Mariazell also became a possession of the Kingdom of Württemberg in 1806. It was assigned on 27 October 1810 to . Until 1839, the present-day municipality of Hardt was a borough of Mariazell.
Geography.
The municipality ("Gemeinde") of Eschbronn covers of the district of Rottweil, of the German state of Baden-Württemberg. Eschonbronn is physically located at the edge of the Central Black Forest and the . Elevation above sea level in the municipal area has a range of about , with a high of Normalnull (NN) near Mariazell and a low of NN at the Teufenbach on the border with Dunningen.
Politics.
Eschbronn has two boroughs ("Ortsteile"): Locherhof and Marizell.
Coat of arms.
Eschbronn's municipal coat of arms displays ash tree branch with seven leaves, in green above a blue, invected line, and upon a field of white. This pattern mainly refers to the etymology of "Eschbronn". It was awarded with a municipal flag by the Rottweil district office in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="7052058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052058" title="Fluorn-Winzeln">
Fluorn-Winzeln

Fluorn-Winzeln is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
Geography.
Geographical location.
Fluorn-Winzeln is located on the eastern edge of the Black Forest on the Neckar Valley, about six kilometers west of Oberndorf am Neckar at an altitude of 649 m above sea level.
Neighboring communities.
The municipality is bordering to the north to the Alpirsbach district Peterzell in the district of Freudenstadt, in the east to the Oberdorfer district Beffendorf, on the south to the Schramberg district Waldmössingen and in the west to Aichhalden.
Municipality arrangement.
The municipality Fluorn-Winzeln consists of the previously independent municipalities Fluorn and Winzeln.
History.
Archaeological findings suggest that in Roman times a brickyard was in Winzeln forest.
In 1099 Fluorn is first mentioned in a document of the Alpirsbach Abbey.
On November 1, 1972, the two villages Fluorn and Winzeln closed together and merged to Fluorn-Winzeln.
Politics.
The community belongs to the Agreed Management Board of the City Oberndorf am Neckar.
On 30 January 2022 Rainer Betschner was elected mayor. He succeeded Bernhard Tjaden, who had been in office since 2005.
Partnerships.
Fluorn-Winzeln maintains partnerships with Schönau an der Triesting in Lower Austria and to the hamlet Obercarsdorf of the town Dippoldiswalde in Saxony.
Sports.
There are two football clubs, the VFL Fluorn and the SV Winzeln.
Education.
In the district Fluorn there is a primary school with Werkrealschule, the primary school in the district Winzeln was closed in the summer of 2015. All secondary schools are available in the nearby cities of Oberndorf am Neckar, Aichhalden, Schramberg, Dunningen and Rottweil.

</doc>
<doc id="7052061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052061" title="West Lyng">
West Lyng



</doc>
<doc id="7052065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052065" title="Hardt, Baden-Württemberg">
Hardt, Baden-Württemberg

Hardt () is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
History.
Hardt was first mentioned in 1416 as "Hard", a property in the township of Mariazell and of the , who governed from Schramberg. Schramberg was dissolved by the process of German mediatization in 1806 and its territories were awarded to the Kingdom of Württemberg. Hardt was assigned to , which was dissolved on 2 October 1810 by with the Grand Duchy of Baden. Hardt was subsequently assigned to a new Oberamt, . In 1839, Hardt became an independent municipality. The district of Oberndorf was dissolved on 1 October 1938, and Hardt returned to the jurisdiction of Rottweil.
Geography.
The municipality ("Gemeinde") of Hardt covers of the district of Rottweil, in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. Hardt is physically located in the Central Black Forest. Elevation above sea level in the municipal area ranges from a high of Normalnull (NN) at the Hochwald to a low of NN on the Kirnbach at the border with Schramberg.
Coat of arms.
Hardt's coat of arms depicts, in green, a field with two fir trees upon a field of white. Between the trees is a smaller blazon with a stag upon a trimount, both in yellow, upon a field of blue. This pattern was devised in 1953 from a "Schultheiß"s seal that featured the firs, but was distinguished from similar coats of arms by the addition of the arms of the House of Falkenstein. The arms of the 17th century Falkenstein zu Rimsingen line are erroneously used on Hardt's coat of arms.

</doc>
<doc id="7052067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052067" title="Roman de la rose">
Roman de la rose



</doc>
<doc id="7052071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052071" title="Lauterbach (Rottweil)">
Lauterbach (Rottweil)



</doc>
<doc id="7052075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052075" title="East Lyng">
East Lyng



</doc>
<doc id="7052076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052076" title="Gustav Vasa of Sweden">
Gustav Vasa of Sweden



</doc>
<doc id="7052079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052079" title="Schenkenzell">
Schenkenzell

Schenkenzell is a village in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The town is twinned with Schenkon in Switzerland.

</doc>
<doc id="7052084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052084" title="Tennenbronn">
Tennenbronn

Tennenbronn is a district of Schramberg in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. , it has 3,390 inhabitants.
Until the 30th of April 2006 the district was independent; its integration into Schramberg was decided in early 2006 by citizen voting. Tennenbronn as such is the first municipality since the administration reform in 1970 that surrendered its independence.
Geography.
Geographical Situation.
Tennenbronn is placed in the Bernecktal southwest of Schramberg, sitting between 460 and 943 m above sea level. The highest point of Tennenbronn, as well as of the district of Rottweil is the Brunnhölzer Höhe (943 m above sea level). Integrated in 2006 into Schramberg, the urban district is located on the western tip of the district of Rottweil and borders to the south on the Schwarzwald-Baar-Kreis, as well as to the west on the Ortenaukreis.
Neighboring Municipalities.
Tennebronn's neighboring municipalities are Lauterbach to the north, Hardt to the east, Königsfeld to the east in the Schwarzwald (District of Buchenberg), the city St. Georgen in the southwest (urban district of Langenschiltach) and the city of Hornberg to the west (urban district of Reichenbach).
History.
The first historic occurrence of the term “Tennenbronn mit Kirche” (Tennenbronn with church) is from a certificate of Pope Alexander III (1159–1181) for the monastic community of St. Georgen issued on the 26th of March 1179. In the Late Middle Ages, the ownership is also contributed to the Sirs of Falkenstein und Rechberg, by the 16th century the Falkensteiner and St. Georgener properties were then owned by the dukes of Württemberg. Tennenbronn at the time was divided into a Protestant and a Catholic part (Tennenbronner Vetrag 1558), with the Catholic part being aligned to the Herrschaft Schramberg (a small duchy in Baden-Württemberg) or Anterior Austria respectively. The late gothic church “Unsere Liebe Frau” (our dear Lady, meaning Mary, mother of Jesus) was built in 1453 and burned down to the ground in 1901. It became a Protestant church and its predecessor building has already been a parish since the 12th century. The Catholic village had its own parish since 1786, and in 1848 the church St. Johann Baptista was erected. Because of the Napoleonic changes the two places of Tennenbronn became part of Württemberg in 1805 and due to a barrier treaty between Württemberg and Baden in 1810 they became part of Baden. Napoleon did not want to cross the Kingdom of Württemberg with his army on the march/its campaign. Tennenbronn was conferred to the Grand Duchy Baden on Napoleon's order, because the military road of Offenburg on the Benzebene to Konstanz was touching on the district to Tennenbronn. On 1 October 1922 the Protestant and Catholic part of Tennenbronn were united politically to one municipality. Tennenbronn belonged to the superior office of Baden, which is called Hornberg, after that, from 1857 onwards, it was part of the superior office Triberg and since 1924 it is part of the district office or administrative district Villingen. Since the 19th century, population growth has been quite vigorous, also combined with fluctuations of 1571 people in 1834 up to almost 4000 people today. The district area amounts to 3501 ha incorporation to Schramberg.
Incorporation into Schramberg.
After the municipality found it increasingly difficult to finance the municipal infrastructure, from the summer of 2005 onwards, the decision was taken to give up municipal independence. On 15 January 2006, the citizens voted 61.61% in favour of incorporation into Schramberg, which was completed on 1 May 2006. There was considerable resistance to this from the municipality's conservative environment. This made Tennenbronn the first municipality in Baden-Württemberg to voluntarily relinquish its independence since 1977. Schramberg also had great interest in this as the city crossed the important threshold of 20,000 citizens.
First mention in papal charter.
The contacts of the Benedictine monastery St. George's Abbey in the Black Forest, founded in 1084/1085, towards the papacy were highly positive. A number of papal privileges, beginning with the papal charter from Pope Urban II (1088–1099) from the 8.March 1095 confirm this. Even under the abbot of St. George's Abbey in the Black Forest, Manegold of Berg (1169- 1193/1194) many different papal privileges came in the Possession of the monastery. The privilege from the 26.03.1179 is without a doubt the most important one. In this Pope Alexander III attested every right and possession up until this point for the abbot and monks of St. George's Abbey. Besides the "Roman Freedom", which included the free election of abbot and bailiff, it especially regulated the countryside and the possession of churches and monasteries at different locations. The certificate also lists Tennenbronn, which was first mentioned in written sources here. Even back then Tennenbronn included a parish church, thus having a certain function a center for the surrounding area. This suggests that the village is way older than the first mentioning of 1179 would lead to believe.
Politics.
Tennenbron is a city district of the Große Kreisstadt Schramberg since the 01.05.2006. Besides a municipal council, which is doing politics for the Schramberg and its city districts, Tennenbronn also has a local council, consisting of 11 participants.
The chairperson of the local council is the head of the municipality. The local council election on May 25, 2014, resulted in the following outcome:
Heads of Municipality.
Since the incorporation in 2006, up until his retirement on January 1, 2017, Klaus Köser had been the head of the municipality of Tennenbronn.
On October 19, 2016, Jürgen Heidemann was elected, for the position of head of the municipality of Tennenbronn and began in office January 1, 2017. He applied for release from civil service and left on August 31, 2017.
On January 1, 2018, Lutz Strobel began his time as head of the municipality. On July 9, 2019, the Tennenbronn local council withdrew its confidence from Lutz Strobel and voted him out of office with 2 votes in favor and 8 votes against, out of a total of 10 votes.
The local council and the municipal council made the decision to change the status of the head of the municipality in Tennenbronn from a full-time position to a voluntary position. In June 2020, Manfred Moosmann, the deputy head of the municipality (since 2019), was elected as the new head of the municipality of Tennenbronn and began in office in July 2020.
Religion.
See also: St. Johann Baptist (Tennenbronn)
Culture and Leisure.
Outdoor Swimming Pools.
Tennenbronn operates a heated outdoor swimming pool in Affentäle.
Clubs.
Tennenbronn has a vibrant club life, with numerous sports clubs as well as several music and carnival clubs.

</doc>
<doc id="7052088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052088" title="MakeUp Artist">
MakeUp Artist



</doc>
<doc id="7052091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052091" title="Villingendorf">
Villingendorf

Villingendorf (Swabian: "Villingedorf") is a town in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="7052092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052092" title="St. Mark's Episcopal School (West University Place, Texas)">
St. Mark's Episcopal School (West University Place, Texas)

St. Mark's Episcopal School is a private primary and secondary school located in the Cambridge Place development and in West University Place, Texas, in Greater Houston. St. Mark's serves preschool (ages 18 months and up) through Grade 8. The school is located four miles from the Texas Medical Center and minutes south of the Galleria. St. Mark's is a part of the Episcopal Diocese of Texas and is accredited by the Independent Schools Association of the Southwest and the Southwest Association of Episcopal Schools. The current headmaster of the school is Garhett Wagers.
The school is structured into three divisions - primary school (preschool 2s through kindergarten), lower school (1st through 4th grade), and middle school (5th through 8th grade).
History.
St. Mark's Episcopal School was created in 1960 as an educational ministry of St. Mark's Episcopal Church. The school operated as a nursery school for years then gradually began adding elementary grades. The first 8th grade class graduated in 1988. The school received its initial accreditation from the Southwestern Association of Episcopal Schools (recognized by the Texas Education Agency) in 1990. The school earned accreditation from the Independent Schools Association of the Southwest in 2017.
Facilities.
The school occupies four main buildings on campus, including three computer labs, a library, three science labs, a basketball court serving as a gymnasium and stage, a multi-purpose cafeteria, a "flex space" for extracurricular activities, a music room, and an art room. The campus is networked, allowing students to work in the labs or on classroom computers.
Extended Care.
The afterschool program is available to families with students in grades preschool 3s through 8th grade who need daily or part-time after-school care. The program includes snack time, outside recreation, homework time for older students, and informal indoor activities for younger children.
The before-school program is available to families in need of an early drop-off for students in preschool 3s through 8th Grade.
Clubs and Activities.
Some of the clubs include cooking, piano, guitar, violin, Tae Kwon Do, USA Chess, ceramics, fencing, golf, and origami.
Athletics.
The middle school students at St. Mark's compete in GHAC (Greater Houston Athletic Conference). The St. Mark's middle school athletics program includes volleyball, soccer, cross country, basketball, swimming, golf, tennis, track &amp; field, and baseball. Lower School students can participate in soccer, cross country, basketball, bounceball, and touch football.

</doc>
<doc id="7052095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052095" title="Vöhringen, Baden-Württemberg">
Vöhringen, Baden-Württemberg

Vöhringen () is a municipality in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="7052098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052098" title="Wendy Dascomb">
Wendy Dascomb

Wendy Jane Dascomb (born January 7, 1950) is an American model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss USA 1969. As Miss USA, she represented the United States at Miss Universe 1969, placing in the top fifteen. Dascomb had previously been crowned Miss Virginia USA 1969, becoming the first woman from Virginia to be crowned Miss USA.
Early life and education.
Dascomb was born in Metairie, Louisiana. After graduating from high school, Dascomb enrolled in Stratford College in Danville, Virginia, where she studied liberal arts and wished to become a special education teacher. She later enrolled in the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, receiving a degree in comparative religion and philosophy.
Pageantry.
Dascomb began her career in pageantry in 1969, as a college freshman. After being convinced by her school's faculty, Dascomb opted to compete in the Miss Piedmont beauty pageant. She went on to win the competition, which enabled her to compete for the title of Miss Virginia USA 1969. Dascomb later won the state title as well.
Miss USA.
After being crowned Miss Virginia USA 1969, Dascomb received the right to represent Virginia at Miss USA 1969, held in Miami Beach, Florida. In the competition, Dascomb advanced to the top fifteen, and later the top five, ultimately being crowned the winner. Her win made her the first woman from Virginia to be crowned Miss USA.
During her reign as Miss USA, Dascomb traveled to more than one hundred cities as an ambassador and model, including appearances in South America and Europe. Additionally, as part of her prize package, Dascomb received $5,000 in cash, and a variety of other prizes.
After winning Miss USA, Dascomb represented the United States at Miss Universe 1969, also held in Miami Beach. She placed in the top fifteen, and the competition was won by Gloria Diaz of the Philippines. Dascomb crowned Deborah Shelton, also of Virginia, as her successor at the Miss USA 1970 pageant. During her farewell address, Dascomb delivered an impromptu speech speaking of her disillusionment with the pageant and how she learned that beauty pageants were "all wrapped up in selling – sell me, sell a swimsuit". Dascomb later went on to state that she "was not the best Miss USA," but that she "was the most honest". In an interview after giving up her crown, Dascomb stated that she was excited to return to college in order to be with people who "share [her] views".
In 1972, Dascomb contributed an article for "Ms.", in which she wrote of her experience as Miss USA and elaborated further on her disillusionment over the pageant and her role as a titleholder, additionally being featured on the cover of the magazine's first issue. In 2011, during an interview with "Time", Dascomb recalled how she was often at odds with pageant organizers due to her outspokenness against the Vietnam War and support of women's rights due to her alignment with the hippie subculture, adding that they thought she "should be perfect and have scripted answers" while calling herself "a real rebel".
Personal life.
Dascomb has resided on a farm in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, together with her husband Jay Bryan since the 1990s. Dascomb and Bryan have five children; three are Dascomb's from her first marriage, and two are Bryan's from his marriage with his late wife. Dascomb and Bryan also have six grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="7052100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052100" title="Wellendingen">
Wellendingen

Wellendingen (Swabian: "Welledinge") is a town in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="7052102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052102" title="H. Arthur Brown">
H. Arthur Brown

Hine Arthur Brown or H. Arthur Brown (c. 1906 – May 27, 1992) was an American orchestral conductor. He was born c. 1906 and studied music at Juilliard and the American Conservatory at Fontainebleau. He was conductor at the El Paso Symphony Orchestra, Louisville Symphony Orchestra, Tulsa Philharmonic Orchestra, and Austrian Symphony Orchestra. With the latter orchestra, he made numerous recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="7052105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052105" title="Zimmern ob Rottweil">
Zimmern ob Rottweil

Zimmern ob Rottweil is a town in the district of Rottweil, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The municipality includes the former independent municipalities Zimmern ob Rottweil, Flözlingen, Horgen and Stetten ob Rottweil. Zimmern is located on a plateau over the upper Neckar valley, the villages Horgen, Stetten and Flözlingen are located in the Eschach valley.
Nearby towns and municipalities.
The following towns and municipalities border Zimmern ob Rottweil:
Rottweil, Deißlingen, Niedereschach, Königsfeld im Schwarzwald, Eschbronn, Dunningen, Villingendorf
History.
The first reference of Zimmern ob Rottweil dates back to 1275 AD, Flözlingen was mentioned for the first time in 779 AD, Horgen in 1306 AD, Setten ob Rottweil in 882 AD. There are archaeological proofs for Roman and Celtic settlements on the area of the contemporary municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="7052110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052110" title="Rogers Rangers">
Rogers Rangers



</doc>
<doc id="7052117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052117" title="Saint Basil (disambiguation)">
Saint Basil (disambiguation)

Saint Basil may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7052121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052121" title="Donald F. Ferguson">
Donald F. Ferguson

Donald Francis Ferguson (born 1960) is a Technical Fellow and Chief SW Architect at Ansys, Inc. Before joining Ansys, Ferguson was a Professor of Professional Practice in Computer Science at Columbia University. Before joining Columbia in 2018, he was vice president and CTO for software at Dell. Previously he was CTO, Distinguished Engineer and Executive VP at CA, Inc., formerly known as Computer Associates.
Education.
Ferguson graduated with a BA from Columbia University in 1982, a MS in 1984, and a PhD in computer science in 1989. His thesis studied the application of economic models to the management of system resources in distributed systems.
Career.
IBM.
From 1985 to 2007, Ferguson worked for IBM, being appointed IBM Fellow in 2001, and chief architect for IBM's Software Group (SWG). He provided overall technical leadership for IBM WebSphere, Tivoli Software, IBM DB2, Rational Software and Lotus Software products. He also chaired the SWG Architecture Board (SWG AB). The SWG AB focused on product integration, cross-product initiatives and emerging technology. Some of the public focus areas were web services, patterns, web 2.0 and business-driven development. Ferguson guided IBM's strategy and architecture for SOA and web services, and co-authored many of the initial web-service specifications.
Previously, he had been the chief architect for WebSphere and the WebSphere products, which provide support for dynamic web applications. Prior to transferring to IBM SWG, Ferguson was a research staff member at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center.
Microsoft.
From 2007 to 2008, he worked at Microsoft as a technical fellow in platforms and strategy in the office of the CTO.
CA.
Ferguson joined CA in March 2008.
Dell.
Ferguson joined Dell in June 2012 as VP and CTO for Dell Software.
Awards.
Ferguson received the 2013 Columbia School of Engineering and applied Science Alumni Association Egleston Medal for Distinguished Engineering Achievement.
Ansys.
Ferguson focuses on product integration, additional of new capabilities and strategic initiatives.

</doc>
<doc id="7052125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052125" title="Radirgy Generic">
Radirgy Generic



</doc>
<doc id="7052126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052126" title="Sean Roberge">
Sean Roberge

Sean Brené Roberge (November 1, 1972 – July 29, 1996) was a Canadian actor. 
Life and career.
Roberge was born in Toronto, Ontario, to parents Rene and Brenda Roberge. He began his career at age 13, appearing in guest roles until landing the role of 'Joe Casper' in the second season of "T. and T." He then spent three years playing 'Roger Taft' in the series "Tarzan".
He also appeared in "John Carpenter's In the Mouth of Madness", "Maniac Mansion", "Danger Bay", "The Campbells", "Street Legal", "My Secret Identity", "Neon Rider", "Forever Knight", "Tek War", "Adderly", "Straight Line", "Going to War", "Road to Avonlea", "Katts and Dog", "Check It Out!", and "Lena: My 100 Children". His last role was as 'Henry Bird' in a 1996 episode of "". 
Roberge provided voices for numerous children's cartoons, including "Garbage Pail Kids", "Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater", "Beverly Hills Teens", "The New Archies", "WildC.A.T.S.", "Care Bears", "Sylvanian Families" and "Babar".
He also played electric guitar with the bands Willy Phosphorus, Days of Heaven and Raunch.
At the 6th Gemini Awards in 1992, Roberge's portrayal of 'Ralph' in the "C.B.C.'s Magic Hour" episode "The Prom" (1990) earned him a nomination for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role in a Dramatic Program or Mini-Series.
Roberge was killed in a car accident on July 29, 1996, at the age of 23.

</doc>
<doc id="7052134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052134" title="Ameer Ali">
Ameer Ali

Ameer Ali may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7052135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052135" title="El Rancho Charter School">
El Rancho Charter School



</doc>
<doc id="7052141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052141" title="Carrie McLaren">
Carrie McLaren



</doc>
<doc id="7052144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052144" title="Sean roberge">
Sean roberge



</doc>
<doc id="7052150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052150" title="Manchester, Sheffield &amp; Lincolnshire Railway">
Manchester, Sheffield &amp; Lincolnshire Railway



</doc>
<doc id="7052151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052151" title="Madaleno">
Madaleno



</doc>
<doc id="7052158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052158" title="Will Paynter">
Will Paynter

William Thomas Paynter (6 December 1903 – 11 December 1984) was a Welsh miners' leader involved in the hunger marches of the 1930s.
Paynter was born in Cardiff, where he had a basic education before going to work at a colliery at the age of fourteen. By the age of eighteen, he was working on the coal-face, and soon joined the Communist Party. He was instrumental in setting up the National Unemployed Workers' Movement, and in 1937 he joined the British Battalion of the International Brigades to fight in the Spanish Civil War. In 1951 he became President of the South Wales Miners' Federation, and from 1959 to 1969 he was General Secretary of the National Union of Mineworkers. He was also a member of Acas.
He was featured in a programme in the BBC television series "All Our Working Lives", which was broadcast in the year of his death and discussed the changing nature of the coal industry.

</doc>
<doc id="7052165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052165" title="Muzhang'a">
Muzhang'a



</doc>
<doc id="7052169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052169" title="Brent Simmons">
Brent Simmons

Brent C. Simmons is an American former artistic gymnast. He was a United States men's national artistic gymnastics team member and was named to the 1970 and 1974 teams for the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. He also represented the United States at the 1971 Pan American Games where he won two medals.
Early life and education.
Simmons was a native of Columbus, Indiana. He attended Columbus High School and was a standout on the school's boys gymnastics team. With multiple schools pursuing him offering full scholarships, Simmons selected Iowa State University to pursue gymnastics.
Gymnastics career.
While at Iowa State, Simmons was a member of the Iowa State Cyclones men's gymnastics team. In his senior season, he was the 1971 NCAA Parallel Bars and Horizontal Bar champion as Iowa State won their first NCAA team championship. He was named the 1971 Nissen-Emery Award winner.
Legacy.
Simmons was inducted into the Iowa State Cyclones Hall of Fame in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="7052171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052171" title="Audiogenic Software">
Audiogenic Software



</doc>
<doc id="7052173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052173" title="Muzhanga">
Muzhanga



</doc>
<doc id="7052181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052181" title="Eastern Hulda Gate">
Eastern Hulda Gate



</doc>
<doc id="7052182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052182" title="Western Hulda Gate">
Western Hulda Gate



</doc>
<doc id="7052186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052186" title="Mu-chang-a">
Mu-chang-a



</doc>
<doc id="7052195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052195" title="NEMS Enterprises (label)">
NEMS Enterprises (label)

NEMS Enterprises is a metal Latin-American record label led by the Argentinian businessman Marcelo Cabuli founded in 1987 as a CD and vinyl distribution company. In 1995 Nems turned into a label company. The first band they signed was Angra. Nems also organized shows.
Marcelo Cabuli is married to Tarja Turunen. 
Artists.
The label produced albums by:
The label licensed recordings (to distribute them in South America) by:

</doc>
<doc id="7052211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052211" title="Joe Kraus">
Joe Kraus

Joe Kraus is the founder of Excite, JotSpot, and DigitalConsumer.org, along with his long-time business partner Graham Spencer. Currently, Kraus is an Investment Partner on the GV team and President at Lime.
Career.
A long time entrepreneur, Kraus has been involved with early-stage technology development and starting companies for more than twelve years. Upon graduation from Stanford University in 1993 with a bachelor's degree in political science, he joined with five engineering friends to found the Internet company Excite, which would declare bankruptcy in 2001 . As the original President of Excite, Kraus was involved in product strategy, direction and vision as the company grew. He also held senior operational roles in business development, international development and content.
After leaving Excite@Home in 2000, Kraus was a co-founder of Digitalconsumer.org, a non-profit consumer organization with more than 50,000 members dedicated to expanding consumers' fair-use rights to digital media. Kraus, along with other co-founder Graham Spencer, continued to work on these issues. In 2006, Kraus joined the board of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. In addition to his non-profit focus, he has also spent many years as an angel investor, working with numerous early-stage technology companies.
Kraus was CEO of JotSpot, which was purchased by Google in 2006. While at Google, Kraus was a Director of Product Management. One of his projects was OpenSocial, Google's effort to develop API standards for social networking platforms. In 2009, he became a partner at Google Ventures.
Kraus helped to lead the investment for GV in OpenCandy and is on their board of directors.
In November 2018, it was announced that Joe Kraus would become Lime’s first COO.

</doc>
<doc id="7052225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052225" title="The Peasant Marey">
The Peasant Marey

"The Peasant Marey" ( "Muzhik Marey"), written in 1876, is both the "best-known autobiographical account" from the "Writer's Diary" of Fyodor Dostoevsky, and a frequently anthologized work of fiction. This "double encoding" arises from its framing as both short story, narrated by the fictional prisoner Goryanchikov from "The House of the Dead", and as reminiscences of Dostoevsky himself, as a way to evade censorship.
"The Peasant Marey" is preoccupied mainly with a childhood memory, when the speaker was nine and living with his father in Tula province. The boy is frightened by rumors of a wolf prowling the countryside, and finds refuge with one of his father's serfs, Marey. Recollected 20 years later, the incident takes on the significance of an allegory or myth.
Plot summary.
The story opens around the holiday season of Easter, with the narrator wandering the prison camp. After a Polish political prisoner utters his hatred for the low bred convicts (both the Pole and the narrator are nobles), the narrator heads back to the bunks to rest. As he lies in his bed, he vividly recalls a memory from his early childhood. While playing near a birch wood, he had heard the shout "Wolf! Wolf!" Panicked, he runs away from the wood, finally coming across the peasant Marey. Marey comforts the boy, blessing him and reassuring him that there is no wolf. The boy is mollified by the peasant's genuine concern and benevolent nature, and eventually returns to playing.
The narrator returns from his memory to prison, reminded of the Russian peasantry's deeper wisdom despite their apparent lack of refinement, and laments that the Polish prisoner has never seen this cultured side. Still, he is sad to imagine that the drunken peasant might be the same Marey he had encountered earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="7052233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052233" title="Nick Drake discography">
Nick Drake discography

The discography of Nick Drake, an English folk musician and singer-songwriter, consists of three studio albums, five singles, seven compilation albums, two box sets, one video album and various soundtrack and compilation appearances.
Drake was born on 19 June 1948 in Yangon, Burma, returning with his family to England in 1950. He was encouraged by his mother to learn piano and later learned clarinet and saxophone while attending Marlborough College. In 1965, Drake purchased his first guitar and began experimenting with open tunings and fingerpicking, techniques that later became a signature in his music. While Drake was attending the University of Cambridge in 1968, he was introduced to the American record producer Joe Boyd and signed a contract to Island Records.
Drake released his debut studio album, "Five Leaves Left", in July 1969. The recording sessions and post-production of the album were difficult due to creative differences between Drake and production personnel. "Five Leaves Left" also received poor marketing from Island and mixed reviews from critics. In March 1971, Drake released his second studio album, "Bryter Layter", which featured a more up-tempo and jazz influenced sound. Joe Boyd described that the album had "more of a pop sound" and "imagined it as more commercial". The album sold fewer than 3,000 copies upon its release and received mixed reviews.
Drake suffered from depression following the commercial failure of his first two releases. However, in October 1971 Drake began recording with producer John Wood, who had been the engineer on Drake's first two albums. Recorded at two midnight sessions at Sound Techniques in London, the sessions resulted in Drake's third and final studio album, "Pink Moon". It was released in February 1972 and despite poor sales, received positive critical acclaim. Drake attempted to record a fourth studio album in early 1974, just months prior to his death on 25 November.
Drake failed to reach a wide audience during his lifetime but has since gained wider recognition. Compilations of his music have charted worldwide—including the United Kingdom, Belgium, Ireland and the United States—and rereleases of his singles have entered into the UK Singles Chart. All three of Drake's studio albums, and the compilation album "Way to Blue: An Introduction to Nick Drake", have been certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry.

</doc>
<doc id="7052238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052238" title="Oklahoma State Highway 23">
Oklahoma State Highway 23

State Highway 23 (SH-23 or OK-23) is a state highway in Oklahoma. It runs 36.2 miles south-to-north through the center of Beaver County, in the Panhandle, running from the Texas state line to the Kansas state line.
There are no letter-suffixed spur highways branching from SH-23.
Route description.
SH-23 begins at the Texas state line north of Booker, Texas. Upon entering Oklahoma, the highway makes a ninety degree turn to parallel the state line for approximately , running just north of the line. It then turns back to the north and travels due north to the intersection with US-270/US-412/SH-3, at the crossroads settlement of Elmwood. US-270 splits away from the other two highways at Elmwood, turning north to join SH-23.
A little over north of Elmwood. US-270/SH-23 cross over Clear Creek, a tributary of the North Canadian River. The two highways enter Beaver, the county seat of Beaver County, about north of Elmwood. Just north of Beaver, the highway crosses the Beaver River (another name for this portion of the North Canadian River). After crossing the river, US-270 and SH-23 pass through Beaver Dunes State Park.
Approximately north of Beaver, US-270 and SH-23 intersect US-64 and split up; US-270 turns west along US-64 towards Forgan, while SH-23 follows US-64 for about a mile eastbound. After splitting up, SH-23 turns due north, continuing to its terminus later at the Kansas state line. North of the line it becomes K-23, which continues on to Meade, Kansas.
History.
Prior to SH-23's establishment, the highway carried two designations—US-270 followed the same portion of the route that it does today, and a segment of SH-15 connected Elmwood to the Texas state line. (A connection with the current western terminus of SH-15 was made with what was then Farm to Market Road 1265 to Booker and TX-117 back to Oklahoma.) The connection to Kansas north of US-64 did not exist as a state highway prior to 1957; it first appears on the 1958 state highway map, also signed as SH-15. The highway is not shown as overlapping US-64 and US-270 to Elmwood.
SH-23 is first shown replacing SH-15 on the 1959 map, implying the change took place in 1958. Again, SH-23 is not shown as overlapping US-270; it would not be shown as doing such until the 1975 edition.
K-23 was in existence as early as April 1940, shown with a spur ending north of the state line on Oklahoma's state map. On December 11, 1959, the Kansas and Oklahoma highway commissions held a joint meeting in Wichita, Kansas. At that meeting, the Kansas Highway Commission resolved to connect K-23 with OK-23 to establish a "route number...common to both states." K-23 was already shown on the Oklahoma highway map connecting to Oklahoma's SH-23 as early as the 1957 edition.
Similarly, the Texas Highway Commission ordered its State Highway 23 signed on January 25, 1959, alongside existing FM 1265. The highway, however, officially remained part of FM 1265 until December 18, 1990, when TX-23 was officially established and FM 1265 cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="7052240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052240" title="Impatiens balsamina">
Impatiens balsamina

Impatiens balsamina, commonly known as balsam, garden balsam, rose balsam, touch-me-not or spotted snapweed, is a species of plant native to India and Myanmar.
It is an annual plant growing to 20–75 cm tall, with a thick, but soft stem. The leaves are spirally-arranged, 2.5–9 cm long and 1–2.5 cm broad, with a deeply toothed margin. The flowers are pink, red, mauve, purple, lilac, or white, and 2.5–5 cm diameter; they are pollinated by bees and other insects, and also by nectar-feeding birds. The ripe seed capsules undergo explosive dehiscence.
Human use.
Different parts of the plant are used as traditional remedies for disease and skin afflictions. Juice from the leaves is used to treat warts and snakebite, and the flower is applied to burns. This species has been used as indigenous traditional medicine in Asia for rheumatism, fractures, and other ailments. In Korean folk medicine, this impatiens species is used as a medicine called "bongseonhwa dae" (봉선화대) for the treatment of constipation and gastritis. Chinese people used the plant to treat those bitten by snakes or who ingested poisonous fish. Juice from the stalk, pulverised dried stalks, and pastes from the flowers were also used to treat a variety of ailments. Vietnamese wash their hair with an extract of the plant to stimulate hair growth. One "in vitro" study found extracts of this impatiens species, especially of the seed pod, to be active against antibiotic-resistant strains of "Helicobacter pylori". It is also an inhibitor of 5α-reductases, enzymes that converts testosterone to dihydrotestosterone (active form of testosterone), thus reducing action of testosterone in our body.
In Nepal, the balsam leaves are crushed to dye fingernails on the day of Shrawan Sakranti (Shrawan 1). The day is also observed as Luto Faalne Deen (Go Away-Itch Day). Similarly, in China and Korea, the flowers are crushed and mixed with alum to produce an orange dye that can be used to dye fingernails. Unlike common nail varnish, the dye is semi-permanent, requiring dyed nails to grow off over time in order to remove any traces of color.
Chemistry.
The naphthoquinones lawsone, or hennotannic acid, and lawsone methyl ether and methylene-3,3'-bilawsone are some of the active compounds in "I. balsamina" leaves. It also contains kaempferol and several derivatives. Baccharane glycosides have been found in Chinese herbal remedies made from the seeds.
Ecology.
It is widely cultivated as an ornamental plant, and has become naturalised and invasive on several Pacific Ocean islands.
In popular culture.
Balsam flowers are referenced in the Okinawan folk song "Tinsagu Nu Hana", where the way children use them to color their nails is compared to how parents color (teach and guide) the minds of their children. 
The Japanese vocaloid song "Housenka" (鳳仙花, which translates to "Impatiens Balsamina") describes a person who doesn't fit in with a social group despite wanting to. In the music video, the singer laments this fate and compares herself to the plant. She references its "touch-me-not" nickname and the Hedgehog's Dilemma-esque explosive dehiscence of its seeds by saying: "Don't touch me," the balsam [says], fallen silent. And yet it can't leave seeds unless it breaks from its shell. 

</doc>
<doc id="7052244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052244" title="Jackie Brandt">
Jackie Brandt

John George Brandt Jr. (born April 28, 1934) is an American former professional baseball outfielder, who played in the major leagues for the St. Louis Cardinals (), New York / San Francisco Giants (–), Baltimore Orioles (–), Philadelphia Phillies (–), and Houston Astros (1967). Born in Omaha, Nebraska, where he attended Omaha Benson High School, he threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed . He was originally signed by the Cardinals as an amateur free agent before the season.
Brandt made his big league debut on April 21, 1956, against the Milwaukee Braves at Sportsman's Park, then was traded to the New York Giants almost two months later. In a noteworthy rookie season, he posted a .298 batting average, 125 games played, 12 home runs, and 50 runs batted in. In 1959, he won a Gold Glove for his stellar play as the San Francisco Giants' regular left fielder, then was traded to Baltimore, where he would have his most productive years.
Brandt's best season was , when he was named to the American League All-Star team. He finished ninth in the American League batting race, with a .297 batting average, and he had several career highs, including 153 hits, 516 at bats, 73 runs batted in, 93 runs scored, and a .371 on-base percentage. The Orioles had a great year, winning 95 games and losing only 67.
One of Brandt's most memorable games took place at Baltimore Memorial Stadium, on September 12, 1964. He drove in the only run in a rare battle of complete game one-hitters between Orioles left-hander Frank Bertaina and Kansas City Athletics southpaw Bob Meyer. Teammate Bob Saverine entered the 0–0 game in the bottom of the 8th inning, as a pinch runner for John Orsino, who had doubled. Saverine advanced to third on a Bertaina sacrifice bunt, then scored when Brandt hit a sacrifice fly to right field.
Brandt was traded with Darold Knowles from the Orioles to the Phillies for Jack Baldschun on December 6, 1965. As a Phillie, he was the last player to bat against Sandy Koufax during a regular-season game, striking out for the final out of the 1966 regular season finale. Koufax retired from baseball after the 1966 World Series, starting and losing Game 2 in a four-game sweep captured by the Orioles — the 66-year-old franchise's first world championship.
Brandt career statistics included 1,221 games, 1,020 hits, 112 home runs, 485 runs batted in, 540 runs, a .262 batting average, and a .412 slugging percentage.

</doc>
<doc id="7052253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052253" title="Vishal Sangh">
Vishal Sangh

Vishal Sangh was a cane farmers' union established in Fiji on 1 September 1946, by mainly Sikh farmers, who refused to re-join the Kisan Sangh after its reunification following its split into two factions in 1943. It was led by Mehar Singh, one of the founding members of the Kisan Sangh and its former vice-president.
The Vishal Sangh played an active role in negotiations for cane contracts in 1950 and 1960 but always aligned itself with A. D. Patel and the Maha Sangh. It was regarded by many as a tool of A.D. Patel in his political ambitions. The Sikhs supporting the Vishal Sangh remained loyal members of Federation Party for many years.
Because of its small support base, the Vishal Sangh had an insignificant impact on the Fiji sugar industry after 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="7052260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052260" title="Adrian Holovaty">
Adrian Holovaty

Adrian Holovaty (born 1981) is an American web developer, musician and entrepreneur from Chicago, Illinois, living in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. He is co-creator of the Django web framework and an advocate of "journalism via computer programming".
Life and career.
Holovaty, a Ukrainian American, grew up in Naperville, Illinois and attended Naperville North High School. While serving as co-editor of the high school's newspaper, The North Star, a censored article about a faculty member sexually assaulting a student reignited an anti-censorship debate in the Illinois house of representatives. He graduated from the Missouri School of Journalism in 2001 and worked as a web developer/journalist for "The Atlanta Journal-Constitution", "Lawrence Journal-World" and "The Washington Post" before starting EveryBlock, a web startup that provided "microlocal" news, in 2007.
While working at the "Lawrence Journal-World" from 2002 to 2005, he and other web developers (Simon Willison, Jacob Kaplan-Moss and Wilson Miner) created Django, an open source web application framework for Python. He and Kaplan-Moss served as the framework's Benevolent Dictators for Life until January 2014. The pair wrote "The Django Book", first published in 2007.
In 2012, he and PJ Macklin founded Soundslice, a website for learning, practicing and teaching music, via "interactive sheet music" that is synced with real audio and video recordings.
In 2018, he was named co-chair of the W3C Music Notation Community Group, given responsibility over developing MNX, a new, open format for encoding music notation.
Guitar.
Holovaty is a Fingerstyle and Gypsy jazz guitarist. Since 2007 he has posted videos of his acoustic guitar arrangements on YouTube, building an audience of more than 30,000 subscribers.
In 2023, he released an album of 10 original guitar instrumentals, "Melodic Guitar Music."
He has served on the guitar faculty of Django In June, an instructional camp for Gypsy jazz music, for several years.
Crime mapping innovations.
In 2005, Holovaty launched chicagocrime.org, a Google Maps mashup of Chicago Police Department crime data. The site won the 2005 Batten Award for Innovations in Journalism and was named by "The New York Times" as one of 2005's best ideas.
As one of the first Google Maps mashups, it helped influence Google to create its official Google Maps API. Newspaper sites such as the "Chicago Tribune" and the "Chicago Sun-Times" have incorporated a map from EveryBlock, the successor to chicagocrime.org, into their web sites.
In 2007, Holovaty was awarded a $1.1 million Knight Foundation grant and left his job as editor of editorial innovations at washingtonpost.com to start EveryBlock, the successor to chicagocrime.org. On August 17, 2009, EveryBlock was officially acquired by MSNBC. The terms of the deal were not disclosed. In February 2013, NBC News announced that it was shutting down EveryBlock. The service was re-launched by Comcast NBCUniversal in January, 2014 and operated in Boston, Chicago, Denver, Fresno, Hialeah, Houston, Medford, Nashville, Philadelphia, and Seattle. On July 19, 2018, EveryBlock was acquired by social networking service Nextdoor and shut down.

</doc>
<doc id="7052268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052268" title="Kopites">
Kopites



</doc>
<doc id="7052270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052270" title="Michael Hawley">
Michael Hawley

Michael Jerome Hawley (November 18, 1961 – June 24, 2020) was an American academic and artist working in the field of digital media. Previously at MIT’s Media Laboratory where he was a professor and held the Alexander W. Dreyfoos, Jr. endowed chair, Hawley was the founder or co-founder of several major research programs and projects including MIT's GO Expeditions program, Things That Think, Toys of Tomorrow, Counter Intelligence (a culinary research effort), and founder of the nonprofit organization Friendly Planet. He notably was the scientific director of the American Expedition on Mount Everest in 1998, one of the first major scientific expeditions on Everest. Hawley's work has been featured in major media such as "National Geographic", "Time", "The New York Times", and on numerous television networks. His work at MIT has, in his own words, “sought to creatively stretch digital infrastructures, embedding intelligence into all sorts of artifacts and advancing the web of communications.”
Biography.
Hawley was born in November 1961 at Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, and grew up in New Providence, New Jersey. He graduated New Providence High School in 1979. As a teenager he had a job at Bell Labs in Murray Hill, working in the linguistics department. He did his undergraduate work at Yale University in the areas of music and computer science; he went on to do his doctoral work at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). In the early 1990s, while working at NeXT, he was key in the development of the world's first digital library, creating digital versions of Shakespeare and other classics. From 1993-2002, he was on the faculty at MIT as the Dreyfoos chair, and from there he became Director of Special Projects at MIT's Media Laboratory. Musical work from this period appeared on a CD, "Computing Systems Usenix Music," distributed as a supplement to the journal Computing Systems. Michael's work and research have spanned the topics of psychology, computer music, digital video editing, human–computer interfaces, documentary photography, and more.
Hawley was also a pianist and organist. He won first place, tying with Victoria Bragin, at the third International Piano Competition for Outstanding Amateurs, hosted by the Van Cliburn Foundation in 2002. His teachers have included Earl Wild and Ward Davenny, and he has performed solo recitals, chamber concerts and appeared as soloist with major orchestras. Notably, his competition pieces included his own piano arrangement of Leonard Bernstein's "Symphonic Dances from "West Side Story"". He also accompanied cellist Yo-Yo Ma in performing the wedding march at the marriage of TV host and scientist Bill Nye and musician and author Blair Tindall at Richard Saul Wurman’s 2006 "The Entertainment Gathering" conference (EG1). Hawley also directed EG3 in Monterey, California, in 2008. He was prominently featured in the 2010 documentary "Bach &amp; Friends".
He was the scientific director of an expedition to Mount Everest in 1998.
Personal life.
Hawley and Cambodian-born Nina You were married in Bhutan in a traditional Bhutanese blessing ceremony held at Kyichu Lhakhang, a 7th-century temple that is considered to be one of the most sacred sites in Bhutan. Previously, he and Nina eloped privately in Venice.
Hawley and You resided with their son in a historic church in Cambridge where he owned three pianos.
Their dogs, Tashi and Karma, are Bjop-chi mastiffs from Bhutan. Virtually unknown outside the Himalayas, this working breed is an ancient Bhutanese mountain form of Tibetan mastiff and for thousands of years has been the loyal family dog of high-altitude peoples like the Brokpa seminomadic yak herders of Merak and Sakteng.
Hawley died on June 24, 2020, from colon cancer, at his home in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="7052271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052271" title="Qishan (official)">
Qishan (official)

Qishan (; 18 January 1786 – 3 August 1854), courtesy name Jing'an, was a Mongol nobleman and official of the late Qing dynasty. He was of Khalkha Mongol and Borjigit descent, and his family was under the Plain Yellow Banner of the Manchu Eight Banners. He is best known for negotiating the Convention of Chuanbi on behalf of the Qing government with the British during the First Opium War of 1839–42.
Life.
Qishan was a Khalkha Mongol by birth and was from the Borjigit clan. His 7th generator ancestor Enggeder had led his followers to submit to the Qing Empire and received a hereditary first class marquis peerage in return. Qishan inherited the peerage from his ancestor. His father, Chengde (), served as a general in Hangzhou and "dutong" (都統; a military commander) in Rehe Province.
In 1806, Qishan obtained the position of a "yinsheng" (蔭生; or "shengyuan" 生員) in the entry-level imperial examination and was recruited into the civil service as a "yuanwailang" (員外郎; assistant director) in the Ministry of Justice. In 1819, he was promoted to "xunfu" (provincial governor) of Henan Province but was later demoted to "zhushi" () and put in charge of river works. Since then, he served in a number of appointments, including Viceroy of Shandong (1821-1825), Liangjiang (1825–1827), Sichuan (1829–1831) and Zhili (1831–1840), and Grand Scholar of Wenyuan Cabinet ().
In 1840, during the First Opium War, the Daoguang Emperor ordered Qishan to replace Lin Zexu as the acting Viceroy of Liangguang (covering Guangdong and Guangxi provinces). Qishan was also tasked with negotiating peace with the British. Upon witnessing British naval power, he ordered his troops to evacuate from the artillery batteries and sent Bao Peng () to meet the British at Chuanbi (穿鼻; present-day Humen, Guangdong Province) and call for a peace settlement.
On 20 January 1841, without seeking approval from the Qing imperial court, Qishan agreed to the Convention of Chuenpi with the British. Among other things, the convention stipulated that the Qing Empire would pay the British an indemnity of six million silver coins and cede Hong Kong Island. The Daoguang Emperor was furious when he found out later that Qishan had agreed to the convention without his permission. He ordered Qishan to be arrested and escorted as a criminal to Beijing for trial. Qishan had his properties and assets confiscated and was sentenced to military service.
Qishan was pardoned later and reinstated as an official in 1842. He was subsequently appointed as Imperial Resident in Tibet (1843–1847), a second term as Viceroy of Sichuan (1846–1849), and Viceroy of Shaan-Gan (1849–1851).
In 1852, during the reign of the Xianfeng Emperor, Qishan was appointed as an Imperial Commissioner to oversee Qing imperial forces in suppressing the Taiping Rebellion. He set up the "Jiangbei Camp" () on the northern bank of the Yangtze River at Yangzhou, with 18,000 troops stationed there. He died in the autumn of 1854 in camp. The Qing government granted him the posthumous name "Wenqin" ().

</doc>
<doc id="7052273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052273" title="Rusty Lyon">
Rusty Lyon



</doc>
<doc id="7052288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052288" title="Spitlers Edge">
Spitlers Edge

Spitlers Edge is a ridge running along the eastern edge of Anglezarke Moor, Chorley, Lancashire, England from Standing Stones Hill to Hordern Stoops. The peak, complete with a cairn at , is the high point of the moorland. Redmonds Edge links Spitlers Edge to Great Hill and is paved. As of 2017, there are plans to extend the paving along the length of Spitlers Edge - with funding secured from the Lancashire Environmental Fund and United Utilities.
Along the length of the edge is a stone wall of some historical importance - the boundary was built in 1841 as a relief measure to provide respite from the Hungry Forties, and is the parliamentary division boundary between Chorley and Blackburn. The name is derived from the fact that in mediaeval times, the Knights Hospitallers of St. John of Jerusalem used this route when travelling to their holdings in this district. The ridge provides the peaks that supply the source water to the River Yarrow.

</doc>
<doc id="7052291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052291" title="Humble Oil">
Humble Oil

Humble Oil and Refining Co. was an American oil company founded in 1911 in Humble, Texas. In 1919, a 50% interest in Humble was acquired by the Standard Oil of New Jersey which acquired the rest of the company in September 1959. The Humble brand was used by Standard Oil of New Jersey until 1973, when the company rebranded nationwide as Exxon and discontinued Humble, along with its other brands Esso and Enco.
Today, Humble's assets are owned and operated by ExxonMobil, which formed from the merger of Exxon and Mobil (Standard Oil of New York) in 1999.
History.
The Humble Oil Company was chartered by Walter Fondren Sr., and brothers Ross Sterling and Frank Sterling, in February 1911. They were joined by their sister, Florence M. Sterling, who became assistant, and later full, secretary and treasurer of the company. The three siblings were often referred to as the "Trio."
On June 21, 1917, the company was re-organized as "Humble Oil and Refining Company" and incorporated with a capitalization of $1 million. William Stamps Farish II (1881–1942), was the primary organizer. Farish served as vice president for five years and, in 1922, he became the president of Humble Oil and Refining Co. In 1933, he became chairman of the board of Standard Oil Company of New Jersey (later Exxon Company), which held substantial stock interest in Humble, and in 1937, he became president of Standard.
National expansion, introduction of Enco brand.
Humble's restructuring allowed both companies to sell and market gasoline nationwide under the Esso, Enco and Humble brands. The Enco brand was introduced by Humble in the summer of 1960 at stations in Ohio, but was soon blackballed after Standard Oil of Ohio (Sohio) protested that Enco (Humble's acronym for "ENergy COmpany") sounded and looked too much like Esso as it shared the same oval logo with blue border and red letters with the two middle letters the only difference. At that point, the stations in Ohio were rebranded Humble (but the gasoline, motor oil, and lubricant products kept the name Enco) until the name change to Exxon in 1972.
Humble Oil also had service/gas stations branded as "Carter" in Colorado. They were changed to ENCO in the early 60's.
Though the Enco brand was discontinued in Ohio, it was rolled out in other non-Esso states, including service stations in the Midwestern U.S. operated by Jersey affiliate Pate Oil and in the Pacific Northwest by affiliate Carter Oil. The Humble brand was used at Texas stations for decades as those operations were under the direction of Jersey Standard affiliate, Humble Oil, and in the mid-to-late 1950s, Humble expanded to other Southwestern states including New Mexico, Arizona, and Oklahoma. In the spring of 1961, Humble stations in Oklahoma, New Mexico, and Arizona were rebranded as Enco, and the Enco brand appeared on gasoline and lubricant products at Humble stations in Texas that same year, although service stations in the Lone Star State were not changed to Enco until 1962. During that time, Humble also expanded the Enco brand to new marketing areas it entered for the first time, including the West Coast.
In 1963, Humble was approached by Tidewater Oil Company, a major gasoline marketer along the eastern and western seaboards, to purchase Tidewater's refining and marketing operations on the west coast, a move that would have given Humble a large number of existing stations and a refinery in California, which was then the fastest-growing gasoline market. However, the U.S. Justice Department objected to Humble's plan and Tidewater's west coast operations were sold to Phillips Petroleum in 1966. Meanwhile, Humble gradually built up new and rebranded service stations in California and other western states under the Enco brand and purchased a large number of stations from Signal Oil Company in 1967, followed by the opening of a new refinery in Benicia, California, in 1969.
In 1966, the Justice Department ordered Humble to "cease and desist" from using the Esso brand at stations in several Southeastern states following protests from Standard Oil of Kentucky (a Standard Oil of California subsidiary by that time and in the process of rebranding the Kyso stations as Chevron). By 1967, stations in each of those states were rebranded as Enco.
Discontinuation of the Humble, Enco brands in favor of Exxon.
Despite the success of the "Put A Tiger In Your Tank" advertising campaign introduced by Humble in 1959, to promote its Enco/Esso Extra gasolines, the similar oval logotypes, the Happy Motoring! tagline used in advertisements that also appeared overhead of service bays at each station, use of the Humble name in all Esso/Enco ads and the uniformity in design and products of Humble stations nationwide, the company still had difficulties promoting itself as a nationwide gasoline marketer competing against truly national brands such as Texaco — then a 50-state marketer and the only company selling products under one brand name in each state. Humble officials realized that, by the late 1960s, the time had come to swallow its pride by developing a new brand name that could be used nationwide throughout the U.S. At first, consideration was given to simply rebranding all stations as "Enco", but that was shelved when it was learned that "Enco" means "stalled car" in Japanese.
To create a unified brand, the company rebranded all its U.S. service stations, along with its gasoline and other petroleum products, from Esso and Enco (Humble in Ohio) to Exxon nationwide during the summer and fall of 1972, following the successful test marketing of the Exxon brand and logo in late 1971 and early 1972 at rebranded Enco/Esso stations in certain U.S. cities. The name change, one of the most expensive in the history of the U.S. oil industry, not only involved advertisements and identifying street signs at service stations, but also gasoline pumps, product packaging, tankers, transport and delivery trucks, hundreds of smaller signs at more than 25,000 service stations, and millions of credit cards sent to account holders to replace their previous Esso/Enco cards.
The corporate name change from Standard Oil of New Jersey to Exxon Corporation took effect January 1, 1973, along with the name change of domestic refining/marketing division Humble Oil and Refining Co. to Exxon USA, and the mergers of Esso Chemicals and Enjay Chemicals into Exxon Chemicals.
Early research into global warming.
In 1957, scientists from Humble Oil published a study tracking “the enormous quantity of carbon dioxide” contributed to the atmosphere since the Industrial Revolution “from the combustion of fossil fuels.” Exxon was aware of these findings and later researched the effect of its own company on global warming.
Monterey County (CA) expansion.
In 1965 Humble had intended to kickstart a massive 60-square-mile development plan for the Moss Landing area that would have significantly impacted the area's natural beauty and altered its economic development. The company wanted to build a 50,000-barrel-a-day refinery with plans to expand to 150,000-200,000 barrels-a-day on a 444-acre site on the wetlands near Moss Landing at the Elkhorn Slough. Monterey County was deeply divided on the plan with tourism proponents, some agricultural interests and a nascent environmental movement opposing the refinery. However, public opinion surveys showed greater than 2 to 1 support for the Humble Oil refinery with Warren Church supervisorial district in favor with 82%. The board of supervisors, after a 17-hour marathon public meeting, voted 3–2 to back the plan, with Church in favor of it because his district overwhelmingly backed the plan. But Church and others added many tough restrictions to the project a few weeks later at a 12-hour meeting that set the conditions for the permit. "It is not just the Humble Oil refinery we are fighting at Moss Landing," said Carmel Highlands photographer Ansel Adams prior to the decision. "It is the whole industrial complex which will inevitability follow and change the whole complexion of this Monterey County."
The Humble project was approved, but the planning commission (which had previously rejected the project by a 5–4 vote) had imposed 36 conditions many that had never been imposed on an industry before. Church added three more which included for parking, sulfur recovery and carbon monoxide emissions. As a part of the imposed conditions on the approval for Humble Oil, Church asked that three air-pollution stations be set up in Monterey County to monitor air quality for two-years prior to Humble starting to build. Church said that the county needed to do so in order to "obtain 'guidelines' to determine what pollutants an oil refinery may contribute." Church's intentions were that Humble be required to pay for and maintain the stations. "The Salinas Californian" stated, “It is conceivable in the future that other areas debating the admittance of an oil refinery will look at Monterey County as an example of strict regulations. The conditions are that unique.” One of the most restrictive conditions forbade Humble Oil from expanding significantly without getting a new permit.
By the spring of 1966, Humble Oil was expressing the need for a larger refinery than initially permitted. Church publicly declared that there was not a majority on the board of supervisors for a larger refinery. Although not identifying himself as the supervisor switching his position on Humble, it is widely accepted that it was Church who refused to back a larger refinery unless Humble could “prove” that a smaller one would comply with the county's restrictions. On May 18, 1966, Humble Oil announced a suspension of all activities at Moss Landing, publicly stating that a prime reason for abandoning the site was the difficulty of achieving a permit for a larger refinery. Public outcry and a legal challenge plus engineering problems also discouraged Humble Oil, and they eventually pulled out of Monterey County and decided to build a bigger refinery up north in more-welcoming Benicia.

</doc>
<doc id="7052305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052305" title="Damadam Mast Qalandar">
Damadam Mast Qalandar



</doc>
<doc id="7052307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052307" title="It's Always Rock and Roll">
It's Always Rock and Roll



</doc>
<doc id="7052308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052308" title="List of rivers of the Isle of Man">
List of rivers of the Isle of Man

This is a list of rivers of the Isle of Man. It is organised geographically, taken anti-clockwise, from Douglas. Tributaries are listed down the page in an upstream direction.

</doc>
<doc id="7052329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052329" title="British Transport Hotels">
British Transport Hotels

British Transport Hotels (BTH) was the hotels and catering business of the nationalised railway system in Great Britain.
History.
Origins of the company.
Britain's private railway companies pioneered the concept of the railway hotel, initially at locations such as London Euston and Birmingham Curzon Street where hotels were opened at the start of trunk railway operation in 1839. Most of the railway companies followed suit, and by 1913 there were 93 railway owned hotels. After grouping, the policies of the 'big four' railway companies differed considerably: the LMS and LNER, which had the longest routes, were the most enthusiastic.
The Hotels Executive (1948–53).
At the nationalisation of transport in Great Britain on 1 January 1948, and the establishment of the British Transport Commission, hotels and catering came under the control of BTC's Railway Executive. However, on 1 July 1948 they were separated from direct railway control and placed under British Transport Commission's Hotels Executive, chaired by Lord Inman, who was later succeeded by Sir Harry Methven. At this point the Hotels Executive acquired 55 hotels and 400 station refreshment rooms, along with various golf courses, tennis courts, laundries, wine cellars, bottling stores and even a farm (at St Ives in Cornwall).
British Transport Hotel and Catering Services (1953–63).
The Conservative government elected in 1951 sought to alter the structure of the British Transport Commission and its subsidiaries. One consequence was that the Hotels Executive was abolished on 19 August 1953, and the BTC took direct control, establishing a "Hotel and Catering Services Division" to run them. Sir Harry Methven, the last Chairman of the Hotels Executive, became a member of the BTC.
British Transport Hotels Ltd (1963–83).
In 1962 the BTC was abolished, and its rail businesses were transferred to the newly established British Railways Board. The BRB Chairman, Richard Beeching, argued for the retention of the hotels within the BRB's rail portfolio, and BTH Ltd was established to manage them. The intention was to give BTH a high degree of autonomy, including bringing in outside expertise in the hotel business to the BTH board. The Railways Act 1968 empowered BTH to expand beyond the railway estate, and the company considered opening a number of new hotels. In the event only one such hotel was opened – the Old Course at St Andrews – in 1968, before the Conservative government elected in 1970 stopped further expansion. The remainder of the hotel estate was rationalised: the 34 hotels inherited by BTH had been reduced to 29 by 1979.
The end (1983–84).
Following the victory of the Conservative Party at the 1979 general election, led by Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, and the deteriorating economic situation, pressure was put on nationalised industries such as British Rail to consider asset disposal. It was not long before the BTH Hotels were under review. The management at the time, led by Peter Land, tried to establish a viable structure for a management buyout, which would have kept the group more or less intact and would have delivered a smooth transfer to the private sector. As Peter Land notes in his book "Sauce Supreme", politics rendered this plan impossible and the hotels were sold by open tender, realising a much lower value for the UK taxpayer than the management buyout would have done. By 1984, the disposal was complete and the history of BTH was at an end.
List of hotels in 1948.
The British Transport Commission took over the following hotels from the big four railway companies in 1948:

</doc>
<doc id="7052337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052337" title="Touchdown dances">
Touchdown dances



</doc>
<doc id="7052348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052348" title="GeForce 3">
GeForce 3



</doc>
<doc id="7052351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052351" title="Html tags">
Html tags



</doc>
<doc id="7052354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052354" title="John Ernest III, Duke of Saxe-Weimar">
John Ernest III, Duke of Saxe-Weimar



</doc>
<doc id="7052364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052364" title="Time in Norway">
Time in Norway

 
In Norway the standard time is the Central European Time (CET). Norway observes Summer Time ("sommertid", daylight saving time). The transition dates are the same as for other European countries.
Svalbard and Jan Mayen observe the same time as the mainland.
The westernmost point in Norway proper is on 4°30′E longitude, meaning 42 minutes difference between mean solar time and official time, while the easternmost point in Norway proper is on 31°10′E longitude, meaning 64 minutes difference between mean solar time and official time. The difference between those points is 26°41′ or 1 hour 46 minutes. The 15° E meridian passes Norway in the northern part of the country, from north over Vesterålen and Lofoten islands, then Vestfjorden and finally Salten and Saltfjellet, a total distance of about 320 km. The vast majority of the population in Norway lives to the west of the 15°E longitude.
IANA time zone database.
The IANA time zone database contains one zone for the area with ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code NO (Norway) in the file zone.tab, where it is named "Europe/Oslo".
Svalbard is covered by the zone Arctic/Longyearbyen, while Jan Mayen is covered by Atlantic/Jan Mayen. Both are links to Europe/Oslo.
Data for Norway directly from zone.tab of the IANA time zone database. Columns marked with * are the columns from zone.tab itself.
Daylight saving time.
Norway follows the European Union in this matter.
History.
Norway was comparably late to introduce an official standard time, mainly due to the lack of a railway network connecting the country in an east–west direction. Throughout Norway, the main means of transport were by cart onshore and ship at sea, both too slow and unpredictable to have an issue with the local time. With the introduction of the electrical telegraph in 1855 between Kristiania (Oslo) and Drammen, the local time of Copenhagen, Denmark was used for this purpose, until 1866 when it was replaced by Oslo local time, which was 7 minutes later. The railways from the Eastern terminus (Østbanen) in Oslo used Oslo local time, while the railways from the Western terminus (Vestbanen) used Drammen local time, a difference of 4 minutes. The unconnected (during 19th century with large gaps to the Oslo network) railways from Bergen and Stavanger used these cities local time, both 22 minutes after Oslo time.
It was not until 1885 the first suggestions came to introduce standard time in Norway, but this met great opposition by influencing groups and locally in the districts of Norway. The most complicated of four propositions was to divide Norway into 5 time zones 15 minutes apart. But none of them was accepted. In 1893 the time issue emerged again, and since the last time, the neighbouring countries Sweden and Denmark had adopted standard time, so also Germany (Central European time). In Norway, the railways in western and eastern Norway were planned to be connected in a few years (happened 1909), and now the proposition to adapt to Central European was widely accepted. Hence, one standard time was introduced on January 1, 1895, and has since then remained Greenwich + 1 (Central European time). On this date church clocks were either moved backward (east of 15°E), or forward (west of 15°E), except for Hadsel and Steigen parishes that continued with their local time as their churches lie almost on the 15°E meridian. The local time continued to live on for quite some time, especially in rural communities, where both the local and standard time were in use (the latter being referred to as "railway time").
In Norway, summer time was observed in 1916, 1943–45, and 1959–65. The arrangement 1959-65 was controversial, and was discontinued 1965. Their neighbour, Sweden, did not use it during this period. However, in 1980 summer time was reintroduced (together with Sweden and Denmark), and since 1996 Norway has followed the European Union regarding transition dates.

</doc>
<doc id="7052369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052369" title="Warrendale, Pennsylvania">
Warrendale, Pennsylvania

Warrendale (originally founded as Brush Creek) is a northern suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located in the northwestern corner of Allegheny County. It is the home to the corporate headquarters of Joy Mining Machinery, Printing Industries of America and SAE International, as well as the United States Postal Service Pittsburgh Network Distribution Center, one of 21 such mail delivery hubs in the country. Originally founded as Brush Creek, it was renamed to Warrendale in 1907, after the local Warren family that originally resided there in the late 1700s.
It was the home to one of American Eagle Outfitters' four North American distribution centers, before it closed.
It was the home to the corporate headquarters of rue21 before they closed in 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="7052375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052375" title="Green Mansions (film)">
Green Mansions (film)

Green Mansions is a 1959 American adventure-romance film directed by Mel Ferrer. It is based upon the 1904 novel "Green Mansions" by William Henry Hudson. The film starred Audrey Hepburn (who at the time was married to Ferrer) as Rima, a jungle girl who falls in love with a Venezuelan traveller played by Anthony Perkins. Also appearing in the film were Lee J. Cobb, Sessue Hayakawa and Henry Silva. The score was by Heitor Villa-Lobos and Bronislau Kaper.
The film was intended to be the first of several projects directed by Ferrer and starring his wife, but ultimately this was the only one released. It was one of the few critical and box office failures of Hepburn's career. Vincente Minnelli had been slated to direct the film, but delays in the project led Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to choose Ferrer to direct.
The film was the first feature film to be photographed using Panavision lenses for 35mm anamorphic widescreen cinematography; however, the process listed on the titles was CinemaScope, the 35mm anamorphic widescreen process developed in the early 1950s by 20th Century-Fox in conjunction with the U.S. optical company Bausch and Lomb. MGM resented having to both rent the special lenses and pay a royalty to Fox for use of the CinemaScope credit on its films, so it engaged Panavision, a then small Los Angeles-area manufacturer of anamorphic projection lenses for theaters, to develop anamorphic lenses for photographing MGM's widescreen productions. Given the popularity and public awareness of the CinemaScope brand, MGM entered in to an agreement with Fox to continue paying for the use of the CinemaScope title on its productions while actually using the new Panavision lenses and listing a small credit elsewhere in the titles, "Process Lenses by Panavision". Projected in the theater, the processes are identical in terms of the size of the film used and the screen width and height. By the late 1960s, Fox adopted Panavision for use on its 35mm anamorphic widescreen productions and withdrew the CinemaScope lenses from the market as Panavision had become the motion picture industry's standard due to its reputation for superior optical performance.
Plot.
A young man named Abel narrowly escapes Caracas, Venezuela after it is overtaken by rebels. He decides to seek revenge, as his father, the former minister of war, was killed. After getting supplies, he takes a canoe to the far shore, where he is nearly killed by a jaguar, but he is saved by the native people.
He decides to prove his bravery by not moving once he sees the chief, Runi and telling his story. The natives are impressed and do not kill him. After a while, Runi's son Kua-ko, who has lived with the missionaries of Caracas and speaks English, tells Abel that Runi has agreed so long as he does not harm them, they will not harm him. Abel agrees and befriends Kua-ko, who tells him of the "Bird Woman", who killed his older brother, and that their tribe is not allowed in the nearby forest.
Abel ignores the warning and ventures into the forest, where he sees a young woman who quickly disappears. He returns to the natives and Kua-ko tells him that Runi wishes Abel to use his gun and kill the girl. He returns to the forest, but decides to warn the girl. He sees her again, but he is bitten by a coral snake. The girl takes Abel to her home and tends his wound. Upon waking, he meets the girl's grandfather, Nuflo, who tells him her name is Rima.
The next day, with his leg wounded by the snake, Abel meets Rima again, and they begin to talk. Rima takes a liking to him, but Nuflo warns her that he will leave once his leg heals. Abel soon is able to walk without a cane, and Rima therefore begins showing him the forest. Abel tells her that he has come to like her as well, and Rima is confused. She goes to speak with her dead mother's spirit and decides to return to where she came from to ask a village elder about her strange new feelings for Abel. Later, Abel and Rima travel to the edge of the forest, where he shows her Riolama, which she remembers as her village. Despite Nuflo's initial reluctance to take her, Rima forces him to show her the way by threatening his soul if he does not.
Abel decides it is time for him to return to the natives. He tells Runi of how Rima saved him, but neither he nor Kua-ko believe him. He quickly realizes that Kua-ko killed his brother and placed the blame on Rima. After a bravery test (withstanding bee and wasp stings without making a sound), Kua-ko and the natives make ready to enter the forest and kill Rima.
Abel escapes and warns Nuflo and Rima, and they escape to Riolama, where Nuflo tells Abel that he cannot return to the village because he caused a massacre. He managed to help Rima and her mother, and he promised to take care of Rima, but he was ashamed at his part in the massacre. Rima overhears and curses Nuflo. She then rushes to Riolama, where she faints in the heat. Abel follows and takes her to safety. When she awakens, Abel tells her how he has come to love her, and Rima does also, having only come to decipher her strange feelings and now recognizing them as love for him.
Rima steals away while Abel is asleep to go back to Nuflo and apologize, but when she finds him, the natives have burnt their home and he is nearly dead. She asks his forgiveness, and with his last words, Nuflo tries to warn her of the natives. She races through the forest to escape. Kua-ko burns the great tree where she has hidden. Meanwhile, Abel awakens and realizes what Rima has done. He quickly follows and finds Kua-ko, who teases that he killed her. The two fight into a stream, where Abel manages to drown Kua-ko.
Abel remembers a flower Rima told him of, which, if it disappears in one place, blossoms in another. He finds the flower, and not far off, he sees Rima, who extends her hand.
Critical reception.
Although considerable effort had been made to produce a faithful and convincing rendering of the book, the film was not reviewed well by critics at the time, and it was not a commercial success.
Production notes.
In 1933, after the success of the film "Bird of Paradise" (1932), RKO Pictures tried to reunite the star couple Dolores del Río and Joel McCrea in "Green Mansions". However, the project was canceled. Twenty-five years later, the project was resumed by Edmund Grainger and Mel Ferrer with MGM.
Ferrer traveled to Venezuela to select possible filming locations, but concluded that the jungles there were too dense and dark to allow their use in the action sequences of the film. He did arrange for nearly an hour of jungle footage to be filmed south of Orinoco and in the Parahauri Mountains, much of which was incorporated into the film. The action sequences were filmed on indoor stages and at Lone Pine, California.
Ferrer had several snakes and birds native to the Venezuelan jungle captured and shipped to Hollywood for use in filming. He also brought a baby deer to the residence he shared with Hepburn, and they raised it for several months before filming so that it could be used in several scenes where Rima interacted with the forest creatures.
Music.
Villa-Lobos.
The Brazilian composer Heitor Villa-Lobos was commissioned to write the full score for the film. However, his music was inspired by the original novel rather than the film adaptation.
Unhappy with the way his music had been used, Villa Lobos edited his full score into the cantata "Forest of the Amazon (Floresta do Amazonas)". It premiered in 1959 in New York City with the Symphony of the Air and the soprano Bidu Sayão under the composer's direction. The same artists recorded it in stereophonic sound for United Artists Records, which released it on LP and reel-to-reel tape. The recording had a limited release on CD.
Alfred Heller, a friend and associate of Villa Lobos, made a modern digital recording of the complete uncut cantata (74 minutes) with soprano Renee Fleming, along with the Moscow Radio Symphony Orchestra. He wrote on the Amazon website that Villa-Lobos had completed work on the full cantata in December 1958. The United Artists recording used about 46 minutes of the cantata.
Kaper.
A separate source from that quoted above indicates that the score by Villa-Lobos was composed from a translated script before completion of the editing of the film. Although Villa-Lobos did some work on the edited film, the task of scoring the completed film was done by Bronislau Kaper, with Charles Wolcott as the conductor.
For the final score, Kaper wrote original material and used or adapted material composed by Villa-Lobos. Additional music and arrangements were supplied by Sidney Cutner and Leo Arnaud. The love theme "Song of Green Mansions" was composed by Kaper, with lyrics by Paul Francis Webster. The complete Kaper score was issued on CD in 2005 on Film Score Monthly records.
Reception.
Box office.
Despite Hepburn's popularity, the film was a box-office disaster. It earned $1,190,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $1.2 million in other markets, resulting in a loss of $2,430,000.
Critical.
"Filmink", discussing George Peppard in "Breakfast at Tiffany's", reflected "matching it against Audrey Hepburn isn’t always easy – look at Anthony Perkins in "Green Mansions"."
Home media.
The VHS film had only been available in cropped pan and scan transfers. Warner UK struck a deal with former special interest label Digital Classics to release "Green Mansions". The film subsequently received an anamorphic NTSC DVD release in the UK on 6 April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="7052384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052384" title="The Lost EP">
The Lost EP

The Lost EP (also known as "The "Lost" EP" and "Lost EP") was a 1985 release by New Zealand band The Chills.
The title originates from the fact that the recordings which make up the EP were thought to be lost for some time, resulting in the delayed release of the EP.
All six tracks from the EP were later re-released as part of the "Kaleidoscope World" compilation CD.
Reception.
"Spin"'s Evelyn McDonnell wrote, "The only things lost on this record are the band's minds occasionally, in an exultant haze of rock'n'roll. Phillipps' twisting of words and music is inspiring."

</doc>
<doc id="7052385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052385" title="Bill Rotsler">
Bill Rotsler



</doc>
<doc id="7052386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052386" title="Manuel Chaves Nogales">
Manuel Chaves Nogales

Manuel Chaves Nogales (Seville, Spain 7th August 1897 – 8th May, 1944 in London) was a Spanish journalist and writer. Politically he was a moderate left-wing republican democrat who defined himself as "antifascist and antirevolutionary". As such, he was an enthusiastic supporter of the Second Spanish Republic.
Biography.
Chaves's father was himself a journalist, and he began working in the newspaper "El Liberal" in Seville whilst he was still very young. In 1922 he moved with his wife and daughter to Madrid and there he worked for the "Heraldo de Madrid" with other young promising journalists.
In 1927 he won the most prestigious journalist prize in Spain, the "Mariano de Cavia", with a feature article on Ruth Elder, the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic. Because he was enthusiastic about the future he embarked on many risky flights including an adventurous flight to the new USSR, which gave him material for three new books: "Around the World in an Aircraft"; "A Bourgeois in Red Russia" and "A Bolshevik in Love".
In 1931 he was appointed editor in chief of the influential newspaper, "Ahora", ideologically supportive of the Republic and Manuel Azaña.
The following years he travelled extensively throughout Europe and the result was two more books on the Russian revolution: "What is Left of the Empire of Tzars", published in 1931, and "Juan Martinez, Who was There", published in 1934 which tells the story of a Spanish dancer who was caught in Russia during the 1917 revolution.
In 1935 he published a book on bullfighting, "Juan Belmonte, matador de toros, su vida y sus hazañas", which was translated into English (as "Juan Belmonte, Killer of Bulls"). It was also translated into French.
When the Spanish Civil War broke out in July 1936 Chaves supported the cause of the Republic and stayed in Madrid, even though "Ahora" was seized by a revolutionary committee; but when the republican government abandoned Madrid and fled to Valencia he, like many other Spanish intellectuals, felt forced to leave Spain, horrified by the political repression practised by the advancing national army that were preparing Madrid besiege.
In exile in Paris in 1936 he worked for "Cooperation Paris Service" which sent articles to various South American newspapers. In Paris he also collaborated with the "L’Europe Nouvelle and Candide".
In 1937 he published a new book, "A sangre y fuego. Héroes, Bestias y Mártires de España" ("By Fire and Sword. Heroes, Beasts and Martyrs of Spain"), considered one of the best books on the suffering of both sides of the civil war. In the prologue, Manuel Chaves writes that, "brutality and stupidity reigned in Spain, fed equally by the fever of communism and the blandness of fascism".
Owing to his many articles denouncing the advance of German fascism, his name was included on the Gestapo list and he was once again forced to abandon Paris when the German army approached the French capital, expressing his most profound disappointment and even outrage at the behaviour of French politicians on both the right and the left, and most of the Parisian populace.
In 1940 he arrived in London and between 1941 and 1942 he directed "The Atlantic Pacific Press Agency", worked at the Evening Standard where he had his own column, and collaborated with BBC Overseas Broadcasts.
His wife and four children had returned to the south of Spain in 1940, fleeing from the German invasion of France and so Manuel Chaves Nogales lived on his own in London for four years whilst he continued his work as a journalist, fighting against extreme right and extreme left positions. He died in May 1944 of peritonitis at the age of 46. He is buried in an unmarked grave at North Sheen Cemetery in Kew, London.

</doc>
<doc id="7052389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052389" title="Utah's Hogle Zoo">
Utah's Hogle Zoo

Utah's Hogle Zoo () is a Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA) and the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA) accredited facility. Located at the mouth of Salt Lake City's Emigration Canyon, Hogle Zoo is one of the largest zoos in the Intermountain West, and houses over 800 animals representing 139 species.
The zoo is a non-profit 501(c)(3) organization and is supported through Salt Lake County's Zoo Arts and Parks Tax and private donations raised by the Utah Zoological Society and the zoo's board of directors.
History.
The zoo has been at its present location at the mouth of Emigration Canyon since 1931 on land donated by Mr. and Mrs. James A. Hogle. Its original location was in Salt Lake City's Liberty Park. In 1916, the zoo purchased Princess Alice, an elephant, from a traveling circus. She gave birth to Prince Utah, the first elephant born in Utah. He died after eleven months. 
Affiliations.
Hogle Zoo is accredited by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums (AZA). Only ten percent of the United States' zoos are accredited by the AZA. As part of the AZA, Hogle Zoo must abide by strict husbandry, education, and guest service requirements. The organization sets standards for exhibit designs that all new exhibits must adhere to. The association manages the majority of accredited zoo's collection through Taxon Advisory Groups. Animals are only moved to other AZA locations or through programs with European accredited facilities. Every four years, members of the AZA visit Utah's Hogle Zoo to ensure their expectations are being met. As of March 2025, Hogle Zoo was accredited through September 2025.
Most of the animals at Hogle Zoo have a Species Survival Plan (SSP), which is run under the AZA and ensures genetic diversity among captive populations. The SSP pairs animals together for breeding based on their hereditary and gene pool. Most Species Survival Plans focus on threatened species or those at risk of extinction. Other animals in the zoo's collections, including in the "Rocky Shores" habitat, are rescues from the wild.
Utah's Hogle Zoo is also accredited by the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA). The organization serves a similar function as the AZA but on a global scale with a purpose of wildlife conservation and the best practices for animal welfare.
Exhibits.
Small Animal Building.
On June 12, 1971, the Small Animal Building opened to guests. The $510,000 project was funded through a million-dollar bond issue from 1968 that also funded the now closed Giraffe House (1969) and Feline Building (1970). The building was designed by Bruce J. McDermott and Associates and construction was completed by Intermountain Construction Co. The Small Animal Building is shaped like a large triangle and is separated into four sections exhibiting small mammals, birds, reptiles, amphibians, freshwater fish, and arachnids from different ecosystems.
The anchor of the exhibit is the walk-through Rainforest Zone. A rainforest environment is recreated through live plants and trees. The walls are made of lava rock from Idaho, and a waterfall runs over the lava rock and empties into two wading pools. A 40-foot diameter plastic dome covers the Rainforest Zone allowing natural light in. Several bird species fly freely among the habitat including the critically endangered Edwards's pheasant as well as a flock of roseate spoonbill. In the fall of 2024, the Rainforest Zone underwent a major renovation in which additional soil and substrate were added to support more plants and pocket planters were added onto the lava rock walls. A new misting and lighting systems were added to support the additional plants. Part of the public pathway was removed to allow more space for the zoo’s Aldabra giant tortoises, radiated tortoises, and leopard tortoise. Other updates added improved keeper amenities including a catch cage for the free-flight birds.
The perimeter of the building is divided into three different zone: Desert Zone, Temperate Zone, and Tropics Zone. Within the Desert Zone is a barless aviary designed to replicate the Sonoran Desert featuring pairs of mourning doves and northern cardinals as well as a Mojave Desert tortoise. In the Tropics Zone, a new habitat for the zoo’s rock hyrax group is being renovated. The Temperate Zone is home to long-term residents of the zoo, Bill and Hilary, a pair of Siamese crocodiles. Utah's Hogle Zoo is one of only five facilities in the United States to house this critically endangered species.
Surrounding the Small Animal Building are summer yards for the exhibit's tortoises and crocodiles as well as a hillside habitat for two sibling pairs of red fox.
Great Apes.
The Great Apes exhibit opened in 1983. The exhibit includes four indoor habitats for the apes during Utah's cold winter months as well as two outdoor yards. The exhibit currently features a breeding troop of western lowland gorillas and two groups of Bornean orangutans.
Western lowland gorillas.
Husani was brought to Hogle Zoo in 2010 to form a bachelor troop with Tino, another male who lost his longtime mate Muke the year prior to cancer. Husani was born at Bronx Zoo in 1991 and came to Utah from Birmingham Zoo. A year after Husani's arrival, the zoo also welcomed two females, JoRayK and her daughter Jabali from the Denver Zoo. They were brought to Hogle Zoo to start at family troop with Husani upon Tino's death. The zoo housed the four gorillas in two troops until Tino's death in 2015. It was at that point when introductions began between Husani and the girls.
Bornean orangutans.
Adjacent to the gorillas, are habitats for Bornean orangutans. The zoo is home to a breeding pair male Mia and female Kawan as well as orphaned siblings Acara and Tuah. 
Primate Forest.
The first phase of the A. LaMar Farnsworth Primate Forest opened on August 1, 1996, when a new exhibit was created for the Zoo’s guereza group. Other primates such as black howler monkeys and spider monkeys are also featured there.
High Desert Oasis.
Originally opened as Elephant Encounter in 2005, the exhibit was rethemed after the Zoo ended its elephant program in 2023. Today High Desert Oasis features threatened species from extreme environments like the Gobi Desert and Namibia’s Great Escarpment. Four species rotate among the exhibit’s three guest-facing yards including Przewalski’s horse, Hartmann's mountain zebra, southern white rhinoceros, and Bactrian camel. The exhibit underwent minor changes to accommodate the new species including new shelters and the filling of the former elephant pool.
Geriatric rhinos.
Remaining from Elephant Encounter were geriatric southern white rhino half-siblings Princess and George. In early 2024, George was diagnosed with rapidly advancing cancer in his rear left leg. In November of the same year, two more masses were discovered. After consultations among the Zoo’s veterinary team and both human and veterinary oncologists, no long-term treatment options were deemed available due to George’s age, size, and thick skin. He was ultimately euthanized on December 18, 2024, at the age of forty-eight. 
At 45-years-old, Princess is considered a geriatric rhino and therefore receives specialized care. On July 1, 2024, zoo staff observed Princess displaying abnormal behaviors and symptoms which appeared to be neurological. It was believed that she had experienced a seizure. Princess experienced a second seizure in November 2024. To treat these seizures, Princess receives medication twice daily. To accommodate her arthritis, Princess voluntarily participates in laser therapy. Specialized rubberized flooring and tilled dirt in the outdoor yards also provide comfort. Additionally, Princess wears a specialized fly mask to combat her seasonal allergies. Princess may be seen sharing habitat space with the exhibit’s Hartmann’s mountain zebras.
Bachelor herds.
High Desert Oasis provides critical holding space for non-breeding Przewalski’s horse and Hartmann’s mountain zebra males.
In order to free up space for continued breeding, the Species Survival Plan for the Hartmann’s mountain zebra had established a goal to add three bachelor specific holding spaces within Association of Zoos and Aquariums facilities by November 2024. Utah’s Hogle Zoo was identified as one of these institutions and maintains a bachelor herd of the species in High Desert Oasis in addition to a breeding herd in the African Savanna exhibit. Currently the zoo's bachelor herd consists of Scooby and his offspring Wallace.
On November 1, 2023, the Zoo received Dimitri and Mikhail, a pair of male Przewalski’s horse from the Minnesota Zoo. The Zoo received an additional pair of males, Ballstein and Nicolai on September 16, 2024, again from the Minnesota Zoo. By transferring these non-breeding males, the Minnesota Zoo has freed up space to continue their breeding of this once extinct in the wild species. High Desert Oasis’ Przewalski’s horse herd may be seen sharing their habitat space with a pair of Bactrian camels named Terri and Gumby. The male-female duo was brought to the Zoo from a private facility in Nevada in 2024.
Asian Highlands.
Just months after the opening of Elephant Encounter in 2005, the old Feline Building was renovated into an Asian-themed modernized exhibit that opened in 2006, featuring highland felids such as Siberian tigers, Amur leopards, snow leopards and Pallas cats. Markhors and Chinese red pandas later joined the collection a decade later. 
Rocky Shores.
Rocky Shores is a modernized coastal habitat and aquarium, built in 2012, and featuring a breeding pair of polar bears, grizzly bear siblings, harbor seals, California sea lions, North American river otters, and bald eagles. 
African Savanna.
In 2014, 4.5 acres of land was transformed into two modernized spaces for animals from the grasslands of Africa. One includes space for African lions, while the other, larger space currently includes giraffes, Hartmann's mountain zebras, a common ostrich, common warthogs, and helmeted guineafowl. A third habitat, Meerkat Manor, opened in 2019, and guests can feed giraffes at Twiga Terrace, one of the viewing platforms.
Wild Utah.
Wild Utah opened in 2024, transforming three acres of the zoo's east side which was previously only visible by the train. Featured in the exhibit are Utah native species with the intent to educate Utah's public and tourists about the state's iconic wildlife, such as pollinators, burrowing owls, desert tortoises, mountain lions, boreal toads, desert bighorn sheep, an American badger, American porcupines, gray foxes, a bobcat, and yellow-bellied marmots. 
Attractions.
Oasis Plaza.
Oasis Plaza serves as a connecting hub in the center of the zoo. Four paths stemming from the plaza lead guests to all corners of the zoo. The zoo's Conservation Carousel decorates the plaza and is a popular attraction. The plaza's Oasis Cafe serves pizza, sandwiches, ice cream, and drinks.
The World of Wildlife Amphitheater is accessible from the plaza. The amphitheater which was once home to the popular World of Flight show, is now home to the zoo's Canine Champions for Conservation program.
Creekside.
Completed in 2016, Creekside provides learning opportunities for children. Programs with the zoos animal ambassadors occur at the Discovery Theater. These programs feature insects, reptiles, mammals, and birds. Creekside also features a playground and boardwalk that over looks Emigration Creek.
Notable animals.
The zoo has had a number of notable animals in its collection since it opened in Liberty Park in 1911.
Princess Alice.
Princess Alice, a female Asian elephant, was the zoo's biggest attraction during the early 1900s. She came to the zoo, which at the time was located in Salt Lake City's Liberty Park, in 1916. Schoolchildren donated nickels and pennies to raise $3,250 to buy Princess Alice from a traveling circus called Sells-Floto Show Company. In 1917, a year after her arrival, the zoo built a building to house her in. Princess was the biggest draw for the small Salt Lake City zoo.
On April 29, 1918, Princess Alice gave birth to a male named Prince Utah. Utahans were thrilled with the news as he was the first elephant to be born in Utah. However, he died a year later on March 14, due to injuries he suffered after his mother rolled over him.
Utahans were upset after Princess Alice repeatedly broke free from her enclosure. This prompted the zoo to relocate. The Hogle family donated 42 acres of land at the mouth of Emigration Canyon in 1931. In July of that year, the zoo built its new elephant building with a safer and larger exhibit for Princess Alice. The building was dedicated to the children of Salt Lake City. The zoo opened later that year on August 1. On August 14, 1932, a relief carving of Princess Alice was unveiled. It was donated by J. R. Fox, a local Utah sculptor.
In 1947, Princess Alice went on a rampage throughout the zoo grounds. She ripped up concrete, fountains, and an elm tree. After a few hours, she calmly returned to her exhibit. In 1953, Princess Alice was euthanized after becoming ill at the approximate age of 69.
Shasta.
Shasta, who was born on May 6, 1948, was another of Hogle Zoo's most well-known animals. She was the first liger born in America. Her mother was Daisey, a tiger, and her father was Huey, a lion. The two had been raised together, and that was why the zoo was able to breed them. Shasta weighed just over a pound at birth. However, her mother rejected her, and therefore she was hand raised. Shasta was a significant draw at the zoo, and was one of the reasons for the zoo's success during the mid-1900s. Without her, Hogle Zoo might have gone out of business. Every year, the zoo held birthday parties for her. This drew in large crowds. After she died in 1972, she was sent to a taxidermist to be stuffed. Her body can now be seen at the Monte L. Bean Life Science Museum at Brigham Young University. At 24 years, Shasta holds the world record for the longest-lived liger.
Gorgeous.
Gorgeous, a female western lowland gorilla, was one of the zoo's most famous animals. Gorgeous came to Hogle Zoo in 1985 from the Cheyenne Mountain Zoo in Colorado. She was caught in the wild in 1949 when she was only an infant. Gorgeous was popular among guests, as she constantly interacted with them. However, Gorgeous lived alone because she did not get along with other gorillas. Therefore, she never had any offspring. In 1990, Gorgeous became the first gorilla ever to receive cataract surgery. Dr. Allan Crandall, an ophthalmologist at the University of Utah Medical School, performed the surgery and implanted a lens into Gorgeous's eye. Gorgeous died in 1999 at the age of 50 and was the oldest living female gorilla at the time. She died of age-related problems. A bronze bust of the animal was made in her honor attached with a plaque in both English and braille which was placed near the outdoor ape exhibits.
Dari.
Dari lived to be the oldest living African elephant in the world. She lived to the age of 55 and died due to age-related problems. She was known for her caring attitude toward the other elephants in her herd.
Daphne.
Daphne was the oldest living giraffe in the world. She came to Hogle Zoo in 1985 from the San Diego Zoo Safari Park. She had nine calves at the zoo. Daphne died at the age of 31, which is double the average lifespan for giraffes.
Animal attacks and escapes.
In 1997, Tino, a 450-pound male western lowland gorilla, attacked and bit Robert Pratt, the zoo's team leader for primates. Tino gained access to a room which Pratt was cleaning after a door was left open. Pratt was knocked down by the gorilla and suffered some bite wounds. Pratt returned to work soon after the incident.
In 1999, two zookeepers were attacked by three chimpanzees after a man failed to close the gate to their indoor enclosure. Two chimpanzees were shot and killed and a third was contained and was sent to a zoo in Kansas. Both zookeepers were severely injured. Chimpanzees were absent from the zoo's collection since.
In 2006, Maddi, an eight-year-old female grey wolf, leaped over an eight-foot fence and escaped from her enclosure. She was out of her enclosure for about an hour until zoo officials could secure her and bring her back into her enclosure. No one was hurt in the incident.
In 2011, four spider monkeys escaped from the outdoor enclosure. The four primates did not travel far and were coaxed back into their exhibit by zookeepers. No one was harmed in the situation.
In 2016, Zeya, a four-year-old Amur leopard, climbed through a six by six-inch opening at the top of her enclosure. The sixty-pound endangered cat rested on a beam just outside her enclosure and fell asleep. Zeya was tranquilized and put into a holding area in the zoo's hospital.
In 2021, an Indian peacock attacked four young guests throughout the zoo grounds. This resulted in a pushback leading zoo officials to reluctantly pause care for decades of housing free-roaming Indian peafowl after receiving complaints from the guests' parents about any disregard for safety and intervention. The remaining two peahens were briefly rotated between Primate Forest and South Pathway but were since relocated as well, resulting in the species' absence.
Conservation efforts.
Conservation efforts at Hogle include a reduce, reuse, recycle program, water conservation, and earth-friendly biodegradable products. The zoo's efforts were recognized in 2005 by the Recycling Coalition of Utah, and it received the Thomas A. Martin Utah Recycler of the Year award for a non-profit business.
Following a June 2010 oil spill from an underground Chevron pipeline in Red Butte Creek, 150 to 200 birds, many of them Canada geese, came in contact with the oil and were taken to Hogle Zoo to be cleaned.
The Big Six Program is the Hogle Zoo's biggest conservation program. The program works with six organizations that are working with six endangered species. The big six animals that are a part of the program include the African lion, Bornean orangutan, polar bear, African elephant, radiated tortoise, and boreal toad.
Wildlife reintroductions.
In the 1960s concern grew for the dwindling population of America's symbol the bald eagle. The species was declared an endangered species in 1967 after DDT poisoning had decimated North America's population. Reintroduction efforts were needed to help bolster the remaining wild individuals. Sam and Betsy, Hogle Zoo's mated pair in the Woodland Edge exhibit had successfully produced fertile eggs in 1989, 1990, and 1991. All three of their chicks were determined good candidates for release as their genetics were not well represented in wild populations. The 1989 chick was released in Arkansas and the 1991 chick in Georgia. The chick from 1990 was unfortunately lost to predation from a red fox after its release. Without the banning of DDT in 1972 and reintroduction efforts made by organizations like Utah's Hogle Zoo, the bald eagle would have not recovered and been taken off the endangered species list in 2007. 
The golden lion tamarin, a small New World monkey, has lost all but two to five percent of the species' original habitat in Brazil. The first population estimate in 1972, found between 400-500 golden lion tamarins left. From 1984 to 2001, an extensive effort to reintroduce the species to its native habitat took place involving 43 institutions in 8 countries. Utah's Hogle Zoo was involved in this effort. On April 29, 1993, Hogle Zoo sent Bagel, a male golden lion tamarin, to the Smithsonian's National Zoo's former Center for Biological Research for a quarantine period in preparation to be released into the wild. On February 4, 1994, Bagel was introduced into the Poço das Antas Biological Reserve in southeastern Brazil, one of three small areas left in the wild that are home to the critically endangered species.
On May 1, 1991, twin female black-and-white ruffed lemurs, a critically endangered species from Madagascar, were born in Hogle Zoo's former Primate Building. Born through a recommendation made by the Species Survival Plan, the twins were well-represented genetically in the North American population and therefore were considered good candidates for release into the wild. After seven years of being raised by their parents at Hogle Zoo, the two females began their journey to rewilding. On June 2, 1998, they arrived at the Duke Lemur Center in North Carolina where they joined four more lemurs that planned to be released to the wild. They spent around four months at the Duke Lemur Center where they had little contact with humans to help prepare for life in the wild. After completing the necessary training at the center, the twins, who had been named Dawn and Jupiter, were flown to the Betampona Reserve in the Atsinanana Region of Madagascar on October 27, 1998. After completing a standard quarantine, they were released alongside the four other lemurs into the natural reserve on November 25, 1998, helping to boost the critically endangered species' numbers.
The boreal toad is an endangered subspecies of western toad found in alpine wetlands of the western United States. The species has suffered a decline over the last twenty years due to habitat loss and a fatal fungal disease. Hogle Zoo opened their Boreal Toad Conservation Center in 2015. The center housed eggs from the subspecies that were collected from the wild. The plan was to raise the eggs to adulthood, breed them, then release their offspring into restored habitats. In August 2021, Hogle Zoo released 21 boreal toads onto the Paunsaugunt Plateau in southern Utah.
Closed exhibits.
Monkey Island.
Monkey Island was the first exhibit to be constructed for Salt Lake City’s new zoo at the mouth of Emigration Canyon. Modeled after a similar exhibit at the Tulsa Zoo, the exhibit would focus on the Zoo’s new philosophy to be barless. Instead of displaying the Zoo’s primates in cages, the inhabitants of Monkey Island were contained via a moat. On the island, trees, climbing structures, and shelters were meant to engage the animals. Due to the moat freezing every winter, which would have allowed the primates an opportunity to escape, the animals were brought inside the Zoo’s Main Building until spring every year. Funded by local mining man, David Keith, construction on Monkey Island began in June 1931. A month later, the exhibit was complete and ready to display animals.
On July 25, 1931, sixteen rhesus macaques arrived from India and were immediately introduced to the Zoo’s existing six macaques. After combining the two groups, a fight broke out among the primates, resulting in four of the newcomers being badly injured. On August 4, 1931, two young rhesus macaques died from pneumonia after a male named Samson had repeatedly chased the youngsters into the water of the moat. As a result, Samson was removed from the exhibit and placed in a separate cage. On February 19, 1932, a hybrid macaque was born on Monkey Island. The male’s mother, Susan, was a rhesus macaque while its father, Jocko, was a long-tailed macaque. This was the first birth to take place on Monkey Island and the first macaque born at the Zoo in fifteen years. The rhesus macaque group was quite successful in reproducing. By 1945, Monkey Island was home to 26 macaques including several offspring.
The Zoo debuted an enlarged Monkey Island exhibit including a twenty-foot steel pole for the macaques to climb on in April 1943. In 1955, Monkey Island was without its rhesus macaque residents. The zoo was unable to source the species due to an embargo on the shipment of monkeys from India as well as the need for rhesus macaques in the production and testing of the Salk polio vaccine. Instead, fifteen long-tailed macaques took up residence on the island. The following year, a group of rhesus macaques were back. New winter quarters in the Main Building allowed them to be a permanent fixture of the Zoo’s collection. In 1960, after years without a male, the Zoo introduced a young male rhesus macaque to Monkey Island to breed with the exhibit’s eight females. He was attacked by the females and thus was kept separate from the group until he grew bigger and stronger.
Major work took place on Monkey Island, including the removal of the volcanic rock pile that formed the center of the island in 1961. Replacing it was a colorful stainless steel “playground.” The design of the new structures was done by Bruce J. McDermott &amp; Associates. Other improvements to the exhibit included refurbished walls to prevent water leaks. The Zoo’s eight female rhesus macaques were introduced to the new Monkey Island on July 23, 1961.
In 1964, before they moved to the new Sea Lion Pool, three California sea lions, a male named Sammy and two females named Cutie and Jingles, were temporarily housed in Monkey Island. On May 28, 1964, four spider monkeys and five capuchin monkeys joined the sea lions. The new world monkeys replaced the rhesus macaques after the later were sold. On August 21, 1964, the sea lions were moved from Monkey Island to the new Sea Lion Pool. On October 12, 1964, the primates were moved to their winter quarters inside the Main Building. Subsequently three North American river otters were temporarily moved to Monkey Island until their new exhibit was ready in spring 1965. Before the primates were removed from the island for the winter, West African dwarf goats from the Children’s Zoo contact yard joined them in fall 1968. In 1969, six wooly monkeys were put on display at Monkey Island. 
After sixty-five years of displaying animals, Monkey Island was demolished in 1996 when construction on Primate Forest began. The new exhibit offered modern amenities for the Zoo’s primates including naturalistic indoor and outdoor habitats.
West End.
In 2012, Hogle Zoo's northwest end was transformed into Rocky Shores, an exhibit dedicated to animals from North America's coastlines. This three-acre site was historically home to major exhibits like Bear Grotto, Penguin Cove, and the former African Savanna as well as several other animal habitats.
Cougar Grotto.
In 1957, the Zoo opened an exhibit for cougars. Large red cement rocks were made to mimic their natural habitat in southern Utah. The zoo's two cougars were orphaned brothers. Snow leopards were held in the exhibit while construction was being completed on Asian Highlands.
Bear Grotto.
Bear Grotto opened in 1958. The exhibit, reminiscent of Carl Hagenbeck's designs of the late 1900s, was intended for the zoo's polar bears and Kodiak bears. The two habitats, each 40 by 60 feet, had 15 foot deep moats separating guests from the bears and extensive rockwork. Bear Grotto's first inhabitants were a male and female polar bear pair. The two were born in the wild in Canada's Northwest Territories. The polar bears moved to Hogle Zoo on March 28, 1957, in preparation for the exhibit's opening. The male and female cubs were named Klondike and Kate via a contest in which a seven year old boy won a trip to Disneyland with his parents. 
Klondike died in 1978 and Kate died in 1985. The zoo was hopeful for cubs and brought in Bubba, a male from the Oregon Zoo in 1978 and Chinook in 1979 from the Memphis Zoo. The two proved to be a successful mated pair. Chinook welcomed her first cub, a female, on November 4, 1985. With Bubba, Chinook gave birth to a male in 1987, twins Aurora and Bubba in 1989, and a male Denali in 1993. Chinook's mate Bubba died on December 22, 1993, due to pancreatitis.
Due to Chinook's success as a mother, the zoo was looking to find a new mate for her. On June 23, 1995, the zoo welcomed Andy from the Buffalo Zoo where he had been born in 1989. The next year, Chinook gave birth to male twins Koluk and Kiska on November 19, 1996. Two years later she had another set of male twins named Alcor and Mizar. Chinook's last cub, a female named Anana, was born on December 12, 2000. It was decided to not allow Chinook to become pregnant again due to her age. Chinook was described as a protective defender and gentle, nurturing caregiver. The bear mother was euthanized on December 18, 2002, after keepers had been monitoring escalating health problems. Chinook was one of the most prolific polar bears in North American zoo history giving birth to a total of ten cubs. Currently she is survived by Denali who lives at the Sapparo Zoo in Japan and Kiska at the ABQ BioPark. However, many of her grandchildren still populate U.S. zoos. 
In 2003, Andy died from an intestinal blockage after swallowing a glove that was thrown into his exhibit. The blockage caused a rupture in the intestinal wall, leading to leakage of intestinal contents and fatal blood poisoning. The zoo would not go on to bring polar bears back into their collection until the opening of Rocky Shores in 2012. 
In July 2002, Dale, a female black bear, went on display in Bear Grotto. She was an orphan that was rescued from Minnesota. In 2003, Cubby, a male black bear, moved to Hogle Zoo from the Chahinkapa Zoo in North Dakota. Then in 2004, Tuff, a male black bear, came to live at Hogle Zoo. Tuff was born at a private breeder's farm in Missouri. He was then sold illegally. However, he was confiscated by officials and moved to a licensed facility. Tuff moved to Hogle Zoo shortly after. All of the black bears were moved to the Oregon Zoo because Hogle Zoo was going to start construction on their Rocky Shores exhibit.
Mountain Habitat.
In July 1962, construction of a mountain habitat was completed in between the Bear and Cougar Grottoes for aoudad, also known as Barbary sheep. The exhibit was originally home to five members of the sheep native to Northern Africa - one male and four females. They arrived via rail from Fresno, California, where they had been purchased for $50 each. The exhibit was home to a plethora of animals over the years before its demolition in 2010.
In 1974, Hogle Zoo received its first two stone sheep, a subspecies of Dall sheep found in Canada and popular in big game hunting. The pair, only a year old upon their arrival, were born at the Okanagan Game Farm where then zoo director LaMar Farnsworth had a connection. At the time of their display, Hogle Zoo was the only zoo in the United States to exhibit the subspecies. The herd, which began to grow in size through births and other acquisitions, took up residence in the Mountain Habitat. When the zoo's herd began to die off, the final member, an elderly male affectionately named "Stone Sheep", was moved to the desert bighorn sheep exhibit on South Rim. The Mountain Habitat then became a summer habitat for the zoo's Aldabra tortoises. 
Chacoan peccaries were the last species to inhabit the exhibit before it was demolished for the construction of Rocky Shores in 2010. The four new peccaries made their debut in 2004 on the Fourth of July. The all male group consisted of Walker and Palito from the Saint Louis Zoo as well as Chili Pepper and Habanero from the Phoenix Zoo. The four males moved to the Woodland Edge exhibit in Discovery Land in 2010 before permanently leaving the zoo's collection in 2012 when construction began on the African Savanna.
South American exhibit.
In February 1968, work began on a new exhibit dedicated to animals from South America. The construction was completed by Ralph Kramer Construction Co. just west of the Sea Lion Pool. The project, which cost $18,000, also included a new exhibit for blackbuck that was carved out of the existing elk run and a refreshment stand. The South American exhibit included a building with two large rooms and three smaller rooms each with windows allowing guests to view the warm climate animals during Utah's winter. A large outdoor yard provided the animals with a mixed species habitat. Both indoor and outdoor spaces included pools for the animals to wade in. Animal residents included pairs of lowland tapirs, giant anteaters, capybaras, and jabirus as well as three rheas and almost two dozen parrots.
The exhibit's first residents were the pair of young giant anteaters who arrived at the Zoo on April 16, 1968. After being caught in the wild, the pair spent four months in Florida before being traded by the Zoo for a male jaguar. The following month a pair of lowland tapirs would join the anteaters. The tapir were successful breeders, welcoming two male calves on July 9, 1970 and October 6, 1971. On June 5, 1968, a pair of jabirus, a species of stork, joined the exhibit after being caught in the wild and purchased through an animal dealer in Miami, Florida. The jabirus joined the already present rheas and parrots. Last to join the South American exhibit were a pair of capybara, the world's largest species of rodent.
African Savanna.
While on a book tour for her text "The Chimpanzees of Gombe", famed anthropologist Jane Goodall made a stop at Utah's Hogle Zoo to dedicate the zoo's new African Savanna exhibit on April 29, 1986. Joining her for the ribbon cutting ceremony was Utah governor Norman H. Bangerter. In her remarks, Goodall commended the exhibit, noting her approval of the animals' ability to roam in an open space in social groupings. The exhibit was designed by architect Von M. White and construction was completed by Mark G. Garff Construction. 
The African Savanna covered one acre of the northwest section of the Zoo, replacing chain-linked yards that once held many species including blackbuck, common eland, sitatunga, and wallaroo. The tiered exhibit featured three habitats for African ungulates and birds. Boma enclosures inspired fencing and a rondavel inspired indoor holding area added to the exhibit's authenticity. The $250,000 exhibit was funded through private donations and membership subscriptions.
The African Savanna was split into three habitats. The Lower Savanna habitat was built as a new exhibit for the Zoo's African antelope, including South Africa's springbok and Thomson's gazelle from East Africa. New species were also added to the collection in the new African Savanna including addra gazelle and waterbuck. Cuvier's gazelle were added in 2002, and the critically endangered addax was added to the exhibit in 2003. The Lower Savanna habitat was visible via an outlook that extended from the path towards the old Giraffe Building as well as an elevated walkway that provided a birds-eye-view of the habitat.
The Upper Savanna was a habitat for plains zebra originally, until 1998 when they were replaced with Grévy's zebra. A gully provided a natural barrier between the guests and the zebras. The pond of this habitat trickled down into a waterfall that extended into the Lower Savanna. A third habitat for smaller antelope was located adjacent to the Sea Lion Pool. This space was later used for red pandas in 2002. Egyptian geese and a flock of helmeted guineafowl had free range between the Lower and Upper Savannah habitats.
On November 9, 1998, Taji and Monty, two male Grévy's zebras arrived at Hogle Zoo from the Sedgwick County Zoo in Kansas. The two zebras occupied the Upper Savannah habitat. Their addition to the zoo's collection was significant, as it was the first time this endangered species had been exhibited in Utah.
On January 26, 2010, Taji was found dead in his barn. The following day, Monty was showing signs of distress. Later that day, it was determined that Monty needed to be humanely euthanized. For months, the zebras' deaths remained a mystery. Since it had snowed the week of their deaths, it was ruled out that any predators or humans had been involved. Both had experienced nosebleeds and blunt force trauma, possibly pointing to a fight between the two males. On March 17, 2010, the zoo announced that the zebras' necropsy had come back inconclusive. To do this day, Taji and Monty's deaths remain one of the biggest unsolved mysteries in the Zoo's history.
After the zebras' death, ostriches made a return to the African Savanna with the addition of three males. They took up residence in the Upper Savannah habitat. When construction on Rocky Shores began in 2010, the ostriches moved to the former cheetah habitat just south of the Giraffe Building along with two Egyptian geese and an elderly springbok. The birds were ultimately moved to the Zoo's new African Savanna exhibit when it opened in 2014.
Penguin Cove.
Hogle Zoo had a long history of exhibiting and breeding African penguins. In 1983, the first penguins arrived at Hogle Zoo. The four penguins were exhibited in a habitat outside of the Small Animal Building. On September 16, 1987, the zoo's first penguin chicks hatched. The same pair would go on to have three more chicks over the next three years. These chicks, however, did not live long and by the end of 1993, only one male from the colony was left.
On March 24, 1993, six African penguins, one male and five females, arrived at the zoo from the Maryland Zoo joining the zoo's lone male. This new colony would go on to produce 11 chicks from 1994 to 2007.
In 1996 the Sea Lion Pool, located in the northwest end of the zoo, was renovated to house the growing penguin colony. The Sea Lion Pool, originally built in 1964, was dedicated to former zoo director Gerald deBary who had died earlier that year from a fatal bite by a puff adder. The exhibit which was once home to harbor seals and California sea lions (albeit the former was later relocated towards the east end of the zoo in an exhibit with a viewing tank), was closed due to costly renovations required to meet standards for marine mammals. The exhibit needed a new filtration system which would have cost $500,000. Instead the exhibit was renovated and turned into Penguin Cove which opened to the public on October 24, 1996. The renovations, which cost $40,000, included a rocky coastline surrounding the existing pool, a nesting beach, and an indoor habitat.
African penguins lived at Penguin Cove until the fall of 2010 when construction began on Rocky Shores. The remaining penguins were relocated to other accredited facilities including Dallas World Aquarium, Little Rock Zoo, and Toronto Zoo. The zoo has not had penguins in their collection since and has no plans for their return.
Red pandas.
On December 6, 2002, Sarah and Ethel, two female red pandas made their debut in a new exhibit near Penguin Cove. The two had arrived the October prior from the Erie Zoo. The outdoor exhibit featured large trees for the red pandas to climb and an indoor habitat for them during Utah's hot summer months.
Red pandas were absent from the Zoo after November 2010 when construction began on Rocky Shores. The species returned in 2018 with the opening of a new exhibit in Asian Highlands.
Primate Building.
In 1966, the Zoo began construction on a new Ape House intended to display all members of the great ape family. Once completed, the $75,000 exhibit was home to the Zoo’s first three chimpanzees which were acquired through donated trading stamps. Also on display were four members of the gibbon family. Rounding out the great ape collection, the Zoo acquired its first ever gorillas and orangutans in 1967. By 1969, the Ape House was already home to six chimpanzees, three orangutans, three gibbons, and two gorillas. The exhibit was famous for its two geodesic domes that were added to the front of the building in 1982 for guereza and ring-tailed lemurs. The cages were made of welded iron rods and were paid for by a $25,000 donation. After being deemed no longer structurally sound, the building was demolished in 2014 and replaced by Creekside, an attraction geared towards children.
Gorillas and orangutans.
In early 1967, Dan Valentine urged the readers of his "Nothing Serious" column in the "Salt Lake Tribune" to donate their spare change to allow the Zoo to purchase a pair of gorillas. Thousands of donations came in, and in total almost $5,000 was raised. To purchase the more than $8,000 gorillas, the rest of the funds were provided by the Utah Zoological Society. The male and female pair of western lowland gorillas were captured in Cameroon by famed Dutch animal dealer Franciscus van den Brink. The pair originally flew to Paris, France on May 18, 1967, before spending some time in Soest, Netherlands. Their delay to Utah was due to the gorillas becoming sick, however, they eventually began their trip to America. On June 16, 1967, they travelled from Amsterdam to Frankfurt before arriving in San Francisco, California. Then Director, LaMar Farnsworth, met up with the gorillas in San Francisco and joined them on their flight to Salt Lake City on June 17th. On June 19th, a contest was started in the "Salt Lake Tribune" to name the gorillas which had only been referred to as “Him” and “Her” in both papers and at the Zoo. Children ages thirteen and under were allowed to submit their name suggestions. The gorillas would make their public debut in the Ape House on June 23, 1967. On July 15th, a month later, the gorillas officially received their names. Twenty-five entries had been submitted with the names Dan and Elaine paying homage to the man who spearheaded “Operation Gorilla” and his wife. The twenty-five youngsters who picked the names along with 250 other children who submitted derivatives of Dan, Elaine, or their last name Valentine all received a free, year-long membership to the Zoo. By summer 1968, over 500,000 visitors had come to the Ape House specifically to see the Zoo’s first gorillas. Dan died on July 3, 1975. Elaine, however, was not without a companion for long, as the Zoo acquired Dan II later that month from Six Flags Discovery Kingdom. Before he passed, Dan I successfully mated with Elaine, resulting in the Zoo's first gorilla birth on December 27, 1975. The female gorilla was named Danielle after her late father. Unfortunately, Danielle suffered from brain damage that occurred during Elaine's pregnancy. Danielle was hand-raised by LaMar Farnsworth, but when she was not progressing properly, the zoo director brought her to the UC Davis School of Veterinary Medicine in October 1976 for a diagnosis. She ultimately died in California on November 24, 1976. 
Only three days after the gorillas made their public debut, the Zoo received its first Bornean orangutan, a male named Otis. Two months later Otis would be joined by another male named Jiggs and a female named Maggie. Both Jiggs and Maggie were sourced by the same Dutch animal dealer who had acquired the Zoo’s gorillas. In May 1971, a second female orangutan named Go-Go joined the others in the Ape House. Go-Go was a gift to the United States from the Indonesian government. On December 4, 1974, the Zoo welcomed its first-ever birth of an orangutan. The male was named Rango and was born to father Otis and mother Maggie. Maggie would go on to give birth to three more offspring with Jiggs. These births included another male named Pongo in 1981, and two females born in 1981 and 1984. Kayla, the female born in 1984, is still alive and currently resides at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo in Ohio. Jiggs also fathered a male offspring in 1990 named J.J. with another mate named Vickie.
In 1984, the Zoo moved their gorillas and orangutans into the newly built Great Apes exhibit. The new exhibit allowed the animals access to naturalistic outdoor habitats for the first time. Subsequently, the Ape House was transitioned into the Primate Building.
Other primates.
Members of the gibbon family called the exhibit home from its opening until its closure in 2014. In 1969, a pair of young siamangs went on display in the exhibit. The same year, the Zoo received its first white-handed gibbons. Despite having several male-female pairs, the Zoo did not produce an offspring of the species until 2012. Male Riley and his mate Candy were paired together at Utah's Hogle Zoo in 2009. After two stillbirths in 2010 and 2011, Candy finally gave birth to a male named Thai on August 14, 2012. Unfortunately, Candy experienced a prolapsed uterus after the birth. White she was being treated keepers noticed she did not have enough milk to feed the baby. At three-weeks-old, it was then decided that Thai would need to be hand raised. Thai was raised by zoo staff for four months until he was successfully reintroduced to his parents on December 11, 2012. The entire family moved to the Idaho Falls Zoo at Tautphaus Park in 2014, where they still can be seen today.
Both old world monkeys and new world monkeys were exhibited in the building. The Zoo added a breeding pair of Hamadryas baboons to the exhibit in 1970. Eleven members of the species were born in the Primate Building. The Zoo’s four remaining baboons were transferred to the Prospect Park Zoo in June of 1993. In December 1984, the Zoo received a sibling pair of mandrills from the ABQ BioPark Zoo. The exhibit would be home to three more mandrills until the species was ultimately phased out in 2011. In May 1983, the Zoo received a breeding group of five red-tailed monkeys. From 1984 until 1998, the group produced twelve offspring. In May 1990, the Zoo received a pair of De Brazza's monkeys. The exhibit was also home to the Zoo’s spider monkeys, black howler monkeys, and Bolivian gray titis before they were moved to Primate Forest.
Finally, the Primate Building was home to a diverse collection of lemurs. In 1972, the exhibit displayed a pair of ring-tailed lemurs named Sampson and Delilah from the Denver Zoo for the first time. The species was a staple of the Primate Building until its closure in 2014 when the last individuals, two males named Buddy and Keamey, were transferred to Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium. In 1985, the Zoo received both black-and-white ruffed lemurs as well as red ruffed lemurs. Both species were successfully bred at the Zoo with the former being part of a reintroduction program in Madagascar. Other species of lemurs that were housed in the Primate Building included mongoose lemur, crowned lemur, and white-headed lemur.
Giraffe Building.
In 1969 the two-story Giraffe Building was constructed. The giraffe building was known as the up-and-down house and formerly housed antelopes and birds as well as giraffes, but it was not safe. In the early 1990s, two giraffes were euthanized after breaking legs on slippery floors. In 1994, the USDA cited the zoo because it failed to maintain the structure in good repair. The zoo was also cited in 1994 after failing to correct previously identified violations of peeling paint that could be ingested by the giraffes. In 2002, Sandile, a 7-year-old male reticulated giraffe, died after getting his neck stuck in a fence. In 2004, Ruth, a 26-year-old female reticulated giraffe, was euthanized after complications of a fractured leg. The zoo could not identify whether the broken leg was related to the building. Several giraffes died at Hogle Zoo, however, not all were building related. The zoo paid in all $50,000 to ensure that the Giraffe Building was USDA approved. After the African Savanna was opened in 2014, all of the zoo's giraffes were moved to a new state-of-art giraffe house. The old Giraffe Building was turned into the zoo's Maintenance Building, and it no longer houses animals.
Feline Building.
In 1968, 4,750 Salt Lake City voters approved a $1 million bond for a major development project at Hogle Zoo. Then zoo director LaMar Farnsworth said that this was, "the greatest thing that has happened to the zoo". The bond would be used to help fund a transformation of the undeveloped southwest portion of the zoo. The first phase of the project included a new Feline Building, which would replace dated exhibits for the zoo's cat collection in the old Lion House. 
The $340,000 Feline Building opened to guests on April 4, 1970. The exhibit consisted of five large concrete cages for big cats including Amur tiger, Bengal tiger, African lion, African leopard, snow leopard, and jaguar over the years. Large garage doors were open during the summer to let fresh air into the exhibit. The exhibit also featured two outdoor habitats for the lions and tigers. A series of smaller cages were home to an impressive collection of small cats including jaguarundi, ocelot, margay, Geoffrey's cat, clouded leopard, Asian golden cat, caracal, serval, sand cat, and African wildcat over the years. The most famous of the residents inside the Feline Building, however, was Shasta the liger who was born at the zoo in 1948. Shasta resided in the Feline Building for two years until her death in 1972. 
The Feline Building also included restrooms, educational displays, and a maternity cage for a mother cat and her offspring. 
In 1995, the Feline Building began its first major renovation since its opening. The renovations, totaling $1,400 when completed in 1996, included fabricated trees, rock work, recirculating water, as well as murals depicting the species' natural habitats. 
The Feline Building closed in 2005, when construction started on the Asian Highlands. The skeleton of the Feline Building was retained, and now serves as the indoor holding areas for the Asian Highlands residents. The sand cats and wildcats were relocated in the Small Animal building and the ocelot was relocated towards Discoveryland in 2005 and remained there until 2012 shortly before construction began on African Savanna.
After the deaths of lion Flip in 2003 and elderly lioness Abby in December 2006, nearly six months after the opening of Asian Highlands, lions were not in the zoo's collection again until the first phase of African Savanna was completed on May 2, 2014.
Hippo Building.
In 1973, zoo officials announced that Salt Lake County had pledged $130,000 for a new exhibit that would display the first hippos seen in Utah. A year later, the Hippo Building, or "Hippodrome", opened in 1974. The exhibit, which was designed by architect firm McDermott and Associates, included a 90 by 64 foot indoor building as well as a 90 by 40 foot outdoor habitat for both hippopotamus and pygmy hippopotamus. The construction, which cost a total of $235,000, consisted of six pools for the hippos, the largest of which was 30,000 gallons. A bridge connecting the north side of the zoo to the Hippo Building provided improved circulation for zoo guests. 
On March 28, 1974, the first residents of the exhibits, pygmy hippo pair Cleo and Brutus, arrived from West Africa. The pair produced three calves while living in the Hippo Building including a male in 1982, another male in 1983, and finally, a female in 1984. Brutus died at Hogle Zoo on April 10, 1997, while Cleo was transferred to Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo on a breeding recommendation on October 27, 2001. Cleo died two days later. 
On June 9, 1974, Tuff-Enuff, a male river hippo who was later named Moe, arrived from the Calgary Zoo. His mate Henrietta, arrived a day later from the Denver Zoo. The pair had two unsuccessful births in 1978 and 1979. Both calves died the day of their birth. Henrietta died on February 15, 1980, at the zoo. Moe was transferred to the Albuquerque Biological Park on April 11, 2005, where he still resides. Moe moved to join two females on a breeding recommendation. Since moving to the ABQ BioPark, Moe has fathered three healthy calves, most recently a female in 2021.
The Hippo Building also provided additional exhibit space for the zoo's African penguins as well as summer exhibits for the zoo's crocodiles and alligators. Also on display, in the exhibit was the zoo's famous "Museum of Human Stupidity" which featured objects from guests that had been found in animal exhibits throughout the zoo. 
The Hippo Building was replaced by the Conservation Carousel when Oasis Plaza opened in 2008.
Animal Giants Complex.
In 1981, for the Hogle Zoo's fiftieth anniversary, the Animal Giants Complex was built. The exhibit was built to house the zoo's elephants, African elephants named Hy-Dari and Twiggy, Indian elephants Kali, Toni, and Toka, and the zoo's white rhinos, Princess and George. Naturalistic outdoor enclosures were not only built for the zoo's pachyderms but for ostriches and tortoises too. The Animal Giants Complex was renovated for Elephant Encounter which opened in 2005. 
Asian elephants had not been at Hogle Zoo since Kali's death on March 8, 2004.
Central Zone.
Central Zone was located in where the current Meerkat Manor and Lion Hill exhibits are today. Central Zone was once home to the zoo's original elephant house known as the Main Building which was dedicated on July 31, 1931. The Main Building was not only home to the zoo's elephants including the famous Princess Alice, but also provided winter housing for a majority of the Zoo's collection in its early years. On August 14, 1932, a relief of Princess Alice was unveiled on the front of the building which was donated by local sculptor J.R. Fox. In its lifetime, the Main Building underwent many renovations, starting in 1945, to accommodate better living conditions for animals. By the late 1970s, most animals in the Main Building had moved to new exhibits within the Zoo. It was then that the east side of the complex was renovated into an auditorium. As part of the Primate Forest exhibit, the west side of the building was reconfigured into two indoor exhibits for primates in the late 1990s. 
Central Zone was also home to an exhibit for the Zoo's Bactrian camel herd. By the early 2000s, the Zoo had a successful breeding herd with at least one calf born every year. The Zoo phased out their camels in 2012 after Gobi, an arthritic male, was euthanized and his female companion Mabel was then sent to the San Diego Zoo. This allowed the Zoo to start construction on the African Savanna exhibit. Bactrian camels eventually returned to the Zoo's collection in 2024 when Elephant Encounter became High Desert Oasis.
Discovery Land.
The first phases of Discovery Land opened in 1988 featuring a newly planted forest, duck pond, and fort for children to play in. A couple months after its opening, the George S. and Dolores Dore Eccles Foundation granted Hogle Zoo $100,000 as a matching grant. Combined with $700,000 from the Utah Legislature, the zoo had enough resources to fund new phases for the Discovery Land project. The new exhibits, which would transform the eastern end of the zoo, would display animals in naturalistic settings. North American animals were to be displayed in habitats representing woodlands, wetlands, and deserts. Under the direction of zoo director LaMar Farnsworth, the exhibits would cater to the zoo's younger demographic and include a new playground. In 1990, Woodland Edge, Knoll and Burrow, and the Marsh were added to Discovery Land with Desert Canyon being added in 1992. 
Woodland Edge.
Woodland Edge was made up of four habitats that housed a series of raptors and cats over the years. 
Species exhibited in Woodland Edge included Canada lynx, bobcat, bald eagle, rough-legged hawk, and ferruginous hawk.
In order for construction on Rocky Shores to begin, some of the animals from the construction zone had to be moved to Discoveryland. The four exhibits in Woodland Edge were renovated into two larger habitats to accommodate the zoo's two mountain lions Kota and Echo as well as the zoo's four Chacoan peccaries. New exhibits were built for the bald eagles and bobcat who were occupying Woodland Edge on the zoo's South Rim.
Knoll and Burrow.
Knoll and Burrow was completed alongside Woodland Edge. The two exhibits cost $275,000. The innovative exhibit resembled a cave on the American prairie. On the outside, visitors could see exhibits for common North American including a colony of black-tailed prairie dogs, yellow-bellied marmot, North American porcupine, striped skunk and rabbit. 
The exhibits were also used to house more rare species. Utah's Hogle Zoo was the only facility to exhibit the rare Utah prairie dogs. In 1900 it was estimated that there were 95,000 Utah prairie dogs. In 2004, the Utah Department of Wildlife Resources estimated that there were only 4,022 Utah prairie dogs left. Their decline has been largely impacted by habitat loss. Hogle Zoo was working with government agencies in helping to preserve the endangered species. 
In the early 2000s, Hogle Zoo participated in the Species Survival Plan for black-footed ferrets. The species was thought to be extinct until the discovery of a small population in northeast Wyoming in 1981. Biologists captured the last 18 known wild ferrets in 1986 to start a breeding program. Hogle Zoo served as a holding facility for ferrets that were non-breeding animals and for those that could not be released into the wild. A total of 10 black-footed ferrets called Knoll and Burrow home.
Inside the cave were exhibits for a cacomistle, southern flying squirrel, and a colony of over 200 Seba's short-tailed bats. Terrariums in the cave held blind cave fish and giant hairy scorpion. Inside the cave, guests could look through plexiglass to get up-close views of the outside exhibits.
Marsh Aviary.
The Marsh Aviary, was phase four of Discovery Land. Guests could walk out onto a boardwalk over the pond. In the pond, the zoo kept a group of injured American white pelicans, a common gallinule, American wigeons, pintails, mandarin ducks, a great blue heron, a breeding pair of mute swans, a greylag goose, and a snow goose. Also in the pond were other North American duck species. Visitors could pay twenty-five cents to feed the birds.
Desert Canyon.
Desert Canyon was the fifth and final phase of Discovery Land. Large red stone rocks were constructed of fabricated rock, lath and rebar over three concrete and block buildings. A concrete gun was used to build a reddish-color cement-like compound, which was then hand-troweled for the rock-like appearance. The construction of Desert Canyon cost $600,000.
As visitors entered the exhibit they followed a somewhat narrow path to two exhibits for small carnivores. Overtime many species were housed in these habitats including kit fox, ocelot, and white-nosed coati. Two Island foxes were also displayed here in the early 2000s which at the time were only exhibited at Hogle Zoo and the Santa Barbara Zoo. 
Next visitors saw a collection of smaller exhibits for animals including Merriam's kangaroo rat and an aquarium which housed native Utah fish species June sucker and Bonneville cutthroat trout (although by 2012, shortly before demolition for African Savanna, the native Utah Lake fish were since replaced with bluegills and black crappies). Desert Canyon featured a recreated Anasazi cliff dwelling which provided views to a small mesa for angora goat and Navajo sheep.
Other small glass exhibits featured an array of species over the exhibit's timeline including common collared lizard, Harris's antelope squirrel, white-tailed antelope squirrel, rock squirrel, nine-banded armadillo, southern three-banded armadillo, screech owl, long-eared owl, American kestrel, ring-necked pheasant, Bullock's oriole, and raven. 
Desert Canyon also featured a building for the education department's animal ambassadors and a small amphitheater where animal programs were held.
Relocation.
Discovery Land closed in 2012 in anticipation of the new African Savanna. Before construction started, several of Discoveryland's animals were relocated to other areas of the park. An old angora goat and the Navajo sheep moved into the old desert bighorn sheep exhibit on South Rim. Tukut the bobcat and bald eagles Sam and Betsy moved to new exhibits on South Rim as well. The cacomistle and Seba's short-tailed bat's relocated to the Small Animal Building. Hogle Zoo would also pause continued care for the cougars, wolf spiders and gray foxes until 2024, when Discovery Land reopened under the new name Wild Utah as the definitive, public train-loop exhibit, complete with a new Woodland Edge where the plains bison habitat was.
Elephant Encounter.
The push for a new elephant habitat was issued by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums' new 2001 guidelines for elephant care. While many AZA zoos opted to relocate their elephants, Hogle Zoo already had plans for a new facility. In 2003, Salt Lake County voters approved Proposition #1, a bond that allotted Hogle Zoo $10.2 million to redo the Zoo's elephant and feline exhibits. The following year, construction began on the $5.5 million Elephant Encounter, an exhibit that would increase the elephant's habitat by 400 percent. The exhibit opened in June 2005, completing the Zoo's largest major animal exhibit in 25 years. The new home featured three female African bush elephants Hi-Dari, Christie, and Misha, as well as southern white rhinoceros half-siblings Princess and George. The exhibit received praise from the president of AZA at the time, Bill Foster, who noted that "Hogle Zoo is leading. They are ahead of the curve. (Hogle) Zoo will be known globally for the advancement that it's making now".
Elephant Encounter featured three natural outdoor exhibits. The first habitat was a large Serengeti inspired yard with a swimming channel that was 10.5 feet deep and held over 110,000 gallons of water. A second "working yard" allowed guests to see how zookeepers train and care for the large mammals. This habitat also featured overhead heaters and heated concrete floors to ensure the elephants were comfortable in winter months. Guests viewed this habitat from the African Lodge, a 2,600 square foot open-air African styled structure, constructed of wood and thatch materials. The Convergys Corporation pledged $200,000 to become the title sponsor of the structure. A kopje replica allowed guests to come face-to-face with the Zoo's rhinos in a third habitat.
Starting in 2006, attempts were made by a team of German veterinary scientists from the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin to artificially inseminate female elephant Christie. The team used samples from a male elephant named Jackson at the Pittsburgh Zoo. On the third attempt, Christie became pregnant. After a 22-month-long gestation, Christie gave birth to a healthy 251-pound female calf on August 10, 2009. The calf was named Zuri meaning "beautiful" in the Swahili language.
Pushback.
In 2020, the animal activist group In Defense of Animals added Hogle Zoo onto their list of "10 Worst Zoos for Elephants". The group called upon Utah's harsh winter climate and the Zoo's unnatural herd dynamics. With the deaths of Misha in 2008 and Hi-Dari in 2015, the Zoo's herd was down to just Christie and her daughter Zuri. Current AZA regulations mandate that herd sizes should be no less than three. In 2020, a Hogle Zoo spokesperson assured that the zoo is "working closely" with the AZA and Species Survival Plan "to increase the size of our herd, but that takes time. Our current master plan calls for a greater investment in elephants, with bigger barn, additional yards, and large walking paths. We are committed to the species."
End to elephant program.
In May 2023, Hogle Zoo officials announced a permanent end to their elephant program. After caring for elephants for over a century, the Zoo decided that the best plan for their elephants, Christie and Zuri, would be to relocate them to another accredited facility. The plan came after a comprehensive animal-driven evaluation that focused on giving the elephants the opportunity to live in a more behaviorally natural environment and have the chance to breed.
The Zoo's chief executive officer Doug Lund was quoted as saying that the zoo's leadership had "talked to many professionals, consultants, community members, and our staff as we carefully assessed what is best for all our animals, including elephants Christie and Zuri. The ultimate choice to move Christie and Zuri is to provide them both the best chance to have a calf in the important social dynamic of a multigenerational herd". In October 2023, Christie and Zuri were ultimately moved to the Kansas City Zoo &amp; Aquarium in Missouri where they were slowly introduced to a herd of seven elephants including six females and one male.
The exhibit has since been rethemed as High Desert Oasis featuring bachelor groups of Hartmann's mountain zebras and Przewalski's horses as well as a pair of Bactrian camels and longtime resident southern white rhinoceros, Princess.
Temporary exhibitions.
Tropical Gardens.
Tropical Gardens was a 3,300 square-foot temperature-controlled greenhouse built in 1995 that housed several temporary exhibits at Hogle Zoo. The 40-by-80-foot glass enclosure was manufactured in New York. The exhibit replaced exhibits for otters and pheasants and ultimately cost $430,000. Tropical Gardens' first exhibit was Butterfly World which opened on June 10, 1995. The exhibit featured hundreds of butterflies representing 21 species. 
In 1999, Jack, the Komodo dragon debuted in Tropical Gardens. On loan from Zoo Miami, Jack was over seven feet long and 150 pounds.
On June 19, 2000, Baringa and her son Bundaleer, two koalas on loan from the San Diego Zoo made their debut in a new exhibit Wonders from Down Under. The two koalas traveled from the Salt Lake City airport to the zoo in a limousine. The celebrity status didn't stop there for the koalas. Eucalyptus was flown in from Florida twice weekly to feed the animals while they were on exhibit through October 8, 2000. Wonders from Down Under also featured laughing kookaburras and stick insects.
Butterflies returned to Tropical Gardens in 2001.
Possibly the most popular exhibit in Tropical Gardens was Outback Adventure which ran in the summer months for three years from 2002 through 2004. The exhibit featured around 350 free-flight birds from Oceania including budgerigar, cockatiel, eastern rosella, Papuan eclectus, salmon-crested cockatoo, and zebra finch. The exhibit, which debuted on May 4, 2002, had a $1 entry fee. For an extra $1, guests could purchase a stick with food for the birds to come and feed from. Outback Adventure also featured blue-tongued skink, bearded dragon, and White's tree frog. 
Butterflies returned in 2005 and 2006. 
On May 5, 2007, the zoo debuted Ghost of the Bayou, an exhibit featuring Antoine, an all white alligator. The 9-foot and 220-pond alligator got his coloring from a genetic mutation called leucism. Antoine was one of 18 white alligators found in the wild in a nest outside of New Orleans in 1987. Because of their unique pigmentation, their chances of survival were low and were therefore taken to the Audubon Zoo where Antoine was on loan from. The rest of the exhibit featured other animals from America's wetlands including baby American alligators, cottonmouth, spotted salamander, and American bullfrog. The exhibit's popularity allowed it to return with Antoine in 2008. 
2009 saw the opening of Madagascar! and the first time fossas, Madagascar's largest carnivore were seen in Utah. The exhibit featured two predators as well as lesser hedgehog tenrec, Madagascar tree boa, Madagascar hissing cockroach, and radiated tortoise. 
The final exhibit to debut in Tropical Gardens was 2010s Nature's Nightmares featuring "scary" animals with important roles in their ecosystems. The stars of the exhibit were two king vultures. A colony of fifty free-flying straw-colored fruit bats from the Milwaukee County Zoo roosted above guests' heads. Terrariums held emperor scorpion Vietnamese centipede, dung beetle, Goliath bird-eating spider, leeches, and red-bellied piranha. Other species within the exhibit were Norway rat and striped skunk. The exhibit returned in 2011 when it was renamed Living Links.
From 1995 to 2011, Tropical Gardens was home to a number of some of the zoo's most popular exhibits and animals. The exhibit permanently closed in September 2011 when construction began on the Beastro, the zoo's main restaurant. Many of the temporary exhibits' supplementary animals stayed in the zoo's collection and were housed in the Small Animal Building including the colony of straw-colored fruit bats.
Summer exhibits.
During the summer, a number of special temporary exhibitions have been hosted at Hogle Zoo. These have ranged from animatronic dinosaurs to conservation themed art.
Hogle Zoo has featured several animated dinosaur exhibitions. The two most recent being Zoorasic Park (2011) and Zoorasic Park 2 (2015).
In 2013, Creatures of Habitat featured 32 Lego sculptures by Sean Kenny depicting life-size animal scenes including Humboldt penguins, polar bears, and golden lion tamarins.
Fourteen animatronics depicting various supersized bug species were scattered around zoo grounds in Bugszilla during 2017. The exhibit worked to help destigmatize the creepy-crawlies and helped educate guests on the important roles insects play in ecosystems.
Angela Haseltine Pozzi's Washed Ashore came to Hogle Zoo when fifteen of her sea-life sculptures were displayed in 2019. Each sculpture is made of recycled plastic that was collected from United States shorelines. The artwork educates viewers on the importance of recycling and reducing plastic waste as well as the effect pollution has on marine life.
World of the Wild Art Show.
Every year during late winter, the zoo hosts the World of the Wild Art Show. This indoor exhibition shows animal-themed art by various artists.
Master Plan.
In 1999, the zoo completed the planning of its first major Master Plan. The plan laid out the blueprints for the Main Entrance (1999), the Wildlife Theater (2004), Elephant Encounter (2005), Asian Highlands (2006), Oasis Plaza (2008), the Animal Hospital (2009), Rocky Shores (2012), the African Savanna (2014), and Creekside Playground (2016). These developments all occurred under zoo director Craig Dinsmore. In 2014, Hogle Zoo hired landscape and architecture firm CLR Design to develop upon the 1999 plan that would see the zoo through 2030. Dinsmore retired in 2017 after serving 20 years as director and CEO of Hogle Zoo. Since 2017, the new zoo directors have steered away from the 2014 Master Plan. Steve Burns' (director 2017-2020) Red Panda Exhibit (2018) and Meerkat Manor (2019) were not a part of the 2014 Master Plan. The current zoo director's, Doug Lund, new Wild Utah exhibit, which is now completed in 2024, is also not a part of the 2014 plan.
In May 2023, it was announced that the zoo is currently developing a new master plan, one that focuses on the animal welfare of gorillas, polar bears, rhinos, and orangutans. While this plan is now outdated, below outlines the major projects identified in the 2014 Master Plan.
Great Ape and Primate Forest expansion.
The Great Ape and Primate Forest expansion will be the biggest project Hogle Zoo still has to undertake. The project will modernize the exhibit space for the zoo's gorillas, orangutans, and smaller primates. As part of the plan, the zoo hopes to exhibit different species together. This would include allowing smaller primate species access to the great ape habitats. This idea of mixed-species exhibits will not only stimulate the animals, but it will give guests an idea of how these animals live in the wild. Primates and apes travel long distances in the wild. Therefore, another plan for the expansion is to have overhead chutes connect several exhibits to allow the animals to move to different exhibit spaces. This feature would give the animals choice as to where they would spend their days. The Great Ape and Primate Forest expansion will also allow better viewing opportunities for the guests.
Diversity of Life and Education.
The Diversity of Life and Education building is planned to replace the zoo's current EdZoocation Station and RendeZoo Room. The facility will not only function as exhibit space for the zoo's small animal collection, but as well as the new dedicated home for the zoo's education department.
Flex Exhibit Zone.
The 2014 master plan calls for the demolition of the current Small Animal Building. In its place, a new building will be erected that will feature seasonal exhibits. The Beastro, the zoo's main restaurant, replaced the zoo's Tropical Gardens exhibit which featured seasonal exhibits from 1995 until 2011.
Asian Highlands expansion.
The Asian Highlands expansion will include minor renovations to the current Asian Highlands exhibit as well as construction on more exhibits above Asian Highlands. The construction will also include improvements to the South Pathway.

</doc>
<doc id="7052392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052392" title="Gammelstaden">
Gammelstaden

Gammelstaden or "Gammelstad" ("Luleå Old Town") is a locality situated in Luleå Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 4,960 inhabitants in 2010. It is known for the Gammelstad Church Town, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
History.
A thousand years ago Luleå district consisted of an archipelago: the land was ten metres lower than today, pushed down by the weight of ice in the last ice age. The church hill of present-day Gammelstad was a small island at the mouth of the Lule river. During the 14th century the area became the centre of a parish stretching from the coast to the Norwegian mountains along the Kalix, Lule and Råne rivers.
After the Treaty of Nöteborg in 1323, Sweden and Russia disagreed about their northern border. To secure the area the Swedish state entrusted the Lule river valley to burghers from Central Sweden. The church sent out priests and built simple wooden churches, and 1339 was the first year church services were mentioned as having been held in 'Luleå'. Church, taxation and Swedish legislation were used to incorporate what is today Norrbotten into the Swedish state.
The building of Nederluleå Church commenced during the fifteenth century. This is a large building, reflecting the economic prosperity of the area, presumably based on trading fur and salmon. In the seventeenth century the rule was applied more strictly that all trade should be centred on the towns where it could be taxed, and in 1621 the town of Luleå was founded on the site of the old marketplace. It was noted as early as 1649 that the harbour had become too shallow owing to the land elevation.
The burghers of Luleå were forced to move their town nearer the coast. This led to the establishment of Luleå New Town and Luleå Old Town, present-day Luleå and Gammelstad, respectively. To the north-east of Gammelstad church, a few blocks with courtyards laid out at right-angles still remain, which have their roots in the 17th century.

</doc>
<doc id="7052393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052393" title="CC Goldwater">
CC Goldwater



</doc>
<doc id="7052394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052394" title="Chaumas">
Chaumas



</doc>
<doc id="7052396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052396" title="Digital-S">
Digital-S

Digital-S, later known as D-9, is a professional digital videocassette format created by JVC in 1995.
It is a direct competitor to Sony's Digital Betacam. Its name was changed to D-9 in 1999 by the SMPTE. It was used to a small extent in Europe and Asia and saw some use in the US, notably by the Fox News Channel, but was a commercial failure compared with Digital Betacam. It was superseded by high-definition tapeless formats.
Technical details.
The Digital-S tape itself uses a much higher quality metal particle formulation. The recording system is digital and for video uses DV compression at a 50 Mbit/s bitrate. Video is recorded in 4:2:2 component format at a variety of standard-definition resolutions, in either 4:3 or 16:9 aspect ratios. Audio is recorded as 16-bit/48 kHz PCM with up to four separate channels. The tape is 1/2 inch wide, the helical scan head drum is 62 mm in diameter, and the video tracks, which are read by the video heads in the head drum, are 20 microns wide. Video quality is generally very high; at standard definition, D-9's quality is comparable with Digital Betacam. The BR-D51U model is additionally capable of analogue S-VHS playback.
HD recording.
For high-definition video recording, JVC developed an extension to D-9 called D-9 HD, using twice the number of recording heads to record a 100 Mbit/s video bitstream at resolutions of 720p60, 1080i60 and 1080p24. This variant can also record 8 channels of PCM audio at 16 bits and 48 kHz. The higher data rate and increased tape speed mean that the recording time of any given cassette would be halved. D-9 HD, based on specifications, would have been higher quality than Sony HDCAM but lower than Sony HDCAM SR; no objective tests were made comparing these formats. With the exception of Fox's purchase of the format for "episodic television production" in 2001, the format has not seen much use in the professional realm.
Additional information.
Although D-9 uses the same video codec as DV, the video bitrate of D-9 is significantly higher than that of the prosumer format. DVCPRO achieves bitrate parity with D-9 and D-9 HD, but has a slower tape speed, making it less reliable. Some of the D-9 television studio gear is capable of recording with Sel-Sync or pre-read and is provided with four-channel audio like Digital Betacam. Serial digital interfaces (SDI) are also provided. A dockable recorder, the JVC BR-D40, attached to a variety of cameras, and there was a one-piece camcorder, the JVC DY-70U.

</doc>
<doc id="7052397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052397" title="BMW K1200S">
BMW K1200S



</doc>
<doc id="7052402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052402" title="Dr. P. Pookunhikoya">
Dr. P. Pookunhikoya



</doc>
<doc id="7052406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052406" title="C C Goldwater">
C C Goldwater



</doc>
<doc id="7052407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052407" title="Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart">
Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart

"Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart" is a song by American rock band Stone Temple Pilots, featured on their third album, "Tiny Music... Songs from the Vatican Gift Shop". An alternative rock tune, it was recorded in 1995 and released as the album's second single the following year. The track is also on the greatest hits album, "Thank You". It was the most played song on Active rock radio stations in the United States in 1996.
Composition and meaning.
The core music was written by drummer Eric Kretz, while the lyrics were written by Scott Weiland. Weiland stated in a radio interview that the very ambiguous and mysterious lyrics to the song alluded to a "very bad experience dropping acid." In his autobiography "Not Dead and Not For Sale" (its title a reference to the lyrics of "Trippin), he adds that it "reflects my hunger for redemption". The song's chorus riff references Led Zeppelin's "Dancing Days", which the band performed on '.
Critical reception.
Sadie Sartini Garner of "Pitchfork" praised "Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart" as a representation of alternative rock "whose burning chorus would've fit on Alice in Chains' "Dirt", and whose choppy, pepped-up verses cleared a happier path out of grunge that bands like Third Eye Blind would gladly follow."
In 2015, "Loudwire" and "Stereogum" ranked the song number six and number one, respectively, on their lists of the ten greatest Stone Temple Pilots songs.
Awards and accolades.
The band has had seven songs reach the number one position on the "Billboard" Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, with "Trippin' on a Hole in a Paper Heart" being their fifth single to reach the top. In 1997, the song received a nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance at the Grammy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="7052417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052417" title="Oklahoma State Highway 26">
Oklahoma State Highway 26

State Highway 26 (abbreviated SH-26 or OK-26) is a state highway in Oklahoma. It runs for a total of , south-to-north, in eastern Haskell County. SH-26 serves as a link between SH-31 and SH-9. There are no letter-suffixed spur highways branching from SH-26.
Route description.
SH-26 begins at SH-31 on the west side of McCurtain. For its entire length, the highway alternates between passing through forested areas and clearings. It travels in a curving path to the north to the intersection with SH-9, west of Keota.

</doc>
<doc id="7052419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052419" title="D-9 (video format)">
D-9 (video format)



</doc>
<doc id="7052427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052427" title="Breezly &amp; Sneezly">
Breezly &amp; Sneezly



</doc>
<doc id="7052429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052429" title="D9 (video)">
D9 (video)



</doc>
<doc id="7052431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052431" title="Dr John Arthur">
Dr John Arthur



</doc>
<doc id="7052432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052432" title="António Conceição">
António Conceição



</doc>
<doc id="7052438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052438" title="Manchuria Incident">
Manchuria Incident



</doc>
<doc id="7052442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052442" title="Light and Shade (This Ascension album)">
Light and Shade (This Ascension album)



</doc>
<doc id="7052470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052470" title="England A national rugby union team">
England A national rugby union team

England A is England's men's second national rugby union team. The team has previously been known by a number of names, such as England B, Emerging England and, most recently, England Saxons. England A play a key role in the development of emerging talent, allowing players to gain experience in an international environment and to show that they have the ability to perform at Test level for the England first team. England A were unbeaten for 13 games until losing to Ireland A, now known as Ireland Wolfhounds, in the 2009 Churchill Cup Final on 21 June 2009.
England A was one of three sides that regularly competed in the now-defunct annual Churchill Cup competition, the others being the full national teams of Canada and the United States. From 2006 onwards, they also regularly played two matches against other European countries in parallel with the full Six Nations Championship.
History.
England's second team was known as England B until 1992, when it was renamed as England A. In 2000, as part of its long-term strategic plan, the RFU re-examined the role of the 'second team' and decided that a change of name was desirable. Several names were considered – for example, England Aces and England Bloods – before the name England Saxons was chosen from a short-list of possibles. The change of name took effect from mid-May 2006, just before the start of that year's Churchill Cup.
England Saxons participated in the Churchill Cup from its inception in 2003 until its demise following the 2011 edition. Under the final format, they played three games: two at the pool stage and one on finals day. The Saxons also played two matches each season against the other teams competing in the Six Nations Championship – (France, Ireland, Italy, Scotland and Wales) – with the games being played on the same weekends as Six Nations test matches.
The team reverted to their traditional name of England A in May 2021. The name change was made ahead of the team's planned return against Scotland A that summer, having been on an extended hiatus since its two-match series win over South Africa A in 2016. However, this fixture was ultimately cancelled, due to a COVID-19 outbreak in the Scotland squad.
In November 2023, it was announced that England A would make another revival the following spring, coinciding with the 2024 Six Nations. In their first game in eight years, England A achieved their biggest ever win, defeating Portugal by 91–5 in February 2024. This marked the beginning of a more regular schedule of fixtures for the side, with another match against Australia A taking place in November of that year.
Concept.
England A are seen as an integral part of the RFU's development process:
England A games do not count as full England internationals, regardless of the opposition, as players are not capped. However, the governing body of a lower-tier nation may grant full national caps when its senior side plays the Saxons—for example, USA Rugby awarded official Test caps for the USA team's matches against the Saxons in 2008. If the opposition awards Test caps for a match, it counts fully in Test statistics for the capping nation, though not for England.
Recent results.
The following is a list of England A's recent match results, since the team's revival in February 2024, as well as upcoming scheduled fixtures:
Squad.
On 12 February 2025, a provisional 25-player squad was named in preparation for England A's fixture against Ireland A, taking place later that month, alongside the 2025 Six Nations.

</doc>
<doc id="7052473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052473" title="Cutteray">
Cutteray



</doc>
<doc id="7052482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052482" title="Kamil Bednar">
Kamil Bednar



</doc>
<doc id="7052485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052485" title="Statisticians' and engineers' cross-reference of statistical terms">
Statisticians' and engineers' cross-reference of statistical terms

The following terms are used by electrical engineers in statistical signal processing studies instead of typical statistician's terms.
In other engineering fields, particularly mechanical engineering, uncertainty analysis examines systematic and random components of variations in measurements associated with physical experiments.

</doc>
<doc id="7052495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052495" title="Charles Alfred Cripps">
Charles Alfred Cripps



</doc>
<doc id="7052499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052499" title="Meanwhile back in Communist Russia">
Meanwhile back in Communist Russia



</doc>
<doc id="7052501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052501" title="RedCard 2003">
RedCard 2003

RedCard 2003, known as RedCard in Europe, is a video game based on association football, released in 2002 by Point of View. The game follows most of the rules of football, but allows for heavy tackles and special moves once the player has charged up a special meter.
The game, released on the Nintendo GameCube, Xbox, and PlayStation 2, allows the player to compete across all the continents (including Antarctica) in a world conquest mode, which in turn unlocks the finals mode (World Cup). On each continent, the player begins against an easy team and faces increasingly more difficult opponents.
Brian McBride is depicted in the game's American cover art. He is replaced by a recreation of an iconic photo of Vinnie Jones gripping the groin of Paul Gascoigne on the PAL version.
Reception.
The game received "average" reviews on all platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, where the PlayStation 2 version was ported for release under the name on June 27, 2002, "Famitsu" gave it a score of 26 out of 40.
"Maxim" gave the PS2 version four stars out of five, saying, "Nothing jazzes up a sport better than flagrant infractions." "BBC Sport" gave it 77%, saying, "While this is definitely not a game to for serious fans, for those who want a half decent footie title with lots of fun extras - then "Red Card" ["sic"] makes a great alternative." "Playboy" gave it 75%, saying, "The game's too footloose for "FIFA" fans, not outrageous enough for "Blitz" devotees."

</doc>
<doc id="7052508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052508" title="AC Newman">
AC Newman



</doc>
<doc id="7052509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052509" title="Geoffrey Marsh">
Geoffrey Marsh

Geoffrey Marsh may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7052520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052520" title="Henry Crout">
Henry Crout

Henry Crout (fl. 1612 – 1617) was a settler and explorer, most likely from Devon in the English West Country. He became an investor in the London and Bristol Company and acted as Sir Percival Willoughby's agent and guardian to his son Thomas at the Cuper's Cove plantation in Newfoundland.
Crout was impressed with Newfoundland, and in his letters to Sir Percival Willoughby noted the potential of exploiting its rich resources and the possibility of establishing a fur trade with the Beothuk. He had noted in his correspondence the frequent raids of the pirate Peter Easton on the fishermen. He was accused of being a sympathizer with the pirates but claimed that he only met with them in an attempt to right wrongs done to the colonists and migratory fishermen.
Crout's primary duty was to Willoughby who planned to establish a settlement on the peninsula. He was to find a route from Conception Bay to Trinity Bay and make contact with the Beothuk. Early in September, 1612 he led a party to within a few miles of Trinity Bay cutting a trail (or "way") as he went. On September 9 a second crew was sent out to finish the way and widen it "for 2 men to passe together". The trail was extended for 18 miles from Cupers Cove to a place the colonists called "Mount Eagle Bay" but which today is called Hopeall.
From September 1, 1612 to May 13, 1613 Crout kept the colony's weather journal. He accompanied John Guy on his voyage to contact the Beothuk in Trinity Bay in the autumn of 1612 and wrote two accounts of the voyage. In July 1613 Crout made a second voyage into Trinity Bay in an attempt to contact the Beothuk. He returned to England in August 1613 to report to Willoughby in detail, and in the spring of 1616 he and Thomas Willoughby returned to Newfoundland with plans to build a house on Sir Percival's land in Carbonear. His attempt to settle in Carbonear failed. He spent the winter of 1616-1617 in Cupers Cove and probably returned to England in 1617.
Henry Crout's weather journal and a number of his letters have survived and contain a great deal of information on the early days of settlement in Newfoundland and contact between the early colonists and the Beothuk.

</doc>
<doc id="7052521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052521" title="Tonelli–Hobson test">
Tonelli–Hobson test

In mathematics, the Tonelli–Hobson test gives sufficient criteria for a function "ƒ" on R2 to be an integrable function. It is often used to establish that Fubini's theorem may be applied to "ƒ". It is named for Leonida Tonelli and E. W. Hobson.
More precisely, the Tonelli–Hobson test states that if "ƒ" is a real-valued measurable function on R2, and either of the two iterated integrals
or
is finite, then "ƒ" is Lebesgue-integrable on R2.

</doc>
<doc id="7052527" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052527" title="Lower Weare">
Lower Weare



</doc>
<doc id="7052533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052533" title="Mini driver">
Mini driver



</doc>
<doc id="7052541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052541" title="Solskjær">
Solskjær



</doc>
<doc id="7052550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052550" title="Shigawire">
Shigawire



</doc>
<doc id="7052556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052556" title="World on Edge">
World on Edge

World On Edge were a Canadian pop-rock group from Quebec from the early 1990s. The four-some comprised Rob Meyer, Steph Thompson, Peter Hopkins, and Jon Daniels.
History.
The World on Edge members worked together in (West) Germany with Christian Schudde, their co-producer. Their self-titled debut album "World on Edge" was released in 1991. It produced six singles which reached the Top 40 (based on a combination of charts from 'RPM 100 Singles' and 'The Record'); their best-known hit was "Still Beating".
In 1992 the band was nominated as "most promising group of the year" at the Juno Awards, but did not win.
The 1993 follow-up album "Against All Gods" received little air play and the video to the lead single "Who Shot Harry" was not aired by muchmusic. Album sales were weak; the group disbanded soon after.
They toured with Roxette on the Canadian leg of that group's 1992 Canadian tour.

</doc>
<doc id="7052557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052557" title="Vcodec">
Vcodec



</doc>
<doc id="7052558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052558" title="Steve lamak">
Steve lamak



</doc>
<doc id="7052575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052575" title="Dan Meyer (pitcher)">
Dan Meyer (pitcher)

Daniel Livingston Meyer (born July 3, 1981) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 2004 to 2010 for the Atlanta Braves, Oakland Athletics, and Florida Marlins. Meyer's coaching career began in 2014, within the Braves organization. Prior to the 2022 season, he was hired by the Pittsburgh Pirates. In 2024, Meyer was hired by the Colorado Rockies organization.
Amateur career.
Meyer pitched for Kingsway Regional High School in Woolwich Township, New Jersey, with whom he reached the South Jersey Group II final in 1999.
He played college baseball at James Madison University in Harrisonburg, Virginia under head coach Spanky McFarland. In 2001, he played collegiate summer baseball with the Cotuit Kettleers of the Cape Cod Baseball League. Meyer was a member of the Dukes' 2002 NCAA tournament team. After going 9–2 with a 3.15 earned run average and ninety strikeouts in 97 innings that season, the touted prospect was drafted in the first round (34th overall) in the 2002 Major League Baseball draft by the Atlanta Braves.
Playing career.
Atlanta Braves.
Used as a starter in the minor leagues, Meyer went 3–3 with a 2.74 ERA and 77 strikeouts in his first professional season with the Appalachian League's Danville Braves. Despite a losing record (7-10) in 2003 for the Rome Braves and Myrtle Beach Pelicans, Meyer posted a modest 2.87 ERA while striking out 158 batters in 160 innings pitched.
He began the 2004 season with the Double-A Greenville Braves and ended it with a September call up to Atlanta. Meyer appeared in two games for the Braves, both against the New York Mets. He faced a total of eight batters, allowing two hits and striking out one. At the 2004 Winter Meetings, Meyer was traded to the Oakland Athletics, along with pitcher Juan Cruz and outfielder Charles Thomas, for ace Tim Hudson.
Oakland Athletics.
After posting a 7.78 ERA in 6 games (4 starts) in Spring training 2005, Meyer was reassigned to the triple A Sacramento River Cats. For the first time in his minor league career, Meyer struggled in Sacramento. He led the River Cats pitching staff with eight losses (versus two wins) in nineteen games (17 starts), and landed on the disabled list twice with soreness in his pitching shoulder. His 5.36 ERA was a career high, as were his earned run (53), home run (15) and walk (43) totals. His strikeout numbers also declined from the days of being a prospect in the Atlanta Braves organization.
Meyer would spend most of his Oakland Athletics career in Sacramento, compiling a 23–18 record with a 4.40 ERA and 306 strikeouts in four seasons. During the 2006 season, he had season ending surgery in which bone chips were removed from his shoulder. He returned healthy in 2007, going 6–2 with a 3.40 ERA through the middle of August to earn his first call to the majors since joining his new organization. Making his first career start on August 17 at McAfee Coliseum, Meyer lasted just four innings against the Kansas City Royals, who fell a single short of hitting for the cycle in the first inning. All told, he walked two, allowed two home runs, two triples and uncorked a wild pitch for a total of six runs (3 earned) in picking up the loss.
He returned to Sacramento after the game, where he picked up two more wins with a 2.25 ERA before receiving his third call-up to the majors when rosters expanded in September. He pitched 12.1 innings that September, compiling a 9.49 ERA and one loss. He returned to the A's as a reliever in 2008, and was fairly effective in his first two appearances (4 strikeouts in 5 innings, no earned runs) before making a start. He lasted five innings and gave up three earned runs, all on solo home runs, to take the loss. From there, his season spiraled downward. He went 0–3 with a 10.19 ERA in eight games over the rest of the season.
Florida Marlins.
Following the 2008 season, Meyer was claimed off waivers by the Florida Marlins. He earned a job in the Marlins bullpen for 2009, and soon emerged as one of manager Fredi González's top relievers. On June 12, Meyer earned his first major league win against the Toronto Blue Jays. Two weeks later, he earned his first career save against the Baltimore Orioles.
Through the All-Star break, Meyer was 2–0 with two saves and a 1.78 ERA, however, Meyer's success would be short lived. His ERA soared in the second half to 5.09. His 2010 season with the Marlins started out very badly, and continued to get worse as time went by. He was optioned down to the triple A New Orleans Zephyrs with a 10.80 ERA after his first twelve appearances. After working out mechanical issues, he returned to the big league club on July 9. He pitched one scoreless inning the following day before being shut down for the season with a calf injury.
Philadelphia Phillies.
The Philadelphia Phillies signed Meyer to a Minor League contract with an invitation to spring training during the off-season. On March 18, 2011, he was reassigned to minor league camp. He requested his release on April 3, and signed with the Pittsburgh Pirates shortly afterwards.
Though Meyer's time with the Phillies was brief and included no regular season experience, it provided one of the more interesting footnotes to his career. Antonio Bastardo, with whom Meyer competed for a lefty spot in the Phillies bullpen that Spring, was suspended by Major League Baseball on August 5, 2014, for his connection to Biogenesis of America. The news prompted the following tweet from Meyer on Twitter:
Pittsburgh Pirates.
He pitched only innings for the Pirates' triple A affiliate, the Indianapolis Indians with a 7.45 ERA before his season was cut short by a second shoulder surgery. He recovered from his surgery too late to try to catch on with a Major League team for 2012, so he joined the Atlantic League's Long Island Ducks midway through the season. He appeared in eighteen games for the Ducks, and was 2–6 with a 7.02 ERA.
Baltimore Orioles.
In November 2012, Meyer signed a minor league deal with the Baltimore Orioles. He did not pitch at all in 2013 after failing to make the team in Spring training.
Coaching career.
Atlanta Braves.
Meyer returned to the Atlanta Braves organization and began his coaching career with the Danville Braves in 2014. In March 2015, Meyer became a minor league pitching rehabilitation coordinator for the Braves system. Meyer was named as the pitching coach for the Rome Braves for the 2016 season, and held the position through the 2018 season. Meyer was named as the pitching coach for the Florida Fire Frogs for the 2019 season. Meyer was later named as the pitching coach for the Mississippi Braves for the 2021 season. In May 2021, Meyer was named the interim manager for Mississippi. At season's end, Meyer was named the Double-A South Manager of the Year. 
Pittsburgh Pirates.
In January 2022, Meyer was named pitching coach for the Pittsburgh Pirates AAA affiliate Indianapolis Indians.
Colorado Rockies.
Meyer was named pitching coach for the Hartford Yard Goats the Double-A affiliate of the Colorado Rockies for the 2024 season. 
Personal life.
Meyer was inducted into the South Jersey Hall of Fame in November 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="7052577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052577" title="Franz Daniel Pastorius">
Franz Daniel Pastorius



</doc>
<doc id="7052588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052588" title="William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar">
William, Duke of Saxe-Weimar

Wilhelm, Duke of Saxe-Weimar (Altenburg, 11 April 1598 – Weimar, 17 May 1662), was a duke of Saxe-Weimar.
Wilhelm was the fifth (but third surviving) son of Johann, Duke of Saxe-Weimar, and Dorothea Maria of Anhalt. He was brother to Bernard of Saxe-Weimar, a successful Protestant general in the Thirty Years' War, and to Ernest I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha (later Altenburg), a successful and well-regarded ruler known as "The Pious".
Youth.
Like his brothers Johann Ernst and Friedrich, Wilhelm studied at the University of Jena. Later, he accompanied his brothers in their studies abroad. Their educational tour began at the end of August 1613; the brothers visited France, Great Britain and the Netherlands before returning home in 1614.
Some years later, on 24 August 1617, during his mother's funeral, Wilhelm helped found the Fruitbearing Society. In 1651 he became the second head of the society.
Reign.
In 1620 Wilhelm became regent of all the estates of his older brother, Johann Ernst, after the latter was subject to the ban of the Empire for refusing to submit to the emperor. When Johann Ernst died in 1626, Wilhelm assumed the title duke of Saxe-Weimar.
One year later, Wilhelm was created a member of the Order of the Stability. During the years 1622–1623, he created a patriotic federation, the "German Friedbund", for the promotion of the German states and religious liberties. Wilhelm's maternal uncle, Louis I of Anhalt-Köthen, provided the "friedbund" with a generous endowment.
Rise to power.
Wilhelm allied himself with his brothers in the Thirty Years' War, serving under Ernst von Mansfeld and Georg Friedrich, Margrave of Baden-Durlach. Later he was promoted under the service of Christian the Younger of Brunswick.
During the division of the paternal states in 1640, Wilhelm retained Weimar and Jena, and his younger brother Albrecht received Eisenach. When Albrecht died childless in 1644, Wilhelm assumed control of the entire inheritance.
King Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden was responsible for Wilhelm's quick rise through the ranks of the military. After Gustav II Adolf's death, however, Count Axel Oxenstierna successfully prevented Wilhelm from assuming another command as lieutenant general, and Wilhelm acceded to the Peace of Prague in 1635.
When Prince Louis I of Anhalt-Köthen died on 7 January 1650, the members of the Fruitbearing Society decided that Wilhelm should become his uncle's successor as head of the society. After the obligatory mourning period, Wilhelm became the new head of the society on 8 May 1651, a position that he retained to the end of his life. In contrast to his predecessor, however, he was essentially limited to representative tasks.
Marriage and children.
In Weimar on 23 May 1625, Wilhelm married Eleonore Dorothea, daughter of John George I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau. They had nine children:
Legacy.
Wilhelm wrote the words for the hymn "Herr Jesu Christ, dich zu uns wend" in 1648. The hymn was sung on Sundays in Thüringen after the priest had entered the pulpit to give his sermon. With a melody that dates back to 1628, it has entered modern German hymnody. In Weimar Johann Sebastian Bach and his cousin Johann Gottfried Walther, the organists at the Schloss and the Stadtkirche, both composed several settings of the hymn, as chorale preludes and chorale variations. Among the five settings by Bach are BWV 632, from the Orgelbüchlein, and BWV 655a, which became part of the Great Eighteen Chorale Preludes.
Wilhelm is portrayed positively as a figure in the fictional 1632 series, also known as the 1632-verse or Ring of Fire series, an alternate-history book series, created, primarily co-written and coordinated by historian Eric Flint.

</doc>
<doc id="7052593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052593" title="Lional Fenn">
Lional Fenn



</doc>
<doc id="7052597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052597" title="2006 Polaris Music Prize">
2006 Polaris Music Prize

The inaugural edition of the Canadian Polaris Music Prize presented on September 18, 2006, at Toronto's Phoenix Concert Theatre. The winning album was Final Fantasy's "He Poos Clouds".
Nominees.
The prize's list of 10 finalist albums, chosen from an initial list of 165 nominees, was announced on July 4.
Album.
A compilation album featuring tracks from the ten nominated albums was also released.

</doc>
<doc id="7052604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052604" title="Real-valued">
Real-valued



</doc>
<doc id="7052605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052605" title="Franz Pastorius">
Franz Pastorius



</doc>
<doc id="7052608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052608" title="Dateline (SBS)">
Dateline (SBS)



</doc>
<doc id="7052611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052611" title="KCWI-DT">
KCWI-DT



</doc>
<doc id="7052615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052615" title="Digital Watermarking Alliance">
Digital Watermarking Alliance

The Digital Watermarking Alliance is a group of like-minded companies that share a common interest in furthering the adoption of digital watermarking. The mission of the Digital Watermarking Alliance is:
Founding members.
The Digital Watermarking Alliance is made up of 12 companies that all have an established presence in the digital watermarking technology and solutions market. Member companies include:
Current members.
As of January 2018, the Digital Watermarking Alliance have 6 companies as its members.

</doc>
<doc id="7052617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052617" title="The White Lady (Namibia)">
The White Lady (Namibia)

The White Lady is a rock painting, located on a panel, which also displays other art work. The paintings can be found on a small rock overhang, deep within Brandberg Mountain. The giant granite monolith located in Damaraland and called 'The Brandberg' is Namibia's highest mountain. The painting's German name is Weiße Dame.
The painting has long been an archaeological dilemma, and several different hypotheses have been put forth on its origins, authorship and dating. It is now usually accepted to be a bushmen painting, dating back to at least 2000 years.
Location and description.
The "White Lady" archaeological site is located close to the road from Khorixas to Henties Bay, in the area of Uis, on the Brandberg Massif. The Brandberg itself hosts over 1.000 bushmen paintings, scattered across rock shelters and caves.
The "White Lady Group" is found in a cave known as "Maack Shelter" and portrays several human figures as well as oryxes, on a rock panel measuring about 5.5 m x 1.5 m. The "White Lady" is the most detailed human figure in the group, and measures about 39.5 cm x 29 cm. To reach The White Lady it is necessary to hike for about 45–60 minutes over rough terrain, along the gorge of the normally dry Tsisab river.
It is usually assumed that the painting shows some sort of ritual dance, and that the "White Lady" is a shaman. She has white legs and arms, which may suggest that her body was painted or that she was wearing some sort of decorative attachments on her legs and arms. She holds a bow in one hand and perhaps a goblet in the other. Because of the bow and the oryxes, the painting has also been interpreted as a hunting scene. Apart from the shaman/lady, the other human figures have less detail, and are mostly completely black or completely white. One of the oryxes has human legs. The paint was probably made of ochre, charcoal, manganese, hematite with blood serum, egg white and casein used as binding agents.
The painting has undergone severe damage since it was first discovered in the early 20th century. For a few decades, tourists would pour water onto the painting to make the colors more clearly visible, causing the painting to fade quickly. The site is now a protected heritage site of Namibia and visiting is only permitted with official guides. For protection of the art works, bags and bottles are not allowed at the far end of the trail.
Because of tourist protests, the metal wire netting has been replaced by only two metal bars, to ensure a better view.
Finding and interpretation controversy.
The White Lady was first discovered in 1917 by German explorer and topographer Reinhard Maack. As he was surveying the Brandberg. Maack was impressed by the main figure of the painting, which he described as "a warrior". In his notes, he wrote that "the Egyptian-Mediterranean style of all the figures is surprising". He made several hand-drawn copies of the painting, which were later published in Europe.
In 1929, Maack's notes came under the attention of the well-known French anthropologist Henri Breuil while he was visiting Cape Town. Breuil noted analogies between the White Lady and paintings of athletes found in Knossos (Crete), and suggested that the Brandberg might have been visited by a group of travelers coming from the Mediterranean area. It was Breuil who first referred to the painting as "the white lady". In 1945 Breuil could finally visit the White Lady site, and published his theories on the Mediterranean origin of the painting first in South Africa and then in Europe.
Breuil's arguments influenced several later hypotheses concerning the painting, some which suggested that it could be Phoenician in origin. Breuil's farfetched theory aligned with the racist policies of the South African government at that time, which downplayed any evidence that Black people could produce sophisticated art works.
In the second half of the 20th century, most theories about Mediterranean influences on the ancient history of sub-Saharan Africa (like those about Great Zimbabwe being "non-African" in origin) were gradually dismissed.

</doc>
<doc id="7052621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052621" title="Stretford (UK Parliament constituency)">
Stretford (UK Parliament constituency)

Stretford was a parliamentary constituency in North West England, which returned one Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The constituency was created for the 1885 general election, and abolished for the 1997 general election. The constituency was centred on the town of Stretford and originally included an area to the south west of the city of Manchester. The boundaries changed considerably over its existence, at times extending east to include parts of the city itself and at other times including the towns of Irlam and Urmston to the west.
Boundaries.
1885–1918.
The Stretford Division of the County of Lancashire was formed by the Redistribution of Seats Act 1885. The constituency consisted of a number of civil parishes and townships to the south and south-east of the city of Manchester and north-east of the borough of Stockport:
An extension of the boundaries of Manchester meant that Rusholme became part of the city later in 1885. A further enlargement saw Burnage, Chorlton-cum-Hardy, Didsbury and Withington included in Manchester in 1904. Similarly, the County Borough of Stockport was enlarged to include Reddish in 1901 and Heaton Norris in 1913. These local government boundary changes did not affect the constituency until the next parliamentary redistribution in 1918.
1918–1950.
The Representation of the People Act 1918 reorganised constituencies throughout the United Kingdom. A new Stretford Division of Lancashire was formed. The areas in Manchester and Stockport passed to the Manchester Rusholme, Manchester Withington and Stockport constituencies. The new Stretford constituency included areas further to the west and was defined as consisting of the following local government units of the administrative county of Lancashire:
1950–1983.
For the 1950 general election, a new Stretford borough constituency was created. The constituency comprised the Municipal Borough of Stretford (successor to the urban district) and the urban district of Urmston. The Astley area passed to the Leigh borough constituency and Clifton to the Farnworth county constituency.
1983–1997.
Constituencies were redrawn for the 1983 general election to reflect the changes in local government in 1974. A new Stretford borough constituency, part of the Greater Manchester parliamentary county, was formed. The new constituency consisted of two wards of the City of Manchester, and five wards from the Metropolitan Borough of Trafford. The Manchester wards were Moss Side and Whalley Range, and the Trafford wards were Clifford, Longford, Park, Stretford and Talbot. Urmston became part of the new constituency of Davyhulme.
Abolition.
The Parliamentary Constituencies (England) Order 1995, which came into effect for the 1997 general election, abolished the Stretford constituency. The area was redistributed, with Moss Side and Whalley Range added to an enlarged Manchester Central seat. The remainder became part of the new Stretford and Urmston constituency. The last MP for Stretford, Tony Lloyd, was subsequently elected as the Member of Parliament for Manchester Central.
Elections.
Elections in the 1900s.
"Maclure died 28 January 1901."
Elections in the 1910s.
 
Elections in the 1930s.
"Crossley died in an aeroplane crash off the coast of Denmark on 15 August 1939."
Elections in the 1980s.
"Boundary changes meant that the seat would notionally have been won by Labour in 1979 with a majority of 3,607. The sitting MP, Winston Churchill, moved to the newly created Davyhulme constituency which included part of the pre-1983 Stretford seat"

</doc>
<doc id="7052630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052630" title="E-0">
E-0



</doc>
<doc id="7052631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052631" title="Francis Pastorius">
Francis Pastorius



</doc>
<doc id="7052640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052640" title="Coorilose Geevarghese">
Coorilose Geevarghese

Mor Coorilos Geevarghese, formerly George Mathew Nalunnakkal, is the Metropolitan of Niranam Diocese of Malankara Jacobite Syriac Orthodox Church.
Life and pastoral career.
George Mathew Nalunnakkal was born in Nalunnakkal, Kottayam, Kerala in 1965 as son of P.C. Mathew (Principal Sub Registrar) and Marykutty. He has two brothers and four sisters. He was baptized at St. Adai's Jacobite Syriac Orthodox Church, Nalunnakkal, his home parish. His early schooling was done at St. Adai's Primary School, St. Elias Upper Primary School, Nalunnakkal and Jerusalem Mount High School, Vakathanam. After his schooling he joined St. Berchmans' College, Changanacherry where he did his Pre-Degree and Graduation in English literature.
Theological studies.
After his graduation, he joined the United Theological College, Bangalore for his theological studies. He completed his B.D in 1990 in first class and was appointed as research assistant in the department of Church and Society. In 1991, he joined the faculty of the M.S.O.T. Seminary in Mulanthuruthy, Kerala. In 1992 he was offered a scholarship to do his doctoral studies in England and he joined the University of Kent at Canterbury, England to do his Ph.D. in Ecotheology under Anglican Professor Robin Gill. On completing his Ph.D., he rejoined M.S.O.T. Seminary and resumed teaching. In 2001 Mor Coorilos joined the teaching faculty of the United Theological College, Bangalore.
Ordination.
Mor Coorilos was ordained a deacon in 2001 and a priest in 2002 by Thomas Mor Themotheose Metropolitan. After his ordination, he served as vicar in different parishes in Kerala and assistant vicar in one of the Bangalore parishes. In 2006, he was elevated to the position of Bishop
Other positions.
He presently serves as the president of KCC (Kerala Council of Churches). He served the Kerala Council of Churches as its senior faculty member (1997–1998), the National Council of Churches in India as its executive secretary for Mission and Evangelism (1998–2001). He now serves the World Council of Churches as moderator of its Commission on World Mission and Evangelism (CWME). He was also a full member of the WCC's reference group on Human Sexuality. Mor Coorilos also serves as a member of the Working Group of Global Christian Forum (GCF) that looks at the issue of proselytism and mission and also as the chairperson of the Student Christian Movement of India (SCMI). He is also a member of the advisory group of Korean Institute of Future Ecumenism (KIFE). He also serves as a member of the Theological Commission of the Malankara Jacobite Syriac Orthodox Church that is engaged in bilateral dialogue with the Mar Thoma Syrian Church. Mor Coorilos was an active prohibitionist during the time period of Kerala's Liquor Bar issue of Second Oommen Chandy Ministry.
India Center for Social Change.
 Mor Coorilos was the chairman of Theeram, India Center for Social Change, a charitable trust that Mor Coorilos founded in 2002 which has been working for the welfare of mentally challenged children in Kerala. Under his leadership this institution has established thirteen vocational training and day care centers in various parts of Kerala and a full-fledged residential centre in Puthuppally, Kottayam under the name Theeram, where about 225 mentally disabled children are being trained. Theeram has also started an old age home in the tsunami-hit area of Alappadu in Karunagappally, Kerala.
Mor Adai Study Center.
, Metropolitan Coorilos was serving Mor Adai Study Center as its working president. He was the co-founder and the executive director since 2003, and when he was elevated to the position of metropolitan, he became the working president.
Published works.
Coorilos's published works include:

</doc>
<doc id="7052649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052649" title="Mourad Benhamida">
Mourad Benhamida

Mourad Benhamida (born 18 January 1986) is a French footballer who plays as defender for French lower league side Vaulx-en-Velin FC.
Career.
Olympique Lyon.
Born in Villeurbanne, Rhône, Benhamida was trained in the youth sections and player development program of Lyon.
He was known for his prowess in the ranks of the Lyon's junior amateur team, playing in the CFA 2 that he captained. In April 2006, Lyon' president Jean-Michel Aulas announced that Benhamida would sign a one-year professional contract with the club alongside fellow young hope and France U-18 international Grégory Bettiol. Both helped their team win the second division Amateur Championship to get promoted in the CFA.
He was considered part of the young generation of promising players formed by Lyon who were signed by the club (sometimes before being sold to other outfits) like: Jérémy Berthod, Karim Benzema, Hatem Ben Arfa, Bryan Bergougnoux, Grégory Bettiol, and Jérémy Clément.
Montpellier HSC.
Benhamida, after receiving little playing time with Lyon, transferred to Montpellier HSC on a Bosman transfer. He made his debut as a late-match substitute in Montpellier's 3–1 win over FC Libourne. He scored his first goal on 17 August 2007 against Troyes AC in Montpellier's 3–0 victory.

</doc>
<doc id="7052650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052650" title="Bom Sucesso, Brazil">
Bom Sucesso, Brazil



</doc>
<doc id="7052657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052657" title="Paris, When it Sizzles">
Paris, When it Sizzles



</doc>
<doc id="7052665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052665" title="Middleton-by-Youlgreave">
Middleton-by-Youlgreave

Middleton, often known as Middleton-by-Youlgreave or Middleton-by-Youlgrave to distinguish it from nearby Middleton-by-Wirksworth, is a village in the Peak District, Derbyshire, England. The appropriate civil parish is called Middleton and Smerrill. The population of this parish was 137 at the 2011 Census. It lies south west of Youlgreave, above the River Bradford. Its main industries are farming and tourism.
History.
This manor was mentioned in the Domesday Book as belonging to Henry de Ferrers; it included a mill and was worth sixteen shillings.
The village grew during the Middle Ages. Middleton Castle, a fortified manor house, was built in the early seventeenth century, and saw some fighting during the English Civil War. Christopher Fulwood attempted to raise a Royalist force from his base in the Castle, but on 16 November 1643, Roundhead troops raided the house and killed him. The Castle now lies in ruins.
The settlement's present appearance dates from the early nineteenth century. Thomas Bateman rebuilt most of the village in the 1820s, incorporating the mullioned windows of earlier buildings to retain something of its traditional appearance. Bateman rebuilt Middleton Hall as his own residence, and the small parish church dates from some fifty years later.
His grandson, also named Thomas Bateman, grew up at Middleton Hall, and began his life-long interest in archaeology. Arbor Low, a significant Neolithic barrow, lies two miles west of the village. The younger Thomas built Lomberdale Hall as his residence.
An annual well dressing takes place in Middleton. Every summer the village hosts a musical festival, showcasing local musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="7052669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052669" title="Distillation Design">
Distillation Design

Distillation Design is a book which provides complete coverage of the design of industrial distillation columns for the petroleum refining, chemical and petrochemical plants, natural gas processing, pharmaceutical, food and alcohol distilling industries. It has been a classical chemical engineering textbook since it was first published in February 1992.
The subjects covered in the book include:

</doc>
<doc id="7052670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052670" title="Joe Gould's Secret (movie)">
Joe Gould's Secret (movie)



</doc>
<doc id="7052673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052673" title="Middleton-by-Youlgrave">
Middleton-by-Youlgrave



</doc>
<doc id="7052680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052680" title="Middleton by Youlgrave">
Middleton by Youlgrave



</doc>
<doc id="7052683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052683" title="Test Data">
Test Data



</doc>
<doc id="7052687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052687" title="Middleton by Youlgreave">
Middleton by Youlgreave



</doc>
<doc id="7052688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052688" title="Sarutaiá, Brazil">
Sarutaiá, Brazil



</doc>
<doc id="7052699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052699" title="Soostone">
Soostone



</doc>
<doc id="7052702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052702" title="Joyce Tenneson">
Joyce Tenneson

Joyce Tenneson (born May 29, 1945) is an American fine art photographer known for her distinctive style of photography, which often involves nude or semi-nude women.
Biography.
Tenneson earned her master's degree in photography from George Washington University after starting as a model for Polaroid. She left her job as a photography professor at 39, and moved from Washington D.C. to New York. Tenneson shoots primarily with the Polaroid 20x24 camera. In an interview with a photography magazine, Tenneson advised artists: "I very strongly believe that if you go back to your roots, if you mine that inner territory, you can bring out something that is indelibly you and authentic - like your thumbprint. It's going to have your style because there is no one like you." As a child, her parents worked on the grounds of a convent, which is where she grew up with her two sisters. She and her sister "were enlisted to be in holiday pageants and processions. It was a mysterious environment - something out of Fellini - filled with symbolism, ritual, beauty, and also a disturbing kind of surreal imagery."
Her work has been displayed in more than 100 exhibitions around the world. Tenneson has had cover images on several magazines including "Time", "Life", "Entertainment Weekly", "Newsweek", "Premiere", "Esquire" and "The New York Times Magazine".
Awards.
In 1989, Tenneson received the "Infinity" award from the International Center of Photography, and in 1990 received Women in Photography International's "Photographer of the Year" award.
In 2005, Tenneson received the Lucie Award for "Professional Fine Art Photographer of the Year."
In 2012, Tenneson received the Lifetime Achievement Award from Professional Photographers of America.
In 2018, Tenneson received the Lucie Award for Achievement in Portraiture.
In 2021, Tenneson was inducted into the International Photography Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="7052703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052703" title="Bernouilli (crater)">
Bernouilli (crater)



</doc>
<doc id="7052705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052705" title="The AP Poll">
The AP Poll



</doc>
<doc id="7052713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052713" title="Lloydminster Lancers">
Lloydminster Lancers



</doc>
<doc id="7052735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052735" title="Felicia Andrews">
Felicia Andrews



</doc>
<doc id="7052744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052744" title="Duma Key (book)">
Duma Key (book)



</doc>
<doc id="7052754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052754" title="Igancio Suarez">
Igancio Suarez



</doc>
<doc id="7052763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052763" title="Linval Thompson">
Linval Thompson

Leval Alphonso Thompson (born 12 October 1954, Kingston, Jamaica), also known as Linval Thompson, is a Jamaican conscious roots reggae vocalist, dub musician and record producer.
Biography.
Thompson was raised in Kingston, Jamaica, but spent time with his mother in Queens, New York City, and his recording career began around the age of 20 with the self-released "No Other Woman," recorded in Brooklyn, New York. Returning to Jamaica in the mid-1970s he recorded with Phil Pratt, only to return to New York to study engineering. Returning again to Jamaica, he worked with Lee "Scratch" Perry at his Black Ark studio, recording "Kung Fu Man", and recorded with Bunny Lee, which resulted in his debut album, "Don't Cut Off Your Dreadlocks", in 1976. Thompson began to produce his own material, the first releases being the Trojan album "I Love Marijuana" (1978), and its dub counterpart "Negrea Love Dub". Although he continued to work as a singer, he became increasingly prominent as a producer, working with key artists of the late roots and early dancehall era such as Dennis Brown, Cornell Campbell, The Wailing Souls, Barrington Levy and Trinity, with releases through Trojan Records as well as his own Strong Like Sampson and Thompson Koos record labels.
In 2000, Steve Barrow and Mick Hucknall re-released Thompson's hitherto rare and largely unavailable Bunny Lee vocal and dubwise discomixes on an album on their Blood and Fire label entitled " Ride On Dreadlocks 1975–77", thereby introducing generations of new listeners to his music. Thompson's productions were also used as the basis of some of Scientist's best-known dub albums. He has also produced albums for Eek-A-Mouse, Freddie McGregor, Ranking Dread, and The Viceroys.

</doc>
<doc id="7052770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052770" title="Oklahoma State Highway 27">
Oklahoma State Highway 27

State Highway 27 (abbreviated SH-27) is a state highway in east-central Oklahoma. It has an extent of from south to north in Hughes and Okfuskee Counties. There are no letter-suffixed spur highways branching from SH-27.
SH-27 was first added to the state highway system in the late 1940s, but was removed from state control for approximately two years. Around 1958 it was returned to the highway system. Over the course of the highway's history, it was upgraded from a dirt and gravel connector route to a fully paved highway. The route was realigned in the mid-1990s, changing its southern end from US-75 north of Wetumka to SH-9 west of Wetumka. The route's northern terminus, at US-62 in Okemah, has remained constant throughout its history.
Route description.
State Highway 27 begins at SH-9, west of Wetumka. From this terminus, SH-27 proceeds due north. It passes approximately west of Lake Wetumka. The route spends a total of in Hughes County before crossing the line into Okfuskee County.
In Okfuskee County, SH-27 diverges from its due north heading, curving to the northwest briefly before crossing the North Canadian River. From the river, it is a straight shot into Okemah. On the south edge of town, SH-27 intersects I-40 at Exit 221. US-62 exits the interstate at this interchange, and follows SH-27 into town along Division. At Broadway, SH-56 joins the concurrency. Finally, at the north end of town, US-62 turns west on Columbia, while SH-56 turns east; SH-27 ends at this intersection.
History.
SH-27 first appears on the official state highway map in its 1948 edition, suggesting that it was created at some point in 1947. At this time, the route began in the north in Okemah, as it does presently; its southern terminus, however, was at US-75 north of Wetumka. In Hughes County, the highway consisted of gravel, switching to dirt in Okfuskee County. The highway existed in this state until 1956, when it was removed from the highway system.
By 1959, SH-27 had returned to the state highway system. The Okfuskee County portion of the route had been upgraded to gravel. In 1960, the route was realigned to cross the county line further east than it did previously. The segment of highway extending from approximately the North Canadian River crossing northward to Okemah was paved in 1967. By 1972, the entire route had been paved.
SH-27 remained unchanged throughout the remainder of the 1970s and 1980s. In 1994, the southernmost reaches of the route were realigned. Instead of ending at US-75 north of Wetumka, the highway's southern terminus was changed to fall at SH-9 west of town. This change left the highway in essentially the same configuration that it is today.

</doc>
<doc id="7052774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052774" title="Strive">
Strive



</doc>
<doc id="7052775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052775" title="Güines, Cuba">
Güines, Cuba



</doc>
<doc id="7052780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052780" title="10th Anniversary Album (The Ventures album)">
10th Anniversary Album (The Ventures album)

10th Anniversary Album is a studio album by the Ventures, which was released to commemorate the band's 10th anniversary in 1970. It is a double LP that features covers of classic 1960s pop hits, including songs by The Beatles and Simon &amp; Garfunkel. It also contains songs from the early 1970s, such as "Who'll Stop the Rain" and "Bridge Over Troubled Water." The album peaked at #91 on the "Billboard" 200 chart.
Track listing.
In parentheses, the performers that made these songs popular.
Was available on Liberty Records LST 35000, eight track cartridges 9077 and cassettes C 1077 Stereo.

</doc>
<doc id="7052801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052801" title="VCodec">
VCodec



</doc>
<doc id="7052802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052802" title="The Witness (character)">
The Witness (character)

The Witness is the name of at least three fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Of these, the first was published by Timely Comics in the 1940s and the final two by its successor company, Marvel Comics.
Timely Comics.
Publication history.
The first Witness debuted in the eight-page story "The League of Blood" in the superhero anthology series "Mystic Comics" #7 (Dec. 1941), during the period fans and historians call the Golden Age of Comic Books. A costumed superhero in this incarnation, the character was created by writer Stan Lee, who wrote the stories under the pen name "S.T. Anley", and an unknown artist. This version of the character appeared in one story each in "Mystic" #7–9 (Dec. 1941 – May 1942).
A Timely character called The Witness also appeared, in a different costume, as the star of the eponymous comic "The Witness" #1 (Sept. 1948), in three stories written by Lee and drawn variously by Ken Bald and Syd Shores, with Charles Nicholas providing the cover. The Grand Comics Database lists this character as a different entity than the "Mystic Comics" version, while Jess Nevins' "A Guide to Golden Age Marvel Characters" considers them the same man. However, according to "The Twelve" #1, the Witness of World War II was put in suspended animation during the year 1945, suggesting that the two are in fact different characters. This is further confirmed in the "Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe A-Z Vol. 14".
This series lasted only one issue, but the character went on to narrate essentially anthological suspense stories in "Ideal" #4 (Jan. 1949), in a seven-page tale penciled by Gene Colan; "Captain America Comics" #71–72 (March–May 1949); "Amazing Mysteries" #32 (May 1949); and "Marvel Mystery Comics" #92 (June 1949).
The "Mystic Comics" Witness returned in the 12-issue miniseries "The Twelve", by writer J. Michael Straczynski and artist Chris Weston.
Fictional character biography.
The Witness is a Chicago detective who accidentally shot an innocent man in the line of duty. After serving two years in prison, he attempts to commit suicide. However, a mysterious voice tells him it is not his time, and charges him with the task of seeing a tragedy about to occur beforehand. He will then watch the impending victim for several days to judge if the person deserves saving, in which case he would either try to prevent the tragedy, or simply witness the event without becoming involved. Near the end of World War II, the Witness and a dozen other heroes became trapped by Nazi scientists and placed in suspended animation until they were awoken in the present day. After being re-acclimated into 21st century life, the Witness was seen working with Nick Fury.
Another incarnation of the Witness was merely a passive observer of crime and humanity's foibles, which he would report on a radio program.
Powers and abilities.
The Witness possesses some sort of extrasensory perception allowing him to know when and where a crime will be committed, so he can observe it. He is a good unarmed combatant and proficient with various handguns.
Other characters.
New Universe.
The Witness (Nelson Kohler) is a fictional character appearing in the comic books published by Marvel Comics, as part of the New Universe imprint. The Witness is a ghostly figure, an onlooker drawn to paranormal events.
Fictional character biography.
Nelson Kohler was driving when the White Event occurred. He lost control of his car, crashed and was hospitalized, critically ill. He was later declared brain-dead and his life support system was switched off. His body died but his paranormal powers manifested, leaving him a bodiless ghost.
He felt an irresistible pull towards people who were developing paranormal powers, although he could not be seen or heard. Among those whose manifestations he witnessed were characters regularly published in the comic book "DP7" (Randy O'Brien, David Landers, Stephanie Harrington, Charlotte Beck, Lenore Fenzl, Jeff Walters, and Dennis Cuzinski). He originally speculated on why he was drawn to these events, but ultimately concluded that there was no reason or pattern to his wanderings. Unable to participate in or affect the events he watched, he declared himself to be an unseen, impartial "witness".
He also felt drawn to the disaster known as The Pitt, after which he had strange experiences with other ghosts and other people seemed to be able to see him.
Powers and abilities.
As a specter, Nelson Kohler has complete control over his ectoplasmic form that allows him to fly, turn invisible, pass through solid objects, and overshadow living beings. He is drawn to when and where humans first use their powers or to some other catastrophic event.
The X-Men.
A character called the Witness (whose real name is LeBeau) has appeared in X-Men continuity, in "XSE" #4 (Feb. 1997), "Bishop: The Last X-Man" #3 &amp; 14 (Dec. 1999 &amp; Nov. 2000), and "Gambit &amp; Bishop" #2–6 (April–Aug. 2001). The character is hinted to be a future version of Gambit.

</doc>
<doc id="7052804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052804" title="Shane Aaron">
Shane Aaron



</doc>
<doc id="7052833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052833" title="Tylototriton shanjing">
Tylototriton shanjing

Tylototriton shanjing, the emperor newt, Mandarin newt, or Mandarin salamander, is a highly toxic newt native to Yunnan and parts of South China. It is sometimes seen in private collections and is potentially available for sale at certain reptile and amphibian-specializing pet stores and occasionally through captive breeders.
Description.
"Tylototriton shanjing" can grow up to long. It has a ridged orange head with a darker, almost black body, with a single orange ridge running down its back to the tail-tip. This dorsal ridge is paralleled by a row of circular, orange bumps on both sides of the newt’s body—these are the poison glands. The tail and legs are the same shade of orange, which can vary based on population, diet, distribution, etc.
Defense.
"Tylototriton shanjing" might seem like easy prey because of its slow, almost unenthusiastic movements. However, the bright orange coloration it displays is, in nature, generally a warning to potential predators that the animal is poisonous, even lethal, if ingested or bitten into. This vivid color warning-system is prevalent throughout amphibians, reptiles, invertebrates, some fish and plants, as well as in many types of fungi which are toxic if eaten. The newt’s orange bumps along its back are its poison glands; when the newt is grabbed, the tips of the ribs will squeeze out poison from these glands. Emperor newts have enough toxin to kill approximately 7,500 mice. Therefore, most larger animals avoid this newt. Additionally, it is generally nocturnal and hard to find. If an animal attempts to bite into it, the top of the newt’s vertebrae and skull have especially thick bone. Although poisonous if eaten, or if their toxin is ingested, these newts are generally safe for human handling, provided they are held carefully and gently, and not more often than is absolutely necessary. Non-powdered latex or nitrile gloves should be, ideally, worn by the handler. One’s hands should be washed thoroughly before and after handling—even if gloves are worn—not only for sanitary reasons (such as the presence of "Salmonella" and other pathogens), but for the newt’s own health. All amphibians possess highly permeable skin, making it vital to wash and dry one’s hands thoroughly before and after handling any amphibian (or reptile), even if gloves or other protective hand wear are used.
Range and habitat.
Emperor newts live in central, western, and southern Yunnan, China, between above sea level.
They inhabit pools and slow-moving streams in subtropical forests.
Diet.
The emperor newt usually eats small invertebrates in its environment, such as crickets and worms. Emperor newts in captivity are typically given wax worms, crickets, and earthworms.
Taxonomy.
For a long time, emperor newts were classified together with the Himalayan newt ("T. verrucosus").

</doc>
<doc id="7052854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052854" title="Anna in the Tropics">
Anna in the Tropics

Anna in the Tropics is a play by Nilo Cruz. It won the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
Plot.
The play is set in Ybor City, a section of Tampa and the center of the cigar industry. When Cuban immigrants brought the cigar-making industry to Florida in the 20th century, they carried with them another tradition. As the workers toiled away in the factory hand rolling each cigar, the lector, historically well-dressed and well-spoken, would read to them. It was the lector who informed, organized and entertained the workers until the 1930s, when the rollers and the readers were replaced by mechanization.
In the play, the lector reads "Anna Karenina", sparking the characters' lives and relationships to spin out of control.
Productions.
"Anna in the Tropics" was commissioned and originally produced by New Theatre, Coral Gables, Florida, Rafael del Acha, Artistic Director, Eileen Suarez, Managing Director, in 2002 with support from the NEA/TCG Theatre Residency Program for Playwrights.
The South Coast Repertory presented the play on its Julianne Argyros Stage. It ran from 28 September to 19 October 2003. Directed by Juliette Carrillo, the cast included Jonathan Nichols (Eliades/Palomo), Tony Plana (Santiago), Geoffrey Rivas (Cheché), Onahoua Rodriguez (Marela), Adriana Sevan (Conchita), Karmín Murcelo (Ofelia) and Julian Acosta (Juan Julian).
The play started performances on Broadway at the Royale Theatre (since renamed Bernard B. Jacobs Theatre) on November 4, 2003, opening on November 16. Directed by Emily Mann, the cast included Jimmy Smits (Juan Julian), Priscilla Lopez (Ofelia), Daphne Rubin-Vega (Conchita), Victor Argo (Santiago), Vanessa Aspilaga (Marela), John Ortiz (Eliades/Palomo) and David Zayas (Cheché). The play closed on February 22, 2004, after 15 previews and 113 performances 
The first U.S. national tour starting in September 2004 and ending in February 2005 was a co-production between Dallas Theater Center, Arizona Theatre Company, and Pasadena Playhouse. Directed by Richard Hamburger, the cast included Al Espinosa (Juan Julián), Jacqueline Duprey (Conchita), Timothy Paul Perez (Eliades/Palomo), Apollo Dukakis (Santiago), Javi Mulero (Cheché), Adriana Gaviria (Marela), and Karmín Murcelo (Ofelia).
L.A. Theatre Works presented "Anna in the Tropics" as part of its 2004–2005 season. Directed by Jose Luis Valenzuela, the cast included Jimmy Smits, Onahoua Rodriguez, Adriana Sevan, Jonathan Nichols, Winston Rocha, and Herbert Siguenza.
On September 16, 2005, and translated as "Ana en el trópico", the Spanish version opened in Madrid at the Teatro Alcázar and was directed by Nilo Cruz himself. The cast included: Luis Fernando Alvés (Palomo/Elíades), Joan Crosas (Santiago), José Pedro Carrión (Cheché), Toni Acosta (Marela), Lolita Flores (Chonchita), Teresa María Rojas (Ofelia), Pablo Duran (Juan Julián), Itziar Arza, Alfonso Ramos and Marian Sanz de Acedo (cigarreras/os).
The play was presented in the UK at the Hampstead Theatre in London. Directed by Indra Rubasingham, it ran from 30 November 2005 to 15 January 2006. The cast included Diana Quick, Rachael Stirling and Joseph Mydell.
Due to the coronavirus pandemic lockdown, Repertory Philippines' production of "Anna in the Tropics" closed on March 13, 2020, after two previews. The production was designed and directed by Joey Mendoza.
Recognition.
"Anna in the Tropics" was widely regarded as a "long shot" for the 2003 Pulitzer Prize for Drama, mainly because it had not been seen in New York City. The play premiered at the New Theatre in Coral Gables, Florida, and had to compete with Edward Albee's "The Goat, or Who Is Sylvia?" and Richard Greenberg's "Take Me Out" for the coveted award.
Cruz, a Cuban-born playwright living in New York, remarked,
It's wonderful. I cannot believe it. The other day I went to the bookstore and I saw a book by William Kennedy. He won the Pulitzer for "Ironweed", which I adore. I was standing there looking at his books and thinking how amazing it was that this writer won a Pulitzer, and now I've been given one, too. I think I'm still in shock. I haven't completely acknowledged the grandness of the award.
His past works, such as "Two Sisters and a Piano", have earned him a reputation for writing lyrical, atmospheric plays with powerful emotions and language.
"Anna in the Tropics" was honored with two nominations at the 2004 Tony Awards. The show was nominated in the category of Best Play and Best Featured Actress in a Play (Daphne Rubin-Vega)
Film adaptation.
The "Hollywood Reporter" reports that Academy Award nominee, Lee Daniels ("Precious") has signed on to develop a film based on the play—which is being produced by Mankind Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="7052875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052875" title="Jamie Tarses">
Jamie Tarses

Sara James Tarses (March 16, 1964 – February 1, 2021) was an American television producer and television studio executive. She was the president of ABC Entertainment from 1996 to 1999, the first woman and one of the youngest people to hold such a post in an American broadcast network.
Early life.
Tarses was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, the daughter of television writer Jay Tarses and Rachel Tarses (née Newdell), on March 16, 1964. Her younger sister, Mallory Tarses, is a fiction writer and high school English teacher, and a younger brother, Matt Tarses, is a producer and screenwriter ("The Goldbergs," "Scrubs," "Sports Night".
Tarses graduated from Williams College in 1985 with a degree in theater.
Career.
Casting director.
After graduating from college, Tarses became an assistant to the talent executive on the 1985–1986 season of "Saturday Night Live." She then worked as a casting director for Lorimar Productions, filling roles for mid-run "Perfect Strangers".
Network executive.
In September 1987, Tarses was hired by NBC Productions' Brandon Tartikoff as the manager of creative affairs. She climbed the corporate ladder at NBC until 1996. Here, she helped develop "Friends", "Mad About You", "Frasier", "NewsRadio", and "Caroline in the City". In 1991, she passed on her father's pilot about jazz musicians, called "Baltimore".
Tarses left NBC in 1996 amidst a significant amount of press coverage. From 1996 to 1999, she was president of ABC Entertainment. She resigned in August 1999 with two years remaining on her contract. At the time of her departure she had one sitcom, one comedy, and one legal drama on ABC's schedule. 
Tarses was the subject of what Bill Carter of "The New York Times" called an "unflattering profile" written by Lynn Hirschberg in "The New York Times Magazine" in July 1997, in which she "was portrayed as an embattled executive whose competence and professionalism was being questioned in Hollywood show business circles".
Amanda Peet, who played Jordan McDeere, the head of fictional network NBS on the NBC show "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip", said her character "is loosely based" on Tarses. Tarses was a consultant for "Studio 60".
While at ABC, she helped develop and greenlight "Dharma &amp; Greg".
Producer.
In 2005, Tarses partnered on a production company called Pariah Productions with producer Gavin Polone. Later, she had a company called FanFare Productions at Sony Pictures Television.
Tarses was co-producer of "My Boys", a comedy about a female sports reporter starring Jordana Spiro, on TBS cable television network from November 28, 2006, until September 14, 2010. In 2010, she produced several television series, including "Mr. Sunshine", "Happy Endings", and "Franklin &amp; Bash."
Personal life.
Tarses married DreamWorks SKG television executive Dan McDermott in 1993. They divorced in 1996. Tarses also dated Robert Morton, executive producer of "Late Show with David Letterman", and Matthew Perry. She had two children, Wyatt and Sloane, with her partner Paddy Aubrey, an executive chef and restaurant owner.
She served on the board of directors and the advisory board of directors for Young Storytellers, an arts education nonprofit organization based in Los Angeles. She was a volunteer at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.
Death.
Tarses had a stroke in the fall of 2020, spent time in a coma, and then died in Los Angeles on February 1, 2021, at age 56 from what a family spokesperson called "complications of a cardiac event".
References.
Specific
Bibliography

</doc>
<doc id="7052878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052878" title="Rei Fighter Gekitsui Senki">
Rei Fighter Gekitsui Senki

Rei Fighter Gekitsui Senki is a combat flight simulation published in 2003 by Global A Entertainment. It was only released in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="7052880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052880" title="Puressence (album)">
Puressence (album)

Puressence is the first album by the English alternative rock band Puressence, released in 1996.
Critical reception.
"NME" wrote that "this magnificent debut album – by turns both plaintive and gutturally anthemic – still stands as a towering miserablist masterpiece."
Track listing.
All songs written by Mudriczki, Szuminski, Matthews and McDonald.

</doc>
<doc id="7052889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052889" title="R. v. Escobar-Benavidez">
R. v. Escobar-Benavidez



</doc>
<doc id="7052896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052896" title="Northwestern Steel and Wire">
Northwestern Steel and Wire

Northwestern Steel and Wire was a steel mill and wire factory located in Sterling, Illinois. It began producing steel in 1936 and ceased production in 2001.
Early history.
The beginning of Northwestern Steel and Wire Co. (NWSW) can be traced back to Washington M. Dillon's move to Rock Falls, Illinois from Ohio. He founded Northwestern Barbed Wire Co. upon his arrival in 1879. In 1892 Dillon partnered with J.W. Griswold to form Dillon-Griswold Company. Dillon-Griswold produced barbed wire, bale ties, drawn wire, and nails. Dillon left the company in 1902 to devote himself fully to Rock Falls operation. By 1912 the Griswold Company had landed itself in receivership and its assets were liquidated to the Lawrence Brothers of Sterling, Illinois. Within the next week Dillon had purchased the Griswold Co. from the Lawrence Brothers and moved Northwestern Barbed Wire to Sterling.
Steel production begins.
The first furnaces.
In 1936, Washington Dillon's son, P.W. Dillon, installed two electric furnaces and rolling machines in the barbed wire factory in order to make low carbon steel. Two years later the company became known as Northwestern Steel and Wire. The systems and furnaces were successively upgraded in the ensuing years. During World War II, to keep up with escalating demand, two 50-ton electric furnaces were installed. By 1950 150-ton furnaces were in use. Throughout the years, as production increased, larger furnaces became the norm.
Living and working in the Post-WWII years.
In the years following the end of World War II, Northwestern Steel and Wire attracted workers from several states away, especially from the Southern states such as Texas and Oklahoma that were in the midst of a post-war recession. These workers were housed in 100 railroad box cars converted to homes and arranged in 4 rows of 25 each along the Rock River. The cars were all painted silver with paint left over from the war and the residents referred to the place as "Silver City". The rental charges were taken out of the employee's pay and there was a "Company Store" adjacent to the store, that could be used to buy groceries with company credit.
Production in the modern era.
By 1968, NWSW had installed a massive 250-ton furnace, but it was during the 1970s that the scale of the furnaces at the Sterling plant became truly enormous. This capacity allowed NWSW to achieve the ranking of "15th or 16th largest United States steel concern, depending on whether it is ranked by tonnage output or dollar volume." In the 1970 fiscal year, NWSW's revenue was nearly $160 million. 
In 1971 and 1976 two 400-ton Electro-Melt furnaces were put in place, by George F Reitzel Electric. Those were the largest furnaces in the world at the time. A third furnace was converted to 400-ton capacity in 1979. In the same year, NWSW employed 4,678 people, the highest number ever employed as Whiteside County's largest industry.
The 1980s started with a worldwide steel depression. That, coupled with stiffer competition, resulted in a significant downturn for the company. For example, during the fourth quarter of 1984 NWSW lost $15.8 million. During the same period a year later, they lost $10.4 million.
Usage of steam locomotives.
Northwestern Steel used steam locomotives to move scrap metal to the furnaces and to transfer hot ingots to the rolling machines, long after the era of steam engines was bygone in the broader culture. The company usually bought second-hand switchers from railroads such as the Illinois Central. The engines used in the mill weren't graceful or agile, like many of those that once pulled passenger trains. They were unseemly and barely capable of moving 40 mph.
In 1960, 15 steam locomotives came in from the Grand Trunk Western Railroad. NWSW, seeing that a few were in good shape, decided not to scrap them all but rather use them in the scrap yard.
Northwestern Steel's steam engines were among the last to operate in the United States. 73, as it was known, (a 1929 Baldwin locomotive) was among the final steam engines used in regular service in America. NWSW last used the locomotive on Dec. 3, 1980 at 10 a.m. Its final run was made coupled to the technology that replaced it, a diesel engine. On Jan. 19, 1981, No. 73 was moved to the south lawn of the Paul W. Dillon Home. From tracks inside the steel mill complex, the locomotive was taken east along the Geneva Subdivision main line of the Chicago &amp; North Western Railroad a mile and a half to a location which passes just behind the Dillon home. 73 was then lifted via four cranes and moved the last 75 yards to its final resting place as a memorial to Dillon, the man who kept the idea of steam engines alive for more than twenty years.
The end of an era.
On Oct. 7, 1998, NWSW announced its intention to cease production of most of its wire products. At the time its work force hovered around 2,000. With the company's announcement, over 400 people were laid off, bringing the total employed to 1,503. Dec. 19, 2000 the company filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code; the company lost more than $83 million that year. On May 18, 2001, Northwestern Steel and Wire ceased operations.
In 2002, Leggett &amp; Platt, a Fortune 500 company, later reopened a portion of the old mill with a new name, Sterling Steel Company LLC (SSC). Today, Sterling Steel Company employs roughly 400 workers.
Labor strife.
Around the time of the company's nomenclature alteration (to Northwestern Steel and Wire), the first significant attempts to organize NWSW's labor force were made. In July 1936 a three-week labor strike was led by labor activist John L. Lewis. During the violence that followed at least one worker died.

</doc>
<doc id="7052900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052900" title="Sasori">
Sasori

Sasori (Japanese for scorpion) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7052901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052901" title="Allegheny General Hospital">
Allegheny General Hospital

Allegheny General Hospital is a large urban hospital located at 320 East North Avenue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It is part of the larger Allegheny Health Network.
History.
Allegheny General Hospital, also known locally by the acronym "AGH", is located in the Central Northside neighborhood of Pittsburgh. AGH was the first hospital in Pennsylvania to be designated as a Level 1 shock trauma center. It was also the first hospital in the northeastern United States to offer an aeromedical service.
Now the academic flagship of Allegheny Health Network, Allegheny General Hospital began as a 50-bed infirmary, housed in two adjoining brick rowhouses in what was then Allegheny City, immediately north of Pittsburgh. Starting in 1881, the mayor of Allegheny City began meeting with a committee of physicians and prominent residents of Allegheny City to discuss the construction of, and fund-raising for, a new North Side hospital. Three years later, the committee bought two adjacent properties along Stockton Avenue.
 The hospital was chartered in 1882, and on February 15, 1886, the forerunner to today's Allegheny General Hospital opened its doors. In 1887, the hospital established a children's wing, and in 1889, an ambulance was donated to the hospital; AGH would operate its own ambulance service for the next 64 years. At the turn of the century, the hospital's directors began collecting funds for a new AGH, to be built just a block away, also along Stockton Avenue.
The seven-story, 400-bed facility cost $620,000 and opened in 1904. The new space included more modern laboratory facilities: separate rooms for urinalysis, blood work, bacteriology, and autopsies.
In 1920, hospital leaders began looking for a new home. New York architecture firm York and Sawyer was hired to draw plans for what would be one of the nation's first "skyscraper" hospitals, and by 1929, construction was underway, just to the north of the Stockton Avenue location. The cornerstone was laid in 1930, but the Great Depression interrupted construction for several years. The 22-story hospital was completed in 1936.
Over the years, the hospital expanded, with a new East Wing added. In 1981, a new inpatient tower, the $104 million Snyder Pavilion, was completed.
Allegheny General is its highest-volume educational hospital, featuring a 576-bed quaternary care and educational hospital for 24,000 inpatient admissions, 23,000 surgeries, and nearly 56,000 emergency department visits each year.

</doc>
<doc id="7052903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052903" title="Grigoris Balakian">
Grigoris Balakian

Grigoris Balakian (; 1875 – 8 October 1934), was a bishop of the Armenian Apostolic Church, in addition to being a survivor and memoirist of the Armenian genocide.
Life.
Grigoris Balakian was born in Tokat in the Ottoman Empire, and graduated from the Sanasarian College in Erzurum. He had been studying architecture in Germany for two years and got a degree in civil engineering. He became a celibate priest ordained under the monastic name Grigoris Balakian. On 24 April 1915 he was among the group of 250 leading Armenian figures of Constantinople who were arrested and deported.
One group was deported to Ayaş. Balakian was deported to Çankırı, north-east of Ankara with the rest of the 190 other deportees from the capital. Only 16 of them would survive. He marched with 48 deportees from Çankırı in the direction of Deir ez-Zor in the Syrian desert. On the way Balakian won the confidence of captain of constabulary Shukri Bey and learned about the Ottoman government's plan to exterminate the whole Armenian population. Balakian was able to flee toward Islahie. He joined a group of workers on the Bagdad-railway where Turkish deserters did forced labor alongside Armenian refugees. While Armenian workers between Marash and Bartche were being slain, Balakian fled to another construction site on the Bagdad railway. He was helped by German engineers and finally succeeded – disguised as Herr Bernstein – in escaping from Constantinople to Paris.
At the 1921 trial in Berlin against Soghomon Tehlirian, the murderer of Talât Pasha, Balakian appeared as a witness for the defendant together with Johannes Lepsius. Soghomon Tehlirian was ultimately acquitted.
Balakian became prelate of Manchester, London and finally bishop of Marseille. Two churches were built under his guidance in Marseille and Nice (St. Mary, 1928) as well as a number of chapels and schools. He died in Marseille.
Balakian is the granduncle of literary critics Anna Balakian (an expert on symbolism and surrealism who chaired New York University's Department of Comparative Literature) and Nona Balakian (an editor at the New York Times Sunday Book Review and a founder of the National Book Critics Circle) as well as the great-granduncle of Peter Balakian, an Armenian-American writer and winner of the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.
Achievements.
Balakian's memoirs in "Armenian Golgotha" are an important eyewitness account of the genocide. He describes his experiences during the deportation. Balakian was one of the few surviving leaders of the Armenian community who gave an account of the deportation.
Komitas Vartapet belonged to the same group of detainees as Balakian. His information about the traumatization of the famous composer and founder of modern Armenian classical music are of eminent importance.

</doc>
<doc id="7052920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052920" title="Yippee, Yappee &amp; Yahooey">
Yippee, Yappee &amp; Yahooey



</doc>
<doc id="7052922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052922" title="Anaconda 3">
Anaconda 3



</doc>
<doc id="7052934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052934" title="Noel Betowski">
Noel Betowski

Noel Betowski (born 1952 in Tilbury, Essex, England) is an artist living and working in Cornwall.
He graduated from Central School of Art and Design in 1976, having been taught by David Haughton. Betowski was a winner of the John Constable prize in 1987 and 1988 and has exhibited at Royal Cornwall Museum, The Royal Academy and The National Portrait Gallery.
Betowski is an elected member of the Penwith Society of Arts and a member of the Newlyn Society of Artists.
His work references Entoptic phenomenon and Dazzle camouflage which was used on shipping to confuse enemy guns in World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="7052943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052943" title="Bruce Anderson (soldier)">
Bruce Anderson (soldier)

Bruce Anderson (June 19, 1845 – August 22, 1922) was an African American Union Army soldier in the American Civil War and a recipient of America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions during the Second Battle of Fort Fisher.
After working as a farmer in New York Anderson joined the military to fight in the Civil War and volunteered with a group of other soldiers to eliminate a palisade that was blocking the advance of his unit. After completing the mission and destroying the palisade, Anderson and twelve others were recommended for the Medal of Honor but the paperwork was lost. Anderson hired an attorney to get the Medal and he and two other soldiers received it in 1914.
Biography.
Anderson was born June 19, 1845, in Mexico City but by the beginning of the Civil War was working as a farmer in New York. He enlisted for service in the military from Schenectady on August 31, 1864, as a private in Company K, 142nd New York Volunteer Infantry. Anderson has the unusual, but not unique, distinction of being an African American soldier who served in a white Civil War regiment.
On January 15, 1865, Anderson participated in the Union's second attack on Fort Fisher in North Carolina. He and twelve other men answered a call for volunteers to advance ahead of the main attack and cut down the palisade which blocked their path. Despite intense fire from the Confederate defenders, Anderson and the others were successful in destroying the obstacle. General Adelbert Ames recommended all thirteen men for the Medal of Honor, but his report was misplaced and not all of the medals were issued.
Forty-nine years after the end of the war, in 1914, Anderson hired a lawyer in an effort to receive the Medal of Honor. One of the other soldiers in the palisade-cutting group, Private Zachariah C. Neahr, had successfully petitioned for the award decades earlier. At Anderson's prompting, the Adjutant General of the Army launched an investigation which uncovered General Ames' letter of recommendation and sought out the other men of the group. Three men, Alaric B. Chapin, George Merrill, and Dewitt C. Hotchkiss, were found to be still alive and were, along with Anderson, again recommended for the medal. Anderson, Merrill, and Chapin were each issued the Medal of Honor on December 28, 1914; Hotchkiss' recommendation was overlooked a second time, and he was never decorated.
Anderson lived for a time in Illinois, but eventually returned to New York and settled there in the city of Amsterdam. He died August 22, 1922, at age 77 in St. Peter's Hospital in Albany, New York, and was buried at Green Hill Cemetery in Amsterdam.
Medal of Honor citation.
The President of the United States of America, in the name of Congress, takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Private Bruce Anderson, United States Army, for extraordinary heroism on 15 January 1865, while serving with Company K, 142d New York Infantry, in action at Fort Fisher, North Carolina. Private Anderson voluntarily advanced with the head of the column and cut down the palisading.
General Orders: Date of Issue: December 28, 1914
Action Date: January 15, 1865
Service: Army
Rank: Private
Company: Company K
Regiment: 142nd New York Infantry

</doc>
<doc id="7052945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052945" title="Defcon Robot Contest">
Defcon Robot Contest

The Defcon Robot Contest was a robotics competition which was held at the annual DEF CON computer security conference in Las Vegas.
History.
Defcon 12 (2004).
The first competition was held at Defcon 11 in 2003. The objective was to transport ping pong balls from one corner of an arena to the other. Only Irvine Underground entered a team and they were able to successfully complete the task.
Defcon 13 (2005).
The task this year was to first follow a line around a maze, scooping up ping pong balls along the way, then fire them at cans on a wall at one end of the arena. Two teams entered this year, with the team from Florida winning.
Defcon 14: (2006).
Since the previous contests proved to be too expensive, the Defcon 14 rules were changed to make it easier for the smaller teams to compete. The requirement for battery power was dropped, but the requirement to be fully autonomous was enforced. The goal was to shoot down 1, 2, and 3 inch white targets from 10 feet away. 6 teams entered and all teams were able to shoot down many targets. Team Octopi, a team of four computer science and computer engineering students from The University of Utah won the contest. They shot down 28 targets in 37 seconds.
Defcon 15: (2007).
This year's task was very similar to Defcon 14, with only minor changes. The main change was that targets were no longer infrared (so no special IR camera was required). Also, to make it more exciting, the format was changed from timed match to head-to-head match (double elimination). The winners were Team Octopi again, shooting 24 targets in 16.6 seconds.
Team Octopi's bot has shown significantly better results than other teams (second place was 35.6 seconds, almost twice as slow), so to encourage more people to compete they have promised not to participate in next year's competition.
Defcon 16: (2008).
This year's rules were exactly the same as previous years. First place was taken by Team Yozhik, shooting 24 targets in 15.7 seconds. This was the first time that team participated in DefconBots competition. Before that, the team took first place in RoboGames 2008 competition in San Francisco.
The contest's organizer, Kallahar, has stated that next year's competition will be in a different format. One reason for that was the high complexity of building a shooting robot—winning teams used expensive parts like industrial AC servo motors, commercial AC/micro-stepping controllers and high precision Harmonic drive gearboxes. While the teams did not pay the full price for them (because of eBay or corporate donations), other teams would have to spend large amounts of money to replicate the winning designs.
Prizes.
Each year the prizes change, but the real prize is the respect earned. The prizes do not even come close to covering the cost of building the bot.
Since Defcon 14, the prize includes Black Badge, which gives lifetime unlimited entry to all future Defcons.

</doc>
<doc id="7052957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052957" title="John Orsino">
John Orsino

John Joseph Orsino (April 22, 1938 – November 1, 2016) was an American Major League Baseball catcher. He was signed by the New York Giants as an amateur free agent before the 1957 season, and played for the San Francisco Giants (1961–1962), Baltimore Orioles (1963–1965), and Washington Senators (1966–1967). After a career year in 1963, he career was later cut short by chronic arm problems.
Early life.
Orsino was born on April 22, 1938, in Teaneck, New Jersey, the only child of John and Helen (Higgins) Orsino. He grew up in nearby Fort Lee, where he attended Fort Lee High School. Orsino played on the school's baseball and basketball teams. He was named to the Bergen County Scholastic League second-team All-League in basketball, at center. 
He attended the University of Bridgeport on a full tuition scholarship. The New York Giants Willard Marshall helped get him into Bridgeport, and then when Orsino decided to leave the school during his first year, it was Marshall that signed him to a professional baseball contract with the Giants.
Playing career.
The New York Giants signed Orsino as an amateur free agent in 1957.
Minor leagues.
In 1957, he was assigned to the Class-D Michigan City White Caps, where he played over 100 games at catcher, with a .223 batting average and 20 home runs. From 1958-60, he played at various levels in the now San Francisco Giants minor league system. In 1960, he hit .296 with a .970 OPS (on-base plus slugging) for the Double-A Rio Grande Valley Giants, with 21 home runs and 63 runs batted in (RBI) in only 314 at bats. Orsino had been called for military service during the off-season. He began the 1961 season with the Triple-A Tacoma Giants, when he was called up by the major league Giants on July 14, 1961.
Major leagues.
San Francisco Giants.
Orsino made his major league debut on July 14, 1961, against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Candlestick Park. He was the starting catcher and went 0-for-3 with 3 putouts, 2 assists, an error, and a passed ball. The Giants lost, 6–4. The next day was a lot better; he was in the starting lineup again and went 1-for-3 with a walk, a run batted in, a run scored, and no errors in the field as the Giants crushed the Pirates 8–3. His first major league hit was against Harvey Haddix. He finished out the 1961 season with the Giants, hitting .277 in 83 at bats, with four home runs, starting 22 games. 
He was called up again to serve in the Army shortly after the season ended because of the Berlin crisis, and would miss considerable playing time the following season before returning to the Giants. The Giants went to the World Series in 1962, but Orsino only played in 18 games for the Giants that year. The Army did not release him until mid-season, and teammates Tom Haller and Ed Bailey were established as the team's catchers by then. He had one at bat in the World Series.
Baltimore Orioles.
On December 15, 1962, Orsino was acquired along with Stu Miller and Mike McCormick by the Orioles from the Giants for Jack Fisher, Billy Hoeft and Jimmie Coker. His best major league season was 1963, when he had career highs in games played (116), hits (103), at bats (379), home runs (19), runs batted in (56), runs scored (53), and on-base percentage (.349). The Orioles had a good year, winning 86 games and losing 76.
In 1964, Orsino split time as starting catcher with Dick Brown and Charlie Lau (for whom the Orioles traded in June after Orsino was injured). Orsino suffered a broken hand in late May that required surgery. Orsino did come back in the 1964 season, but he never again matched his 1963 numbers during his career. 
At Memorial Stadium on September 12, 1964, Orsino was the Orioles starting catcher in a rare battle of complete game one-hitters, between Baltimore's Frank Bertaina and Bob Meyer of the Kansas City Athletics. Orsino doubled to lead off the bottom of the eighth inning of the scoreless game, and teammate Bob Saverine came in to pinch run for him. Saverine advanced to third on a Bertaina sacrifice bunt, and then scored when Jackie Brandt hit a sacrifice fly.
Final playing years.
In 1965, Orsino started 60 games for the Orioles, batting .233, with nine home runs in 232 at bats, with Brown and Lau starting the majority of games at catcher. He started the season well, but he developed problems with his throwing arm, and he could not make the throws required of him as a catcher. 
In October 1965, the Orioles traded him to the Senators for Woodie Held. Orsino was injured again in 1966, suffering an elbow injury that required surgery. He tried coming back but was placed on the disabled list multiple times. He played in only 14 games for the Senators that year. He had surgery to remove a cyst from his elbow after the season ended. He would only play one more game for the Senators (1967), that would be his last in major league baseball.
With his ongoing elbow troubles, Orsino was assigned to the Senators Triple-A affiliate the Hawaii Islanders in 1967, but only played in 16 games. Treating doctors could not determine the cause of his problems, and he described his inability to throw as "like living in hell". In 1968, he played a total of 95 games combined for the Senators Double-A and Triple-A minor league teams, hitting .278 with 10 home runs. 
His contract rights were sold to the New York Yankees in January 1969, and he played 32 games for the Yankees Triple-A affiliate Syracuse Chiefs, before being traded to the Cleveland Indians on June 12 for Rob Gardner. His finished his professional career with the Triple-A Portland Beavers. Overall in 1969 playing Triple-A baseball, he again hit .278 with 10 home runs to end his professional baseball playing career.
Orsino's career major league totals for 332 games include 252 hits, 40 home runs, 123 runs batted in, 114 runs scored, a .249 batting average, and a slugging percentage of .420. Orsino hit a combined .324 (22-for-68) against All-Star pitchers Jim Bouton, Harvey Haddix, Tommy John, Gary Peters and Stan Williams, and a combined .323 (10-for-31) against Hall of Fame pitchers Jim Bunning and Whitey Ford.
Baseball coaching.
After his career ended, Orsino moved back to Fort Lee. He became the baseball coach at Fairleigh Dickinson University (FDU) from 1970 to 1976 and again in 1980. He had a 119–91 record during his first stint at FDU, and led the team to its first appearance in the NCAA tournament. 
Orsino left FDU to become a minor league manager in the Cleveland Indians farm system. He was originally hired to manage the Williamsport Tomahawks, but that team ceased to exist after the 1976 season, and Orsino instead became manager of the Double-A Jersey City Indians of the Eastern League. In 1978, he managed the Double-A Cleveland affiliate in the Southern League, the Chattanooga Loukouts. He rejoined FDU as coach in 1980, but resigned after one year to give his attention to other business commitments.
Personal life and post-retirement.
As his injury problems worsened during his career, Orsino realized he might have to prematurely retire, and began taking classes at Fairleigh Dickinson University (FDU) to prepare for his future, where he was studying to become a teacher.
He went on to coach Florida Atlantic University's men's golf team in 2004-2006. He had two children from his first marriage, Jeryl, a fitness professional, and John (Jay) Orsino, a golf pro, and three grandchildren. Charlie, Wyatt and Oliver Orsino.
Death.
John Orsino died on November 1, 2016, in Sunny Isles Beach, Florida, at age 78.
External links.
, or Retrosheet

</doc>
<doc id="7052966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052966" title="Jeb Hensarling">
Jeb Hensarling

Thomas Jeb Hensarling (born May 29, 1957) is an American politician who served as the U.S. representative for Texas's 5th congressional district from 2003 to 2019. A member of the Republican Party, he chaired the House Republican Conference from 2011 to 2013 and House Financial Services Committee from 2013 until 2019. The Los Angeles Times described Hensarling, "a fervent believer in free market ideology" and that he was "a pivotal player in the GOP effort to reduce financial regulation in the Trump Era". The Wall Street Journal called him "a driver of economic policy in the house". Hensarling has close ties to Wall Street, having received campaign donations from every major Wall Street bank as well as various payday lenders.
On October 31, 2017, Hensarling announced that he would not seek reelection in 2018. In 2019, he revealed he was joining UBS Group AG as executive vice chairman for the Americas region. In 2023, he stepped down from that position.
Early life.
Hensarling was born in Stephenville, the seat of government of Erath County in Central Texas; he was reared on the family farm in College Station. Jeb Hensarling has one brother, James Andrew Hensarling (born 1954) now deceased, and a sister, Carolyn Hensarling Arizpe. He is an Episcopalian.
Like his late father, Jeb Hensarling graduated from Texas A&amp;M University; he received a bachelor's degree in economics in 1979. In 1982, he earned a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Texas School of Law at Austin.
Political career.
Prior to serving in Congress, Hensarling was State Director for Texas Senator Phil Gramm from 1985 until 1989. He also managed Gramm's re-election campaign in 1990. From 1991 to 1993, he served as executive director of the Republican Senatorial Committee.
Hensarling next served as a vice president at two companies before becoming owner of San Jacinto Ventures in 1996 and CEO of Family Support Assurance Corporation in 2001. He served as vice president of Green Mountain Energy from 1999 to 2001.
Hensarling was elected to his first term in 2002, defeating Democratic opponent Ron Chapman with 58 percent of the vote. He was reelected in 2004 with 64 percent of the vote over Democratic challenger Bill Bernstein. In 2006, he was reelected with 62% of the votes over Charlie Thompson (D) with 36%, and in 2008 with 84% against Ken Ashby (L) with 16%. In 2010, Hensarling was reelected with 71% of the votes, in 2012 with 64% and in 2014 with 85%. In 2016 Hensarling gained a total of 80% of the votes and defeated Ken Ashby, who had received 20% of the votes.
A December 31, 2005, article in "National Review" profiled his work as the country's "budget nanny", saying that he replaced his mentor, former Senator Phil Gramm, in this role. Hensarling's proposed legislation was said to be intended to force Congress to "decide how much money they can afford to spend, and then prioritize within those limits." The article said that "the chief problem with any proposal to reform the budget process is that it excites almost nobody."
Hensarling was elected chairman of the Republican Study Committee following the 2006 congressional elections, defeating Todd Tiahrt.
From 2011 to 2013, Hensarling was chairman of the House Republican Conference. He served on the Congressional Oversight Panel of the Troubled Asset Relief Program, the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform. Hensarling was also co-chair of the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction.
After the 2012 election, Hensarling was elected as chairman of the House Committee on Financial Services, succeeding Rep. Spencer Bachus (R-Ala.).
After the election of Donald Trump as president, Hensarling met with him in Trump Tower and was considered for Secretary of the Treasury. Eventually, Steven Mnuchin was given the position. Later Hensarling became one of the earliest and most vocal critics of the Trump administration's trade policies.
Legislation.
Hensarling shepherded over 80 bills into law during his three terms as chairmen. These included the Economic Growth Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act which rewrote numerous provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the bipartisan JOBS 2.0 legislation which facilitated capital formation for start ups and early growth companies. His committee also passed the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 which provided major reforms to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CIFIUS), the government agency responsible for reviewing pending foreign investment for national security implications.
Hensarling opposed the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2013 (H.R. 3370; 113th Congress), a bill that would delay some of the reforms to the National Flood Insurance Program. Hensarling criticized the bill, saying the bill would "postpone actuarially sound rates for perhaps a generation ... (and) kill off a key element of risk-based pricing permanently, which is necessary if we are to ever transition to market competition." Hensarling criticized the National Flood Insurance Programs for regularly underestimating flood risk. Hensarling is an opponent of the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Voting record.
During his Congressional tenure, Hensarling maintained a conservative voting record as evidenced by his 97% lifetime rating from the American Conservative Union.
Hensarling served on the House Committee on the Budget and chaired the House Committee on Financial Services. Hensarling was co-author of a constitutional amendment (known as the Spending Limit Amendment) that would prohibit federal spending from growing faster than the economy. Hensarling campaigned for Congress to enact a one-year moratorium on all Congressional earmarks, saying that the process needs to be overhauled. In 2007, he introduced the Taxpayer Bill of Rights. He also co-authored the Taxpayer Choice Act.
A vocal critic of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), he received $210,500 from the payday lending industry (directly and through his political action committee) during the 2013-2014 election cycle, according to a report from the nonprofit Americans for Financial Reform.
2008.
In January 2008, Hensarling was co-author of the Economic Growth Act of 2008.
In May 2008, Hensarling campaigned for the Republican party leadership in the House to agree to a special session to give lawmakers to air their views on a new policy platform and share ideas on how to define themselves to better advantage going into the 2008 election. 
2010.
On January 29, 2010, during President Barack Obama's meeting with House Republicans, Hensarling challenged Obama's position on the budget, asserting that the Obama White House was increasing the national deficit at the same rate per month that the previous President had increased it per year. President Obama responded with the following: "the whole question was structured as a talking point for running a campaign. ... [t]he fact of the matter is that when we came into office, the deficit was $1.3 trillion. So when you say that suddenly I've got a monthly budget that is higher than the annual – or a monthly deficit that's higher than the annual deficit left by Republicans, that's factually just not true, and you know it's not true." The Congressional Budget Office issued a projection in January 2009, before Obama took office, that the budget deficit would reach $1.2 trillion that year.
Financial bailout.
In September 2008, Hensarling led House Republican efforts to oppose Secretary Henry Paulson and Chairman Ben Bernanke's $700 billion financial bailout, and urged caution before Congress rushed to approve the plan. After voting against the bill, Hensarling said,
Following September 29 House vote, the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 777 points in a single day, its largest single-day point drop ever. The House subsequently passed the bill in a second vote on October 3.
On November 19, 2008, Hensarling was appointed by United States House of Representatives Minority Leader John Boehner to serve on the five-member Congressional Oversight Panel created to oversee the implementation of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act. He was the lone dissenting member on the "Accountability for the Troubled Asset Relief Program" report issued by the panel on January 9, 2009.
House leadership.
In 2008, Hensarling was mentioned as a possible candidate for Republican Conference Chairman, then the number three position in the House Republican leadership. However, Hensarling instead endorsed former Republican Study Committee Chairman Mike Pence, a longtime friend and ally. After the 2010 elections, Pence stepped down from the House to run for Governor of Indiana. Hensarling succeeded Pence as Conference Chairman, becoming the fourth-ranking Republican, as the Republican Party had won control of the House of Representatives in 2010. Hensarling stepped down from leadership after the 2012 elections to become Chairman of the House Financial Services Committee.
Prior to Eric Cantor's primary defeat, Hensarling was mentioned as a potential rival to Cantor to succeed John Boehner as leader of the House Republicans.

</doc>
<doc id="7052969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052969" title="...Meanwhile">
...Meanwhile

...Meanwhile is the tenth studio album by the English rock band 10cc, released in 1992. It was the band's first in nine years and marked the brief comeback of the original 10cc members Kevin Godley and Lol Creme.
Background to recording.
The background to reuniting the original 10cc members was the success of the 1987 compilation album "Changing Faces – The Very Best of 10cc and Godley &amp; Creme": 
Initially, the project looked promising with Stewart and Gouldman entering the studio with a stockpile of 22 songs: 
At the request of the band's label, Polydor, 10cc became involved with the producer Gary Katz who was known for his strong association with Steely Dan, a band with which 10cc was often compared. Their relationship did not work out in terms of production and the use of session musicians for which both Gouldman and Stewart expressed their regrets:
 
The album also did not capture the actual reunion of 10cc: Godley performed lead vocals on "The Stars Didn't Show" and backing vocals on two songs, while Lol Creme supplied backing vocals on six songs. Neither contributed to the recording process of the album.
In a 2006 interview, Godley recalled the tension in the studio as he participated in the recording of the album:
Both Gouldman and Stewart point to the experience of making "...Meanwhile" as the beginning of the end of their partnership and 10cc.
The album was recorded across five studios: Bearsville Studios in Woodstock, New York, The Hit Factory, New York, River Sound Studios, New York, Bill Schnee Studio, Los Angeles and Village Recorders, Los Angeles.
Apart from Godley's vocals on "The Stars Didn't Show" and a B-side "Don't" with Gouldman singing lead, all of the album's lead vocals were sung by Stewart. Session musicians Jeff Porcaro and Freddie Washington, who were hired by Katz, were on all tracks on drums and bass guitar respectively. Notable appearances on the album include Andrew Gold, who had collaborated with 10cc and Gouldman in the past, and the blues pianist Dr. John. The album's closing song, "Don't Break the Promises", was co-written by Stewart and Paul McCartney during the sessions for McCartney's sixth solo studio album "Press to Play" (1986) and was later finished by 10cc for the album.
The album's liner notes included the line: "In memory of Hyme "The Rhyme" Gouldman (1908–1991)". Gouldman, an amateur playwright, was the father of Graham Gouldman.
The cover art was designed by Laurence Dunmore with photography supplied by the Prefecture de Police, Paris.
Release and reception.
By the time the album was completed and ready to release there had been changes at Polydor and the new regime did not believe it would be a hit, and spent very little to promote it. In a hospital radio interview in 1993, Gouldman said, "Polydor spent £750,000 to make it and £7,500 to promote it."
The album narrowly missed the Top 75 album chart in the UK (though it made No.66 in the Network chart – an alternative to the official chart). Two singles were released from the album. The first was "Woman in Love" backed with the non-album track "Man with a Mission". The single included the album version of the track rather than the single edit that was issued to radio. It reached No.110 in the UK singles chart selling less than 2,000 copies. The second single, "Welcome to Paradise", a favourite of both Stewart and Gouldman, followed and included the album version of the title track, with two further non-album tracks, "Don't" and "Lost in Love". 
Stewart and Gouldman said that there were additional songs planned as singles from "...Meanwhile". Gouldman was interviewed by Mark Wardle on Tarka Radio – a hospital radio station – in 1993 and said that "Don't Break the Promises" would have been the third single, and then "The Stars Didn't Show" and "Wonderland" as fourth and fifth possible singles. Due to the lack of success of the first two singles, these were cancelled. The album was not released in the US.
Later that year, Polydor, which the band had signed a five-album deal with, did not take up its option and dropped the band.
The album was reissued in 2008 with single edits and B-sides as bonus tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="7052970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052970" title="Only Hits (The Ventures album)">
Only Hits (The Ventures album)

Only Hits is an album by The Ventures. It was released as a double LP in 1973. It was also released in Quadraphonic sound on a double 8-track tape set.

</doc>
<doc id="7052971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052971" title="Waleed Aly">
Waleed Aly

Waleed Aly (born 15 August 1978) is an Australian television presenter, journalist, academic, and lawyer.
Aly is a lecturer in politics at Monash University working in their Global Terrorism Research Centre, and was also a co-host of Network 10's news and current affairs television program "The Project". He also writes for Fairfax Media, co-hosts "The Minefield", an ABC RN program about ethical dilemmas of modern life, and is lead guitarist in rock band Robot Child.
In 2016, he won the Gold Logie Award for Best Personality on Australian Television.
Early life and education.
Aly was born on 15 August 1978 in Melbourne, Victoria, to Egyptian parents. He is a Sunni Muslim.
He attended Wesley College, completing the International Baccalaureate in 1996. He then studied at the University of Melbourne, graduating with Bachelor of Engineering (Chemical) and Bachelor of Laws (with honours) degrees in 2002.
In May 2017 Aly was awarded a PhD, for his thesis on global terrorism titled "Towards a structuration theory of global terrorism".
Legal and academic career.
After graduating, Aly worked as an associate to Family Court judge Joseph Kay and, until, 2007 worked as a solicitor in Melbourne for Maddocks Lawyers. In 2006, he was a "pro bono" lawyer with the Human Rights Law Centre, on secondment from Maddocks.
In 2007 Aly published "People Like Us: How arrogance is dividing Islam and the West".
In 2008, he was selected to participate in the Australia 2020 Summit, a bipartisan convention held in Canberra to "help shape a long-term strategy for the nation's future".
Aly is a staff member of the Global Terrorism Research Centre at Monash University. He has said that most of the conflicts in the Middle East can be traced to the arbitrary way in which its territories were divided-up by Western powers by the ongoing demand for Middle Eastern oil and more recently by factors such as the 2003 invasion of Iraq. After the Boston Marathon bombing, describing terrorism as a "perpetual irritant", he said it is encouraging that we are finally maturing in the way we handle terrorism.
Media.
During his time as head of public affairs for the Islamic Council of Victoria, and a member of its executive committee, Aly was regularly interviewed on current affairs and news programs. His social and political commentary has appeared in newspapers including "The Guardian", "The Australian", "The Australian Financial Review", "The Sydney Morning Herald" and "The Age". In searching for reasons behind the suicide attacks in central London on 7 July 2005, Aly reminded readers of the Quranic passage, "Do not let the injustice of others lead you into injustice."
Aly was the host of ABC TV's "Big Ideas" program on ABC1 and ABC News 24. He has been a regular guest co-host on "The Conversation Hour" with Jon Faine on 774 ABC Melbourne and "The Project" on Channel 10 and also was a regular panel member and producer on "Salam Cafe", a weekly program presented by young members of Melbourne's Muslim community and produced by RMITV first for C31 Melbourne and later for SBS. He has also appeared as a panellist on ABC TV's "Q&amp;A" program, and has been an occasional co-host on the ABC's "News Breakfast".
He was the inaugural host of "RN Drive" on ABC Radio National (RN) in January 2012. In December 2014, Aly resigned from the ABC in order to become the permanent co-host of Channel Ten's "The Project", starting on 26 January 2015. He returned to ABC RN in April 2015 to co-host "The Minefield" with Scott Stephens, in addition to his role on "The Project" for Channel Ten.
In November 2015, Aly criticised the extremist group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in a four-minute monologue titled "What ISIL wants" on "The Project" in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks, labelling them as "bastards" and calling for no one to fear them, because "they are weak". The video, written by Aly and producer Tom Whitty, was posted online and received 13 million views within a day.
, Aly continues to co-host "The Minefield", along with religion and ethics commentator Scott Stephens and an expert studio guest each week, and continues his role on "The Project". He also writes for "The Sydney Morning Herald".
In June 2025, "The Project" was cancelled by Network 10, with Aly subsequently leaving the network.
Recognition and awards.
At the 2005 Walkley Awards, Aly was commended in the category of Commentary, Analysis, Opinion and Critique.
In 2015, Aly and producer Tom Whitty were finalists for two Our Watch Awards (administered by the Walkley Foundation) for exemplary reporting to end violence against women, for their viral editorial, "Show Me The Money (Domestic Violence Funding)". The pair were also nominated for (and won) a United Nations Association of Australia Media Peace Award for Promotion of Climate Change Issues, with their "Renewable Energy Target" monologue. Aly and Whitty finished the year with a Walkley nomination for Excellence in Journalism in the All Media Commentary, Analysis, Opinion and Critique category, for a series of editorials including Show Me The Money, Renewable Energy Target, and Negative Gearing.
In May 2016, Aly won the Gold Logie Award for Best Personality on Australian Television, chosen by the public through an online vote.
In May 2016 Aly was Liberty Victoria's winner of the Voltaire Award for free speech. Writing in "The Australian", Paul Monk has said, "In accepting his Voltaire Award, Aly needs to step up and champion freedom of speech in the Muslim world and freedom to criticise Islam itself, including the Prophet – as Voltaire himself did".
In June 2016, the Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull hosted the first Iftar dinner, at Kirribilli House for Muslim community leaders. Aly and his wife, described as the "power couple", were seated at Table No. 1, next to the Prime Minister.
In August 2016, Aly and producer Tom Whitty were again finalists for two Our Watch Awards for exemplary reporting to end violence against women, for their viral editorial, "Click Something Else". In September, the pair were also again nominated for (and won) a United Nations Association of Australia (UNAA) Media Peace Award for Social Cohesion, with their "Send Forgiveness Viral" monologue. In October, Aly and Whitty received two Walkley nominations for Excellence in Journalism. First in the Television/Audio-Visual News Reporting category, for Milked Dry, their viral editorial on Australia's dairy pricing crisis, and in the Commentary, Analysis, Opinion and Critique category, for a series of editorials: "Click Something Else", "Milked Dry", and "ISIL is Weak".
Music.
Aly is the lead guitarist and principal songwriter for the Melbourne-based rock band Robot Child. The band contributed a track to the Jesuit Social Services' "Just Music" album, performing at the Famous Spiegeltent for its release. They were also widely praised for their cover of Pink Floyd's "Comfortably Numb" at the 2015 Walkley Awards.
Aly is a featured artist on "Surah Maryam" the 2021 "Paul Kelly's Christmas Train" album.
Personal life.
Aly lives in Melbourne and is married to Australian feminist author and academic Susan Carland, and they have two children. Carland converted to Islam aged 19 and holds a PhD from Monash University.

</doc>
<doc id="7052986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052986" title="Ei Niš">
Ei Niš

Ei Niš (full legal name: Holding-Korporacija Elektronska industrija a.d. Niš) or Electronics Industry Niš, is a holding company with headquarters in Niš, Serbia. The company has operated from 1948 until it declared bankruptcy in 2016.
History.
It originated in 1948 from the foundation of the Institute for the Production of Radio Sets and X-ray Machines, "RR Niš." In the 1970s and 1980s it was one of the greatest Yugoslavian companies employing over 10 thousand people. However, during the 1990s most of the company business collapsed, due to the war in Yugoslavia, lack of investing in research and sanctions the country was facing.
During the 2000s, the company manufactured acoustic equipment, electronic tubes including cathode-ray tubes, printed plates, electronic machine elements, hydraulics, pneumatics, appliances, air-conditioners, medical equipment, roentgen machines, TV sets, radio receivers, and semiconductors. It was one of the few remaining makers of electronic vacuum tubes.
In 2016, after decades of insolvency, it declared bankruptcy before regional Business Court.
Elektronska Industrija Niš works in partnership with other European companies, such as Alcatel (telephony), Honeywell, Bull, Silicon graphics (computers), Sagem, Siemens, Hellige, or even ITT or Philips.
Operations.
The most successful period of business was from 1965 to 1980. At that time, EI had plants in Nis, Belgrade, Svrljig, Žitoraža, Aleksinac, Đevđelia (Macedonia), Serbia (Croatia), about 50 factories with 28,000 workers and an annual gross product of about 700 million dollars. At that time, the electronic industry had a large range of consumer products for domestic needs, the military and export. Appliances and devices were produced in large series: radios, loudspeakers, amplifiers, sound systems, computers, electric meters, washing machines, dishwashers, ordinary irons, televisions, telephones, telephone exchanges, HF devices, radio stations, railway signaling, traffic lights and accompanying equipment, special purpose devices for the needs of the army and militia, printed electronic circuits, industrial electronics, auto electronics, X-ray devices, medical devices, color cathode ray tubes, electronic tubes, air conditioners, cardboard packaging, plastic goods, ferromagnetic materials, resistors, capacitors, mechanical parts of devices, semiconductor elements.
Ei had spread plants into all Yugoslav republics and managed to develop full production process, most of all, semiconductor production.
The subsidiaries that have operated within the holding company Ei under various names and in various organizational forms are:
Sponsorships.
Ei agreed with local club FK Radnički Niš on sponsorship deal during 80s. The club peaked in the early 80s when it reached the UEFA Cup semifinals after already being near very top in the Yugoslav league for few year.
Products.
Ei managed to develop full spectrum of electronics production, but it was mostly know in the market by loudspeakers, amplifiers, sound systems, computers, electric meters, washing machines, dishwashers, ordinary irons, televisions, telephones, telephone exchanges. 
EI products included the computers Pecom 32, Pecom 64, as well as the Lira series, starting with the Lira 512. 

</doc>
<doc id="7052996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052996" title="Kenwood, Minneapolis">
Kenwood, Minneapolis

 
Kenwood is a neighborhood within the Calhoun-Isles community in Minneapolis along Lake of the Isles and Cedar Lake. The neighborhood is one of the most affluent in the city along with the nearby Lowry Hill neighborhood. The Kenwood neighborhood's most notable feature is the many historic mansions along the parkways overlooking the lake and the downtown skyline.
The neighborhood was established in the late 1880s, when a rail line running along Cedar Lake to the west of the neighborhood provided increased access.
Its boundaries are Cedar Lake Parkway to the west, Kenwood Parkway to the north, West Lake of the Isles Parkway to the east, and Kenilworth Place to the south. It is in Ward 7, represented by council member Katie Cashman.

</doc>
<doc id="7052997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7052997" title="Folding @Home">
Folding @Home



</doc>
<doc id="7053005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053005" title="State Route 168 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 168 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7053006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053006" title="State Route 169 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 169 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7053007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053007" title="State Route 171 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 171 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="7053021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053021" title="Four Nations">
Four Nations

Four Nations may refer to the following articles:
Sport.
Events named the Four Nations or Four Nations Tournament:

</doc>
<doc id="7053023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053023" title="Percival Willoughby">
Percival Willoughby

Sir Percival Willoughby (died 23 August 1643) of Wollaton Hall, Nottinghamshire was a prominent land owner, businessman, and entrepreneur involved during his lifetime variously in mining, iron smelting, and glass making enterprises in Nottinghamshire. He was also an important investor in the Newfoundland Company.
He was the eldest son of Thomas Willoughby of Bore Place, Chiddingstone, Kent and educated at Furnival's Inn and Lincoln's Inn (1579). He married Bridget Willoughby, his second cousin, the daughter of Sir Francis Willoughby, builder of Wollaton Hall. She, as co-heiress of her father, inherited Wollaton Hall. Sir Percival sold all the lands he had inherited from his father in Kent to pay off some of the enormous debts the construction of the Hall had entailed. Sir Percival and his wife Lady Bridget eventually occupied the new building but in later generations it was never the principal home of the Willoughby family. Middleton Hall in Warwickshire was the family's usual residence.
Willoughby was knighted by King James I on 20 April 1603 at Worksop. On 21 June he hosted Anne of Denmark and her children Prince Henry and Princess Elizabeth at Wollaton Hall. Shortly afterwards was returned as member of Parliament for Nottinghamshire and Tamworth in King James' first parliament, choosing to sit for Nottinghamshire. He was returned again and sat for Tamworth in 1614.
Percival Willoughby's business partner, Huntingdon Beaumont, was responsible for constructing the Wollaton Wagonway.
Newfoundland.
Willoughby was drawn into the Newfoundland Company venture by John Slany, to whom he was heavily in debt. Appointed to the council which managed the company's affairs in 1610, he sent his third son Thomas to Cuper's Cove in 1612 along with Henry Crout and six apprentices. 
The orders to the party were to leave the colony and develop Willoughby's own tract which was all that land north of a line drawn between Carbonear and Heart's Content on the Bay de Verde Peninsula. This also included the rich fishing grounds around Baccalieu Island. Bartholomew Pearson and a surveyor named Olney had made the trip to Newfoundland to access its mineral and agricultural potential. Willoughby's main interest lay in the mining potential of Bell Island and was very critical of his party's lack of exploration on the island upon their return to England.
Willoughby's partnership in 1618 with Thomas Rowley and William Hannam to give them half of his tract for a nominal fee had turned sour. Willoughby's entitlement to the land was becoming increasingly harder to maintain as he could not find anyone to settle on it. Then in 1631 he entered into a partnership with Nicholas Guy, who at the time was living in Carbonear.
His grandson was Francis Willughby of Wollaton, father of Cassandra, Duchess of Chandos.

</doc>
<doc id="7053032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053032" title="Edward William Watkin">
Edward William Watkin



</doc>
<doc id="7053044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053044" title="Questionable Content (webcomic)">
Questionable Content (webcomic)



</doc>
<doc id="7053061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053061" title="Michele Bardsley">
Michele Bardsley

Michele Bardsley is the pen name of Michele Freeman (born Michele Renee Vail on January 21, 1970, in Tulsa, Oklahoma) who is an American writer of paranormal and contemporary romantic fiction. Bardsley is a New York Times and USA Today bestselling author and has published more than 40 novels, novellas, short stories, and articles since the publication of her first book in 1999. She has written young adult paranormal fiction under Michele Vail. She lives in Texas with her husband, four dogs, and two cats.
Biography.
Bardsley received her first publishing contract in 1998 from pioneer electronic publisher, Hard Shell Word Factory, for her romantic comedy, "Daddy In Training" (out-of-print). She's had numerous short stories, novellas, and novels published by electronic, independent, and traditional publishers. Her novel, "Because Your Vampire Said So" (Signet Eclipse, 2008), received the 2008 RT Reviewer's Choice Award for Best Vampire Romance.
Over the years, her work has earned awards and recognition from many organizations and publications. A few include: “A Mother Scorned” won the Grand Prize in the 72nd Annual "Writer’s Digest" Writing Competition; "Love Gone Wild" (formerly published as "Wild Women)" received OWFI's coveted trophy award for Best Book of Fiction and FWA's Royal Palm Award for Best Romance Novel; and "A Demon is a Girl’s Best Friend" was awarded Crème de la Crème from the Oklahoma Writer's Federation, Inc. Bardsley's poetry, nonfiction, and short-short fiction have received awards and recognition from "Northwoods Journal", Tulsa Community College, "Byline Magazine", "Scribe &amp; Quill", Oklahoma State University, Amazing Instant Novelist, OWFI, Writer's Bloc, "Writer's Digest", and WriteLink.

</doc>
<doc id="7053071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053071" title="Deborah Lewis">
Deborah Lewis



</doc>
<doc id="7053074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053074" title="Marvel age">
Marvel age



</doc>
<doc id="7053084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053084" title="International Inline Skater Hockey Federation">
International Inline Skater Hockey Federation



</doc>
<doc id="7053090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053090" title="Deal or No Deal (Norway)">
Deal or No Deal (Norway)



</doc>
<doc id="7053094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053094" title="Fletcher Place">
Fletcher Place

Fletcher Place is a historic district and neighborhood in the city of Indianapolis, Indiana named after Calvin Fletcher, a prominent local banker, farmer and state senator.
The neighborhood is clearly defined by I-70/I-65 to the south and East Street to the west. The northern border of the neighborhood is along South Street, Lord Street, Fletcher Avenue, and Bates Street, depending on specific location. The eastern border of the neighborhood is Virginia Avenue in some places, while it is I-65 in a few spots, and Calvary Street in a few areas.
Fletcher Place is surrounded by the Wholesale District to the north, Eli Lilly and Company to the west, Bates-Hendricks neighborhood to the south, and Fountain Square to the east and southeast.
Fletcher Place is the home to a few of Indianapolis' keynote restaurants: Milktooth, Bluebeard, Iaria's Italian, Bosphorus Istanbul Cafe, and Dugout Bar. Additionally, Eli Lilly and Company and Anthem have their world headquarters bordering Fletcher Place, making it a magnet neighborhood for Indianapolis' health-care industry professionals.
Fletcher Place Historic District.
The Fletcher Place Historic District is a national historic district in the neighborhood that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982. In 1982, it included 140 contributing buildings that were deemed to contribute to the historic character of the area. It developed between about 1855 and 1924, and includes representative examples of Italianate, Gothic Revival, and Queen Anne style architecture. Notable buildings include the Briggs Flats (1893), The Lavon Building (c. 1885–1890), Ada Apartments (c. 1900–1910), Fletcher Place Methodist Church, school building (1857 and later), and a gasoline station (1919).

</doc>
<doc id="7053102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053102" title="Handlers (Dune)">
Handlers (Dune)



</doc>
<doc id="7053112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053112" title="Allegheny Health Network">
Allegheny Health Network

Allegheny Health Network (AHN), based in Pittsburgh, is a non-profit, 14-hospital academic medical system with facilities located in Western Pennsylvania and one hospital in Western New York. AHN was formed in 2013 when Highmark Inc., a Pennsylvania-based Blue Cross Blue Shield insurance carrier, purchased the assets of the West Penn Allegheny Health System (WPAHS) and added three more hospitals to its provider division. Allegheny Health Network was formed to act as the parent company to the WPAHS hospitals and its affiliate hospitals. Highmark Health today serves as the ultimate parent of AHN.
Today, AHN consists of an academic hospital and transplant center (Allegheny General Hospital in Pittsburgh, the network's flagship), five tertiary-care hospitals, four community hospitals, and four "neighborhood hospitals." The network cares for patients from western Pennsylvania and the adjacent regions of Ohio, West Virginia, New York and Maryland at more than 250 clinical locations, including six “Health + Wellness Pavilions,” cancer clinics, surgical centers, outpatient clinics, and primary care locations.
The system includes the AHN Research Institute, the Allegheny Clinic, a home health and infusion company, a group-purchasing organization, LifeFlight, and the STAR Center, which provides simulation training for medical, nursing, and other health care professionals. The network operates two nursing schools, and serves as a clinical campus for the medical schools of Duquesne University, Drexel University and Lake Erie College of Osteopathic Medicine. AHN also operates one of the nation's largest graduate medical education programs, and its teaching hospitals annually train about 500 medical residents and fellows in 48 accredited programs and specialties.
As of 2023, AHN employs approximately 22,000 people, with over 2,600 employed and affiliated physicians, plus 2,000 volunteers. In 2022, AHN's facilities admitted and / or observed 120,000 patients, logged 340,000 emergency room visits, recorded 3.6 million physician visits, and delivered 8,600 babies.
Facilities.
AHN Wexford Hospital.
AHN Wexford is a 160-bed, $313 million, 345,000-square-foot hospital built along Route 19, north of Pittsburgh. Opened in the fall of 2021, AHN Wexford is the network's newest full-service hospital, and includes a 24-bed emergency department, operating rooms with minimally invasive robotic surgery capabilities; a cardiac catheterization lab and hybrid OR for advanced surgical procedures; a short-stay observation unit; an adult intensive care unit; and comprehensive women's and infants' care.
The women's unit includes the only labor and delivery unit based in northern Allegheny County, as well as high-risk obstetrical services and a Level II neonatal intensive care unit. In 2023, the hospital expanded its pediatric capabilities to include inpatient pediatric care.
Allegheny General Hospital.
Now the academic flagship of Allegheny Health Network, Allegheny General Hospital (AGH) began as a 50-bed infirmary, housed in two adjoining brick rowhouses in what was then Allegheny City, immediately north of Pittsburgh. While Pittsburgh itself had already established several hospitals, including West Penn Hospital, by the 1870s, Allegheny City needed one of its own to accommodate its burgeoning population and to care for the victims of fires, floods and disease outbreaks that often swept over the Ohio River's northern bank. Starting in 1881, the mayor of Allegheny City began meeting with a committee of physicians and prominent residents of Allegheny City, to discuss the construction of, and fund-raising for, a new North Side hospital. Three years later, the committee bought two adjacent properties along Stockton Avenue, near the modern-day Nova Place.
The hospital was officially chartered in 1882 and on Feb. 15, 1886, the forerunner to Allegheny General Hospital opened its doors. In 1887, the hospital established a children's wing, and in 1889, an ambulance was donated to the hospital; AGH would operate its own ambulance service for the next 64 years. A hospital annex was opened in June 1892, giving AGH additional surgical space. At the turn of the century, the hospital's directors began collecting funds for a new AGH, to be built just a block away, also along Stockton Avenue. The seven-story, 400-bed facility cost $620,000, and opened in 1904. The new space included more modern laboratory facilities: separate rooms for urinalysis, blood work, bacteriology, and autopsies. Within the decade, the hospital's board president, Dr. Maitland Alexander, convinced the kin of steel magnate William H. Singer to build a new, three-story research laboratory behind the hospital, which opened in 1916 and would later be known as the Singer Research Institute (now called the AHN Research Institute). Like many hospitals of that era, AGH distinguished itself during wartime; AGH was among the first medical institutions in the country to offer its services to the U.S. Department of War during WWI, and in 1918, the AGH Red Cross Unit made its way from Pittsburgh to Bourbonne-les-Bains, France, where a complement of AGH employees manned a French military hospital.
Back home, Allegheny City and Pittsburgh continued to grow, and with the Stocktown Avenue AGH hemmed in by railroad tracks, the hospital board again looked for a location to build a new hospital. They found one 2,000 feet to the north. New York architecture firm York and Sawyer was hired to draw plans for what would be one of the nation's first “skyscraper” hospitals, and by 1929, construction was underway. The cornerstone was laid in 1930, and the plastering was almost finished by 1931. The Great Depression interrupted construction, but the U.S. Public Works Administration loaned AGH the $2 million that it needed to complete the project, and on June 24, 1936, the third iteration of Allegheny General Hospital was formally dedicated. The 22-story, $8 million hospital had 1,300 separate rooms, including 162 private patient rooms. Built in the Lombard architectural style, the cream-brick tower was an instant landmark structure, visible for miles; the high rise is now designated a Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation historic landmark. The new hospital featured multiple kitchens, a pediatric wing, maternity wards, an x-ray department and a cardiology department; pneumatic tubes, call boxes and a state-of-the-art phone system helped hospital employees communicate.
In the decades that followed World War II, the hospital continued to expand and build, adding a new East Wing, and in 1981, a new inpatient tower, the $104 million Snyder Pavilion. AGH also continued to push the boundaries of medicine and research in those decades, particularly in the areas of thoracic surgery, shock trauma care, cancer treatment, orthopaedic surgery, organ transplants and, most notably, open-heart surgery. Built on the foundation laid by world renowned surgical pioneer George Magovern, by 1998, AGH was performing more than 1,500 open-heart procedures annually, the largest volume of any hospital in the state, serving patients from across the country and around the world. Today, Allegheny General is a 552-bed quaternary care and educational hospital, and it is AHN's highest-volume hospital, seeing 24,000 inpatient admissions, 23,000 surgeries, and nearly 56,000 emergency department visits each year. Over the last five years, AGH has invested in a new orthopaedic center, a new cardiovascular intensive care unit, a new cardiac MRI center, new hybrid operating rooms, an ambulatory surgery center and some of the world's most technologically advanced surgical robots.
In 2020, a new academic cancer center opened on the AGH campus.
In the early 1980s, AGH's directors created a nonprofit holding company, called the Allegheny Health, Education and Research Foundation, to operate the hospital. That foundation ultimately collapsed in one of the nation's largest nonprofit bankruptcies (see AHERF).
AGH continues to own and operate AHN Suburban, a satellite campus in Bellevue, Pa., formerly known as Suburban General Hospital. Suburban General opened in Bellevue in 1904, and has been at its current South Jackson Avenue location since 1912. AHN's predecessor, West Penn Allegheny Health System, acquired the facility in 1994. In 2010, the hospital's inpatient units, surgical units, and emergency department closed, though the building continued to house administrative offices, an urgent care clinic, outpatient services, and a privately operated long-term care hospital. While AHN Suburban's urgent care clinic and outpatient clinics continue to operate, LifeCare Hospitals of Pittsburgh's nursing facility closed in June 2019. Today, the AHN Suburban location serves as an innovation hub and health technology business incubator.
Allegheny Valley Hospital.
Allegheny Valley Hospital (AVH) has served Natrona Heights, Pa., and the surrounding community for over 100 years. AVH has 188 licensed beds and provides emergency care, surgical care, rehabilitation care and other health care services for its patients. Like many of its Western Pennsylvania counterparts, Allegheny Valley Hospital was built to serve the region's flourishing industrial towns. By the late 1800s, industrial activity had reached the town of Tarentum, about 22 miles northeast of Pittsburgh and home to lumber and saw mills, steel mills, brick kilns, and several plate glass factories. Serious injuries were a daily occurrence, but without a hospital, many patients were sent by train to a hospital in Pittsburgh. In 1906 a committee of doctors and prominent area residents secured a charter for the establishment of what was then called the Allegheny Valley General Hospital. Under the leadership of Dr. George Getze, the committee leased a property along Tarentum's Second Avenue, and the hospital was open for business on Jan. 28, 1909.
It was a three-story home, with only 20 rooms available for patient visits and surgeries, and in 1910, the hospital was moved to its second location, a larger house along West Seventh Avenue, just downriver from the original home. This home, too, became quickly obsolete, and soon the hospital leaders agreed to buy a piece of land near the old Tarentum Fairground for $12,000.
The new 98-bed Natrona Heights hospital was dedicated on May 24, 1919. The three-story, brick and terra cotta structure remains standing today, at the center of what is now a much larger Allegheny Valley Hospital. In the century that has passed since the third AVH opened, the hospital has added to that original foundation, building a nurses wing in 1928, a north wing in 1943, a $2 million south wing in 1958, a laboratory in 1974, and a four-level, $26.5 million addition in 1983 that houses AVH's emergency department, radiology, and other units.
Today, AVH sees nearly 6,000 inpatient admissions and 40,000 emergency department visits, and performs 5,000 surgeries. In recent years, AVH had added new inpatient units, cardiac MRI and rehabilitation services, robotic surgery capabilities, and inpatient rehab services for patients who have sustained trauma or strokes. It primarily serves residents living in Northeastern Allegheny County, Westmoreland County, Armstrong County and Butler County.
For a decade in the early 2000s, AVH was formally known as the Alle-Kiski Medical Center. In 2011, the name reverted to Allegheny Valley Hospital. In 2000, AVH also affiliated with the nearby Citizens School of Nursing, which opened in 1913 and continues to educate nursing students today. In 2019, that nursing school moved to a new campus in Tarentum, in the Pittsburgh Mills mall.
AVH was an independent hospital through most of its history. In 1997, it was acquired by AHERF. Following the bankruptcy of AHERF, AVH became an affiliate of West Penn Allegheny Health System. After WPAHS was acquired by Highmark Inc., AVH became an affiliate of the new Allegheny Health Network in 2013.
Canonsburg Hospital.
Canonsburg Hospital is a community hospital located just outside Canonsburg, Pa. Canonsburg Hospital was formed 1904, when, according to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, “the Women's Shakespeare Club of Canonsburg solicited donations of ‘linens, supplies, a hen and brood of chickens and a generous supply of fruit’ for what turned out to be an ambitious if not unusual project for a literary club. ... [But], as history records, this Women's Shakespeare Club's project ended well and proved to be much ado about something pretty special: medical care. For what the Women's Shakespeare Club of Canonsburg started [was] Canonsburg General Hospital.”
The club raised $2,000 to help buy a house on Barr Street in Canonsburg, which served as the hospital for 10 years. They also formed the Canonsburg General Hospital Association to oversee the hospital's operations. The hospital opened at its original Barr Street location on Oct. 17, 1904, and the first patient was a woman who was “traveling with her husband in a horse and carriage from the village of Midland in Chartiers to Canonsburg when the berserk horse sent them flying.”
The following year, the hospital opened a nursing school, which remained in operation until 1960. In 1913, the hospital board agreed to construct a new hospital building, also on Barr Street, which grew to 54 beds by 1930. The “new” Barr Street hospital eventually named its dining room after Perry Como, the famous singer who born in Canonsburg in 1912.
By the late 1970s, Canonsburg Hospital had outgrown its red-brick Barr Street home, and in 1979 the hospital applied to the Pennsylvania Department of Health to build a new hospital. At the time in Pennsylvania, new hospital construction had to be approved by the state through a “certificate of need.” The application for a certificate of need was initially rejected by the state on the grounds that existing hospitals in the area had enough capacity to handle projected patient volume, but Canonsburg-area residents lobbied then-Pennsylvania Gov. Dick Thornburgh with “more than 5,000 letters [and] 2,000 mail-grams demanding the department approve the project.” In 1981, the Health Department issued a certificate of need, and a new hospital was built in North Strabane Township, just outside of Canonsburg borough. The new $15.8 million hospital opened May 14, 1983, on 31 acres; the former Barr Street hospital is now a personal care and retirement home.
In 2000, Canonsburg Hospital joined the former West Penn Allegheny Health System. In 2013, it became a part of Allegheny Health Network. The current 104-bed inpatient facility has undergone several expansions since its 1983 opening: In 1996, a new ambulatory care center was opened; in 2003, the physical therapy department was enlarged; in 2006, the emergency department was expanded to accommodate increased patient volume; and since its affiliation with AHN in 2013, the hospital has opened a sleep lab. The hospital primarily serves residents living in southern Allegheny and northern Washington counties. Canonsburg annually admits over 4,000 patients and logs approximately 21,000 emergency visits, and performs nearly 3,000 surgeries.
In 2023, AHN announced that it would be building a new Canonsburg Hospital, on the same North Strabane campus where the current hospital sits.
Forbes Hospital (AHN Forbes).
When Monroeville's first hospital opened its doors in 1978 to accommodate communities along the fast-developing U.S. Route 22 corridor, it was known as East Suburban Health Center, joining two other hospitals in the young Forbes Health System. That system was created in 1972 following the merger of Columbia Hospital in Wilkinsburg and Pittsburgh Hospital in East Liberty; both of those facilities still exist and are now privately owned rehabilitation hospitals.
Planning for a Monroeville hospital began in the 1960s, when two rival groups competed for the rights to build a new medical facility in eastern Allegheny County. East Suburban General Hospital group, aligned with West Penn Hospital, wanted to build along Mosside Boulevard. Forbes Health System wanted to build on a site next to the Parkway East. In 1973, those competing groups joined forces. Construction began in 1975. The merged group decided to keep the Forbes name, because all of the hospitals in the existing Forbes Health System – Pittsburgh Hospital, Columbia Hospital and the new Monroeville hospital – were along the old Forbes Road, a historic military path built in the 1700s from Carlisle to Pittsburgh.
The East Suburban Health Center opened in spring of 1978, with 257 beds, serving much of eastern Allegheny County and parts of Westmoreland and Armstrong Counties. In 1983, health system leaders changed the hospital's name to the Forbes Regional Health Center, and in 1996, the Forbes Health Care system entered into a merger with the Allegheny Health, Education and Research Foundation (AHERF), which was then the parent company of Allegheny General Hospital. Canonsburg Hospital and Allegheny Valley Hospital also became members of AHERF and its Pittsburgh area hospital-management arm, Allegheny University Medical Center. Following AHERF's collapse and bankruptcy filing, in 2000, Forbes Regional joined the newly created West Penn Allegheny Health System, and in 2013 became part of Allegheny Health Network.
Today, clinicians at Forbes provide access to obstetrics care, cardiovascular surgery, cancer care, neurosurgery, diabetes care, orthopaedic surgery, and many other advanced specialties. More than 700 physicians are on staff at the hospital, and each year Forbes delivers over a thousand babies and treats more than 40,000 patients in its emergency department. In recent years, Forbes has continued to invest significantly in its capabilities, adding state-of-the-art robotic surgical technology, opening an inpatient rehabilitation unit, expanding and upgrading its intensive care facilities, enhancing its labor and delivery services, and establishing has the region's first and only Level II Trauma Center. In 2015, Forbes became the first hospital within AHN to go live with a new fully integrated health records system, Epic; in 2017, Forbes broke ground on a perioperative center expansion, and in 2019 it opened a new free-standing cancer center.
Grove City Medical Center (AHN Grove City).
Grove City Medical Center, now AHN Grove City, was created in 1978, through the merger of two existing Grove City, Pa., hospitals – the former Grove City Hospital and the former Bashline Memorial Hospital. Both hospitals were founded in the early 1900s, and by the mid-1970s, neither one could fill its beds.
The two hospitals were separated by just a few blocks, but they practiced medicine somewhat differently: Grove City was staffed by allopathic physicians (MDs), while Bashline was staffed by osteopaths (DOs). Those living in Grove City were staunchly loyal to one or the other; at the time of the merger, longtime Grove City resident and hospital board chairman Alvin Schell said that the difference of opinion was practically a political schism. “You were a Republican or you were a Democrat,” he told an Associated Press reporter. “You went to an osteopath or you went to a medical doctor.” Both MDs and DOs are physicians, but DOs view their practice as a more holistic approach to medicine, and to the patient. Today, about 90 percent of U.S. physicians are MDs.
The community and its physicians put their differences aside, supporting the merger of the two hospitals into a single organization. In November 1981, the merged organization cut the ribbon on United Community Hospital, a new 128-bed medical center.
United changed its name to Grove City Medical Center in 2006. Today, the hospital is an 67-bed acute care facility in Mercer County that operates six outpatient clinics and lab sites throughout its service footprint. It provides cancer care, cardiac care, general surgery, lab services, home health and diagnostic imaging, among other clinical services. Its emergency department, accredited as a Level IV Trauma Center since 2014, treats about 17,000 patients annually.
Despite national trends, about half of Grove City's staff physicians are still DOs, and the hospital remained independent for more than 40 years.
The hospital celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2018. In 2020, Grove City Medical Center officially became a part of AHN and was renamed AHN Grove City.
Jefferson Hospital (AHN Jefferson).
Jefferson Hospital, nine miles south of Downtown Pittsburgh, opened its doors in 1977 at its current Jefferson Hills campus, and can trace its roots to the early 20th Century. Jefferson, formerly known as Jefferson Regional Medical Center, was created through the merger of two older hospitals: St. Joseph's Hospital in Pittsburgh's South Side, which opened in 1904, and Homestead Hospital, which began treating patients in 1908.
Both hospitals were originally built close to steel mills, and cared for the people who worked in them. Eventually, those hospitals moved to larger facilities, then merged in 1973, and together they were known as the South Hills Health System. In 1977, the new Coal Valley Road hospital opened, to accommodate Pittsburgh's rapidly growing southern suburbs. Later, the health system changed its name to Jefferson Regional Medical Center, and by the mid-'80s, the hospital had added an ambulatory surgery center, a new professional medical building, and was operating one of the largest home-care nursing programs in the area.
In 2013, Jefferson Regional officially joined Allegheny Health Network. Today, Jefferson is a 341-bed hospital that serves the city's South Hills. Annually, its clinicians perform 17,000 surgeries and treat more than 50,000 patients seeking emergency care. Over the last decade, Jefferson has established a leading open-heart surgery and cardiovascular disease program, added advanced neurology and neurosurgical services, and developed a new comprehensive, state-of-the-art cancer center, which includes 20 infusion chairs and two patient beds for treatments, a patient education library, and a comprehensive resource center for patients and their families to learn more about nutrition and supportive care services available to them.
In 2014, Jefferson also added a new labor and delivery unit, the first new OB program and unit to be built at a Pennsylvania hospital in three decades. The new OB unit also features a Level II neonatal nursery for special needs, two dedicated cesarean-section rooms, 24/7 obstetric anesthesia and newborn services, numerous patient services and amenities, and the latest in infant security technology. It now delivers more than 1,300 babies annually.
In recent years, Jefferson has also added advanced robotic surgery and orthopaedic surgery, neurosurgery, and behavioral health services, and in 2019 Jefferson Hospital opened a $21 million expansion of its emergency department.
Saint Vincent Hospital (AHN Saint Vincent).
In the 1870s in Erie, Pa., the Sisters of St. Joseph began raising money to build what would be Erie's first medical institution. On Sept. 5, 1875, Saint Vincent Hospital opened; at a cost of $7,000, it was a three-story, 12-bed hospital staffed by one surgeon and seven Sisters, who handled “everything from nursing to laundry.” According to hospital historians, “The Sisters' ministry to the sick began with an unfortunate accident in front of the St. Joseph orphanage in 1874. After caring for an injured man, other cases were soon brought to the Sisters, until demand became so great that Mother Agnes Spencer obtained permission from Bishop Mullen to build the hospital.”
As the Erie region expanded, the hospital quickly outgrew its original three-story home, and by 1900 a new “Old Main” annex was established, followed by the creation of a nursing school (1901); yet another annex (E Building in 1911); a nurses home (1925) and a new diagnostic building and 65-bed maternity ward (1939). All of the new facilities were built on Saint Vincent's original Sassafras Street campus. After World War II came another round of expansion, and in the 1950s hospital leaders revealed plans to build a new, air-conditioned four-story inpatient center with diagnostic, X-ray, physiotherapy, lab and clinical facilities, and remodeling of business quarters.
It 1978, a helipad was added, allowing for air transport of critically ill or injured patients to and from the hospital. In the 1980s, Saint Vincent teamed partnered with nearby Hamot Medical Center to create a jointly operated “Tri-State Regional Trauma Center” and a “Tri-State Regional Cancer Center;” those partnerships have since been dissolved.
By the late 1980 and early 1990s, Saint Vincent was one of the busiest hospitals in the state, necessitating additional expansion; the Saint Vincent Outpatient Surgery Center opened, and a new multi-story South Building would house maternity, intensive-care units, engineering areas, a new entrance and lobby, cardio-technical services, and the laboratory. In 2008, Saint Vincent's Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) was renovated and opened in September of that year; the new 10,000-square foot facility featured 19 individual, private pods for families to bond with their babies. That year, 2,308 babies were delivered at SVH.
In 2012, Saint Vincent's board voted to pursue a “strategic affiliation” with Highmark Inc. The following year, Highmark officially created Allegheny Health Network, and Saint Vincent joined the new network as its northwestern Pennsylvania hub.
In 2017, Highmark and AHN announced $115 million in capital investments for Saint Vincent and the Erie region, including a new emergency department, new operating suites, a new Women and Infants Center, and a new Health + Wellness Pavilion. In 2018, Saint Vincent broke ground on the new pavilion and a new free-standing cancer center. Those facilities opened in 2019.
Westfield Memorial Hospital.
Founded in 1942, Westfield Memorial Hospital is an affiliate of Saint Vincent Hospital, which is 30 miles to the southwest. It is the only AHN hospital outside of the state of Pennsylvania.
Westfield is a four-bed acute care hospital that serves several communities in New York's largely rural Chautauqua County. In 2018, Westfield Memorial unveiled its new five-bed emergency department; the updated facility includes “four new treatment rooms and one large trauma room, along with a newly painted ambulance vestibule.”
In 2016, Westfield was reaccredited as an acute-care hospital by the New York Commission on Health Care Facilities in the 21st Century, the culmination of a multi-year evaluation process that reviewed the services, capacities and capabilities of all of New York's hospitals. As a result of that evaluation process, Westfield was given a five-year “limited life” operating certificate in 2011. At the time, Westfield had been a 32-bed facility, and the state recommended turning Westfield into a standalone “diagnostic center” without emergency services. The Westfield community rallied around the hospital and “convinced the state of New York that this may not be the right thing to do,” according to The Observer of Dunkirk, NY. In response to the public lobbying, Westfield remained a full-service acute-care hospital, but was required to “find ways to make improvements and provide their services more effectively to the community.”
Westfield became an affiliate of the St. Vincent Medical Center on Jan. 1, 1999. As part of Saint Vincent, WMH became a part of AHN in 2013. The emergency department treats about 7,500 annually. Westfield has about 75 full-time and part-time employees.
Western Pennsylvania Hospital (West Penn Hospital).
When the Western Pennsylvania Hospital was chartered in 1848, Pittsburgh was a growing iron town, one of the largest American cities west of the Allegheny Mountains. It was a prosperous city, but it was also a dirty and dangerous one. Industrial accidents were common, and outbreaks of smallpox, scarlet fever, diphtheria and other scourges were common among Pittsburgh's 45,000 residents, thousands of whom were immigrant laborers from Europe.
To care for these sick, injured or destitute immigrants, Pittsburgh began building hospitals. The first to be built were religiously affiliated, but soon, city stewards agreed that Pittsburgh would also need a publicly charted hospital that could provide health care for all, without sectarian restrictions. In 1847, Henry D. Sellers, M.D., proposed a new hospital in Pittsburgh's 12th ward, on a hillside overlooking the city's Strip District and adjacent to what is now Polish Hill (today, that plot is home to a ballfield and West Penn Park, named in honor of the hospital). On March 18, 1848, the hospital was formally incorporated, and the four-story, 120-patient hospital finally opened in spring 1853, after five years of design and construction.
In its first year of operation, 172 patients were admitted, and only 24 of those admitted had the means to pay for their stay. Because so many of the patients were indigent (most people who could afford medical care were treated by house-call doctors), the nurses and physicians who were recruited to work at West Penn did so voluntarily, in three-month rotations. They treated patients with the medicines of the day — mercury, opium, tobacco and calomel.
Many of those who were treated at West Penn during its earliest days had mental illnesses, and it was soon clear that they needed more than hospital care — they need a specialized facility of their own. In 1862, West Penn opened the Dixmont Hospital (known officially as the "Department of the Insane in the Western Pennsylvania Hospital of Pittsburgh”) on a steep bluff overlooking the Ohio River, about eight miles downriver from West Penn. That hospital, the first specialized mental health facility in Western Pennsylvania, remained under West Penn's ownership until 1907, after which Dixmont was independently controlled.
Eight years after the opening of West Penn Hospital, America was at war with itself. While the fighting didn't come to Pittsburgh, wounded soldiers did, and West Penn became a primary triage center serving Union forces. Because of its size, and because it was a public hospital not bound by religious affiliations, the United States government commandeered West Penn Hospital in 1862, making alterations to it and turning it into a military hospital for the next three years. (Civilians could still be treated at West Penn in emergency situations). By the end of the Civil War in 1865, some 3,000 soldiers had been treated at West Penn. Some never recovered to full health, staying in the east wing of the hospital in what became known as the Soldiers Home.
In 1883, West Penn surgeons and doctors chartered the Western Pennsylvania Medical College, which began with a class of 57 students in September 1886. The region's first medical school, the college became the medical department of what is now known as the University of Pittsburgh in 1892, and was completely integrated into the university in 1908. Similarly, by 1890, work was underway on a new nursing school and dormitory, another first for the region.
At the turn of the 20th Century, Pittsburgh was booming, and West Penn had outgrown its busy Strip District home. Smoky, noisy and buffeted by railroad yards, the hillside was referred to as the “Golgotha of the Iron City.” The hospital needed electricity, more modern rooms, and a better location, and the hospital's board — populated by names like Heinz, Frick, Carnegie, Mellon and Horne — agreed to build a new hospital in Pittsburgh's Bloomfield neighborhood, about a mile to the east. The cornerstone was laid in 1909, and on New Year's Day, 1912, the new West Penn Hospital opened. The six-story, X-shaped hospital was able to accommodate up to 500 patients, and featured modern operating rooms, laboratories, and X-ray machines.
The new hospital and its staff would be tested repeatedly over the coming years — the 1918 flu epidemic saw West Penn again commandeered by the federal government, the Great Depression eroded the financial resources of West Penn and nearly every other American hospital, and World War II drained West Penn of physicians and nurses.
West Penn survived those tests, and after the war, in 1950, West Penn added a new obstetrical wing, an intensive care unit came in 1958, and by the 1960s, another substantial expansion was underway. Led by board President Aiken Fisher, West Penn launched a capital campaign to build a new entrance to the hospital along Millvale Avenue, and to build a new ambulatory care center along Liberty Avenue (to be named Mellon Pavilion). Both Mellon Pavilion and the hospital's renowned Burn Care Unit opened in 1970, a heliport was added in 1971, and the East Tower, which specialized in diagnostic and critical care, opened in 1981. A nine-story patient care tower was added in 1995, topped by a copper dome visible for miles.
The late 1990s and early 2000s resulted in several changes to West Penn's governance structure. Following the fall of AHERF and its historic 1998 bond default, West Penn Hospital agreed to rescue AGH and its affiliates through a merger. As an alternative to bankruptcy liquidation, AGH, Forbes, Allegheny Valley and Canonsburg “were transferred to the West Penn system in 1999 in exchange for a $25 million payment to the creditors, who agreed to release [AGH] from liability for all claims.” That new system was known as the West Penn Allegheny Health System.
In 2010, as parent company West Penn Allegheny Health System was experiencing severe cash shortages and financial difficulties, WPAHS leadership agreed to close West Penn's emergency room as a cost-saving measure. It closed on Jan. 1, 2011, and remained closed until February 2012, after WPAHS had reached an agreement in principle with Highmark Inc. regarding the acquisition of the hospital system. That agreement was announced in June 2011, and without the affiliation and capital infusion from Highmark, had “another investor not materialized, WPAHS was preparing a budget that would have included the autumn closure of West Penn Hospital,” according to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. West Penn became a part of Allegheny Health Network in 2013.
Today, West Penn Hospital is a 333-bed academic medical center; its obstetrical program delivers nearly 4,500 babies a year, and the hospital's Level III neonatal intensive care unit, its adult and pediatric certified burn trauma center, its extended-hours oncology clinic, and dozens of other services draw patients from across the state. West Penn was also the first hospital in the region to earn Magnet Recognition status from the American Nurses Credentialing Center, an achievement denoting the quality of a hospital's nursing team. West Penn's marrow and stem cell transplantation program is one of the most sophisticated in the country and one of the busiest in the state.
Neighborhood hospitals.
In February 2020, AHN opened AHN Hempfield Neighborhood Hospital, a small-scale hospital in Westmoreland County, Pa. In March, the network opened two more small-scale hospitals, in Brentwood, Pa., and McCandless, Pa., and the fourth and final neighborhood hospital opened in October 2020 in Harmar township, Pa. The hospitals are jointly designed and operated by Emerus; they each have a 24-hour emergency room, as well as 10-12 inpatient beds, imaging services, and a variety of outpatient services. The Hempfield hospital is also attached to a newly built cancer center.
Health + Wellness Pavilions.
Allegheny Health Network is home to six Health + Wellness Pavilions, one-stop-shop medical malls that provide patients with access to a comprehensive array of retail, preventive, diagnostic and therapeutic health care services, under one roof. These large-scale pavilions were designed to provide patients and physicians with a well-organized, uniquely integrated and multi-disciplinary approach to disease management, prevention and wellness. The first of these pavilions opened in 2014 in Wexford (Allegheny County). Since then, AHN has opened Health + Wellness Pavilions in Peters (Washington County), Bethel Park (Allegheny County), North Fayette Township (Allegheny County), and two in Erie County.
Under construction.
In 2023, AHN announced that it would be building a new medical and research headquarters for its Neuroscience Institute on the AGH campus; in the same year, the network also unveiled its 10-year master plan for AGH. In November 2023, AHN announced it would be building a new full-service hospital near Canonsburg, Pa.
Notable Institutes.
Like many health systems, AHN delivers patient care at hospitals and outpatient centers, but manages and organizes that care through service-line-oriented institutes. As of 2018, AHN's highest-volume and best-known institutes include its Cancer Institute, Cardiovascular Institute, Emergency Medicine Institute, Esophageal &amp; Lung Institute, Medicine Institute, Neuroscience Institute, Orthopaedic Institute, Transplant Institute, Women's Institute, and its Pediatric Institute.
Notable researchers, physicians and surgeons.
Numerous renowned physicians, surgeons, and researchers have been affiliated with Allegheny Health Network and its member hospitals over the years, including: George J. Magovern, a pioneering cardiothoracic researcher and one of the nation's most influential heart surgeons, who developed the first suture-less heart valve, performed the world's second lung transplant in 1963, and performed one of the world's first heart transplants; Peter Jannetta, who was one of the world's foremost neurosurgeons and who developed a new brain procedure to eliminate facial spasms and facial pain caused by trigeminal neuralgia; Milton Jena, a distinguished cancer researcher who established one of the region's first cancer labs; Donald Fisher, a cardiologist who established the region's first cardiac catheterization lab and performed one of the world's first heart defibrillations; John "Jack" Gaisford, a surgeon who founded Western Pennsylvania's first specialized burn center; James McMaster, a leading orthopaedic surgeon and sports medicine specialist, and past president of the Allegheny-Singer Research Institute; Yvonne Maher, one of the region's first female interventional cardiologists; Claude Joyner Jr., whose landmark 1963 article, "Reflected Ultrasound in the Assessment of Mitral Valve Disease," introduced echocardiography to the United States; and Ralph R. Mellon, the director of the Institute of Pathology at West Penn Hospital through the 1930s and 1940s, and one of first doctors in the world to use sulfas (a synthetic antibiotic) to treat pneumonia and other bacterial infections.
Sports Medicine.
Allegheny Health Network serves as the official medical provider of the Pittsburgh Pirates, the Pittsburgh Riverhounds, and various regional high school and collegiate athletic programs. The network also has three large sports-medicine campuses — AHN Cool Springs, AHN Montour, and AHN Pavilion Sports Medicine + Performance in Erie, which opened in May 2024.
Financials.
In 2024, the network reported a $147 million operating loss against $5.1 billion in operating revenue. In 2023, the network reported $173 million in operating losses against $4.7 billion in operating revenue. In 2022, AHN reported nearly $181 million in operating losses against $4.4 billion in total revenue, according to bond filings. In 2021, AHN reported a $119 million operating loss and more than $4 billion in operating revenue. In 2020, AHN reported a $169 million operating loss, attributable to the suspension of patient visits and surgical procedures and increased supply costs necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic.
For 2019, AHN reported operating income of $44 million and net income of $98.1 million, representing AHN's third consecutive year of positive operating income and positive net income. For the full year, AHN also reported total operating revenue of more nearly $3.6 billion, up from $3.3 billion in 2018, a year-over-year increase of $286 million, or nearly 9 percent.  In 2018, AHN reported operating income of $39 million and net income of $2.8 million, representing AHN's second consecutive year of positive operating and net income. For the full year, AHN also reported total operating revenue of $3.3 billion, or $213 million (6.9 percent) more than the network's total 2017 operating revenue.
In 2017, AHN reported operating income of $31.2 million and net income of $51.1 million. The results represented AHN's first full year of positive operating results and positive net income since the formation of the network in 2013. For the year, AHN reported $3.1 billion in operating revenue.
In late 2017, AHN also refinanced its debt with the issuance of $1 billion in long-term bonds, purchased by a bank consortium led by PNC Financial Services. The debt issuance allowed AHN to extinguish three existing loan structures, including preexisting bond issues at Saint Vincent Hospital and Jefferson Hospital. Its debt was reduced from $1.4 billion to just above $1 billion. In July 2018, AHN announced that it would refinance its existing debt by issuing $1 billion in new long-term revenue bonds through the Allegheny County Hospital Development Authority; according to S&amp;P Global Ratings, those revenue bonds have been assigned an "'A' long-term rating" with a stable outlook."
Predecessor organizations.
West Penn Allegheny Health System (WPAHS).
West Penn Allegheny Health System was a five-hospital, Pittsburgh-based network formed through the merger of West Penn Hospital and the Pittsburgh-area assets of the Allegheny Health, Education and Research Foundation, which included Allegheny General, Forbes, Canonsburg, Suburban, and Allegheny Valley hospitals.
The merger occurred in 1999, following the collapse of AHERF, and the health system struggled to maintain market share in Allegheny County and beyond. In the ensuing years, WPAHS lost market share to its rival UPMC, and WPAHS's relationship with Highmark Inc., the region's largest health insurer, also deteriorated: In April 2009, WPAHS filed an anti-trust suit against both Highmark and UPMC, “alleging that Highmark and UPMC illegally raised prices for local health consumers while trying to ‘destroy’ West Penn Allegheny. The suit detailed actions by the two going back to 2002 that it said were designed to assure Highmark's ongoing dominance in the local insurance market while establishing higher payment rates and eliminating West Penn Allegheny to benefit UPMC.”
Two years after that lawsuit was filed, WPAHS's finances had further deteriorated, and WPAHS's board was contemplating a menu of options to rescue the distressed system. Eventually, WPAHS entered into negotiations with Highmark Inc. regarding the full acquisition of the health system by the health insurer. Highmark agreed to the rescue, in part because a Highmark was at a contract impasse with UPMC that imperiled its customers' future access to UPMC facilities.
In June 2011, the boards that led Highmark Inc. and West Penn Allegheny Health System announced a “capital partnership” in which Highmark would invest $475 million in WPAHS, including an upfront $50 million payment that kept the doors open at West Penn Hospital. In 2013, the proposed acquisition became official. West Penn Allegheny Health System continues to exist as a legal entity, but as of 2013 it has been fully absorbed into the larger Allegheny Health Network, which is owned by parent company Highmark Health.
Allegheny Health, Education, and Research Foundation (AHERF).
AHERF was created in 1983, as a nonprofit corporation that operated Allegheny General Hospital. Under Chief Operating Officer Sherif Abdelhak, AHERF and its board embarked on an ambitious growth campaign, expanding rapidly “into both Philadelphia and Pittsburgh through acquisitions encompassing several hospitals, medical schools, and primary care physicians.” 
In 1987, AHERF acquired the Medical College of Pennsylvania and its two affiliated hospitals in Philadelphia; in 1991 it acquired United Hospitals Inc., a system of four hospitals in Philadelphia; in 1993 it acquired Hahnemann Medical College and its affiliated hospital in Philadelphia; and in 1997, AHERF formed Allegheny University Medical Centers to operate AHERF's new Pittsburgh-area affiliates (Forbes Hospital, Allegheny Valley Hospital and Canonsburg Hospital).
By the end of 1997 AHERF had transformed itself from a sole urban hospital into Pennsylvania's largest statewide integrated health and education system. But the rapid expansion came at a great cost, and soon AHERF was unable to meet debt obligations and keep up with capital improvement demands; health system leadership permitted “internal subsidies, hidden internal cash transfers and raids on hospital endowments.” The rapid financial deterioration meant that by spring of 1998, AHERF was losing nearly a million dollars a day. In July 1998, AHERF filed for bankruptcy, and the resulting $1.3 billion protection filing was the nation's largest nonprofit health care failure to date.
The subsequent collapse of AHERF and the break-up of its assets led to the creation of the West Penn Allegheny Health System.

</doc>
<doc id="7053121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053121" title="Oklahoma State Highway 28">
Oklahoma State Highway 28

State Highway 28 (abbreviated SH-28) is a state highway in Oklahoma. It runs in an irregular west-to-east pattern through Nowata, Rogers, Mayes and Delaware counties.
There is one letter-suffixed spur highway branching from SH-28, SH-28A.
Route description.
SH-28 begins at US-169 just south of Delaware. From there it travels east-to-south, passing the community of Childers, to a junction with US-60.
Crossing US-60, SH-28 runs due south to New Alluwe, then south and east to Chelsea, where it intersects SH-66.
From Chelsea, it is straight south to the junction with SH-28A, where SH-28 turns due east, intersects with I-44 after , and farther crosses US-69 at Adair.
Upon leaving Adair, SH-28 runs mainly east, to Pensacola, then follows the arc of the Neosho River to the SH-82 junction outside of Langley. SH-28 crosses SH-82, then passes through Langley before crossing the Neosho River over Pensacola Dam into the town of Disney.
SH-28 then travels east to south to its terminus at SH-20, west of Jay.
SH-28A.
SH-28A is SH-28's only spur, lying entirely in Rogers County. It runs west-to-east connecting SH-66 in Foyil with SH-28.

</doc>
<doc id="7053128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053128" title="Rhapsodies (album)">
Rhapsodies (album)

Rhapsodies is a studio double album by English keyboardist Rick Wakeman, released in May 1979 on A&amp;M Records. It was his last studio release on A&amp;M and reached no. 25 in the UK. Described by Wakeman as "probably the most confusing I have ever made" due to the range of styles, it contains generally shorter tracks than his previous work to date, the longest being 5:32. All of his previous non-soundtrack albums had contained at least two tracks over seven minutes long.
Critical reception.
"The Globe and Mail" wrote that Wakeman's "major problem is his insistence on inundating the marketplace with far more instrumentally adept but generally unexciting mishmash than it can possibly absorb."
Track listing.
All tracks by Rick Wakeman, except where noted.
Personnel.
Music
Technical

</doc>
<doc id="7053129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053129" title="North Wisconsin District of the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod">
North Wisconsin District of the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod

The North Wisconsin District is one of the 35 districts of the Lutheran Church – Missouri Synod (LCMS), and covers the northern two-thirds of Wisconsin as well as the western half of Michigan's Upper Peninsula. In addition, one congregation in the district's area is in the non-geographic SELC District. The southern third of Wisconsin makes up the South Wisconsin District, and the remainder of Michigan constitutes the Michigan District; there are also two Wisconsin congregations in the Minnesota North District. The North Wisconsin District includes approximately 220 congregations and missions, subdivided into 20 circuits, as well as 40 preschools, 21 elementary schools, and 3 high schools. Baptized membership in district congregations is approximately 102,000.
The North Wisconsin District was formed in 1916 when the Wisconsin District was divided. District offices are located in Wausau, Wisconsin. Delegates from each congregation meet in convention every three years to elect the district president, vice presidents, circuit counselors, a board of directors, and other officers. 

</doc>
<doc id="7053136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053136" title="Vincentio Reiner">
Vincentio Reiner



</doc>
<doc id="7053153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053153" title="Mel Farr Jr.">
Mel Farr Jr.

Melvin Farr Jr. (born August 12, 1966) is an American former professional football player who was a running back for one season for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He attended and played college football for the UCLA Bruins. He was selected by the Denver Broncos in the ninth round of the 1988 NFL draft.
Farr is part of a family full of professional football players. Farr is the son of former NFL player Mel Farr, the nephew of former American Football League (AFL) and NFL player Miller Farr, and the older brother of former NFL player Mike Farr.
Farr is a member of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.

</doc>
<doc id="7053155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053155" title="Block size (data storage and transmission)">
Block size (data storage and transmission)



</doc>
<doc id="7053156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053156" title="1998 Úrvalsdeild">
1998 Úrvalsdeild

The 1998 season of Úrvalsdeild was the 87th season of league football in Iceland. ÍBV defended their title. ÍR and Þróttur were relegated. The competition was known as Landssímadeild, due to its sponsorship by the now-defunct company, Landssíminn.
Final league table.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Results.
Each team played every opponent once home and away for a total of 18 matches.

</doc>
<doc id="7053170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053170" title="Bryn Mawr, Minneapolis">
Bryn Mawr, Minneapolis

Bryn Mawr ( ; from ) is a neighborhood within the Calhoun-Isles community in Minneapolis located directly west of downtown Minneapolis. It is in Ward 7, represented by council member Katie Cashman.
Prior to the 1960s, the neighborhood was home to many workers of the nearby Minneapolis and St. Louis Railway yard. The neighborhood is all residential with two small business clusters, and a majority of it is surrounded by parks and hiking trails. The west-northwest border is adjacent to Theodore Wirth Park, while the southwestern perimeter borders Saint Louis Park.
In addition to Theodore Wirth Park, Bryn Mawr is bound by more parkland: Bassett Creek to the north, the Bryn Mawr Meadows park to the east, and Cedar Lake and Cedar Lake park to the south. Nearby neighborhoods include Harrison to the north, Lowry Hill to the southeast, and Kenwood and Cedar-Isles-Dean to the south.
Demographics.
As of 2020, the population of Bryn-Mawr was 2,768, split 46.8% male and 53.2% female 99.6% of residents were at least a high school graduate (or equivalent), and 71.8% had earned a bachelor's degree or higher.
3.2% of the population were foreign-born residents, and 5.8% spoke a language other than English at home.
Less than 1% of households had no access to a vehicle. Among workers 16 years and older, 75.1% commuted to work via car, 22.0% walked, biked, or worked at home, with the rest using public transit or some other method. The median household income in Bryn-Mawr was $106,310. 6.2% of residents lived below the poverty line, and 7.3% were unemployed. 85.2% of housing in the neighborhood was owner-occupied.
Arts, Culture, and Events.
Events.
Source:
Media.
The Bryn Mawr Bugle is published monthly except January.
Education.
Bryn Mawr is home to two schools from Minneapolis Public Schools, both located just east of Theodore Wirth Park: Bryn Mawr Elementary School, serving grades preK-5, and Anwatin Middle School, serving grades 6-8. Students in Bryn Mawr are in the attendance area for both schools. The neighborhood is also in the attendance area for North High School, serving grades 9-12.

</doc>
<doc id="7053179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053179" title="Gymnastics at the 1920 Summer Olympics">
Gymnastics at the 1920 Summer Olympics

The competition of gymnastics at the 1920 Summer Olympics was held from Monday 23 to Friday 27 August 1920 at the Beerschot Stadium in Antwerp. Four events were contested and only men were allowed to compete.
Participating nations.
A total of 250"(*)" gymnasts from 11 nations competed at the Antwerp Games:

</doc>
<doc id="7053181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053181" title="Tunnel Broker">
Tunnel Broker



</doc>
<doc id="7053204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053204" title="Les Simons">
Les Simons



</doc>
<doc id="7053226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053226" title="Sooner or Later in Spain.">
Sooner or Later in Spain.



</doc>
<doc id="7053231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053231" title="Kathryn Atwood">
Kathryn Atwood



</doc>
<doc id="7053242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053242" title="The Reluctant King">
The Reluctant King

The Reluctant King is the overall title of a trilogy of fantasy novels written by L. Sprague de Camp as part of his Novarian series, as well as the 1983 omnibus collection gathering the books together into one volume. The trilogy features de Camp's sword and sorcery hero King Jorian of Xylar, and is composed of "The Goblin Tower" (1968), "The Clocks of Iraz" (1971) and "The Unbeheaded King" (1983). The omnibus was first published in hardcover by Nelson Doubleday in 1983 as an offering for its Science Fiction Book Club, and was reissued in paperback by Baen Books in 1996.
Plot summary.
The trilogy follows the adventures of ex-king Jorian, a native of the village of Ardamai in the kingdom of Kortoli, one of the twelve city-states of Novaria. Jorian is a powerful and intelligent man who has trained extensively for a life of adventure but is hampered by garrulousness and a weakness for drink and women.
When first seen, Jorian is the reluctant king of Xylar, another Novarian city-state. The Xylarians select their king every five years by executing the reigning monarch and tossing his head into a crowd; the man who catches it becomes the next king (despite the terrible end awaiting the victor in this contest, there is never a lack of candidates, intentional or otherwise...). Jorian, having been selected for the position five years before, is at the end of his term as ruler. He miraculously escapes his fate with the aid of the Mulvanian sorcerer Dr. Karadur.
The tale continues through a pair of spectacularly disastrous quests in aid of his savior, the first taking them through the exotic lands of Mulvan, Komilakh and Shven and the second south to the ancient empire of Penembei.
In the course of the later adventure Jorian is tapped to be ruler of Penembei, an office nearly as hazardous as that of king of Xylar. Adroitly ducking this second crown, he endeavors to recover from Xylar his favorite wife Estrildis, with whom he hopes to retire to a life of quiet obscurity, only to have things once again go wrong...
Setting.
The world of which Novaria is part is a parallel world to Earth, a plane of existence related to ours in that ours constitutes its afterlife. Culturally it bears resemblances to the eras of both Classical Greece and Medieval Europe. Mankind shares this world with other intelligent beings, like the serpent people of Beraoti, the beast-men of Komilakh, and the silvans of the mountain forests. The fauna is largely that of Earth's Ice Age, while the vegetation is similar to that of present-day Earth.
Novaria's world is one in which the supernatural element is dominant. Magic works, though in a strictly logical fashion that often leaves its practitioners dissatisfied. Gods are real and strongly influence mortal affairs, communicating with their worshippers through dreams and granting them favors if paid homage. They grow weaker without this, and will eventually fade away if entirely bereft. Gods also require statues of themselves as foci to enter the material world. Demons can, and often are, summoned from other planes of existence, which Novarians number in relation to their own (which to them is the Prime Plane).
Novaria itself is a broad isthmus joining two continental masses to the north and the south. The northern continent consists primarily of the steppe country of Shven, with the pirate isles of Algarth off its western coast and the land of Hroth to the north. The southern continent contains the empire of Penembei and the desert of Fedirun to the south of Novaria and the jungles of Mulvan and Komilakh to the southeast; other lands, notably Beraoti, lie further south.
Novaria is separated from the northern continent by the high Ellorna Mountains and from the southern by the great Logram Mountains. On its other sides it drains into the Western Ocean and the Inner Sea, which communicates with the Eastern Ocean via the smaller Sea of Sikhon. Across the Eastern Ocean are the archipelagos known as the Peppercorns, Salimor, and Gwoling, and an eastern continent on which is found the great empire of Kuromon and another nomad-inhabited steppe belt.
Across the Western Ocean is the country of the cannibal Paaluan sea raiders; as these are also stated (in "The Honorable Barbarian") to be a threat in the Eastern Ocean, there is evidently a navigable sea passage around either the main Novarian continent or the eastern continent, or both.
Novaria is a land with a single language and culture, divided politically into mutually-competing city states - reminiscent of Classical Greece and Renaissance Italy. The twelve city-states into which Novaria is split are Solymbria, Boaktis, Tarxia, Zolon, Ir, Metouro, Govannion, Aussar, Xylar, Othomae, Kortoli and Vindium.
The Twelve Cities are ruled under a wide variety of competing governmental systems, some of them unique. For instance, Solymbria is an archonate whose leader is selected by random drawing, Boaktis is a dictatorship, Tarxia is a theocracy, Zolon is an island ruled by its navy, Ir is under the control of a syndicate of plutocrats, Metouro is ruled by a secret society, Xylar chooses its kings by lot and beheads each after a five-year term, Othomae divides civil and military power between a Grand Duke and a Grand Bastard, respectively the eldest legitimate and illegitimate sons of the previous Grand Duke, Kortoli is a traditional hereditary monarchy, and Vindium a republic of the classical variety. This allows the author to explore pros and cons of different modes of governance as his hero tours the region.
As for other countries, Shven and Fedirun are home to nomads patterned after the Mongols and Beduin, respectively, Mulvan is a caste-bound empire combining features of India, China and Persia, and Iraz, divided from Mulvan by Fedirun, is modeled on the Byzantine Empire. The jungles of Komilakh east of Mulvan are inhabited by beast men, and the far-off islands of Salimor in the Eastern Ocean comprise a monarchy mingling elements of Japan and the Philippines. The distant empire of Kuromon is based on China and Japan.
Features.
The trilogy is one of de Camp's most innovative works of fantasy, and not only in its use of politics. It inverts the "rags to royalty" pattern characteristic of much heroic fantasy by featuring a protagonist fleeing an unwanted crown, and flatly refusing two new offers of a crown made in later episodes. At the end of "The Clocks of Iraz", Jorian declares:
 
When last seen, at the end of "The Unbeheaded King", he has achieved precisely that (though not with the wife with whom he originally hoped to share his middle-class bliss).
Another feature of the books is their frequent use of folk tales integrated into the plot (Jorian is a storyteller) to painlessly convey something of the background and history of the invented world. This device obviates the need for lengthy appendices, as in "The Lord of the Rings". While each book in the trilogy makes use of the device, its use is heaviest in "The Goblin Tower". Some of these tales also feature satires of ideas from established political and religious ideologies on Earth (e.g. that all material concerns should be renounced to obtain spiritual liberation, or that crime is only a result of lacking resources which can be solved through welfare programs).

</doc>
<doc id="7053244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053244" title="Éric Le Lann">
Éric Le Lann

Éric Le Lann (born 1957 in Brittany) is a French jazz trumpeter.
He moved to Paris in 1977 where he had his professional debut and gained notice in 1980. He has worked with Aldo Romano, Henri Salvador, and others. He also did music for films including those of Bertrand Tavernier. In 2005 he and guitarist Jean-Marie Ecay did an album in tribute to Antonio Carlos Jobim. His daughter is French actress Lola Le Lann.

</doc>
<doc id="7053257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053257" title="Bogdan Marișca">
Bogdan Marișca

Bogdan Marişca (born 5 March 1970 in Cluj-Napoca) is a rally driver from Romania. He made his rallying debut in 1993, driving a Dacia 1410. In 2000 and 2001 he won the Group N title in the Romanian Rally Championship driving a Mitsubishi Lancer. In 2005 he won the overall title in the same championship driving for Rally Team OMV. In 2007 he lost the title to Dan Gârtofan in the last event of the year after leading the championship for a long time.

</doc>
<doc id="7053284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053284" title="Ernst-Ludwig Schwandner">
Ernst-Ludwig Schwandner

Ernst-Ludwig Schwandner (2 June 1938 Berlin - 11 August 2021 Stahnsdorf) was a German architectural historian and classical archaeologist.
Schwandner received his doctorate in 1975 from the Technischen Universität München (Germany) with a thesis on the older temple of Aphaia on Aegina (German title: "Der Ältere Tempel der Aphaia auf Aegina") under the supervision of . Until his retirement in 2004, Schwandner held the post of director in the architecture department of the German Archaeological Institute (federal German archeological survey) in Berlin. In 2002 he joined the faculty at the Winkelmann Institute of the Humboldt University Berlin as adjunct professor ("Honorarprofessor"). Schwandner's research primarily focused on the architectural history of ancient Greek architecture.

</doc>
<doc id="7053287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053287" title="Kathleen Maxwell">
Kathleen Maxwell

Kathleen Maxwell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="7053288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053288" title="That's What">
That's What

That's What is an album by the American steel-string guitar artist Leo Kottke. It is distinctive in its jazzy nature and "talking" songs ("Buzzby" and "Husbandry"). It reached No. 24 on "Billboard"'s Top New Age Albums charts, Kottke's highest charting position on "Billboard".
The song "Little Snoozer" is played on a Charvel demo model of a Danelectro 6-string bass guitar tuned one octave lower than a standard 6-string guitar. Kottke used trombones on many of the songs.
Kottke has re-recorded at least two more versions of "Jesus Maria".
Critical reception.
The "Orlando Sentinel" wrote that "Kottke's eccentric poetics and monotone Lou Reed-style of delivery make 'Buzzby' and 'Husbandry' the strangest moments on "That's What"." The "Chicago Tribune" deemed the album "a rumbling, comic, folksy sound, yet one that remains strangely comfortable and comforting."
AllMusic stated: "Leo Kottke has always been a highly idiosyncratic guitar player whose music is infused with his wry sense of humor. That's What is no exception, with Kottke's guitar work drawing from jazzy, blues and folk sources... Tying it all together is Kottke's fine guitar playing, as nimble and as quirky as ever."
Track listing.
All songs by Leo Kottke except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="7053293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053293" title="Mike Farr">
Mike Farr

Michael Anthony Farr (born August 8, 1967) is an American former professional football wide receiver who played a total of four seasons, three with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL) and one with the New England Patriots. He attended University of California, Los Angeles where he was an academic and athletic star graduating with honors in four years while breaking the school record for receptions in a single season.
Family life.
Farr is part of a family full of professional football players. Farr is the son of former NFL player Mel Farr, the nephew of former AFL and NFL player Miller Farr, and the younger brother of former NFL player Mel Farr, Jr. Farr and his brother are members of Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity.
The Farr lineage is not just success in football, but has become synonymous with cars. Mel Farr, Sr. became a successful auto dealer after finishing his career with the Detroit Lions. In 2002, Mike Farr started Second Chance Motors to address the inconsistencies in financing subprime customers in the used vehicle segment of the market place. On January 8, 2013, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission agreed to settle its claims against Farr, who allegedly helped investment adviser Roy Dixon Jr. and his private equity firm steal $3.1 million from three Michigan pension funds.

</doc>
<doc id="7053294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053294" title="USC Jane Goodall Research Center">
USC Jane Goodall Research Center

The USC Jane Goodall Research Center is a part of the department of Anthropology at the University of Southern California. It is co-directed by professors of anthropology Craig Stanford, Chris Boehm, Nayuta Yamashita, and Roberto Delgado.
The center was established in 1991 with the joint appointment of Jane Goodall as Distinguished Emeritus Professor in Anthropology and Occupational Science. The center offers USC students the chance to study in Gombe.

</doc>
<doc id="7053322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053322" title="List of Characters from My Gym Partner's a Monkey">
List of Characters from My Gym Partner's a Monkey



</doc>
<doc id="7053325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053325" title="Oklahoma State Highway 28A">
Oklahoma State Highway 28A



</doc>
<doc id="7053341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053341" title="The Black-Man's Burdon">
The Black-Man's Burdon

The Black-Man's Burdon is the second studio album and first double album by American band Eric Burdon and War, released in December 1970 on MGM Records. It was the last album by the group before Burdon left and the remaining band continued as War.
The title is a pun on "", an expression which refers to black slavery, used as the title of a book by E. D. Morel (1920) in response to the poem, "The White Man's Burden" (1899) by Rudyard Kipling, which refers to (and champions) western imperialism (including its history of slavery).
The album includes two suites based on songs by other artists: "Paint It Black" by the Rolling Stones, and "Nights in White Satin" by the Moody Blues, augmented by additional sections composed by the group. (Two similar suites appeared on the group's first album.) The extra material is mostly instrumental, except for "P.C. 3" (P.C. referring to Police Constable, a common abbreviation used in the United Kingdom), a risqué poem recited (and probably written) by Burdon over the music. Two other songs include a gospel-style chorus credited as Sharon Scott and the Beautiful New Born Children of Southern California. Richie Unterberger of Allmusic says the album is "Composed mostly of sprawling psychedelic funk jams" and "it does find War mapping out much of the jazz/Latin/soul grooves...".
One single from the album was released: "They Can't Take Away Our Music" backed with "Home Cookin'".
Cover art.
The front cover shows a black man in silhouette, while the back cover shows Burdon and a woman posed together: the woman sitting on a wall with her legs spread far apart, and Burdon (shirtless) resting the back of his head against her pelvis and gripping her ankles. The gatefold photo is somewhat risqué, consisting of the group (mostly shirtless) in a field with two nude women lying in the grass.
The album also came with a numbered 7–inch by 3–inch "war bond" entitling the bearer to $1 off the admission of any War concert.
Track listing.
All tracks written by War (Papa Dee Allen, Harold Brown, Eric Burdon, B.B. Dickerson, Lonnie Jordan, Charles Miller, Lee Oskar, Howard E. Scott) except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="7053345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=7053345" title="Anne Mayfield">
Anne Mayfield



</doc>
