<doc id="6936070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936070" title="2006 New York Giants season">
2006 New York Giants season

The New York Giants season was the franchise's 82nd season in the National Football League (NFL) and their third under head coach Tom Coughlin.
The season began with the team trying to improve on their 11–5 record from 2005, which saw them win the NFC East. They did not win the NFC East or improve on that record, falling to 8–8 on the season after starting 6–2. However, Coughlin became the first Giants head coach since Bill Parcells in 1989 and 1990 to lead the team to consecutive playoff berths as the team qualified as one of two NFC wild card teams. This was Tiki Barber's final season in the NFL.
Offseason.
In the 2006 off-season, the Giants acquired 3 time Pro Bowl linebacker LaVar Arrington as a free agent. Arrington previously played for the Redskins for six seasons. The Giants also acquired cornerback Sam Madison as a free agent. Madison played nine seasons with the Dolphins and went to the Pro Bowl four straight times from 1999 to 2002. Other notable free agent signings for the Giants included free safety Will Demps from the Ravens, cornerback R. W. McQuarters from the Lions, and linebacker Brandon Short from the Panthers.
In the 2006 NFL draft, the Giants used their first pick (acquired from the Pittsburgh Steelers) on Boston College DE Mathias Kiwanuka. They then used their next pick (acquired from the Baltimore Ravens) on University of Miami(FL) WR Sinorice Moss. The rest of their picks included Georgia Tech LB Gerris Wilkinson, Northwestern University DT Barry Cofield, East Carolina OT Guy Whimper, Alabama Safety Charlie Peprah, and Maryland CB Gerrick McPhearson.
The Giants posted a 4–0 record in the preseason, their first undefeated preseason since 1990, the same season they won Super Bowl XXV.
Results.
The Giants opened the season with a 6–2 record, but went 2–6 in the final half, barely making the playoffs. Inconsistent play by the whole team hurt the organization all season long and fans and sports analysts became irate with coach Tom Coughlin, calling for his firing. The team won five consecutive games following a 1–2 start to gain a two-game advantage in the NFC Eastern Division, but key injuries to the offense and defense took their toll. Tiki Barber had created controversy in the middle of the season by announcing his retirement to start a career in the media, which apparently was a distraction for many Giants players. The most embarrassing loss was a 24–21 defeat by Tennessee, in which the team surrendered a 21-point fourth quarter advantage, and which could have been averted had Mathias Kiwanuka finished tackling Titans QB Vince Young rather than letting him go and run for a first down. Following a season ending win at Washington, the Giants claimed a wild card berth in the NFC playoffs, but were eliminated in the first round by Philadelphia on a last second field goal.
Barber led the Giants with 1,662 yards and over 2,000 yards from scrimmage again, Eli Manning threw for 3,244 yards and 24 touchdowns, and Jeremy Shockey led the team in receptions. Defensively the team struggled all season long with pass defense (28th in the league).
Regular season.
Week 1: vs. Indianapolis Colts.
The Giants opened the regular season against the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday night, September 10. In a highly anticipated matchup that was nicknamed "Manning Bowl I", quarterback Eli Manning had to lead his Giants against his older brother, quarterback Peyton Manning, and the Colts. The Giants fell behind early as Peyton led the Colts on a 17-play, 58-yard drive that ate up 8:53, ending with kicker Adam Vinatieri hitting a 26-yard field goal. In the second quarter, the Colts built their lead with a 32-yard Vinatieri field goal, and after Jay Feely missed a 40-yard field goal wide left for the Giants, Peyton Manning found tight end Dallas Clark on a 2-yard touchdown pass. Down 13–0, and starting at their own 14-yard line with 2:18 to play in the half, the Giants' offense woke up, with Eli completing a 34-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Plaxico Burress with 40 seconds to play in the half. But that was a little too much time left on the clock: The Colts ended the first half with Vinatieri kicking a 48-yard field goal.
On the opening drive of the second half, the Giants continued their momentum from the first half, as Eli completed a 15-yard touchdown pass to tight end Jeremy Shockey, completing an 11-play, 69-yard drive that ate up 7:50. After the teams traded punts, Peyton Manning was intercepted by R. W. McQuarters, but Eli Manning fumbled, and the ball was recovered by Robert Mathis. On the ensuing drive, running back Dominic Rhodes scored from 1 yard out to open up a 23–14 lead with 13:21 to play. Undaunted, the Giants responded with a 1-yard touchdown run of their own from running back Brandon Jacobs. The Giants forced a punt on the next possession, but longtime Indianapolis punter Hunter Smith pinned the Giants at their own 7 with 4:58 to go. On that drive, Tim Carter was whistled for a questionable pass-interference call, negating a 19-yard reception for a first down. On the next play, Eli Manning was picked off by Nick Harper. Vinatieri kicked a 32-yard field goal with 1:16 to play to cap the scoring.
With the loss, the Giants started the season at 0–1.
Week 2: at Philadelphia Eagles.
In a Week 2 road matchup that pitted the Giants against the Philadelphia Eagles (the former NFC East champs), this game turned out to be a close one. The Giants drew first blood when Eli Manning threw a 37-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Amani Toomer. The Eagles tied the game up when running back Brian Westbrook ran 12 yards for a touchdown. This was followed by a 20-yard touchdown pass to Donte' Stallworth and a 37-yard field goal by kicker David Akers, and the Giants trailed 17–7 at halftime. The Eagles' offense continued to pound the Giants as quarterback Donovan McNabb threw a 23-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Reggie Brown to open up a 24–7 lead with 10:55 to play in the third quarter.
However, the momentum suddenly turned in the Giants' favor in the fourth quarter. It started with Manning completing a 23-yard pass to wide receiver Plaxico Burress, who fumbled the ball after being hit by Brian Dawkins; fortunately, wide receiver Tim Carter recovered the ball in the Eagles' end zone for a touchdown. The teams traded possessions, with Manning being intercepted by Jeremiah Trotter, and then the Giants' defense made a huge stop when they stopped Correll Buckhalter on a 4th-and-1 from the New York 38-yard line with 8:49 to play. Gibril Wilson made the stop there, and after the Giants punted, Wilson came up big again, forcing a fumble from Westbrook that was snatched up by Will Demps.
Manning then completed a 22-yard touchdown pass to Toomer with 3:33 to play, cutting the deficit to 24–21. After the Giants forced the Eagles to punt two minutes later, the Giants got the ball back at their own 20-yard line with 58 seconds left in regulation. With 15 seconds to play and the Giants on the Philadelphia 40-yard line, Manning completed a pass to Jeremy Shockey, who was run out of bounds at the Eagles' 32 for an eight-yard gain. However, after the play, Eagles lineman Trent Cole drew a personal foul for kneeing Giants tackle Kareem McKenzie in the groin, moving the ball to the Philadelphia 17. Jay Feely was sent in to tie the game, 24–24, with a 35-yard field goal. The Giants had completed an amazing comeback, scoring 17 points in under fourteen minutes to tie the game.
After the teams traded punts, the Giants took over at their own 15 with 9:55 to play in overtime. Manning completed a 13-play, 85-yard drive with a 31-yard strike to Burress with 3:18 to play, and the Giants had the miracle victory.
Manning completed 31 of 43 passes for 371 yards, three touchdowns and one interception. He completed 21 of his last 26 passes in the fourth quarter and in overtime, including all eight of his passes in overtime. Manning was selected the NFC Offensive Player of the Week for his outstanding performance against the Eagles.
With the win, the Giants improved to 1–1.
Week 3: at Seattle Seahawks.
In a rematch of a bitter 2005 loss for the Giants, when kicker Jay Feely missed three game-winning field goal attempts at the end of regulation and overtime in a 24–21 loss, the Seahawks made sure this game wasn't as close. After trading interceptions, with Corey Webster picking Matt Hasselbeck and Ken Hamlin intercepting Manning, the Seahawks jumped out to a 7–0 lead on a 2-yard touchdown run by Shaun Alexander. After forcing a punt, Hasselbeck tossed a 12-yard touchdown to Nate Burleson. Manning was intercepted again by Hamlin on the ensuing drive, leading to a 4-yard touchdown pass from Hasselbeck to Darrell Jackson, and in eleven minutes, Seattle had a 21–0 lead.
Manning had the ball on his own 43 with 10:43 left in the half when he threw his third pick of the game, this time to Michael Boulware. The Seahawks converted, going on a 12-play, 63-yard drive, capped off by a ten-yard touchdown pass from Hasselbeck to Will Heller. The game got worse for the Giants, as Plaxico Burress fumbled following a reception, with Leroy Hill recovering for Seattle. Hasselbeck then threw his fourth touchdown pass of the first half, this one going 21 yards to Bobby Engram. The Giants finally got on the board with a 46-yard field goal by Jay Feely as time expired.
Seattle pushed the lead to 42–3 in the third quarter with a 17-play, 70-yard drive that ate up 9:58, capped by a 12-yard touchdown pass from Hasselbeck to Jackson. The Giants' offense, dormant all game, finally sprang to life in the fourth quarter. Manning found Amani Toomer on a 13-yard touchdown strike. After Fred Robbins intercepted Hasselbeck, Manning wasted no time finding Tim Carter on a 25-yard touchdown pass. When R. W. McQuarters intercepted Hasselbeck for a 27-yard touchdown return, the once-enormous Seattle lead was suddenly cut to 42–24, with 9:30 to play. The Giants inched closer after forcing a punt, and Manning found David Tyree on a 9-yard touchdown pass, cutting the lead down to 42–30. The two-point conversion failed, however, and Seattle recovered the ensuing onside kick with less than three minutes remaining, effectively ending the game.
With the loss, the Giants fell to 1–2.
Week 5: vs. Washington Redskins.
The Giants' defense was trashed by the media during Week 4, their bye week, as they had allowed a whopping 92 points in their first three games. After forcing a punt, the Giants drove to the Washington 29, but Jay Feely was wide left on a 47-yard attempt. Aided by a William Joseph roughing-the-passer penalty on a 3rd-and-11 pass that was incomplete, Mark Brunell drove the Redskins to the Giants' 21, where John Hall nailed a 39-yard field goal. Manning was unfazed, finding Amani Toomer on a 44-yard completion to move the ball to the Washington 10, and apparently finding him for a touchdown pass of 5 yards three plays later, but the score was nullified by a Jeremy Shockey pass-interference penalty. Feely knocked in a chip shot of 24 yards to tie the score, 3–3, early in the second quarter.
Manning again used the big play to help the Giants to their next score, finding Plaxico Burress on a 46-yard completion that gave the Giants the ball at the Redskins' 22. Soon after, Feely hit a 34-yard field goal to give the Giants their first lead since Week 2. After forcing a punt, Manning led the Giants on a 14-play, 84-yard drive, capped by a 32-yard field goal by Feely, his third of the quarter and half. The Giants' offense finally ground into gear on the first possession of the second half, going on a 15-play, 69-yard drive that ate up 8:05 of the clock, capped by a 2-yard touchdown toss from Manning to Burress. The Redskins could muster only one scoring opportunity the rest of the way (Hall missed a 42-yard field goal wide left the possession after Burress' touchdown), and Feely added a 40-yard field goal with 2:58 to play, capping the scoring.
With the win the Giants went 2–2
Week 6: at Atlanta Falcons.
The Giants and Falcons got off to a rough start, as each team turned the ball over twice in the first quarter. After Atlanta punted to start the game, Manning was intercepted by Demorrio Williams, but two minutes later, Michael Vick was intercepted by Sam Madison. After forcing a Giants punt, Vick fumbled, with Madison recovering. Manning threw another pick on the next drive, this time to DeAngelo Hall.
Looking to break the game open in the second half, the Falcons turned to Warrick Dunn, who busted through a huge hole en route to a 90-yard touchdown run, the longest in Atlanta history. The score put the Falcons up 14–3, but Big Blue took command after that. Seizing control, the Giants used the legs of Barber and some fine passing from Manning to get back into the game. An 84-yard drive was finished with a two-yard plunge by Brandon Jacobs. After an Atlanta three and out, the Giants again drove the length of the field, with Barber leading the charge. Eli Manning finished off the 91 yard scamper with a short play-action touchdown to tight end Jeremy Shockey.
The Giants utilized a heavy pass rush to force the Falcons to punt again and after a Jay Feely field goal from 39 yards, the offense put the game away. Manning hit Shockey on another touchdown late, finishing off the Falcons. For the day, Manning was 17 of 30 for 180 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions. Barber rushed for 185 yards and Jacobs added 53. Shockey re-emerged in this game with six receptions, including the two touchdowns. Defensively, the Giants recorded seven sacks including two from Osi Umenyiora and linebacker Brandon Short. Cornerback Sam Madison who had a rough start to the season had the interception against Vick and recovered his fumble in the first quarter. The constant pressure and containment on Vick was the key to the Giants 27–14 victory.
Week 7: at Dallas Cowboys.
The Giants started off hot right away against the Cowboys on Monday Night Football. Eli Manning hit Plaxico Burress deep down the field for a touchdown and linebacker Lavar Arrington sacked quarterback Drew Bledsoe for a safety and a 9–0 lead. However, Arrington was lost for the season, tearing his Achilles tendon in the 2nd quarter. The Cowboys got back into the game on a one-yard run by Bledsoe, but gave the momentum back as cornerback Sam Madison made a big play, intercepting Bledsoe at the goalline late in the half, keeping the Giants ahead 12–7.
In the second half, Bill Parcells relieved Bledsoe with young backup Tony Romo. The Giants intercepted Romo right away as linebacker Antonio Pierce caught a deflected ball. The Giants cashed in as Manning hooked up with Jeremy Shockey for a short touchdown. Following a Brandon Jacobs touchdown run on 4th down, the Giants opened up a 26–7 lead. Although the Cowboys threatened, the defense preserved the victory as reserve cornerback Kevin Dockery intercepted Romo and ran 96 yards for the clinching score. The Giants also held Terrell Owens to under 100 yards receiving.
The Giants defense was the story however, notching six more sacks including two from Strahan, and one apiece from Arrington and Osi Umenyiora. On offense, Tiki Barber shined again, rushing for 114 yards, while Brandon Jacobs added 40 yards. Quarterback Eli Manning maintained his poise to overcome a shaky game to throw for 189 yards and two touchdowns. The win moves the Giants to 4–2 and one half a game ahead of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The game drew the biggest audience in the history of cable television with an average viewership of 16,028,000, besting the previous high-water mark set during a 1993 the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) debate between vice president Al Gore and presidential hopeful H. Ross Perot. Also notably, DE Michael Strahan managed to tie with the legendary LB Lawrence Taylor for the most official sacks in franchise history (132.5).
Week 8: vs. Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
The Giants and Bucs were confronted with winds greater than 40 mph at the Meadowlands, but the Giants' defense dominated early and often. The Giants were able to hold the Bucs to six three and outs in their first seven possessions. On offense, Eli Manning and Tiki Barber were effective if not spectacular. Near the end of the first quarter, the Giants started a 54-yard drive, culminating on a seven-yard touchdown pass from Manning to Plaxico Burress.
Midway through the second quarter, the defense struck again as Cadillac Williams fumbled a pitch and tackle Fred Robbins recovered for New York at the Bucs' 28. The Giants then used a deep pass to Burress and hard-nosed running to extend their lead to 14–0. The touchdown was scored on a one-yard plunge by Brandon Jacobs. Tampa Bay had chances to get back into the game over the next 20 minutes, but several dropped passes and questionable fourth down plays doomed them. Overall, rookie quarterback Bruce Gradkowski played well for Tampa Bay, but it wasn't enough. The Giants clinched the win late in the fourth quarter with some power running from Jacobs and Barber. Jay Feely added a 31-yard field goal to provide the final points in the 17–3 win.
Rookie defensive end Mathias Kiwanuka had his first ever sack and six tackles, middle linebacker Reggie Torbor added a sack, and Fred Robbins continued his fine season with the fumble recovery. On offense, Barber and Jacobs rushed for over 100 yards combined, Burress notched seven receptions, and Manning completed 16 of 31 passes for 154 yards and the touchdown to Burress. The key was his ability to avoid the mistakes in the blustery conditions.
Note: The two offensive touchdowns scored by the Giants in this game were the first two offensive touchdowns scored against the Bucs since Tiki and Ronde Barber met for the first time during the 1997 season.
Week 9: vs. Houston Texans.
The New York Giants defeated the Houston Texans 14–10 at Giants Stadium, despite a lackluster performance on both sides of the ball. The Giants got a break early as Texans place-kicker Kris Brown missed a 42-yard field goal. The Giants responded with a methodical 68-yard drive. RB Tiki Barber scored his first touchdown of the season on a 16-yard scamper. He finished the game with 115 rushing yards and 155 total yards from scrimmage.
Houston fought back in the second quarter with a long drive culminating in a Brown field goal. The Giants put together an excellent drive at the end of the first half, but a holding penalty and two sacks forced them to punt. In the third quarter, Houston continued its fine play, putting together an 18-play scoring drive finished by a David Carr quarterback draw. Carr was outstanding on the day completing 21 of 30 passes for 176 yards. He was not pressured all day, due to injuries to Osi Umenyiora, Justin Tuck, and Michael Strahan (the star defensive ends).
Trailing 10–7 in the fourth, the Giants offense finally came alive as QB Eli Manning led an outstanding 66-yard scoring drive utilizing the two-minute offense. Tight end Jeremy Shockey finished the drive on a three-yard play-action toss from Manning putting New York ahead 14–10. The defense preserved the lead by forcing a Houston fumble late in the game. The running game then gained two first downs and WR Amani Toomer caught an Eli Manning third down pass to end the game.
Jeremy Shockey led the Giants with eight receptions for 66 yards and Manning threw for 179 yards and one touchdown, along with an interception (at the end of the first half). Mathias Kiwanuka had the only sack of the day for New York.
Week 10: vs. Chicago Bears.
The Chicago Bears met the Giants in a highly anticipated showdown of NFC powerhouses. Since both teams were leading their respective divisions at the time, NBC took advantage of the NFL's new flexible scheduling policy and made this matchup the first to ever be moved to primetime from Sunday afternoon.
The Giants got off to a good start when Bears quarterback Rex Grossman was intercepted by Mathias Kiwanuka, returning the ball to the Chicago one-yard line. Running back Brandon Jacobs plowed in for a 7–0 lead. After forcing two Chicago turnovers, kicker Jay Feely atoned for an early miss (33 yards) with two long field goals giving New York a 13–3 lead late in the first half.
The Bears responded making the first of several game-turning plays. On third and 22, with the Giants likely to get another possession before half's end, running back Thomas Jones ran practically untouched for a first down. A few plays later, Grossman hit Mark Bradley on a 29-yard strike putting the Bears within three. At the start of the second half, the Bears used excellent field position and soft coverage to make big plays, getting inside the Giants 10-yard line. Grossman hit a strike to Muhsin Muhammad for a 17–13 lead. Following a forced fumble, the Bears broke the game open on a Grossman two-yard pass to tight end Desmond Clark.
The Giants did not fold; running back Tiki Barber (19 carries, 141 yards) broke a 46-yard run to put the Giants inside the Chicago 10. Jacobs capped off the drive with his second touchdown run, getting New York within four. After a Bears punt, kick return star Devin Hester broke the Giants' backs. Facing a long 51-yard field goal into swirling winds, Jay Feely's kick fell well short and into Hester's hands in the end zone. Seeing the Giants' players not paying attention, Hester scampered up the sideline with the ball for a 108-yard touchdown return to put their lead back to eleven and effectively put the game out of reach. A late touchdown run by Thomas Jones closed the scoring and gave the Bears a 38–20 victory.
For the Giants, Plaxico Burress and David Tyree finished with four catches, and Fred Robbins and R. W. McQuarters had sacks. Eli Manning in his worst performance of the season, threw for 121 yards and two interceptions in the defeat.
Week 11: at Jacksonville Jaguars.
Former head coach Tom Coughlin returned to Alltel Stadium on Monday night to play against the Jaguars, the team that he led to two conference title games in his tenure there, but it did not go well as the Giants laid an egg, losing 26–10. After Jacksonville muffed a handoff and punted, the Giants had the ball at the Jacksonville 30 but could only muster a field goal. Jacksonville answered with a Josh Scobie field goal near the quarter's end.
The Jaguars then moved ahead for good with a 10-play, 57-yard drive capped off by a Fred Taylor touchdown run. Taylor however fumbled at the Giants goalline near the half's end and the score remained 10–3. Meanwhile, the Giants offense was held to two first downs in the first half and could not generate any threats. Utilizing a short field in the second half, the Jaguars went ahead 13–3 on a Scobie field goal. After a forced fumble was overturned by a penalty, Eli Manning and the Giants finally awakened, going 70 yards in 11 plays culminating on a 24-yard catch and run by Plaxico Burress.
The Giants were in a great position to stop the Jaguars but David Garrard spun out of a sure sack and rushed for a first down, leading to another Scobie field goal. On their next possession, the Giants defense got burned again, as wideout Matt Jones caught a pass from Garrard on third and long for 49 yards. Maurice Jones-Drew scored from three yards out and the Giants were done.
Garrard was outstanding on the day completing 19 of 32 passes for over 240 yards and the Jaguars rushed for better than 150 yards. For the Giants, Jeremy Shockey led the team with seven catches and Tiki Barber was held to only 20 yards rushing in the defeat. New York's second straight defeat moves them into a first place tie in the tough NFC East with the resurgent Dallas Cowboys and their quarterback Tony Romo. The loss was the Giants' second consecutive.
Week 12: at Tennessee Titans.
What started as a dominating performance ended with one of the most monumental collapses in franchise history as the Giants lost to the Tennessee Titans 24–21 after leading 21–0 with nine minutes remaining. After stopping the Titans early in the first quarter, the Giants drove 52 yards in nine plays, mixing up the run and pass. The drive culminated in a three-yard touchdown from Eli Manning to Plaxico Burress. After a second Titans fumble, the Giants extended the margin with a 10-yard touchdown run by Brandon Jacobs. The Giants opened up a 21-point lead when Jacobs scored again on a short run, late in the first half.
The Giants continued to lead 21–0 until midway through the fourth quarter. With the running game and short passing game moving the ball well, the Giants made the first of several mistakes. Manning threw long to Burress and was intercepted. After Vince Young was stopped on fourth down, the Giants committed a personal foul that kept the drive alive. Young then threw a score to Bo Scaife bringing the Titans within 14. After a Giants punt and big punt return from Adam "Pacman" Jones, Young struck again, this time on a one-yard bootleg. New York was forced to punt again. After the defense held on the first three plays, Young got away on a fluke after Giants' pass rusher Mathias Kiwanuka, thinking the play was dead, unbelievably let go of Vince Young on a sack-to-be, leading to a first down. Six plays later, the Titans were back in the end zone when Brandon Jones caught a Young pass to tie the game with less than a minute remaining.
Although the game appeared to be headed to overtime, Manning attempted to lead a furious drive into field goal range. Instead, he threw an ill-advised sideline pass, which was intercepted at the 50-yard line. Two passes from Young was enough to set up a 49-yard field goal, which kicker Rob Bironas connected on as time expired, giving the Titans the improbable victory. Manning finished 18 for 28 for 143 yards, a touchdown and two interceptions. Tiki Barber had 85 yards rushing and Jeremy Shockey had five catches in the devastating defeat.
Week 13: vs. Dallas Cowboys.
The Giants have been victims of their own self-inflicted wounds during the past three games and today's game against the Cowboys yielded no exception as the Giants made crucial mistakes at the worst times, leading to their defeat. Tony Romo threw to tight end Jason Witten for a big play with only about 50 seconds remaining. Newly acquired kicker Martin Gramatica then hit a 46-yard field goal to give Dallas a 23–20 win and a two-game lead in the NFC Eastern Division. It was a hard-fought game from start to finish, but several mental mistakes by the Giants, including four personal foul penalties, a fumble after an interception, terrible play calling in the redzone and questionable timeout with 1:43 remaining, cost the team dearly.
The Giants began well with Eli Manning playing one of his best games in weeks. The Giants traveled 66 yards in 10 plays. Using a combination of good running and pass mixture, Eli Manning hit an open Jeremy Shockey for a 17-yard touchdown. Romo then threw his first of two interceptions, to defensive end Mathias Kiwanuka, who fumbled the ball as he ran, leading to a Dallas recovery. Three plays later, Dallas was in the endzone as Marion Barber scored. Late in the first half with the Giants moving, New York made another critical mistake. With fourth and inches at the Dallas 21, the Giants called a long handoff that was stuffed. Dallas then went ahead with a field goal for a 10–7 halftime lead.
New York had several opportunities to put the Cowboys on the ropes in the second half, but poor play-calling following long drives hurt them. After traveling to the Dallas five late in the period, a poor pass by Manning, a run for nothing, and another dangerous pass forced the Giants to tie the game with a field goal. After Dallas made a field goal to take a 13–10 lead, Manning again led the Giants downfield. This time, while inside the 10, running back Brandon Jacobs was unthinkably removed from the ball game despite his ability to pound the football. The Giants had to tie the game at 13.
With nine minutes left, Romo led the Cowboys to a 20–13 lead by converting on several crucial first downs on a 12-play, 66-yard drive. On one third down, safety Gibril Wilson nearly intercepted Romo. However, in a trend of mistakes, he did not make the play, and the pass was complete for a first down. Down by seven with minutes to play, Eli Manning led the Giants downfield using a no-huddle offense. Following a long screen pass to Tiki Barber, the Giants committed another mistake; they called a timeout to keep an additional 40 seconds on the clock. Manning capped off the 63 yard march with a seven-yard strike to Plaxico Burress to tie it at 20–20.
But the Giants had no answer on defense for Tony Romo's confidence or late game heroics. The bad timeout came back to haunt the Giants as Romo found Jason Witten open downfield and Gramatica kicked the game-winner. Manning was 24–36 for 270 yards and two touchdowns, and Tiki Barber rushed for 90 yards. Shockey led the Giants with six receptions. The differences in the game were once again the questionable playcalls and poor execution at crucial times in the game. Romo for the day was exceptional, finishing 20 of 34 for 257 passing yards, with two interceptions.
Week 14: at Carolina Panthers.
A 27–13 victory over the Carolina Panthers boosted New York to 7–6 and an inside track to an NFC Wildcard spot. In a refreshing change of pace, the Giants did not make any major mistakes and the defense forced three second half turnovers to hold off a potential Panther rally. With RB Tiki Barber running well early, the Giants jumped out to a 10–0 lead, courtesy of a Jay Feely 32-yard field goal and a 28-yard touchdown from QB Eli Manning to WR Plaxico Burress. The Giants surrendered the lead however as Panthers' backup quarterback Chris Weinke hit WR Drew Carter on a 36-yard strike and John Kasay kicked a field goal. Right before halftime, Manning and the Giants went to the two-minute drill, driving right down the field. The drive included an important third down completion from Manning to TE Jeremy Shockey. Shockey then caught a two-yard rollout from Manning for a 17–10 halftime lead.
The Giants took control in the third quarter as Weinke was intercepted for the first of three times, two by safety Gibril Wilson. Feely added his second field goal making it 20–10. After Wilson's second forced interception, the Giants extended the lead with some excellent running from Barber and RB Brandon Jacobs. A slip-screen to Barber from Manning, pushed the ball inside the five and Manning then hit WR David Tyree on a three-yard touchdown to put Big Blue up 17. Although Weinke threw for over 400 yards, the defense made the key plays in critical moments. Rookie DB Kevin Dockery recorded his second interception of the season late in the game. Tiki Barber rushed for 112 yards on 20 carries, Burress led the Giants with 77 yards receiving on four catches, and Manning despite a shaky start, finished 17 of 33 for 172 yards while throwing three touchdowns and no interceptions in the Giants win. The win also saw the potential emergence of rookie wide receiver Sinorice Moss who showed good speed on catching quick-outs from Manning. Moss had two receptions on the day. With the win, the G-Men also snapped their four-game losing skid.
Tiki Barber became the first Giant running back in franchise history to gain over 10,000 career rushing yards and also became the third player in NFL history to gain more than 10,000 rushing yards and 5,000 receiving yards in an NFL career, joining Marshall Faulk and Marcus Allen.
Week 15: vs. Philadelphia Eagles.
The Giants hosted the Philadelphia Eagles in a match crucial to their playoff and divisional title hopes. The Giants started off well, stopping the Eagles quickly. Chad Morton then returned a punt to the Eagle 21 and Tiki Barber scored from 11 yards out giving New York an early lead. After Philadelphia converted a third and 11, quarterback Jeff Garcia drove his team the length of field and Correll Buckhalter tied the game. The Giants offense, although moving well, was hurt by several penalties and fumbles by Visanthe Shiancoe and Brandon Jacobs. The Eagles went ahead 14–7 with a one-yard run by Brian Westbrook on fourth down, and the Giants added a Jay Feely field goal to make it 14–10 at the recess.
The Giants had several opportunities to take command in the second half, but red zone difficulties, similar to those experienced against the Cowboys in week 13, hurt their chances. Eli Manning hit Plaxico Burress in stride for a big gain to get inside the 10, but were forced to settle for a field goal. After forcing a fumble on the ensuing Eagles possession, the Giants had the ball first and goal from the seven-yard line, but two runs and a pass yielded zero yards and Feely kicked another short field goal, putting the Giants ahead 16–14.
The Eagles came right back as Reno Mahe returned the ensuing kick 64 yards for Philadelphia. Westbrook then ran through a gaping hole 28 yards for a touchdown. The Eagles' next drive ended with an interception by Giants cornerback Will Demps. The Giants took advantage on a drive culminating with a Jacobs score from one yard out. After the score, the Giants went for the two-point conversion, but were denied on a draw play, leaving the score 22–21 with seven minutes remaining. Garcia responded swiftly by driving his squad 80 yards in eight plays; an 18-yard strike to Reggie Brown and a conversion put the Eagles up seven. Manning was then intercepted on the following drive for an insurance touchdown by Trent Cole, ostensibly putting the game away for Philadelphia.
For the game, the Eagles 31st-ranked rush defense held the Giants to 88 net running yards, Manning threw for 282 yards on 28 of 40 passing, Burress recorded 120 receiving yards and Jeremy Shockey had eight receptions for 70 yards. Carlos Emmons and Will Demps recorded the only sacks for the Giants. For Philadelphia, Jeff Garcia continued his surprising rebirth, completing 19 of 28 passes for 237 yards and one touchdown (along with one interception), and Brian Westbrook gained over 140 total yards while scoring a touchdown.
Week 16: vs. New Orleans Saints.
In Tiki Barber's final home game as a Giant, New York seemingly (but not officially) needed a victory to keep their playoff hopes alive. The game started well for the Giants with Eli Manning throwing a 55-yard touchdown to Plaxico Burress touchdown on the Giants' opening possession. After stopping the Saints, returner Chad Morton fumbled a punt, resulting in a Saints field goal. After a second field goal, the Saints marched downfield again, orchestrating an 18-play drive for a touchdown. Twice, the Saints converted on fourth down, including a two-yard touchdown from Drew Brees to Marques Colston for a 13–7 lead.
In the second half, the Saints took command of the game, as the Saints running game frustrated the Giants defense. Reggie Bush added a one-yard touchdown to put the Saints up 20–7. Deuce McAllister later scored a nine-yard touchdown and John Carney hit his third field goal to close out the scoring in a 30–7 loss for the Giants, their sixth in seven games. In his final home game, Barber was held to 71 rushing yards, the Giants dropped eight passes, and Manning missed on 16 of his final 19 pass attempts. Towards the end of the third quarter, a chant of "Fire Coughlin" rained down from the rafters of Giants Stadium from fans disgruntled with the Giants' play in the second half of the season. Amazingly, the Giants were still mathematically alive for the NFC's final wild card spot, tied with four other teams at 7–8.
Week 17: at Washington Redskins.
Quarterback Coach Kevin Gilbride took over the play calling this week, and the Giants went back to what worked in 2005, the running game. Tiki Barber, in his final regular season game as a Giant, played the best game of his career, rushing for a franchise-record 234 yards on 23 carries, including three touchdowns to help spark New York to a 34–28 win over the Washington Redskins. At 8–8, the Giants, despite a 2–6 second half of the season, were able to qualify as a wild card team in the NFC playoffs.
The defense made the first big play of the game as Fred Robbins picked up a Ladell Betts fumble and ran 67 yards to the Redskins' 12. Jay Feely hit a short field goal for a 3–0 lead. After Washington took a 7–3 lead on a touchdown pass from Antwaan Randle El to Santana Moss, Barber took control. He ran straight through the Washington front four to score from 15 yards out for a 10–7, then added a 55-yard spectacular run for a 17–7 lead. Feely added another field goal for a 20–7 halftime lead.
The Giants defense set the tone for the third quarter as backup safety Jason Bell intercepted Jason Campbell. Eli Manning, despite a mediocre performance, tossed a perfect six-yard play action pass to wide receiver Tim Carter extending New York's lead to 20. However, the Giants defense, which has been susceptible to giving up leads this season allowed Washington to get back into the game. After Osi Umenyiora missed a sack on Campbell, the Redskins quarterback hit Betts on fourth down for a touchdown. After a Giants punt, T. J. Duckett closed the lead to six with a one-yard plunge.
Barber extended the lead by ripping off another big run, this time from 50 yards for a 34–21 lead. But the Redskins didn't go away. A lack of pass rush added to poor coverage in the secondary allowed the Redskins to move 68 yards in eight plays for another touchdown. At last, on fourth-and-10 late in the game, safety Gibril Wilson broke up a pass intended for Randle El, and the Giants ran out the clock. Barber's 234 rushing yards were the most ever by a Giant in a single game. For the season, he rushed for 1,662 yards. And Tiki Barber became the third active player in NFL history to have four 2,000 total yard seasons, joining Marshall Faulk and Dante Hall. Manning, despite throwing for only 101 yards, did not make any crucial mistakes and finished the season with 3,244 passing yards with 24 touchdowns. The big improvement however was in his completion percentage. For the year, he hit on 57.7% of his passes, a near five percent improvement from 2005.
Because the St. Louis Rams, the Carolina Panthers and the Houston Texans won their games the following day, the Giants clinched the strength of victory tiebreaker over the Green Bay Packers to clinch the final playoff spot in the NFC. The Giants became the eighth team in NFL history to make the playoffs with an 8–8 record.
Playoffs.
NFC Wild Card Round: at Philadelphia Eagles.
The Giants were defeated on a last second, 38-yard field goal by the Philadelphia Eagles' David Akers in their first round playoff game to finish the 2006 season. The 23–20 defeat officially ended the Giants' season and Tiki Barber's career. Quarterback Eli Manning, despite an 0–2 postseason record was far better this time around as compared to last year's matchup versus the Carolina Panthers. He got off to a fast start against the Philadelphia Eagles today.
Taking the opening kickoff, Manning used some solid passes and Barber running to move right down the field. The 67-yard drive was culminated in a 17-yard strike from Manning to Plaxico Burress. However, after the opening drive, the offense missed several opportunities to break the game open in the first half as the defense stuffed the Eagles' attack, yielding good field position. Three separate times the Giants started at their own 47 or better, but could not get any more points. The Eagles finally got going in the second quarter as Giant killer Brian Westbrook ran 49 yards to tie the game at 7–7. Philadelphia extended their lead to 10–7 with a short Akers field goal after the defense tightened up at the goalline.
New York responded with an 11 play drive to get inside the Philadelphia 5-yard line, but in a recurring theme this season, the offense could not score a touchdown. Brandon Jacobs was taken out of the game and the move was questioned by analysts and fans alike. Jay Feely's field goal tied the game at 10–10, but the Eagles moved 80 yards in 10 plays to take a 17–10 halftime lead. Jeff Garcia who was held in check for most of the game, hit Donte' Stallworth on a 28-yard pass to score the touchdown.
The Eagles extended their lead to 20–10 with a 48-yard field goal in the third quarter before the Giants responded with a 65-yard drive to cut the lead to 20–13. However, the Giants after getting inside the 10 again, could not convert and Feely was summoned for the kick. The Giants' defense, tough all day stopped Philadelphia again and then Eli Manning led a tremendous 13 play, 80-yard drive to tie the game at 20–20. On the drive, the Giants converted three third downs, including a 3rd and 12 after the Giants had 1st and 30. Burress converted the final third down, then Manning hit him with a bullet for a touchdown to the tie the score. However, Westbrook's tough running and safe passes from Garcia got David Akers in position for the game winning kick as the clock ran out.
For the day, Manning completed 16 of 27 passes for 161 yards, 2 touchdowns and an interception. Barber in his final game rushed for 137 yards and Burress led the Giants with five receptions for 89 yards in the postseason defeat as the Giants finished their season with an overall record of 8–9.

</doc>
<doc id="6936074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936074" title="Tetsuro Matsuzawa">
Tetsuro Matsuzawa

 is a primatologist who was a past director of the Primate Research Institute of Kyoto University. He graduated from Kyoto University with a B.A. degree in 1974, a Psy.M. degree in 1976 and a Ph.D. degree in Science in 1989.
Matsuzawa is known for his research on chimpanzee intelligence both in the laboratory and in the wild. His laboratory work consists of the Ai-project, which focuses on the language-like skills, number-concepts, and memory ability of a female chimpanzee named Ai. Started in 1978, it is one of the longest running laboratory research projects on chimpanzee intelligence. Matsuzawa has been a part of the project since the beginning. Matsuzawa has also studied tool use in the wild chimpanzees at Bossou, Guinea, West Africa since 1986. The bossou chimpanzee community consists of about 12 individuals and has been studied by Japanese researchers for three decades. Bossou chimps are well known to use a pair of stones as hammer and anvil to crack open oil-palm nuts. Long-term research on wild chimpanzee tool use revealed interesting topics like handedness of use of a hammer, critical period of learning nut-cracking at around 3 to 5 year old, "education by master-apprenticeship" and observational learning, possession of stones, deception, new tool use like algae-scooping, use of leaves for cushions, cultural variation in adjacent communities, etc. Matsuzawa's approach to research is to synthesize the field work and the laboratory work in order to understand the nature of chimpanzees, our evolutionary neighbors.
Matsuzawa is well known for his research on chimpanzee memory, which suggests that chimpanzees outperform humans on some simple memory tasks. He has argued that this is evidence of a memorial capacity in young chimpanzees that is superior to that seen in adult humans. However, the accuracy of these findings has been disputed. A. Silberberg and D. Kearns have argued that the performance difference between human and chimpanzee trials can be explained by training effects on the tested chimpanzees. They did reach Ayumu's performance level after thousands of trials, but only for 5 numbers whereas Ayumu effortlessly does it for 9.
In 2020, Kyoto University announced that Matsuzawa was involved in misappropriating the funding of Primate Research Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="6936077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936077" title="Walter Signer">
Walter Signer

Walter Donald Aloysius Signer (October 12, 1910 – July 23, 1974) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Chicago Cubs in 1943 and 1945. The , right-hander was a native of New York City.
Signer is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut on September 18, 1943, starting the second game of a doubleheader against the St. Louis Cardinals at Sportsman's Park. Signer and the Cubs were shut out 5–0 by 29-year-old rookie Al Brazle.
Signer's first major league win came as a relief pitcher in an 8–7 victory over the Philadelphia Blue Jays at Wrigley Field (September 23, 1943). His best game as a big leaguer was on October 1, 1943, when he pitched a complete game 3–1 win at home vs. the Boston Braves.
Two years later, in 1945, Signer pitched six games in relief for the Cubs with no starts. His career totals include 10 games pitched, 2 starts, a complete game, a 2–1 record with 3 games finished, a save, 11 earned runs allowed in 33 innings, and an earned run average of 3.00.
Signer died at the age of 63 in Greenwich, Connecticut.

</doc>
<doc id="6936078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936078" title="Sengoku jieitai (1979 film)">
Sengoku jieitai (1979 film)



</doc>
<doc id="6936080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936080" title="Dr. Vijay P. Bhatkar">
Dr. Vijay P. Bhatkar



</doc>
<doc id="6936083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936083" title="John R. Pillion">
John R. Pillion

John Raymond Pillion (August 10, 1904 – December 31, 1978) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Life.
He was born on August 10, 1904, in Conneaut, Ohio. He graduated from Cornell Law School in 1927. He practiced law in Erie County, New York. He was president and treasurer of the Bison Storage &amp; Warehouse Corporation in Buffalo, and the owner and operator of a fruit and vegetable farm in Niagara County.
He was a city court judge in Lackawanna, New York from 1932 to 1936, and the Corporation Counsel and Tax Attorney of the City of Lackawanna from 1936 to 1941.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Erie Co., 8th D.) from 1941 to 1950, sitting in the 163rd, 164th, 165th, 166th and 167th New York State Legislatures.
He was elected as a Republican to the 83rd, 84th, 85th, 86th, 87th and 88th United States Congresses, holding office from January 3, 1953, to January 3, 1965. In Congress, he was most notable as an opponent of statehood for both Hawaii and Alaska. He was defeated for re-election in 1964 by Richard D. McCarthy. Pillion voted in favor of the Civil Rights Acts of 1957, 1960, and 1964, as well as the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
He retired to Hamburg, and died in Eden, New York on December 31, 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="6936084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936084" title="Vogorno">
Vogorno

Vogorno is a village and former municipality in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. The village is located above Lago di Vogorno, a reservoir formed by the Verzasca Dam. On 17 October 2020 the former municipalities of Vogorno, Sonogno, Corippo, Brione (Verzasca) and Frasco merged to form the new municipality of Verzasca.
Geography.
Vogorno had an area, , of . Of this area, or 1.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 59.5% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.3% is settled (buildings or roads), or 3.0% is either rivers or lakes and or 22.8% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.6% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.6%. Out of the forested land, 50.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.1% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 0.5% is used for growing crops. Of the water in the municipality, 2.6% is in lakes and 0.4% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 15.1% is unproductive vegetation and 7.7% is too rocky for vegetation.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Azure a Tau cross argent pattee couped between six mullets or four and two and in a chief argent a cross pattee couped gules."
Demographics.
Vogorno has a population () of 270. , 5.2% of the population are resident foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of -6.5%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (83.9%), with German being second most common (13.8%) and Spanish being third (1.3%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 42 speak German, 1 person speaks French, 255 people speak Italian. The remainder (6 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 48.4% male and 51.6% female. The population was made up of 133 Swiss men (46.3% of the population), and 6 (2.1%) non-Swiss men. There were 141 Swiss women (49.1%), and 7 (2.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 3 live births to Swiss citizens and were 6 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 3 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 non-Swiss man who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources, including moves across municipal borders) was a decrease of 2 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 2 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.0%.
The age distribution, , in Vogorno is; 16 children or 5.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 18 teenagers or 6.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 40 people or 13.9% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 35 people or 12.2% are between 30 and 39, 42 people or 14.6% are between 40 and 49, and 46 people or 16.0% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 46 people or 16.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 22 people or 7.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 22 people or 7.7% who are over 80.
, there were 147 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 448 single family homes (or 92.2% of the total) out of a total of 486 inhabited buildings. There were 24 two family buildings (4.9%) and 5 multi-family buildings (1.0%). There were also 9 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 519 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 144. There were 70 single room apartments and 46 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 144 apartments (27.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 374 apartments (72.1%) were seasonally occupied and 1 apartments (0.2%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SP which received 36.44% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (24.58%), the CVP (12.08%) and the Ticino League (11.23%). In the federal election, a total of 65 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 25.7%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 274 registered voters in Vogorno, of which 141 or 51.5% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 139 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 32 or 23.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 29 or 20.9%), the SSI (with 26 or 18.7%) and the PPD+GenGiova (with 22 or 15.8%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot and 1 null ballot was cast, leaving 139 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the LEGA which received 39 or 28.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 35 or 25.2%), the PS (with 33 or 23.7%) and the PPD (with 17 or 12.2%).
Economy.
, Vogorno had an unemployment rate of 1.94%. , there were 26 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 7 businesses involved in this sector. 11 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 3 businesses in this sector. 22 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 8 businesses in this sector. There were 140 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.0% of the workforce.
, there were 14 workers who commuted into the municipality and 100 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 7.1 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 7.9% used public transportation to get to work, and 60.7% used a private car. , there were 2 hotels in Vogorno.
Religion.
From the , 259 or 85.2% were Roman Catholic, while 20 or 6.6% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 21 individuals (or about 6.91% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 4 individuals (or about 1.32% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Vogorno about 63% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Vogorno there were a total of 29 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Vogorno there were 3 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years. In the village, 10 students attended the standard primary schools. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 9 students in the two-year middle school, while 2 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 2 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 2 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 6 students in Vogorno who came from another municipality, while 17 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6936085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936085" title="Aghia pelaghia">
Aghia pelaghia



</doc>
<doc id="6936089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936089" title="Dhaka Airport railway station">
Dhaka Airport railway station

Airport railway station or Biman Bandar railway station is a railway station in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh. Situated opposite to Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport, it can be accessed from the Airport Road.
Overview.
It is the second stoppage for trains in Dhaka, after the Kamalapur railway station. Trains to and from India and locally Khulna, Jessore, Noakhali, Sylhet, Rajshahi, Chittagong, Comilla, and many important towns and cities stop at the station. Its rail tracks are Dual gauge which provide both Metre gauge and Broad gauge. Therefore, Broad gauge trains from Rajshahi, Khulna and the Maitree Express can stop at that station easily. The station has two platforms.
In 2014 railways authorities demolished illegally built structures in the parking lot.

</doc>
<doc id="6936092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936092" title="Chimpanzee Ai">
Chimpanzee Ai



</doc>
<doc id="6936096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936096" title="Coffman Cove">
Coffman Cove



</doc>
<doc id="6936098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936098" title="Cyananthus lobatus">
Cyananthus lobatus

Cyananthus lobatus, commonly known as the lobed-leaved cyananth or trailing bellflower, is an ornamental flowering plant of the family Campanulaceae.
Description.
"Cyananthus lobatus" is a perennial plant which grows into a low mat up to tall and wide. It usually takes two to five years to reach its maximum size.
Roots.
Its roots are shaped like carrots, and can be up to wide. They have a sturdy caudex (rootstock) which is branched and has scales towards its end. These scales are ovate (egg-shaped) or lanceolate (lance-shaped) and are roughly 4 mm in size.
Stems and leaves.
Its many stems grow prostrate, or along the ground, and are each long. They are clustered in a dense turf, and on the ends they are villous, sparsely covered with both long and short soft hairs.
The leaves are long, are dull green in color, and have either a deeply lobed or toothed shape. They are placed alternate, across the stem from one another, and are sessile (directly connected to the stem) or have very short leaf stalks which are less than 5 mm long. At the base, there is a wedge shape which tapers into this connection point.
The leaf blades are obovate, a reverse ovate shape which is narrower towards the base and broadening towards the tip. They can also be several other shapes, including that of a reverse lanceolate shape, a broad tip and narrow base, or a rhombus-like shape. The texture of the leaf is slightly leathery; the bottom side is covered in shaggy hairs and the upper side has sparse stiff hairs or lacks hairs altogether. The edges of the blade are slightly rolled under towards the midrib of the leaf.
Inflorescence.
The species' flowers are the most showy part of the plant. They can be up to in diameter. The sepal tube is prominent and covered in black hairs. It is long, and a third of it is lobed. The pedicels which connect the flowers to the stem are long and have course, rough hairs. The calyx tube is cylindrical and has dense brown-red bristle-like hairs.
Each flower has five petals, which can vary widely in color. They are usually a bright blue-purple, but can also be a paler shade or rarely completely white. The petals are also an obovate shape, similar to that of the species' leaves. Each petal is hairy in the throat, or center, of the flower.
Taxonomy.
"Cyananthus lobatus" was described by Nathaniel Wallich in first volume of the journal "Illustrations of the Botany of the Himalayan Mountains" in 1836. It has a chromosome number of 2n=28.
Etymology.
In English, the species is commonly referred to as the lobed-leaved cyananth or as trailing bellflower. In Mandarin it is called 裂叶蓝钟花 (Liè yè lán zhōng huā).
Infraspecifics.
"C. lobatus" var. "insignis" is a variety of the species, which has larger flowers that can be up to wide. While the variety was described as its own species under the name "Cyananthus insignis" by R.E. Grahame in 1940, according to the "Vienna Code" this description was invalid due to the lack of a Latin description and diagnosis, and thus is not accepted.
Distribution and habitat.
"Cyananthus lobatus" is native to the Himalayas, and its range stretches from the Himachal Pradesh in India to Tibet and Yunnan in China. It can be found at altitudes of and its habitat is grassy slopes and forests.
Ecology.
While "Cyananthus lobatus" is typically disease free, it can be affected by pests like aphids and glasshouse red spider mites when it is grown in a greenhouse.
Cultivation.
"Cyananthus lobatus" was awarded the Royal Horticultural Society Award of Garden Merit, a designation which signifies that the species is a reliable plant and is suitable for cultivation.
The species is capable of being grown in poor soil, but performs better in rich humus. It requires moist soil with proper drainage, and prefers the ground to be neutral to slightly acidic in pH. It should be kept cool and at least partially shaded. It is typically grown in gravel or rock gardens or indoors in pots, and does not require any pruning.
"C. lobatus" can be propagated by either seed or cuttings. When propagating by seed, it should be sown as soon as it is ripe; when propagating by cuttings, rooting softwood should be used in late spring or early summer. The species flowers in the late summer, but will display foliage from spring to fall.
Cultivars.
The 'Sheriff's Variety' cultivar of "Cyananthus lobatus" has larger flowers which are more pale and lavender in color. The 'Giant Form' cultivar is larger in size, with a diameter of up to , roughly larger than standard plants of the species. It is sold for use as a cascading plant in rock gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="6936100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936100" title="Virginia State Route 96">
Virginia State Route 96

State Route 96 (SR 96) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known for most of its length as Virgilina Road, the state highway runs from U.S. Route 501 (US 501) near Cluster Springs east to the North Carolina state line in Virgilina. In Virgilina, SR 96 runs concurrently with SR 49 south to the border, where the highways continue as North Carolina Highway 96 (NC 96) and NC 49, respectively.
Route description.
SR 96 begins at an intersection with US 501 (Huell Matthews Highway) south of Cluster Springs in southern Halifax County. The state highway heads southeast as Virgilina Road, which crosses Mayo Creek. East of Bluewing Creek, SR 96 heads east to the town of Virgilina, where the highway follows 7th Street. In the center of town, the state highway meets SR 49 at Florence Avenue. Northbound SR 49 follows 7th Street toward Clarksville while both state highways turn south onto Florence Avenue. After crossing over the former alignment of the Norfolk, Franklin and Danville Railway, the two highways reach their respective termini at the North Carolina state line. The two highways, which retain their numbers south of the border, continue south for a short distance before diverging; NC 49 heads southwest toward Roxboro and NC 96 heads southeast toward Oxford.
History.
SR 96 was originally part of State Route 302, added in 1931 from State Route 18 (now US 501) east three miles (5 km) towards Virgilina. By 1932, this southern piece of SR 302 became part of State Route 59, and that year it was extended east the rest of the way to Virgilina. In the 1933 renumbering, all of SR 59 became part of State Route 49. The piece west of Virgilina, as well as the several blocks south to the state line in Virgilina (which had not been numbered before then), became State Route 96 in the 1940 renumbering to match North Carolina Highway 96.

</doc>
<doc id="6936101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936101" title="River Mint">
River Mint

 
The River Mint is a river in Cumbria, England. The Mint starts life at Whelpside at the confluence of Bannisdale Beck, running south-east from Bannisdale Head, and a smaller stream draining a group of small valleys from headwaters in The Forest, Combs Hollow and Mabbin Crag.
The river runs south to Patton Bridge, picking up a series of smaller tributaries, before turning south west, continuing through the hamlet of Meal Bank.
The Mint drains into the River Kent between Mintsfeet and Kentrigg just north of Kendal.

</doc>
<doc id="6936105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936105" title="Mirage (British band)">
Mirage (British band)



</doc>
<doc id="6936109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936109" title="Et-tell">
Et-tell



</doc>
<doc id="6936110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936110" title="Route 96 (Virginia)">
Route 96 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6936113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936113" title="Virginia State Highway 96">
Virginia State Highway 96



</doc>
<doc id="6936119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936119" title="State Route 96 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 96 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6936123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936123" title="CTX 9000">
CTX 9000



</doc>
<doc id="6936127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936127" title="CTX-9000">
CTX-9000



</doc>
<doc id="6936132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936132" title="State Route 59 (Virginia pre-1940)">
State Route 59 (Virginia pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6936136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936136" title="CTX-9000DSi">
CTX-9000DSi



</doc>
<doc id="6936138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936138" title="Presbyterian Church of East Africa">
Presbyterian Church of East Africa

Presbyterian Church of East Africa (PCEA) is a Presbyterian denomination headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya. In Kenya, 10% of the population is Presbyterian. It was started by missionaries from Scotland, most notable of whom was Dr John Arthur. It has its headquarters in Nairobi South C.
History.
Beginning.
The story of the Presbyterian Church of East Africa (PCEA) begins with a business company, when in 1889 Sir William Mackinnon and Mr. Alexander Low Bruce, made private plans for a Scottish Mission among the Kamba and Maasai and later to the Kikuyu people. In 1891, at the invitation of the late Sir William Mackinnon, Mr. A.L. Bruce and other directors of the Imperial British East Africa Company, a band of Missionaries left London for British East Africa. These were Mr. Thomas Watson, Evangelist Mr. John Greig, Mr. John Linton, Mr. C.M.A Rahman and were met at Mombasa by Dr. Moffat. The party was later in the year joined by Dr. James Stewart of Lovedale, South Africa, who became the leader of the Mission. These missionaries arrived in Kibwezi in October of the same year and established a mission under the name of the "East African Scottish Mission". In 1892, the first temporary Church at Kibwezi was opened by Dr. James Stewart, and also the first School with two pupils.
In 1893 mission work was strengthened by the arrival of Mr. John Paterson who introduced basic agriculture and the first coffee seeds.
Owing to the infestation of Kibwezi by Malaria and the subsequent loss of life of Missionaries, Mr. Thomas Watson visited Dagoretti in 1894 to explore possibilities of transferring the mission station. In 1898 the missionaries moved from Kibwezi to Dagoretti where they constituted themselves as the "Church of Scotland Mission" (CMS). In 1900 Watson died of pneumonia at Kikuyu. Other notable CSM missionaries of this period include Revd Dr John Arthur, who worked with the Alliance of Protestant Missions.
Formation.
When the mission was handed over to the Church of Scotland, it found believers among the Kikuyu people through the work of its stations at Kikuyu and Tumutumu (1908) and among the Meru people in Chuka, and Mwimbi, and among the people of Imenti through its work at Chogoria (1915).
In 1920, by the authority of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland of 1918, a form of Church government was set up and inaugurated by Very Reverend J.N. Ogilvie, Elders ordained, Parish Sessions formed for the Congregations of Kikuyu, Tumutumu and St. Andrew's, Nairobi 
and the Presbytery of British East Africa instituted, to exercise jurisdiction over these Congregations. In the same year (1920) ordination of the first native elders took place in Kikuyu.
It was not until 1926 when the ordination of the First African Pastors took place namely, the Rev. Musa Gitau, the Rev. Benjamin Githieya and the Rev. Joshua Matenjwa, at Kikuyu.
The church expanded to Chogoria in 1922 when Dr. Clive Irvine set up the first mission station, then hospital and schools there.
Mergers.
In 1936 the separation of the overseas Presbytery of Kenya to cater to the colonial and continental work was done by the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. In 1946 the gospel missionary society (GMS), an American-oriented Church based at Kambui in Kiambu, joined the overseas Presbytery of Kenya. In 1952 authority was given to the overseas Presbytery of Kenya by the general assembly of the Church of Scotland to begin a conversation with the synod of Presbyterian Church of East Africa with a view to seeking a basis for uniting the Presbyterian work in East Africa in one Church.
In 1956 the Synod of the Presbyterian Church of East Africa and the overseas Presbytery of Kenya declared the Congregations over which they had several jurisdictions united as one Church whose constitution was then adopted.
Statistics.
The Presbyterian Church in Eastern Africa has approximately 4,000,000 members, over 1,000 congregations and 313 parishes and hundreds of house fellowships.
The denomination has currently 61 presbyteries, divided into 5 regions, these are the Eastern Region, Central region, Nairobi region, Mt. Kenya Region and Rift Valley Region.
In Tanzania there are approximately two Presbyterian churches in Eastern Africa Presbyteries. The denomination began to work in Tanzania in 1950.
Structure.
At the local level, there is a congregation. The congregation is governed by the session. The middle governing body is the presbytery. The highest court is the General Assembly. The church does not have Synods.

</doc>
<doc id="6936143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936143" title="Athyrium niponicum">
Athyrium niponicum

Athyrium niponicum, the Japanese painted fern, is a species of fern native to eastern Asia.
This species was redefined as a member of genus "Anisocampium" in 2011 based on phylogenetic analyses, but the genus has since been sunk into "Athyrium".
This deciduous fern has a creeping rhizome and a tuft-shape array of fronds. The fronds are variable in length, generally 30 to 75 centimeters long but occasionally over a meter in length. They have alternately arranged, subdivided pinnae. The spore-bearing sori on the undersides of the fertile pinnae are variable in shape, being "oblong, hooked, J-shaped, or horseshoe-shaped".
The Latin specific epithet "niponicum" means "relating to Japan (Nippon)".
This is a commonly cultivated fern, especially "A. niponicum" var. "pictum". It thrives in many kinds of shady garden conditions and produces thick colonies of gray-green fronds with reddish midribs. 'Pictum' is also considered to be a cultivar; varieties and cultivars are bred to achieve midribs in many shades of red.
"A. niponicum" var. "pictum" has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit. 
as has the cultivar 'Silver Falls'.

</doc>
<doc id="6936144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936144" title="CTX-9000 DSi">
CTX-9000 DSi



</doc>
<doc id="6936148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936148" title="Bowie Tsang">
Bowie Tsang

Bowie Tsang Po Yee (; born 21 February 1973) is a Hong Kong-Taiwanese television host, singer, actress, and writer. She is the daughter of Eric Tsang.
Career.
Tsang was born in Hong Kong to actor Eric Tsang and his first wife, Wang Mei-Wah. She was raised in both Hong Kong and Taipei, and graduated from National Taiwan University in 1995 with a bachelor’s degree in sociology. Her half-brother, Derek Tsang, from her father's second marriage, is an Oscar- and Primetime Emmy-nominated director. 
While at university, she worked as an assistant producer at Zhen Yan She, a subsidiary of Rock Records. She then held various behind-the-scenes roles in film and television in Hong Kong, including script supervision and production assistance, as her father discouraged her from pursuing an entertainment career through his connections. 
Tsang returned to Taiwan in 1997 and became a host on Chung T'ien Television (formerly CTN). She was discovered by Taiwanese producer Chang Hsiao-yen, who signed Tsang to her management company in 1999. From 1999 to 2003, she released six albums. 
In 2000, Tsang was implicated in a high-profile breakup between Mickey Huang and Dee Hsu, after Hsu accused Tsang of having an affair with Huang. The allegation was substantiated in 2001 with paparazzi photos published in the inaugural issue of "Next" "Magazine" (Taiwan), prompting Tsang’s shift from Taiwan to mainland China, where she pursued an acting career throughout the 2000s. She shifted her career back to Taiwan in the 2010s, and won the Best Entertainment Program Host at the 2013 Golden Bell Awards. In 2019, she was the interviewer on Grain Media's documentary series, "The Eve of Tomorrow."

</doc>
<doc id="6936149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936149" title="CTX 9000 DSi">
CTX 9000 DSi



</doc>
<doc id="6936161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936161" title="List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Messina">
List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Messina

The following is a list of the 108 municipalities ("comuni") of the Metropolitan City of Messina in the autonomous region of Sicily in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6936166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936166" title="List of Pokémon Adventures volumes">
List of Pokémon Adventures volumes

"Pokémon Adventures", known in Japan as , is a Japanese manga series published by Shogakukan. The story arcs of the series are based on most of the "Pokémon" video games released by Nintendo and, as such, the main characters of the series have the name of their video game. Since the manga is based on the video games, there are some delays with the serialization since the authors need to have seen the games in order to continue with the plot.
Overview.
The series is written by Hidenori Kusaka. It was illustrated by Mato during the first nine volumes, while Satoshi Yamamoto started illustrating it since the tenth volume. The Japanese publisher Shogakukan has been releasing the individual chapters in "tankōbon" format with the first one being released on August 8, 1997, and currently, 64 "tankōbon" have been released.
The distributing company Viz Media has licensed the series for English in the United States. Viz released the first seven volumes of the series in "tankōbon" format from July 6, 2000 to January 2003 as well as in magazine format. During 2006 they released two volumes with the name "The Best of Pokémon Adventures", which are various chapters from the first two arcs put into one book. On June 1, 2009, Viz restarted publishing the "tankōbon" volumes, and also localized the later arcs after the first 7 volumes. Volume 8, the start of the Gold and Silver arc, released in 2010, and Volume 30, the start of the DP arc (known as volume 1 of Diamond/Pearl/Platinum in Viz's release) was released in 2011. However, these releases feature both visual and dialogue edits not found in the original English release and original Japanese "tankobon" release.
On July 24, 2018, Viz announced their plans to release the regular volume releases digitally on their digital platform, as well as the digital platforms of their associates such as ComiXology and Amazon Kindle with the first seven volumes available initially and the remaining sagas planned for release between August and December 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6936175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936175" title="George Mara">
George Mara

George Edward Mara, (December 12, 1921 – August 30, 2006) was a Canadian businessman and Olympian hockey player. He was a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers who won the gold medal in ice hockey for Canada at the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz.
Background.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, he was educated at Upper Canada College and played for the Toronto Marlboros junior hockey team. After declining an offer from the Detroit Red Wings during World War II, he instead served as a Lieutenant in the Royal Canadian Navy. After the war, he played for the Royal Canadian Air Force Flyers in the 1948 Winter Olympics and was captain of the gold medal team.
He also joined the family business, William Mara Company, an importer of wines and spirits. He sold the company in the early 1970s and joined Jannock Corporation where he was vice-chairman.
He was one of the founders and chairman of the Olympic Trust of Canada, the fundraising arm of the Canadian Olympic Association (now the Canadian Olympic Committee), which raised millions of dollars to help support Canadian athletes.
From 1957 to 1969, he was a director of Maple Leaf Gardens and briefly became President in 1969.
He died in 2006 while undergoing heart surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="6936189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936189" title="Alexey Gritsay">
Alexey Gritsay



</doc>
<doc id="6936195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936195" title="Atmospheric Research">
Atmospheric Research

Atmospheric Research is a scientific journal dealing with the part of the atmosphere where meteorological events occur; intended for atmospheric scientists (such as meteorologists and climatologists), aerosol scientists, and hydrologists. It is a highly international journal with attention given to all processes extending from the earth surface to the tropopause, but special emphasis continues to be devoted to the physics of clouds and precipitation, i.e. atmospheric aerosols; microphysical processes; cloud dynamics and thermodynamics; numerical simulation of cloud processes; clouds and radiation; meso- and macrostructure of clouds and cloud systems, and weather modification.

</doc>
<doc id="6936207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936207" title="Gordon Manning">
Gordon Manning

John Gordon Manning Jr. (28 May 1917 – 6 September 2006) was a news executive at CBS and NBC and a former executive editor at Newsweek. Manning is credited with arranging the first interview between Soviet leader Mikhail S. Gorbachev and an American correspondent and an exclusive interview with Soviet dissident Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn shortly after Solzhenitsyn's exile from the Soviet Union in 1974.
Biography.
Manning was born in New Haven, Connecticut. He grew up in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, where his parents worked in a watchmaking factory. He graduated from Boston University in 1941, having served as editor of the student newspaper in college.
Manning joined the staff of United Press in Boston. During World War II he served in the Navy.
Journalism career.
After the war, Manning worked in a series of menial editing jobs until he was assigned to write a feature article on New York Yankees catcher Yogi Berra for Collier's magazine. The response to that feature resulted in Manning being hired as a managing editor at Collier's.
When Collier's ceased publication, Manning joined the staff of Newsweek. Manning's coverage of the 1964 Alaska earthquake was noticed by Fred Friendly, then-president of CBS News, who was disappointed with the CBS staff's slow response to the disaster. Friendly hired Manning to be the news division's senior vice president, a position he held until 1975, when a demotion resulting from internal politics caused him to jump to NBC News.
Accomplishments.
While at CBS News, Manning helped direct coverage of the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal. He urged the network to air a two-part special report by Walter Cronkite on Watergate that brought national attention to what had been a Washington Post story.
In May, 1970, six members of a CBS News camera team disappeared in Cambodia while covering the civil war there. Manning flew to the scene and hired a Cambodian Army unit to protect him in the search for the missing journalists. Four of them, led by correspondent George Syvertsen, were discovered in shallow graves near the side of a road where they had been ambushed and killed by the Khmer Rouge. Manning supervised the recovery of the bodies and evacuation to their homes for proper burials.
When President Nixon attempted to normalize relations with mainland China, Manning tried to arrange an interview with the Chinese representative to the United Nations, Huang Hua. Huang rebuffed Manning. Manning bought all the first class seats on an Air France flight Huang was taking from Paris to New York. Manning instructed the flight attendants to serve unlimited champagne to Huang. When Manning, accompanied by Cronkite and a cameraman, approached Huang later in the flight, the ambassador provided CBS with an in-flight interview that contrasted sharply with the terse statement he made to the reporters upon arrival in New York.
Death.
Manning died at Norwalk Hospital in Connecticut, aged 89. The cause of death was congestive heart failure.

</doc>
<doc id="6936208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936208" title="John Raymond Pillion">
John Raymond Pillion



</doc>
<doc id="6936209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936209" title="River Gowan, Cumbria">
River Gowan, Cumbria

The River Gowan is a short river in Cumbria, running easterly through the village of Ings before joining the River Kent at Staveley.
Etymology.
It is difficult to determine where the river got its name. In Scottish English, "gowan" the name for the common daisy or occasionally the buttercup. It is derived from the original form "gollan" which is the marsh marigold, the name was made famous by Robert Burns in a poem originally entitled "The Gowan" which is now known as "To a Mountain Daisy". The Lakeland poet William Wordsworth also uses the word gowan to refer to a common wayside flower indicating that the name was used in the area and therefore it is possible that the river got its name from the fact that it flows through many flower meadows on the valley floor. In Scottish Gaelic "Gowen/Gowan" can also mean "blacksmith". The name may therefore otherwise have come from the Scots Gaelic or from Irish missionaries who are known to have travelled in Cumbria during the Anglo-Saxon period and have given many words to the local dialect.
Ecology.
In 2013 work was completed on a river improvement project to restore meanders between Ings and Staveley involving the removal of 71 metres of man-made flood embankment. This was part of project funded by the Environment Agency and Natural England which aims to bring river units of the River Kent &amp; Tributaries Site of Special Scientific Interest/Special Area of Conservation
into "improving" condition. The Kent is designated a Special Area of Conservation, primarily as an important habitat for the endangered White-clawed Crayfish ("Austropotamobius pallipes").
It is anticipated that apart from ecological benefits, the reconnection of the river with its flood plain will help alleviate flooding downstream.

</doc>
<doc id="6936212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936212" title="Live at the Royal Albert Hall (Ladysmith Black Mambazo album)">
Live at the Royal Albert Hall (Ladysmith Black Mambazo album)

Live at the Royal Albert Hall is a live album by the South African isicathamiya group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. It was recorded in front of a live audience on April 22, 1999, and released simultaneously on videotape and DVD. It was nominated at the 43rd Annual Grammy Awards in the Best Traditional Folk Album category.

</doc>
<doc id="6936217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936217" title="John Pillion">
John Pillion



</doc>
<doc id="6936220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936220" title="Ars Antiqua Austria">
Ars Antiqua Austria

Ars Antiqua Austria is an early music ensemble founded in Linz in 1989 to perform Austrian Baroque music on period instruments. The group was established by Gunar Letzbor and Michael Oman and consists of eight musicians. They research and perform neglected works.
During the Baroque period, Austrian music had many influences: Italian, French, Spanish, Slavic, and Hungarian. These blended with Austrian folk music and dance music. Aside from its native Austria, the group has toured France, Germany, Slovakia, Ukraine, and the U.S. It received a Cannes Classical Award in 2002 for Viviani's "Capricci Armonici".

</doc>
<doc id="6936223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936223" title="Lamon Bay">
Lamon Bay

Lamon Bay is a large bay in the southern part of Luzon island in the Philippines. It is a body of water connecting the southern part of Quezon province to the Philippine Sea, a marginal sea of the Pacific Ocean. It borders on the coastal towns of Atimonan, Gumaca, Plaridel, Lopez, Calauag, and the islands of Alabat.
It is a rich fishing ground and the home of various living corals. Most parts of the bay consist of gray sand, some parts are filled with rocks, and other living corals. It is gradually sloping to the extent that, during low tide, the water level is low enough to allow one to walk as far as five hundred metres from the shore like in Pulong Pasig of Calauag.
The beaches in the towns of Gumaca and Plaridel are sandy and ideal for swimming.. White-sand beaches are found in the villages of Capaluhan, Santo Angel, Talingting, Pangahoy, and Dapdap of Calauag. In some parts of the bay, about ten feet from the beach front, are living corals. The town of Lopez has colonies of corals which are located just about 15 minutes by boat from the shore. Lamon Bay is located at the southern part of Quezon.
Description.
A large sea bay and island on the indented Pacific coast of Luzon, consisting of predominantly coral shore with pockets of intertidal mudflat and mangrove in the smaller bays. In many places, the nearshore corals have died and have been covered with silt to form sandy flats. The island of Alabat (33 km long) has an extensive mangrove fringe along its southwest shore, with several hundred hectares of intertidal mudflats exposed at low tide. Large portions of the original mangrove forest have been degraded or completely destroyed for the construction of fish and shrimp ponds. The average tidal rise and fall is about l.25m.
During the invasion of the Philippines in World War II, Japanese forces landed on three locations: Mauban, Plaridel (then "Siain") and Atimonan. By Christmas Day, 1941 they were in Pagbilao where Palsabangon Bridge (Km. 143.332) was blown almost in the face of the pursuing Japanese.

</doc>
<doc id="6936230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936230" title="Lamon Gulf">
Lamon Gulf



</doc>
<doc id="6936236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936236" title="WMBS">
WMBS

WMBS (590 AM) is a full service/adult standards formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Uniontown, Pennsylvania, serving the Uniontown/Pittsburgh/Morgantown area. WMBS is owned and operated by Fayette Broadcasting Corporation, and broadcasts at a power of 1,000 watts, day and night, adopting a two-tower directional antenna pattern at night from its facilities at 214 Georges Fairchance Road, just off U.S. Route 119.
History.
WMBS became the very first station to sign on the air in all of Fayette County, doing so on July 15, 1937. This was also the second suburban station outside of Pittsburgh in southwestern Pennsylvania to go on the air. WHJB (now WKHB) in Greensburg had signed on in 1934, and WKST in New Castle would do so in 1938.
WMBS bears the distinction of being under the same ownership since it first went on the air. Though the principals have changed over the years, it has had the same family line for generations. Robert Pritts was the most recent owner principal, who controls the majority of the station. Pritts is the nephew of H.S. Dumbauld, one of the station's co-founders. With the 1997 passing of Dumbauld's son Edward, the family's interest was passed on to Pritts, a retired school district administrator from Columbus, Ohio. Pritts remained principal until his death in April 2022 at the age of 89.
Brian Mroziak is the current general manager, who ascended to that position at the age of 24, making him one of radio's youngest top executives in the country. Ken Hawk, of the former WKPA (now WMNY) 50 miles north in New Kensington, was another, becoming general manager of that station at age 21 in 1991.
WMBS also bears the distinction of being a highly successful AM station without an FM in its portfolio, despite its average listener age of over 65. WMBS did have an opportunity to acquire an FM property, following the bankruptcy liquidation sale of Uniontown-licensed WPQR-FM (now WPKL) in 2001. That station had been silent for almost two years due to financial problems that eventually forced it and its AM sister WCVI (now WBGI) into bankruptcy proceedings. Owner Bob Pritts, who attended the bankruptcy sale, had offered $452,000, but was outbid by current owner Keymarket Licenses, LLC.
 As part of a long-term plan for WMBS' future in the late 1990s, the station moved from its longtime rented location on Fayette Street (the original location in 1937 was in the Fayette Bank Building in downtown Uniontown), to a large Victorian house on South Mount Vernon Avenue owned by Pritts' cousin, the late federal judge Edward Dumbauld, thus eliminating the station's monthly rental bill. The station also incorporated more off-site music programming, putting existing local disc jockeys to other uses. The moves strengthened the station financially and improved its overall sound.
On Monday, January 27, 2003, WMBS flipped from its format of rock 'n roll oldies to its present nostalgia format.
WMBS in the News.
Jack McMullen, one of WMBS' pioneers, who completed an 18-year stint with the station beginning in 1945, died in a hit-and-run vehicle-pedestrian accident on West Main Street in Uniontown. Though McMullen underwent surgery to repair two broken legs and his right arm, his condition swiftly declined. A Papa John's pizza delivery driver later admitted to police that he was behind the wheel, and had taken his eyes off the road to read a delivery slip when he struck McMullen. 
McMullen went on to become a speech writer for Gov. David Lawrence, the Executive Director of the Fayette County Redevelopment Authority, the Director of Community Development for Uniontown, and served his community as All-American Commander VFW Post 47 and Exalted Ruler of the Elks BPOE #370 Uniontown.
WMBS filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission in August 2016 for an FM translator on 101.1 MHz The application was granted on August 28, 2016, and WMBS put translator W266DB on the air in April 2017.
WMBS Today.
WMBS is an affiliate of Westwood One/Dial Global "Adult Standards" nostalgia format, and has been an affiliate of the CBS radio news network for virtually its entire existence. WMBS is the only station in the Pittsburgh Radio Market to carry the CBS World News roundup which celebrated its 70th anniversary on the air in 2008. WMBS celebrated its 75th anniversary on the air in 2012 with a community cookout and tour of its studios.
WMBS is also the Fayette County exclusive radio outlet for the live play-by-play game broadcasts of Pittsburgh Penguins hockey, Pittsburgh Pirates baseball, Pittsburgh Panthers basketball and football, and Pittsburgh Steelers football. WMBS also airs Uniontown high school football and basketball, Laurel Highlands high school baseball, NCAA basketball and football, and "The NFL on Westwood One".
WMBS was awarded in 2010 The Most Outstanding Local Radio Newscast from a small market station by the Pennsylvania Association of Broadcasters.
WMBS would win the award again in 2011. Both newscasts were submitted by Mike Krcil.
WMBS won two additional PAB awards in 2012, Most Outstanding Radio Series, History of the Civil War in Fayette County and Most Outstanding Radio Commercial, Economy Furnace.
WMBS found itself a PAB winner again in 2013, For the 2nd year in a row winning Most Outstanding Radio Series, History of the Civil War in Fayette County and a Judges Merit Award for The Grace to You Radio Program with Pastor Roland Maust that airs Sunday Morning on WMBS. Maust won additional PAB awards for WMBS in 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6936242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936242" title="Akadimia Platonos">
Akadimia Platonos

Akadimia Platonos ( ) literally meaning Plato's Academy, is a neighbourhood located west-northwest of the downtown part of the Greek capital of Athens.
History.
The area is named after Plato's Academy, which he founded in the area in 387 BC and which continued to operate until it was destroyed by the Roman dictator Sulla in 86 BC. Excavations of Ancient artefacts began in 1929 and continue to the present day, under the auspices of the third General Directorate of Antiquities.
The area saw housing developments in the early part of the 20th century when Athens began to grow. An industrial zone was also laid out during this time. The area was mostly urbanised during the period after World War II and the civil war.
Present day.
The area is densely populated, with people mainly living in five to seven-story buildings. Major streets bordering this subdivision include Lenorman Avenue to the east, Palamidou Street to the south and Athinon Avenue (GR-8 and GR-8A and E90 westbound.)
The two main squares are Akademia Platonos and Metaxa. The population is approximately 15,000.
Residential streets.
Several residential streets are named after places in the Peloponnese, famous people, and myths.
Amenities.
Akadimia Platonos has schools, lyceums (middle schools), gymnasia (secondary schools), churches, banks, shops and squares ("plateies"). The nearest Athens Metro subway station is to the east (Metaxourgeio metro station).
Akadimia Platonos has also given its name to the title of a movie screened in Locarno Film Festival 2009 directed by Filippos Tsitos.

</doc>
<doc id="6936258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936258" title="Jack Ass">
Jack Ass



</doc>
<doc id="6936259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936259" title="Condyloma latum">
Condyloma latum



</doc>
<doc id="6936261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936261" title="A*baw">
A*baw



</doc>
<doc id="6936269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936269" title="Classical mandolin society of america">
Classical mandolin society of america



</doc>
<doc id="6936274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936274" title="Tsang Bowie">
Tsang Bowie



</doc>
<doc id="6936278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936278" title="Bhuma Singh Bhangi">
Bhuma Singh Bhangi

Bhuma Singh Bhangi (died 1746) was a Jat Sikh warrior of the 18th century in Punjab and the second leader of the Bhangi Misl succeeding Sardar Chhajja Singh.
Sardar Bhuma Singh was a Dhillon Jat of the village of Hung, near Badhni in present-day Moga district, who made a name for himself in skirmishes with Nadir Shah's troops in 1739. Bhuma Singh's latent genius as an organiser and commander helped the Bhangi "misl" grow. Historical records indicate he died in the Chhota Ghallughara (massacre) in 1746, while defending the Sikh community, from hostile attacks. Bhuma Singh was childless and had adopted his nephew, Hari Singh. On Bhuma Singh's death in 1746, Hari Singh Bhangi assumed the leadership of the Bhangi Misl. The Bhangi Misl got its name due to Bhuma Singh's addiction of "hashish" (bhang).

</doc>
<doc id="6936283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936283" title="A.C.D Guidonia Montecelio">
A.C.D Guidonia Montecelio



</doc>
<doc id="6936284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936284" title="Jónsson-Tarski duality">
Jónsson-Tarski duality



</doc>
<doc id="6936286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936286" title="Orny Adams">
Orny Adams

Orny Adams (DoB: 10 November 1970) is an American actor, comedy writer and stand-up comic. He is best known for his role as Coach Bobby Finstock on the MTV series "Teen Wolf".
Personal life.
Adam Jason Orenstein was born in Lexington, Massachusetts. He was raised in a Conservative Jewish household, and at summers he attended Camp Tel Noar in nearby New Hampshire. He has two sisters. In 2018, Adams and his family visited Israel for the first time.
He graduated from Lexington High School in 1989, then earned a bachelor's degree from Emory University in 1993, majoring in political science and philosophy.
Career.
Adams has made appearances on "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno". He was featured in the 2002 documentary "Comedian" starring Jerry Seinfeld.
Adams' comedy DVD/CD "Path of Most Resistance" was released on November 10, 2006. On October 29, 2010, Adams' one-hour comedy special "Orny Adams Takes The Third" premiered on Comedy Central. On December 1, 2017, Adams' third comedy special, "Orny Adams: More Than Loud", premiered on Showtime.
In 2007, CBS Television Distribution and Yahoo! announced a development deal with Ashton Kutcher’s production company Katalyst for "Tube," which was to have been hosted by Adams and featured viral videos, comedy bits and sketches. In 2011, Adams was cast as Coach Bobby Finstock in the MTV series "Teen Wolf". It was originally announced that he would not return to the show beyond season 5 to focus more on his comedy, but would return for the last ten episodes of season 5. However, he ended up reprising the role in several episodes of season 6, even appearing in the series' final episode.
In September 2021, it was announced that a reunion film for "Teen Wolf" had been ordered by Paramount+, with Jeff Davis returning as a screenwriter and executive producer for the film. The majority of the original cast members, including Adams, reprised their roles. The film, "", was released on January 26, 2023.
On July 5, 2022, Orny uploaded his full comedy special, "More Than Loud," to his YouTube channel. By March 2024, it has over 5.2 million views.
In his stand-up, Adams does observational comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="6936288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936288" title="Baseball telecasts technology">
Baseball telecasts technology

Chronological list of the technological advancements of Major League Baseball television broadcasts:
1930s and 1940s.
1939.
On August 26, the first ever Major League Baseball telecast (the Brooklyn Dodgers vs. Cincinnati Reds from Ebbets Field) aired by W2XBS, an experimental station in New York City which would ultimately become WNBC-TV.
Red Barber called the game without the benefit of a monitor and with only two cameras capturing the game. One camera was on Barber and the other was behind the plate. Barber had to guess from which light was on and where it pointed.
In 1939, baseball games were usually covered by one camera providing a point-of-view along the third base line.
1950s.
1951.
On August 11, 1951, WCBS-TV in New York City televised the first baseball game (in which the Boston Braves beat the Brooklyn Dodgers by the score of 8–1) in color.
On October 3 of that year, NBC aired the first coast-to-coast baseball telecast as the Brooklyn Dodgers were beaten by the New York Giants in the final game of a playoff series by the score of 5-4 (off Bobby Thomson's now-legendary home run).
1955.
1955 marked the first time that the World Series was televised in color.
1960s.
1962.
On July 23, 1962, Major League Baseball had its first satellite telecast (via Telstar Communications). The telecast included portion of a contest between the Chicago Cubs vs. the Philadelphia Phillies from Wrigley Field with Jack Brickhouse commentating on WGN-TV.
1969.
By 1969, the usage of chroma key (in which the commentators would open a telecast by standing in front of a greenscreen composite of the stadiums' crowds) became a common practice for baseball telecasts.
1970s.
1975.
In the bottom of the 12th inning of Game 6 of the 1975 World Series at Boston's Fenway Park, Red Sox catcher Carlton Fisk was facing Cincinnati Reds pitcher Pat Darcy. Fisk then hit a pitch down the left field line that appeared to be heading to foul territory. The enduring image of Fisk jumping and waving the ball fair as he made his way to first base is arguably one of baseball's greatest moments. The ball struck the foul pole, giving the Red Sox a 7–6 win and forcing a seventh and deciding game of the Fall Classic. During this time, cameramen covering baseball games were instructed to follow the flight of the ball; reportedly, Fisk's reaction was only being recorded because NBC cameraman Lou Gerard, positioned inside Fenway's scoreboard at the base of the left-field Green Monster wall, had become distracted by a large rat. This play was perhaps the most important catalyst in getting camera operators to focus most of their attention on the players themselves.
1980s.
1983.
On July 6, 1983, NBC televised the All-Star Game out of Chicago's Comiskey Park. During the telecast, special guest analyst, Don Sutton helped introduce NBC's new pitching tracking device dubbed The NBC Tracer. "The NBC Tracer" was a stroboscopic comet tail showing the path of a pitch to the catcher's glove. For instance, "The NBC Tracer" helped track a Dave Stieb curveball among others.
1985.
In 1985, NBC's telecast of the All-Star Game out of the Metrodome in Minnesota was the first program to be broadcast in stereo by a television network.
1987.
For the 1987 World Series between the Minnesota Twins and St. Louis Cardinals, ABC utilized 12 cameras and nine tape machines. This includes cameras positioned down the left field line, on the roof of the Metrodome, and high above third base.
1990s.
1990.
In 1990, CBS took over from both ABC and NBC as Major League Baseball's national, over-the-air television provider. They in the process brought along their telestration technology that they dubbed CBS Chalkboard. "CBS Chalkboard" made its debut eight years earlier during CBS' coverage of Super Bowl XVI.
1992.
For CBS' coverage of the 1992 All-Star Game, they introduced Basecam, a lipstick-size camera, inside first base.
1993.
During CBS' coverage of the 1993 World Series, umpires were upset with the overhead replays being televised by CBS. Dave Phillips, the crew chief, said just prior to Game 2 that the umpires want "CBS to be fair with their approach."
Rick Gentile, the senior vice president for production of CBS Sports, said that Richie Phillips, the lawyer for the Major League Umpires Association, tried to call the broadcast booth during Saturday's game, but the call was not put through. Richie Phillips apparently was upset when Dave Phillips called the Philadelphia Phillies' Ricky Jordan out on strikes in the fourth inning, and a replay showed the pitch to be about 6 inches outside.
National League President Bill White, while using a CBS headset in the broadcast booth during Game 1, was overheard telling Gentile and the producer Bob Dekas: 
1997.
On July 8, 1997, Fox televised its first ever All-Star Game (out of Jacobs Field in Cleveland). For this particular game, Fox introduced "Catcher-Cam" in which a camera was affixed to the catchers' masks in order to provide unique perspectives of the action around home plate. Catcher-Cam soon would become a regular fixture in Fox's baseball broadcasts.
In addition to Catcher-Cam, other innovations (some of which have received more acclaim than others) that Fox has provided for baseball telecasts have been:
2000s.
2000.
For a Saturday afternoon telecast of a Los Angeles Dodgers/Chicago Cubs game at Wrigley Field on August 26, 2000, Fox aired a special "Turn Back the Clock" broadcast to commemorate the 61st anniversary of the first televised baseball game. The broadcast started with a re-creation of the television technology of 1939, with play-by-play announcer Joe Buck working alone with a single microphone, a single black-and-white camera, and no graphics; then, each subsequent half-inning would see the broadcast "jump ahead in time" to a later era, showing the evolving technologies and presentation of network baseball coverage through the years.
2002.
In October 2002, Fox televised the first ever World Series to be shown in high definition.
2004.
Starting in 2004, some TBS telecasts (mostly Fridays or Saturdays) became more enhanced. The network decided to call it Braves TBS Xtra. Enhancements included catcher cam, "Xtra Motion", which featured the type of pitch and movement, also "leadOff Line". It would also show features with inside access to players.
In October 2004, Fox started airing all Major League Baseball postseason broadcasts (including the League Championship Series and World Series) in high definition. Fox also started airing the Major League Baseball All-Star Game in HD the following year. At the same time, the FoxBox and graphics are upgraded.
2007.
For their 2007 Division Series coverage, TBS debuted various new looks, such as the first live online views from cameras in dugouts and ones focused on pitchers. TBS also introduced a graphic that creates sort of a rainbow to trace the arc of pitches on game replays. The graphic was superimposed in the studio so analysts like Cal Ripken Jr. for instance, could take virtual cuts at pitches thrown in games.
2009.
During their 2009 playoff coverage, TBS displays their "PitchTrax" graphic full-time during at-bats (with the center field camera only) during the high-definition version of the broadcast in the extreme right-hand corner of the screen.
Meanwhile, for their own 2009 playoff coverage, Fox announced that they would occasionally include this stat on replays: Speed of pitches as they leave pitchers' hands as well as their speed when they cross home plate.
2010s.
2011.
With the start of the 2011 postseason, TBS planned to introduce the following
The screen on TBS's standard definition feed now airs a letterboxed version of the native HD feed to match Fox's default widescreen SD presentation, allowing the right side pitch tracking graphic to be seen by SD viewers.
For the 2011 World Series, Fox debuted infrared technology that's designed to pinpoint heat made by a ball making contact — with, say, bats, face masks, players' bodies — and mark the spot for viewers by making it glow. During Game 1, Fox used "Hot Spot" to show that a batted ball was fouled off Texas Rangers batter Adrián Beltré's foot.
2012.
Fox's 2012 World Series coverage would include a camera whose replays could generate as many as 20,000 frames per second, the most ever seen on Fox—and up from about 60 frames per second on regular replays. The camera would allow viewers "to see the ball compress" when batted, similar to how cameras now show golf balls getting compressed when struck. The technology for the camera originated with the U.S. military looking at replays of missile impacts.
2016.
At the beginning of the 2016 season, TBS introduced new graphics that were used all season including the postseason.
The score box, which was originally docked to the top and left edges of the screen, was completely redesigned for 2017 after much criticism during the 2016 postseason for its large size. Like the 2016 score bug, the current one still stands in the top left corner, only it is smaller.
2020s.
2020.
The 2020 season was delayed until July due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Fox soon announced that they would virtually fill the seats of Chicago's Wrigley Field, Los Angeles' Dodger Stadium, Washington's Nationals Park, San Diego's Petco Park and other ballparks that it broadcasts games over the next several weeks. Announcers later spent time explaining and demonstrating the use of virtual fans during the July 25 game between the Chicago Cubs-Milwaukee Brewers at Wrigley Field.

</doc>
<doc id="6936289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936289" title="Rîul Doamnei">
Rîul Doamnei



</doc>
<doc id="6936293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936293" title="A.S.D Pisoniano">
A.S.D Pisoniano



</doc>
<doc id="6936299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936299" title="Kansas city">
Kansas city



</doc>
<doc id="6936300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936300" title="Sorsogon Bay">
Sorsogon Bay

Sorsogon Bay is a bay in the Bicol Peninsula, located on Luzon island in the Philippines. It is completely surrounded by the province of Sorsogon. The municipalities of Pilar, Juban, Casiguran, Sorsogon City, Castilla and Magallanes are located along its shores.

</doc>
<doc id="6936304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936304" title="Yassa Povey">
Yassa Povey



</doc>
<doc id="6936307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936307" title="List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Palermo">
List of municipalities of the Metropolitan City of Palermo

The following is a list of the 82 municipalities ("comuni") of the Metropolitan City of Palermo in the region of Sicily in Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6936310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936310" title="Varieties of Modern Greek">
Varieties of Modern Greek

The linguistic varieties of Modern Greek can be classified along two principal dimensions. First, there is a long tradition of sociolectal variation between the natural, popular spoken language on the one hand and archaizing, learned written forms on the other. Second, there is regional variation between dialects. The competition between the popular and the learned registers (see Diglossia) culminated in the struggle between "Dimotiki" and "Katharevousa" during the 19th and 20th centuries. As for regional dialects, variation within the bulk of dialects of present-day Greece is not particularly strong, except for a number of outlying, highly divergent dialects spoken by isolated communities.
Diglossia.
Roots and history: Demotic and Katharevousa.
Ever since the times of Koiné Greek in Hellenistic and Roman antiquity, there was a competition between the naturally evolving spoken forms of Greek on the one hand, and the use of artificially archaic, learned registers on the other. The learned registers employed grammatical and lexical forms in imitation of classical Attic Greek (Atticism). This situation is known in modern linguistics as diglossia.
During the Middle Ages, Greek writing varied along a continuum between extreme forms of the high register very close to Attic, and moderate forms much closer to the spoken Demotic. According to Manolis Triantafyllides, the modern Greek language of the beginning of the 19th century, as used in the demotic poetry of the time, has very few grammatical differences from the vernacular language of the 15th century. During the early Modern Era, a middle-ground variety of moderately archaic written standard Greek emerged in the usage of educated Greeks (such as the Phanariots) and the Greek church; its syntax was essentially Modern Greek. After the Greek War of Independence and the formation of the modern Greek state (1830), a political effort was made to "purify" this form of Greek by bringing it back to resemble classical Attic Greek more closely. The result was Katharevousa (καθαρεύουσα, lit. 'the purifying one'), still a compromise form with basically Modern Greek syntax, but re-lexified with a much larger amount of Ancient Greek words and morphology. Katharevousa was used as an official language in administration, education, the church, journalism, and (until the late 19th century) in literature.
At the same time, spoken Demotic, while not recognised as an official language, nevertheless developed a supra-regional, de facto standard variety. From the late 19th century onwards, written Demotic rather than Katharevousa became the primary medium of literature. During much of the 20th century, there were heated political conflicts over the use of either of the two varieties, especially over the issue of their use in education. Schools were forced to switch from one form to the other and back several times during the 20th century. The conflict was resolved only after the overthrow of the Greek military junta of 1967–1974, whose strong ideological pro-Katharevousa stance had ultimately contributed to bringing that language form into disrepute. In 1976, shortly after the restoration of democracy, Demotic was finally adopted for use everywhere in education and became the language of the state for all official purposes. By that time, however, the form of Demotic used in practice was no longer the pure popular dialect, but had begun to assimilate elements from the Katharevousa tradition again. In 1982 diacritics were replaced by the "monotonic orthography".
Standard Modern Greek.
Modern linguistics has come to call the resulting variety "Standard Modern Greek" to distinguish it from the pure original Demotic of earlier literature and traditional vernacular speech. Greek authors sometimes use the term "Modern Greek Koiné" (), reviving the term "koiné" that otherwise refers to the "common" form of post-classical Ancient Greek; according to these scholars, Modern Greek Koiné is the "supra-dialect product of the composition of both the Demotic and Katharevousa." Indeed, Standard Modern Greek has incorporated a large amount of vocabulary from the learned tradition, especially through the registers of academic discourse, politics, technology and religion; together with these, it has incorporated a number of morphological features associated with their inflectional paradigms, as well as some phonological features not originally found in pure Demotic.
History of modern Greek dialects.
The first systematic scholarly treatment of the modern Greek dialects took place after the middle of the 19th century, mainly thanks to the work of the prominent Greek linguist Georgios Hadjidakis. The absence of descriptive accounts of the speech of individual regions made the efforts of the researchers of the 19th century more difficult. Therefore, the dialects' forms are known to us only during their last phase (from the middle of the 19th century, and until the panhellenic dominance of the Standard Modern Greek).
Initial dialect differentiation.
Modern linguistics is not in accord with the tendency of the 19th century scholars to regard modern Greek dialects as the direct descendants of the dialects of ancient Greek. According to the latest findings of scholarship, modern Greek dialects are products of the dialect differentiation of Koiné Greek, and, with the exception of Tsakonian and possibly Italiot Greek, they have no correlation with the ancient dialects.
It is difficult to monitor the evolution of Koiné Greek and its splitting into the modern Greek dialects; certain researchers make the hypothesis that the various local varieties were formed between the 10th and the 12th century (as part of an evolution starting a few centuries before), but it is difficult to draw some safer conclusions because of the absence of texts written in the vernacular language, when this initial dialect differentiation occurred. Very few paradigms of these local varieties are found in certain texts, which used mainly learned registers. The first texts written in modern Greek dialects appear during the Early Renaissance on the islands of Cyprus and Crete.
Historical literary dialects.
Before the establishment of a common written standard of Demotic Greek, there were various approaches to using regional variants of Demotic as a written language. Dialect is recorded in areas outside Byzantine control, first in legal and administrative documents, and then in poetry. The earliest evidence for literary dialects comes from areas under Latin control, notably from Cyprus, Crete, and the Aegean islands. From Cyprus under the Lusignan dynasty (the 14th to 16th centuries), legal documents, prose chronicles, and a group of anonymous love poems have survived. Dialect archives also survive from 15th century Naxos.
It is above all from the island of Crete, during the period of Venetian rule from 1204 until its capture by the Ottomans in 1669, that dialect can be illustrated more fully. Documents showing dialectal features exist from the end of the 12th century, rapidly increasing in number from the 13th century onward. During the Cretan Renaissance in the 16th and early 17th centuries there existed a flourishing vernacular literature in the Cretan dialect, based on Italian literary influences. Its best-known specimen today is the verse romance "Erotokritos", by Vitsentzos Kornaros (1553–1614).
Later, during the 18th and early 19th centuries, the Ionian Islands, then also under Italian rule, became a centre of literary production in Demotic Greek. The best-known writer from that period was the poet Dionysios Solomos (1789–1857), who wrote the Greek national anthem "(Hymn to Liberty)" and other works celebrating the Greek Revolution of 1821–1830. His language became influential on the further course of standardisation that led to the emergence of the modern standard form of Demotic, based on the south-western dialects.
Modern varieties.
Spoken modern vernacular Greek can be divided into various geographical varieties. There are a small number of highly divergent, outlying varieties spoken by relatively isolated communities, and a broader range of mainstream dialects less divergent from each other and from Standard Modern Greek, which cover most of the linguistic area of present-day Greece and Cyprus. Native Greek scholarship traditionally distinguishes between "dialects" proper (διάλεκτος), i.e. strongly marked, distinctive varieties, and mere "idioms" (ιδίωμα), less markedly distinguished sub-varieties of a language. In this sense, the term "dialect" is often reserved to only the main outlying forms listed in the next section (Tsakonian, Pontic, Cappadocian and Italiot), whereas the bulk of the mainstream spoken varieties of present-day Greece are classified as "idioms". However, most English-speaking linguists tend to refer to them as "dialects", emphasising degrees of variation only when necessary. The geographical varieties of Greek are divided into three main groups, Northern, Semi-Northern and Southern, based on whether they make synizesis and vowel elision:
Outlying varieties.
Tsakonian.
Tsakonian is a highly divergent variety, sometimes classified as a separate language because of not being intelligible to speakers of standard Greek. It is spoken in a small mountainous area slightly inland from the east coast of the Peloponnese peninsula. It is unique among all other modern varieties in that it is thought to derive not from the ancient Attic–Ionian Koiné, but from Doric or from a mixed form of a late, ancient Laconian variety of the Koiné influenced by Doric. It used to be spoken earlier in a wider area of the Peloponnese, including Laconia, the historical home of the Doric Spartans.
Pontic Greek.
Pontic Greek varieties are those originally spoken along the eastern Black Sea coast of Asia Minor, the historical region of Pontus in Turkey. From there, speakers of Pontic migrated to other areas along the Black Sea coast, in Ukraine (see Mariupol), Russia and Georgia. Through the forced population exchange after the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922) and the Treaty of Lausanne of 1923, the Pontic speakers of Turkey were expelled and moved to Greece. Of the Pontic speakers in the ex-Soviet Union, many have immigrated to Greece more recently. The number of Pontic Greeks currently maintaining the dialect is unclear. A small group of Muslim Pontic speakers remain in Turkey, although their varieties show heavy structural convergence towards Turkish.
Cappadocian Greek.
Other varieties of Anatolian Greek that were influenced by the Turkish language, besides Pontic, are now almost extinct, but were widely spoken until 1923 in central Turkey, and especially in Cappadocia. In 1923, all Orthodox Christian inhabitants of Asia Minor were forced to emigrate to Greece after the Greek genocide (1919–1921) during the Population exchange between Greece and Turkey. In 2005, professors Mark Janse and Dimitris Papazachariou discovered that there are still native speakers of the Mistiot dialect of Cappadocian in Central and Northern Greece. Cappadocian Greek diverged from the other Byzantine Greek varieties earlier, beginning with the Turkish conquests of central Anatolia in the 11th and 12th centuries, and so developed several radical features, such as the loss of the gender for nouns. Having been isolated from the crusader conquests (Fourth Crusade) and the later Venetian influence of the Greek coast, it retained the Ancient Greek terms for many words that were replaced with Romance ones in Demotic Greek. The poet Rumi, whose name means "Roman", referring to his residence amongst the "Roman" Greek speakers of Cappadocia, wrote a few poems in Cappadocian Greek, leaving one of the earliest attestations of the dialect.
Pharasiot Greek.
The Greek dialect spoken in Pharasa (Faraşa, now Çamlıca village in Yahyalı, Kayseri) and other nearby villages (Afshar-Köy, Çukuri), to the east of Cappadocia, is not particularly close to Cappadocian. It may be closer to Pontic, or equally distant from both. The Pharasiot priest Theodoridis published some folk texts. In 2018, Metin Bağrıaçık published a thesis on Pharasiot Greek, based on speakers remaining in Greece.
Silliot Greek.
The Greek dialect of Sille (near Iconium/Konya) was the most divergent of the varieties of Asia Minor Greek.
Italiot Greek.
Griko or Italiot Greek refers to the Greek varieties spoken in some areas of southern Italy, a historical remnant of the ancient colonisation of Magna Graecia. There are two small Griko-speaking communities known as the Griko people who live in the Italian regions of Calabria, the southern tip of the Italian peninsula, and in Apulia, its south-easternmost corner. These varieties too are believed to have developed on the basis of an originally Doric ancient dialect, and have preserved some elements of it, though to a lesser extent than Tsakonian. They subsequently adopted influences from ancient Koiné, but became isolated from the rest of the Greek-speaking world after the decline of Byzantine rule in Italy during the Middle Ages. Among their linguistic peculiarities, besides influences from Italian, is the preservation of the infinitive, which was lost in the modern Greek of the Balkans.
Mariupolitan.
Rumeíka (Ρωμαίικα) or Mariupolitan Greek is a dialect spoken in about 17 villages around the northern coast of the Sea of Azov in southern Ukraine. Mariupolitan Greek is closely related to Pontic Greek and evolved from the dialect of Greek spoken in the Crimea, which was a part of the Pontic Empire of Trebizond until that state fell to the Ottomans in 1461. Thereafter the Crimean region remained independent and continued to exist as the Greek Principality of Theodoro. The Greek speaking residents of the Crimea were invited by Catherine the Great to resettle in, and found, the new city of Mariupol after the Russo-Turkish War (1768–1774) to escape the then Muslim dominated Crimea. Its main features present certain similarities with both the Pontic (e.g. the lack of synizesis of "-ía, éa"), and the northern varieties of the core dialects (e.g. the northern vocalism).
Istanbul Greek.
Istanbul Greek is a dialect of Greek spoken in Istanbul, as well as by the Istanbul Greek emigre community in Athens. It is characterized by a high frequency of loanwords and grammatical structures imported from other languages, the main influences being Turkish, French, Italian and Armenian, while also preserving some archaic characteristics lost in other dialects. Speakers are noted for their production of dark L and postalveolar affricates.
Greco-Australian.
Greco-Australian is an Australian-based dialect of Greek that is spoken by the Greek diaspora of Australia, including Greek immigrants living in Australia and Australians of Greek descent.
Other outlying varieties.
In Asia Minor, Greek varieties existed not only in the broader area of Cappadocia, but also in the western coast. The most characteristic is the dialect of Smyrna which had a number of distinguishing features, such as certain differences in the accusative and genitive cases of the definite article; the Greek speakers of the area had also incorporated into their dialect many French words. Constantinopolitan Greek, on the other side, has very few dialectal features, and it is very close to what scholars call "Modern Greek Koiné."
Another Greek outlying dialect was spoken, until the mid-20th century, in Cargèse on Corsica, by descendants of 17th-century settlers from the Mani Peninsula. The dialect, which is now regarded as extinct, had preserved the main characteristics of the Mani dialect, and had been also influenced by both the Corsican and the French language (official language of the island after its union with France).
Core dialects.
Unlike the above, the varieties described below form a contiguous Greek-speaking area, which covers most of the territory of Greece. They represent the vast majority of Greek speakers today. As they are less divergent from each other and from the standard, they are typically classified as mere "idioms" rather than "dialects" by Greek authors, in the native Greek terminology.
The most prominent contrasts between the present-day dialects are found between northern and southern varieties. Northern varieties cover most of continental Greece down to the Gulf of Corinth, while the southern varieties are spoken in the Peloponnese peninsula and the larger part of the Aegean and Ionian islands, including the large southern islands of Crete and Cyprus. The most salient defining marker of the northern varieties is their treatment of unstressed vowels (so-called "northern vocalism"), while many southern varieties are characterised, among other things, by their palatalisation of velar consonants. Between these areas, in a contiguous area around the capital Athens (i.e. the regions of Attica and neighbouring parts of Boeotia, Euboia, the Peloponnese and nearby islands), there is a "dialectal void" where no distinctly marked traditional Greek dialects are found. This is due to the fact that these areas were once predominantly inhabited by speakers of Arvanitika Albanian. The Greek spoken in this area today is the product of convergence between varieties of migrants who moved to the capital and its surroundings from various other parts of the country, and it is close to the standard. On the whole, Standard Modern Greek is based predominantly on the southern dialects, especially those of the Peloponnese.
At the fringes of this former Arvanitika-speaking area, there were once some enclaves of highly distinct traditional Greek dialects, believed to have been remnants of a formerly contiguous Greek dialect area from the time before the Arvanitic settlement. These include the old local dialect of Athens itself ("Old Athenian"), that of Megara (to the west of Attica), of Kymi in Euboia and of the island of Aegina. These dialects are now extinct.
The following linguistic markers have been used to distinguish and classify the dialects of Greece. Many of these features are today characteristic only of the traditional rural vernaculars and may be socially stigmatised. Younger, urban speakers throughout the country tend to converge towards accents closer to the standard language, with Cyprus being an exception to this.

</doc>
<doc id="6936314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936314" title="Mezzanine level">
Mezzanine level



</doc>
<doc id="6936328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936328" title="Sadeque Hossain Khoka">
Sadeque Hossain Khoka

Sadeque Hossain Khoka (12 May 1952 – 4 November 2019) was a Bangladeshi politician. He served as the 2nd mayor of Dhaka City Corporation during 2002 to 2011. He was the vice chairman of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party and was President of undivided Dhaka city BNP for longest period of the organisation's existence.
Early life and career.
Khoka attended Dhaka University and completed M.A. in psychology. In 1971 at the age of 19 he fought in the Bangladesh Liberation War. After independence, he worked in organizing soccer, rising to the positions of General Secretary of the Dhaka Metropolitan Football Association and Joint General Secretary of the Bangladesh Football Federation. Khoka was the key person of the football club Brothers Union.
Khoka was first elected to the Jatiyo Sangshad (national legislature) in 1991. In the same year he was made State Minister of Youth and Sports. Khoka also won from his constituency in elections in 1996 and 2001. After Bangladesh Nationalist Party's victory in 2001, Khoka was made Cabinet Minister of Fisheries and Livestock. Being in the office, he fought the Dhaka City Corporation election for mayorship and won. He took office as the Mayor of Dhaka on 25 April 2002. He served as both Minister and Mayor till 2004 when he resigned from the ministry.
Khoka resigned from the mayoral duties of Dhaka on 29 November 2011, when the government passed a bill in parliament to split DCC (Dhaka City Corporation) into two parts and renamed them DCC North and DCC South.
In 2013, Khoka compared the crackdown on Hefazat protestors to the Pakistani crackdown on 25 March and Jalianwala Bagh massacres. In response, Detective Branch police raided the houses of Sadeque Hossain Khoka and Bangladesh Jatiya Party chairman Andaleeve Rahman Partha.
Family.
Khoka was married to Ismat Ara and had two sons and a daughter. His eldest son Ishraque Hossain is a politician and Bangladesh Nationalist Party candidate in 2018 Mayoral election in Dhaka. Another son Ishfaque Hossain is now a Bachelor level student from University of Hertfordshire. His daughter Sarika Sadeque is married to Ahmed Iftekhar, Son of Ahmad Nazir, Ex Parliament Member. Both of them pursued MBA degree from Durham University.
Death.
Khoka died from cancer on 4 November 2019 in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="6936334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936334" title="Dorsal columns">
Dorsal columns



</doc>
<doc id="6936335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936335" title="List of Schools in the Obion County School System">
List of Schools in the Obion County School System



</doc>
<doc id="6936338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936338" title="Louise Hawes">
Louise Hawes

Louise Hawes is an American academic and author of more than a dozen novels and several short story collections. She has served as Writer in Residence at the University of New Mexico and The Women's University of Mississippi, and as a John Grisham Visiting Writer at the University of Mississippi. She has been a guest lecturer at the University of South Florida, Staten Island College, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, Meredith College, and Duke University.
Winner of the New Jersey Author’s Award and two fellowships from the New Jersey Council on the Arts, Hawes helped found the nation's only MFA Program in Writing for Children and Young Adults at Vermont College, and currently teaches on the faculty there. Her appearances as guest author, lecturer, and teacher have included sessions for the American Library Association, the National Council of Teachers of English, Associated Writing Programs, and the U.S. Department of Education.
Works.
Her short fiction has been included in Prentice Hall's fiction text "The Reader Writes the Story" (1995), Simon &amp; Schuster's "Love and Sex: Ten Stories of Truth" (2001), "Such a Pretty Face" (Abrams, 2007), "Be Careful What You Wish For" (Scholastic, 2007), and "Things I'll Never Say, Short Stories about Our Secret Selves" (Candlewick/Walker Books, 2015). Individual stories have also appeared in the journals "Other Voices", "The Southerner", and "Pisgah Review".

</doc>
<doc id="6936344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936344" title="Sebeș (disambiguation)">
Sebeș (disambiguation)

Sebeș is a city in Alba County, Romania.
Sebes or variants may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936345" title="EHF European Cup">
EHF European Cup

The EHF European Cup is an annual men's handball club competition organised by the European Handball Federation (EHF). It is the third-tier competition of European club handball, after the EHF Champions League and the EHF European League. Founded in 1993 as the EHF City Cup, the competition was renamed the EHF Challenge Cup in 2000 before adopting its current name in 2020.
History.
Before 2000, it was called EHF City Cup. Currently, the EHF coefficient rank decides which teams have access and in which stage they enter.

</doc>
<doc id="6936351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936351" title="The vanishing prairie">
The vanishing prairie



</doc>
<doc id="6936376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936376" title="Nekemias arborea">
Nekemias arborea

Nekemias arborea, commonly known as pepper vine, is native to the Southeastern United States, Texas, and New Mexico. It spreads rapidly, climbing up trees and bushes. It prefers moist soils such as stream banks, and disturbed areas.
Description.
A deciduous to semi-evergreen vine that can be ground cover-like, but is often high-climbing and bushy. Grows 35 ft. or more.
Leaves are alternate, bi-pinnately divided and up to 6 inches long and wide. There are 1-3 pairs of leaflets. They are roughly ovate and coarsely toothed, dark green on the upper surface, lighter on the lower. Newly emerged leaves are purple-red and change to a light green to dark green as they reach mature size. Foliage turns pale yellow or red in fall. 
Flat-topped clusters of tiny, green flowers are followed by clusters of pea-sized, bluish-purple berries. Fruit fleshy, up to 5/8 inch in diameter, black and shiny when ripe. Fruit attractive to wildlife but possibly poisonous for humans.
Synonyms.
Its synonyms include: "Ampelopsis arborea" (L.) Koehne, "Ampelopsis bipinnata" Michx., "Ampelopsis pinnata" DC., "Cissus arborea" (L.) Des Moul., "Cissus bipinnata" Elliott, "Cissus orientalis" Lam., "Cissus stans" Pers., "Hedera arborea" (L.) Walter, "Nekemias bipinnata" Raf., "Vitis arborea" L., "Vitis bipinnata" Torr. &amp; A.Gray, and "Vitis orientalis" (Lam.) Boiss.
Cultivation.
"Nekemias arborea" is used as an ornamental plant in gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="6936379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936379" title="Henry P. Smith III">
Henry P. Smith III

Henry P. Smith III (September 29, 1911 – October 1, 1995) was an American politician and Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.
Smith was born in North Tonawanda, New York. He graduated from Dartmouth College in 1933 and Cornell Law School in 1936. He was mayor of North Tonawanda, New York from 1961 until 1963. He was elected to Congress in 1964 after William E. Miller gave up the seat to run as Barry Goldwater's running mate. He served from January 3, 1965, until he retired from Congress January 3, 1975 after opting not to seek re-election.
In 1965 he was the sole no vote on a bill to introduce penalties for any person who "knowingly destroys, knowingly mutilates" their draft card.
He is remembered, among other things, for suggesting during the Judiciary Committee hearing on Richard Nixon's impeachment in 1974 that the bombing of Cambodia be added to the articles of impeachment, and that if it were, he would support that article. After serving in Congress, Smith spent time as chairman of the United States section of the International Joint Commission and as executive director of the Association to Unite the Democracies.

</doc>
<doc id="6936380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936380" title="Albay Gulf">
Albay Gulf

Albay Gulf is a large gulf in the Bicol Peninsula of Luzon island in the Philippines.
Whale shark sightings.
The place has been one of the tourist spots in the province because of the frequent sightings of whale sharks (known as "butanding" in the local vernacular) in the coastal areas. The government has taken actions requesting concerned sectors to test whether the number of plankton, the whale shark's primary food source, was adequate for the species' sustenance. In 1997, whale sharks were sighted in the town of Donsol in Sorsogon. Their presence led to the town's receiving the moniker "whale shark capital of the world".

</doc>
<doc id="6936389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936389" title="Ampelopsis bipinnata">
Ampelopsis bipinnata



</doc>
<doc id="6936392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936392" title="François-Joseph de Chancel">
François-Joseph de Chancel



</doc>
<doc id="6936393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936393" title="Henry P. Smith">
Henry P. Smith



</doc>
<doc id="6936396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936396" title="Ampelopsis pinnata">
Ampelopsis pinnata



</doc>
<doc id="6936397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936397" title="Occupation of Bassarabia by the Soviet Union">
Occupation of Bassarabia by the Soviet Union



</doc>
<doc id="6936398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936398" title="Henry Smith III">
Henry Smith III



</doc>
<doc id="6936403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936403" title="Francois-Joseph de Chancel">
Francois-Joseph de Chancel



</doc>
<doc id="6936404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936404" title="Iona Township">
Iona Township

Iona Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936408" title="Francois Joseph de Chancel">
Francois Joseph de Chancel



</doc>
<doc id="6936415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936415" title="François-Joseph de Lagrange-Chancel">
François-Joseph de Lagrange-Chancel



</doc>
<doc id="6936417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936417" title="Gilău">
Gilău

Gilău may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936418" title="Beth Stolarczyk">
Beth Stolarczyk



</doc>
<doc id="6936419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936419" title="Cissus arborea">
Cissus arborea



</doc>
<doc id="6936421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936421" title="Francois-Joseph de Lagrange-Chancel">
Francois-Joseph de Lagrange-Chancel



</doc>
<doc id="6936422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936422" title="Holsavatnet">
Holsavatnet

Holsavatnet is a lake which lies in the municipality of Sunnfjord in Vestland county, Norway. The lake is located about east of the town of Førde and about east of the village of Bruland. The village of Holsen lies at the eastern end of the lake. The European route E39 highway passes west of the lake. The water from the lake eventually flows into the river Jølstra.

</doc>
<doc id="6936424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936424" title="Island Lake Township">
Island Lake Township



</doc>
<doc id="6936426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936426" title="Cissus bipinnata">
Cissus bipinnata



</doc>
<doc id="6936428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936428" title="Francois Joseph de Lagrange-Chancel">
Francois Joseph de Lagrange-Chancel



</doc>
<doc id="6936431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936431" title="Cissus orientalis">
Cissus orientalis



</doc>
<doc id="6936438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936438" title="Cissus stans">
Cissus stans



</doc>
<doc id="6936439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936439" title="The Watson Report">
The Watson Report

The Watson Report was a Canadian current affairs television series, seen nationally on CBC from 1975 to 1981. The titular host was Patrick Watson, previously of "This Hour Has Seven Days" whose interviews for the show included national political leaders. More elaborate filmed features appeared in "The Watson Report" during its later years.

</doc>
<doc id="6936442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936442" title="Hedera arborea">
Hedera arborea



</doc>
<doc id="6936449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936449" title="Nekemias bipinnata">
Nekemias bipinnata



</doc>
<doc id="6936456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936456" title="Vitis arborea">
Vitis arborea



</doc>
<doc id="6936463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936463" title="WV 84">
WV 84



</doc>
<doc id="6936465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936465" title="List of english pokemon games">
List of english pokemon games



</doc>
<doc id="6936466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936466" title="Vitis bipinnata">
Vitis bipinnata



</doc>
<doc id="6936469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936469" title="CTX scandal">
CTX scandal



</doc>
<doc id="6936470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936470" title="François-Joseph Fetis">
François-Joseph Fetis



</doc>
<doc id="6936475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936475" title="Cievra Autogiro">
Cievra Autogiro



</doc>
<doc id="6936477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936477" title="Vitis orientalis">
Vitis orientalis



</doc>
<doc id="6936480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936480" title="Sockdologer">
Sockdologer



</doc>
<doc id="6936481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936481" title="Corruption in Suvarnabhumi Airport">
Corruption in Suvarnabhumi Airport



</doc>
<doc id="6936483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936483" title="Francois-Joseph Fétis">
Francois-Joseph Fétis



</doc>
<doc id="6936484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936484" title="Aleksei Gritsai">
Aleksei Gritsai

Aleksei Mikhailovich Gritsai (; 7 March 1914 – 6 May 1998) was a Soviet and Russian artist. From 1924 to 1931 he studied in Leningrad in the studios of S.M. Zaidenberg and from 1932 to 1939 at the Academy of Arts under P. S. Naumov, Vasily Yakovlev, and Isaak Brodsky.
Gritsai became best known as a landscape painter with a deep appreciation for the power of nature to provide inspiration for humanity. He believed that since humans are a part of nature they can find joy and consolation through positive interaction with it. Due to the reduced mobility brought by sickness at the end of his life, he was unable to work directly in nature and had to rely on his memory. Because of this, much of his final work is imbued with the poignancy of reminiscence.
Gritsai was a People's Artist of the USSR (; 1974), an academician of the USSR Academy of Arts (1964), the laureate of two Stalin Prizes (1951 and 1952) and one USSR State Prize (1978).

</doc>
<doc id="6936490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936490" title="Virginia State Route 84">
Virginia State Route 84

State Route 84 (SR 84) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. Known as Mill Gap Road, the state highway runs from the West Virginia state line near Mill Gap, where the highway continues west as West Virginia Route 84 (WV 84), east to U.S. Route 220 (US 220) at Vanderpool.
Route description.
SR 84 begins at the top of Allegheny Mountain, which coincides with the Virginia – West Virginia state line and the Eastern Continental Divide. The highway continues west as WV 84, which descends the west side of the mountain to its terminus at WV 92 in Frost. The state highway passes through a pair of hairpin turns as it descends to Townsend Draft. At the draft's mouth at Back Creek, SR 84 turns north and follows Back Creek to Mill Gap, where the highway turns east and follows East Back Creek through its water gap between Little Mountain and Lantz Mountain. The state highway turns north and follows the valley through the hamlet of Mill Gap to Meadowdale. There, SR 84 turns east and follows the Jackson River through Vanderpool Gap between Monterey Mountain and Back Creek Mountain to its eastern terminus at US 220 (Jackson River Road) in the hamlet of Vanderpool south of the Highland County seat of Monterey.
History.
Until 1933, SR 84 was part of State Route 39. It became State Route 271 in the 1933 renumbering, and in the 1940 renumbering it was renumbered State Route 84 to match West Virginia Route 84.
Although SR 39 was defined (as SR 9) in 1918, its location west of Monterey was not finalized to follow the present SR 84 until 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="6936491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936491" title="Bednář">
Bednář

Bednář (feminine: Bednářová) is a Czech surname.Bednár (feminine: Bednárová) is a Slovak surname. Both are meaning 'cooper'. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6936497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936497" title="Haqeeqat (book)">
Haqeeqat (book)

Haqeeqat (हक़ीक़त, meaning "reality", from the Arabic word Haqq) is the Hindi translation of a controversial book by a Kerala, India-based Christian evangelist M.G. Mathew. It was translated by Daniel Nathaniel, associated with Emmanuel Mission International (EMI). The book was written as an answer to the book "Bunch of Thoughts", authored by M. S. Golwalkar, the late leader of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.The book is widely regarded as an anti-Hindu book.
The Government of Rajasthan received complaints that the book ridiculed Hindu and Jain deities and beliefs. After examining the contents of the book, the government decided to ban it, as it felt that the book could incite communal violence.
EMI's founder, M.A. Thomas, and his son, Samuel Thomas, went into hiding as the police searched for them. Joseph D'souza, president of All India Christian Council (AICC) has stated that "They Bharatiya Janata Party, the party ruling Rajasthan have declared that they would make tribal areas of Rajasthan Christian-free and are working hard on it."
Hopegivers International, one of the largest Christian ministries in India, has approached the US State Department, US senators, and Christian friends in Washington DC, after Samuel Thomas’s arrest on March 16.
Kanchan Gupta has condemned the book as an "anti-Hindu diatribe". He says:

</doc>
<doc id="6936498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936498" title="EHF Women's European Cup">
EHF Women's European Cup

The Women's EHF European Cup is an annual team handball competition for women's clubs of Europe. It was known as the EHF City Cup until the 1999–2000 season and the EHF Challenge Cup until the 2019–20 season. It is currently the third-tier competition of European club handball.

</doc>
<doc id="6936503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936503" title="Keating Township">
Keating Township



</doc>
<doc id="6936504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936504" title="Virginia State Highway 84">
Virginia State Highway 84



</doc>
<doc id="6936505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936505" title="Route 84 (Virginia)">
Route 84 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6936508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936508" title="All-dome">
All-dome



</doc>
<doc id="6936510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936510" title="Dragon sword and wind child">
Dragon sword and wind child



</doc>
<doc id="6936513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936513" title="State Route 84 (Virginia 1940)">
State Route 84 (Virginia 1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6936514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936514" title="State Route 271 (Virginia pre-1940)">
State Route 271 (Virginia pre-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6936517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936517" title="State Route 271 (Virginia 1933-1940)">
State Route 271 (Virginia 1933-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6936518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936518" title="Alldome">
Alldome



</doc>
<doc id="6936519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936519" title="State Route 271 (Virginia 1933)">
State Route 271 (Virginia 1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6936525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936525" title="Sibuguey Bay">
Sibuguey Bay

Sibuguey Bay or Sibugay Bay is a large bay of the Moro Gulf, situated off the southwestern coast of Mindanao Island in the Philippines.
The bay bounds the southern coast of the Zamboanga Peninsula. Along with the Moro Gulf, the bay forms part of the Celebes Sea.
Fishing.
The bay supports one of Philippines' richest fish population. It is estimated to supply fish for the 330,000 Sibugaynons inhabiting the area. However, the introduction of new fishing gears, the use of dynamite and the rapid destruction of mangroves have all contributed to a drastic decline in the bay's fish population. The quantity of fish caught by an individual fisherman had dropped ten times below the former quantity.

</doc>
<doc id="6936536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936536" title="Prandtl–Meyer expansion fan">
Prandtl–Meyer expansion fan

A supersonic expansion fan, technically known as Prandtl–Meyer expansion fan, a two-dimensional simple wave, is a centered expansion process that occurs when a supersonic flow turns around a convex corner. The fan consists of an infinite number of Mach waves, diverging from a sharp corner. When a flow turns around a smooth and circular corner, these waves can be extended backwards to meet at a point. 
Each wave in the expansion fan turns the flow gradually (in small steps). It is physically impossible for the flow to turn through a single "shock" wave because this would violate the second law of thermodynamics. 
Across the expansion fan, the flow accelerates (velocity increases) and the Mach number increases, while the static pressure, temperature and density decrease. Since the process is isentropic, the stagnation properties (e.g. the total pressure and total temperature) remain constant across the fan.
The theory was described by Theodor Meyer on his thesis dissertation in 1908, along with his advisor Ludwig Prandtl, who had already discussed the problem a year before.
Flow properties.
The expansion fan consists of an infinite number of expansion waves or Mach lines. The first Mach line is at an angle formula_1 with respect to the flow direction, and the last Mach line is at an angle formula_2 with respect to final flow direction. Since the flow turns in small angles and the changes across each expansion wave are small, the whole process is isentropic. This simplifies the calculations of the flow properties significantly. Since the flow is isentropic, the stagnation properties like stagnation pressure (formula_3), stagnation temperature (formula_4) and stagnation density (formula_5) remain constant. The final static properties are a function of the final flow Mach number (formula_6) and can be related to the initial flow conditions as follows, where formula_7 is the heat capacity ratio of the gas (1.4 for air):
The Mach number after the turn (formula_6) is related to the initial Mach number (formula_10) and the turn angle (formula_11) by,
where, formula_13 is the Prandtl–Meyer function. This function determines the angle through which a sonic flow (M = 1) must turn to reach a particular Mach number (M). Mathematically,
By convention, formula_15
Thus, given the initial Mach number (formula_16), one can calculate formula_17 and using the turn angle find formula_18. From the value of formula_18 one can obtain the final Mach number (formula_20) and the other flow properties. The velocity field in the expansion fan, expressed in polar coordinates formula_21 are given by
formula_23 is the specific enthalpy and formula_24 is the stagnation specific enthalpy.
Maximum turn angle.
As Mach number varies from 1 to formula_25, formula_26 takes values from 0 to formula_27, where
This places a limit on how much a supersonic flow can turn through, with the maximum turn angle given by,
One can also look at it as follows. A flow has to turn so that it can satisfy the boundary conditions. In an ideal flow, there are two kinds of boundary condition that the flow has to satisfy,
If the flow turns enough so that it becomes parallel to the wall, we do not need to worry about pressure boundary condition. However, as the flow turns, its static pressure decreases (as described earlier). If there is not enough pressure to start with, the flow won't be able to complete the turn and will not be parallel to the wall. This shows up as the maximum angle through which a flow can turn. The lower the Mach number is to start with (i.e. small formula_10), the greater the maximum angle through which the flow can turn.
The streamline which separates the final flow direction and the wall is known as a slipstream (shown as the dashed line in the figure). Across this line there is a jump in the temperature, density and tangential component of the velocity (normal component being zero). Beyond the slipstream the flow is stagnant (which automatically satisfies the velocity boundary condition at the wall). In case of real flow, a shear layer is observed instead of a slipstream, because of the additional no-slip boundary condition.

</doc>
<doc id="6936547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936547" title="Andrew Broaddus">
Andrew Broaddus

Andrew Broaddus (May 15, 1900 – September 7, 1972) was mayor of Louisville, Kentucky, from December 1953 to December 1957.
Life.
He was born and died in Louisville. After serving in the Navy during World War I he attended Centre College in nearby Danville, Kentucky, but did not graduate, leaving after two years in 1921 to work in his family's laundry business, becoming vice president of it by 1930.
He was elected to the Board of Aldermen in 1933 as a Democrat, and mayor in 1953. His administration is remembered for the Mallon Plan, a failed attempt to annex large portions of Jefferson County, which were beginning to develop quickly as suburbs of Louisville. He also signed an order officially ending racial segregation in Louisville's public parks and pools in 1955.
After his term as mayor, he served as chairman of the Urban Renewal Advisory Committee under mayor Bruce Hoblitzell, and city civil-defense director under Frank W. Burke starting in 1969. He died of a heart attack in 1972 and is buried in Cave Hill Cemetery.
The "Mayor Andrew Broaddus" a lifesaving station, is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6936552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936552" title="Full-dome">
Full-dome



</doc>
<doc id="6936555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936555" title="Full-dome video">
Full-dome video



</doc>
<doc id="6936558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936558" title="Illana Bay">
Illana Bay

Illana Bay, also known as Iranun Bay, is a large bay of the Moro Gulf, off the southwestern coast of Mindanao island in the Philippines.
Illana Bay and Moro Gulf form part of the Celebes Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="6936562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936562" title="2006 Gulf of Mexico earthquake">
2006 Gulf of Mexico earthquake

The 2006 Gulf of Mexico earthquake occurred in the eastern Gulf of Mexico on September 10 at . The intraplate earthquake measured 5.9 on the moment magnitude scale and its epicenter was located about west-southwest of Anna Maria, Florida. The event was felt throughout much of the Gulf Coast of the United States and was the second earthquake of magnitude 5 or greater in the Gulf during 2006. Felt intensities, as measured on the Mercalli intensity scale, were as high as IV ("Light") in Florida, with parts of Georgia at III ("Weak").
Characteristics.
The quake was reportedly felt along the gulf coast and as far north as Georgia. The earthquake was the strongest in the Gulf of Mexico in 33 years and was an intraplate earthquake, an event that takes place away from the borders of tectonic plates (where most tectonic activity takes place). Earthquakes in the Southeastern United States are not common, but several strong events have occurred in the region. In 1879 close to St. Augustine, Florida, an earthquake damaged plaster and forced dishes off counters, and in South Carolina the 1886 Charleston earthquake caused severe damage and was responsible for the deaths of sixty people.
The event occurred near the Cuba Fracture Zone and was well away from the edge of the North American plate. Randy Cox, an associate professor of earth science at the University of Memphis in Tennessee stated that the source of strain was the Mid-Atlantic Ridge, where seafloor spreading was causing compression of the North American plate. A magnitude 5.2 event in February 2006 may have been associated with the same fault zone.
The epicenter of the earthquake was too far offshore for it to be well covered by onshore seismographs and the event's characteristics are therefore poorly constrained. The focal mechanism indicated reverse faulting. The focal depth of between 14–31 km show that it occurred within the seismogenic zone, rather than on any of the many shallow growth faults in the area. The earthquake led to a reassessment of the geohazard for hydrocarbon exploration and production facilities in the Gulf.
Several thousand people reported the event to the United States Geological Survey but none reported any damage from the 20 second earthquake. Items were knocked from shelves and seiches were observed in swimming pools in parts of Florida where felt intensities were reported as high as IV, including Orlando in Central Florida, Brooksville on the west coast, Titusville on the east coast, and Panama City in the panhandle. In Atlanta, Georgia, the intensity was reported to be at level III.

</doc>
<doc id="6936570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936570" title="All-dome video">
All-dome video



</doc>
<doc id="6936577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936577" title="Lower genitourinary tract">
Lower genitourinary tract



</doc>
<doc id="6936580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936580" title="WGB">
WGB

WGB may be:

</doc>
<doc id="6936583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936583" title="Paul Hubschmid">
Paul Hubschmid

Paul Hubschmid (; 20 July 1917 – 1 January 2002) was a Swiss actor. He was most notable for his role as Henry Higgins in the German stage production of "My Fair Lady". In his Hollywood films he was billed as Paul Christian. He appeared in dozens of films and television series between 1938 and 1992, many of which were German and International productions.
Life.
Childhood, Youth, Education.
Hubschmid's parents were Paul Hubschmid Snr., a canteen manager at the Bally shoe factory in Schönenwerd, and Alice Noël, daughter of a chef and a journalist. She wrote for the Aargauer Tagblatt and later managed an advice column for the Swiss magazine femina. Hubschmid studied acting for two years at the Max Reinhardt Seminar in Vienna. To finance his studies, his mother requested a scholarship from Iwan Bally, the Swiss co-owner of the Bally shoe company.
First Roles.
After completing his training, Hubschmid made his stage debut at the German Volkstheater in Vienna. He then performed at the Theater in Josefstadt and went on to appear in Berlin, Düsseldorf, and Frankfurt. In 1938, Hubschmid landed his first film role, in the Swiss feature "Fusilier Wipf". His portrayal of the title character, recruit “Füsilier Wipf”, made the 21-year-old Hubschmid famous in Switzerland.
Working in Germany During World War II.
As a Swiss citizen in Germany during the Nazi regime, where all movie production was controlled by the government, Hubschmid acted in State Films (Staatsauftragsfilme). As a result, after the war, he was unable to secure roles in Switzerland. He later wrote in his memoir that he was ashamed not to have drawn clearer conclusions in view of the "atrocities of the Nazi regime" and that it was "explainable at most by my youth and my Swiss passport".
Private Life.
In 1941, Hubschmid married actress Ursula von Teubern in Vienna. In January 1945, their son (Peter Christian Hubschmid) was born in Bad Ischl, far from the war, where Hubschmid was making a romantic comedy. After the death of his wife in 1963, Hubschmid remarried. He wed actress Eva Renzi in 1967, and adopted her daughter Anouschka. The couple divorced in 1980. Hubschmid married a third time, in 1985 to actress Irène Schiesser (1950–2018), with whom he lived until his death.
Hollywood career.
In 1948, Hubschmid signed a five-year contract with Universal Pictures. He was billed as Paul Christian, owing to concerns that his real name was not marketable in the U.S.
With his stature and striking looks, Christian played heroes and romantic leads. His first Hollywood starring role was alongside Maureen O'Hara and Vincent Price in "Bagdad". He also starred in The Thief of Venice, filmed on location, and worked with director Don Siegel on the comedy "No Time for Flowers", filmed in Vienna.
Upon returning to Hollywood, Christian starred in the science-fiction film "The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms", based on the story by Ray Bradbury. The film became a cult classic and was one of the first movies to feature stop-motion animation by Ray Harryhausen.
Return to Europe.
In 1953, his Universal contract at an end, Hubschmid returned to Germany, resumed his real name, and took on leading roles opposite Marika Rökk in "Mask in Blue" and Lilo Pulver in "The Zürich Engagement". He was considered the “handsomest man in post-war German cinema.”
Hubschmid starred in Fritz Lang's heavily revised remake of two classic silent films he originally conceived and co-wrote with Thea von Harbou. With "The Tiger of Eschnapur" and "The Indian Tomb", Hubschmid achieved international fame.
In 1961, he was cast as Professor Higgins in the German premiere of "My Fair Lady" at the Theater des Westens in Berlin. The role became his most iconic performance, and he played it over 2000 times. He called it the “greatest stroke of luck” in his stage career.
Later Career and Legacy.
Into the early 1990s, Hubschmid worked in film and television, appearing in numerous European productions and also in British and American films including "Funeral in Berlin" and "Skullduggery". His performances remained highly regarded, and his deep, resonant voice made him a sought-after narrator for documentaries and roles in plays produced for radio.
In recognition of his contributions to cinema and theatre, Hubschmid was awarded the Filmband in Gold in 1980.
Final Years and Death.
Hubschmid retired from acting in 1993 at the age of 76. In his final years, he battled numerous health issues, most notably Parkinson’s Disease. He died on January 1, 2002, as a result of a pulmonary embolism. His ashes were reportedly scattered in Provence.

</doc>
<doc id="6936586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936586" title="Harry Chandler">
Harry Chandler

Harry Chandler (May 17, 1864 – September 23, 1944) was an American newspaper publisher and investor.
Early life.
Harry Chandler was born in Landaff, New Hampshire, the eldest of four siblings born to Emma Jane ( Little) and Moses Knight Chandler. He attended Dartmouth College, and on a dare, he jumped into a vat of starch that had frozen over during winter, which led to severe pneumonia. He withdrew from Dartmouth and moved to Los Angeles for his health.
Career.
In Los Angeles, while working in the fruit fields, he started a small delivery company that soon became responsible for also delivering many of the city's morning newspapers, which put him in contact with the publisher of the "Los Angeles Times", Harrison Gray Otis, who liked the entrepreneurial young man and hired him as the "Times"’ general manager. Harry married Otis's daughter, Marian Otis, in 1894, two years after the death of his first wife. The couple had six children together and also raised two daughters from Harry's first marriage. Upon Otis's death in 1917, Harry took over the reins as publisher of the "Times" and transformed it into the leading newspaper in the West and at times the most successful. For three straight years in the 1920s, under his leadership, the "Times" led all other American newspapers in advertising space and in number of classified advertisements.
As a community builder and large-scale real estate speculator, he became arguably the leading citizen of Los Angeles in the first half of the 20th century. Chandler was directly involved with helping to found the following: the Los Angeles Coliseum (and bringing the 1932 Summer Olympics to L.A.), the Biltmore Hotel, the Douglas Aircraft Company, the Hollywood Bowl, The Ambassador Hotel, the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), the Automobile Club of Southern California, KHJ radio station, Trans World Airlines, the San Pedro Harbor, the Los Angeles Athletic Club, the California Club, The Pacific Electric Cars, the Los Angeles Art Association, the Santa Anita Park racetrack, the Los Angeles Steamship Company, the Ahwahnee Hotel in Yosemite National Park, and the restoration of downtown's Olvera Street.
As a real estate investor, he was a partner in syndicates that owned and developed much of the San Fernando Valley and the Hollywood Hills (Hollywoodland). The Hollywoodland sign was used to promote the development. Chandler's other real estate projects included Mulholland Drive, much of Dana Point, the Tejon Ranch (281,000 acres (1,140 km2) in Southern California), the Vermejo Park Ranch (340,000 acres (1,400 km2) in New Mexico), and the C&amp;M ranch (832,000 acres (3,370 km2) in northern Baja, Mexico). At one point, those investments made him the largest private landowner in the United States, and he was meanwhile an officer or director in 35 corporations, including oil, shipping, and banking, or other California corporations.
Chandler was a notable supporter of eugenics during his time as president of the "Los Angeles Times" and was a member of the Human Betterment Foundation, an organization that was headed by Ezra Gosney.
A proclamation prepared for a Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce Dinner - Honoring Harry Chandler (1931) included this excerpt:At six feet two, Chandler was a big man, and many stories were told of his prowess in delivering papers, tussling with trade unionists, or pitching hay on one of his many ranches. A Congregationalist in religion, he abstained from alcohol, lived frugally, and commuted by foot whenever possible. His favorite charity was the Salvation Army. He was an indefatigable worker and forthright in his editorial positions. For his comments on the court decisions in certain labor cases still in the process of appeal, he was found guilty in 1938 on two counts of contempt of court but this conviction was overturned by the United States Supreme Court. For their role in the decision, Chandler and the Times won their first Pulitzer Prize.
Personal life.
On February 6, 1888, Harry married Magdalena Schlador, whose brother worked at the "Los Angeles Times". They had a daughter, Francesca, born April 7, 1890, and a second daughter, Alice May, born July 24, 1892. Magdalena, whom Harry called "May," died at age 29 of puerperal fever two weeks after Alice May's birth on August 4, 1892.
Chandler went on to marry Marian Otis in 1894. Francesca and Alice May were soon joined by Constance (born March 19, 1896), Ruth (October 15, 1897), Norman (September 14, 1899), Harrison Gray Otis (February 12, 1904) and the twins Helen and Philip (born February 17, 1907).
His mansion in Los Feliz was owned many years later by Father Yod, and used by Yod's The Source Family".
Death and legacy.
Chandler died on September 23, 1944, from a heart attack. He and Marian are buried at Hollywood Forever Cemetery on Santa Monica Boulevard. Harrison Gray Otis's memorial is nearby. Harry's oldest son, Norman Chandler, took charge of the "Los Angeles Times" after Harry's death.
Chandler Boulevard, a major street in the San Fernando Valley, is named after Harry Chandler.
A dining hall was named in his honor at the California Institute of Technology in 1960. Sixty-one years later, the Caltech Board of Trustees voted in 2021 to have Chandler's name removed from the building for his involvement with the Human Betterment Foundation. The dining hall was officially renamed in November 2021 to honor the educator Lee F. Browne.

</doc>
<doc id="6936588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936588" title="Bruno Global">
Bruno Global



</doc>
<doc id="6936594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936594" title="Ned Goldreyer">
Ned Goldreyer

Ned Charles Goldreyer is a television writer and producer who lives in Los Angeles.
Career.
He began his career as a freelance writer for "Politically Incorrect" and went on to join the staffs of "Late Night with Conan O'Brien", "The Simpsons", "Dilbert", "Grounded for Life", "Twins", "Lewis Black's Root of All Evil", "Jonas", and "Totally Biased with W. Kamau Bell".
Filmography.
Writer:
Producer:

</doc>
<doc id="6936598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936598" title="F visa">
F visa

In the United States, the F visas are a type of non-immigrant student visa that allows foreigners to pursue education (academic studies and/or language training programs) in the United States. F-1 students must maintain a full course of study. F-1 visas are only issued in U.S. embassies and consulates, although extensions of stay and changes of status may be possible within the United States. Prospective F-1 students must apply to a school and receive a form I-20 in order to apply for an F-1 visa. F-1 students must show that they are able to support themselves during their stay in the U.S., as their opportunities for legal employment are quite limited. F-2 visas are given to dependents of an F-1 student. F-2 visa-holders are prohibited from any form of compensated employment. However, minor children may attend public schools. Finally, the F-3 visa is issued to Canadians and Mexicans who commute across the border to attend American schools.
Types.
There are three types of F visas,
Role of the educational institution.
To pursue studies in F status at a college, university, or vocational school, it is necessary that the institution be a participant in the Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP). An institution can acquire SEVP certification by filing Form I-17 with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (this is a one-time process). An institution can be SEVP-certified despite not holding national or regional accreditation. Conversely, an institution may hold national or regional accreditation but may have chosen not to obtain SEVP certification if it does not intend to admit international students in the F, J, or M status.
A large university typically has an international office that manages its participation in the SEVP, and all the designated school officials (DSOs) work for this office. The international office manages updates to the Student and Exchange Visitor Information System (SEVIS) record for students and issuing of new Form I-20s. Students who have any change to their plans (such as program end date, course load, leave of absence, return from leave of absence) must communicate these changes with their international office.
High schools.
It is possible to obtain an F-1 visa to pursue studies at a secondary school (grades 9-12). As is the case with other institutions, the secondary school must be SEVP-certified. The school may be a public (government-funded) school or a private school. In the case of a public school, the student may attend for a maximum period of 12 months and must reimburse the school for the full per-capita cost of attendance. Neither of these requirements apply for students attending private schools.
Acquiring student status.
Issuance of first Form I-20.
Once the prospective student has accepted the institution's offer of admission, the institution issues a Form I-20 to the student.
Apart from biographical information about the student (including the student's name, date of birth, citizenship, etc.), there are two main pieces of information that must be entered in the student's SEVIS record and the initial Form I-20.
Each international office may follow its own rules or guidelines regarding the type of documentation it requests from the student or from other departments in order to be able to issue the I-20. The jargon used for this documentation will also vary by institution. For instance, the University of Chicago and University of Michigan uses the term "Financial Resources Statement" for the statement that students need to submit to it regarding how they will meet their expenses, while the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign uses the term "Declaration &amp; Certification of Finances for I-20/DS-2019 Application".
After receiving information from the student and institution regarding the program length and end date, the international office creates the student's SEVIS record, gets a SEVIS number for the student, and issues a Form I-20. A physical copy of the form may be mailed to the student overseas. In the case that the student has a SEVIS record from previous student status, the existing SEVIS record should be transferred.
The international office may refuse to issue a Form I-20 if the student is unable to demonstrate how he or she plans to cover expenses for the first year.
Payment of fees.
In order to transition to student status, the prospective student must pay a one-time SEVIS fee using Form I-901. This fee applies both to people who are not currently in the United States (and need a visa) and to those who plan to change status using Form I-539.
Application.
The application process for a F visa varies depending upon whether the student is outside of the United States, or already present within the United States.
Application from Outside of the US.
Student who are outside of the United States, must apply for a student visa (F or M). The visa interview must be scheduled fewer than 120 days prior to the start date indicated on the Form I-20.
At the time of initial entry, the officer at the port of entry checks that the program start date is at most 30 days ahead, and that the I-20 has a valid travel signature. It is also necessary that, at the time of initial entry, the school the student intends to attend matches the school on the student's visa and the student's I-20, though this is not a requirement in the future. The officer at the port of entry also issues a Form I-94 with expiration date indicated as "D/S" (Duration of Status), which means that the student is in authorized status in the United States until the program end date indicated on the I-20 (and can stay in the United States for up to 60 days after that).
Change of status from within the US.
If the student is already in the United States in another status, it may be possible to change status using Form I-539. However, there are many limitations. For instance, the process generally takes 3–6 months, which can be considerably longer than traveling outside the United States and getting a new visa.
For those who entered the United States using a B visa, having an annotation on the visa saying that the entrant is a "Prospective Student" is generally a prerequisite for the Form I-539 application to be accepted.
In general, the USCIS does not approve transition to student status with a start date more than 30 days prior to the program start date. Therefore, applications where the applicant's current status expires more than 30 days before the start date of their program are likely to be rejected.
Transfer to another institution.
Students who transfer from one educational institution to another do not need to file Form I-539 or pay the SEVIS fee again. They can also re-enter on a student visa for a previous institution as long as the visa is still valid.
Reporting arrival.
In order to maintain legal student status, the student is required to report to the international office at his/her institution about his/her successful arrival, along with all the relevant documentation (Form I-20, passport, visa, Form I-94). The international office in turn updates the student's SEVIS record indicating that the student has reported for studies.
Maintaining student status.
"D/S" annotation on Form I-94.
The Form I-94 that is issued to F-1 students upon arrival is generally annotated "D/S" indicating duration of status, which means that the student can stay in the United States as long as they are in valid student status. In addition, there is a grace period of 60 days after the completion of studies to depart the United States.
The exception to "D/S" is in cases where the student's documentation is not considered complete or satisfactory by the officer at the port of entry. In this case, the expiration date on the Form I-94 is listed as thirty days from the present date, and the student is issued Form I-515A, indicating what information was missing from the student's documentation. The student must contact his or her international office for help with obtaining the correct documentation.
Conditions for being in valid student status.
Under ordinary conditions (i.e., unless any exceptions apply) a student must, in order to maintain valid student status:
Full course load requirement.
The SEVIS regulations stipulate one requirement for staying in status as being that the student must maintain a full course load, defined as 12 or more credit hours for credit-bearing schools and 18 or more contact hours for intensive English program enrollment. However, the precise translation of the requirement in terms of the structure of courses at a particular institution may vary by institution.
The following are the accepted reasons for having a reduced course load in a given quarter or semester:
Reduced Course Load must be applied for in advance so that the SEVIS record can be updated and a new Form I-20 noting the Reduced Course Load can be issued.
On August 27, 2002, an Interim Final Rule was issued extending Reduced Course Load to border commuter students (one of the measures that was part of the introduction of the F-3 status); this was a complementary measure to the phasing out of the use of B visas for study.
Employment.
Unless approved for practical training, a person in student status may only engage in on-campus employment. On-campus employment may include:
There are also limits on the amount of time a student may engage in on-campus employment. While school is in session, this can be no more than 20 hours per week. While school is out of session, there are no restrictions on the amount of work.
There are two primary ways a person in student status may be able to legally qualify for off-campus employment, namely Curricular Practical Training and Optional Practical Training. Both of these need to be approved by the institution and included in the student's SEVIS record and Form I-20. Within Optional Practical Training, there is both pre-completion and post-completion Optional Practical Training.
A student in F-1 status is not allowed to engage in on-campus employment during the 60-day grace period after completion of studies. Moreover, while the student is on post-completion Optional Practical Training, the student can only engage in the type of employment permitted by that Optional Practical training, and therefore cannot engage in arbitrary on-campus work.
An F-1 student who experiences severe economic hardship due to unforeseen circumstances beyond the student's control, the student may request employment authorization to work off-campus under certain circumstances. Examples of unforeseen circumstances that may be eligible include loss of financial aid due to no fault of the student, loss of on-campus employment through no fault of the student, substantial fluctuations in currency value or exchange rate, inordinate increases in tuition or living costs, unexpected changes in the financial condition of the student's source of support, and substantial unexpected medical bills. The student must have been in F-1 status for one full academic year, be a student in good standing, and be carrying a full course of study. Off-campus employment must not interfere with the student's full-time studies and the employment is necessary to avoid severe economic hardship. A student experiencing such a severe economic hardship due to unforeseen circumstances may request employment authorization by sending Form I-765, a copy of the student's Form I-20 including the employment page completed by the designated school official, and documentation of the severe economic hardship due to unforeseen circumstances to U.S Citizenship and Immigration Services. If U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services approves the request, the student may work off-campus in one-year intervals up to the expected date of completion the student's current course of study.
Over and above the rules imposed on account of F student status, the student and employer must also comply with all existing federal, state, and local regulations pertaining to wages, working conditions, and tax law. For instance, the student may need to obtain a Social Security Number in order to be able to engage in on-campus work, and employers may ask the student to fill Form I-9 at the start of employment.
Leave of Absence and withdrawal.
The F status does not explicitly recognize Leave of Absence. Rather, if somebody intends to take a lengthy leave of absence, then their institution terminates their SEVIS record for "Authorized Early Withdrawal". There is a 15-day grace period to depart the United States on such a terminated record. If the student then returns in 5 months or fewer, the F-1 status can be reactivated with the same I-20 and without any effect on OPT/CPT eligibility (this has a lead time of up to a month). If more than 5 months elapse, a new SEVIS record must be created for the student, with a new Form I-20.
Physical absence from the United States for a contiguous period of over five months automatically deactivates one's student status, even if the student did not explicitly request termination of the SEVIS record.
Maintaining the correct program end date.
It may happen that the student's actual program end date falls earlier or later than what the student expected. It is necessary that a new I-20 be issued reflecting the current program end date, both prior to the program's actual end and prior to the stated program end date on the Form I-20.
If the Form I-20 is being shortened, the international office may require the student to submit evidence showing that the student has enough academic credits to graduate early. If the Form I-20 is being extended, then, in addition to any evidence from the student about changed academic plans, the international office also needs an updated statement of financial resources for the new I-20 to cover up to one year of the I-20 extension.
After the change to the program end date is made in the student's SEVIS record, the new Form I-20 is issued to the student.
The program end date on the Form I-20 need not coincide with the graduation date. Rather, it is the end date of the student's enrollment in courses. It is not possible to extend the program end date simply in order to be able to stay around till the graduation ceremony. If the graduation ceremony falls outside the 60-day grace period of completion of coursework, then the student must find some other way to be legally present for it (for instance, by staying around on Optional Practical Training, or getting a B visa for the graduation ceremony).
Travel and re-entry.
Whenever the student re-enters the United States after traveling, the student must have all of these at the time of arrival at the port of entry:
Since travel signatures are valid for only a year, students need to periodically get updated travel signatures on their I-20 from their international student office. The purpose of this requirement is to avoid cases where people who are no longer enrolled as students at an institution keep using an outdated Form I-20 to get in. In particular, when adding a new travel signature to the OPT, it is the responsibility of the international student office to make sure that the student is still enrolled at the institution. In case the Form I-20 runs out of space for travel signatures, the international office may print out a new Form I-20 for the student.
In the special case of automatic visa revalidation, whereby the student returns to the United States after a trip to Canada, Mexico, or a nearby island for at most 30 days, it is not necessary to have a valid visa at the time of re-entry. However, it is still necessary to have a valid Form I-20 and a travel signature.
After completion of studies.
After completion of studies, a student has a 60-day grace period to depart the United States. It is not possible to "re-enter" the United States during this grace period, regardless of the validity of visa or travel signatures. This does give the student some time to change to another non-immigrant status if applicable. However, if the student is unable to successfully change status the student must nonetheless depart the United States.
One way a student can continue to stay in the United States on student status after completion of studies is by being approved for post-completion Optional Practical Training. Post-completion OPT can start at most 60 days after the completion of studies, and requires the student to work at least 20 hours a week (excluding up to 90 days of unemployment) on topics related to the student's program of study. Post-completion OPT can be at most 12 months long. While doing post-completion OPT, the student is still in F status but cannot engage in arbitrary on-campus employment or enroll in a degree program.
Dependents.
The status for dependents (spouses and children) of people on F-1 status is the F-2 status. Since the F-2 status is a derivative status, a person goes out of F-2 status as soon as the corresponding principal (the student in F-1 status) goes out of F-1 status.
The F-2 dependent may enter the United States along with the F-1 principal, or at any later time.
F-2 dependent spouses have a very limited range of activities they can legally do. In particular, they are not allowed to enroll in a full course of study (but they may still attend classes at a SEVP-certified school) and they are not allowed to work, and cannot obtain Social Security Numbers. This differs somewhat from J-2 spouses, who can take coursework and are also eligible for work authorization though they need to apply for it. If a person on F-2 status gets admitted to a degree program in the United States, that person can transition to F-1 status after obtaining a Form I-20 and then filing Form I-539. However, the person will need to a get a new visa for subsequent re-entry to the United States.
F-2 dependent minor children can study in school (K-12, i.e., secondary or lower level of education). If unmarried, the same permissions and restrictions apply to them for post-secondary education as apply to F-2 dependent spouses: they can take classes at a SEVP-certified school but cannot engage in a full course of study.
Statistics.
Number of visas issued from 1997 onward.
The count below is of the number of visas issued by a United States consular officer. The years here are Fiscal Years, so for instance the year 2004 refers to the period from October 1, 2003 to September 30, 2004. This includes visas issued to people who are in an existing program of study and whose visa has expired, therefore it exceeds the actual number of distinct students admitted every year. On the other hand, since many students get multi-year, multi-entry visas, and a new visa needs to be issued only when the person travels outside the United States, this number is less than the total number of students in that status currently present in the United States. In other words, it is somewhere intermediate between the annual flow and total stock of students in F status. The F-3 became available in Fiscal Year 2004 so the number of F-3 visas issued before that is zero.
F-1 visas by country for major countries.
The data below is from the U.S. Department of State visa statistics.
A country where visas are issued for shorter durations and single entry will see more visa applications for the same total number of students in the United States. In particular, one of the main factors inflating the number of student visas issued to students from China was that the visa issued was a single-entry visa valid for one year, so a student visiting family every year had to renew the visa. The United States and China switched to a 5-year validity multiple-entry visa in November 2014 and the corresponding reduction in the number of F-1 visas issued should therefore be seen in the statistics starting Fiscal Year 2016 (since the first multi-entry five-year validity visas will be issued in Fiscal Year 2015, there will be less need for visa renewal starting in Fiscal Year 2016). In the table below, the columns are arranged in decreasing order of F-1 visa usage in FY 2015.
Detailed statistics for 2012.
In Fiscal Year 2012:
IIE data on number of international students.
The Institute of International Education maintains data on the number of international students as part of its "Open Doors" project, supported from a grant by the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs in the U.S. Department of State. The data is collected through surveys of over 3,000 accredited U.S. higher education institutions, and does not rely on any privileged access to government data; in particular institutions not included in the survey (such as high schools that issue student visas, and non-accredited institutions that are SEVP-certified) may be omitted from the statistics. "Open Doors" surveys were started in 1949, but data presented here is mostly from 2000, which is what their free online portal has (some tables have additional data available for every fifth year from 1949-1950 to 1999-2000).
Data by country.
This data differs from the data on F visas issued in the following respects:
This table differs from the previous table:
Data by country and academic level.
The data below is only for the academic year 2015-2016. The version presented below includes only the top eight countries by the total number of students. The IIE website has more detailed information. Of these countries, India is unusual in having a much larger number of students at the graduate study level than the undergraduate study level, while Brazil and Saudi Arabia are unusual in having a large fraction of their students enrolled in non-degree programs.
History.
Early origins of the student visa program.
Until the late 19th century, migration to the United States was relatively unrestricted, so that there was no special immigration status needed for students . However, the Carriage of Passengers Act of 1855 recognized a separate category for temporary immigrants, and the Chinese Exclusion Act, that excluded all Chinese skilled and unskilled laborers, carved out an exception for students. By 1913, U.S. Bureau of Education records indicated that 4,222 international students were enrolled in 275 U.S. universities, colleges, and technical schools; most of them were sent by foreign governments for education and training that would be useful when the students returned home.
The Institute of International Education was formed in 1919 to protect and promote the interests of international students and exchange visitors. Lobbying by the IIE led in 1921 to the classification of students as nonimmigrants and the creation of a separate nonimmigrant visa for students, thereby exempting students from the numerical quotas placed in the Emergency Quota Act of 1921 and the Immigration Act of 1924. Starting 1918, all noncitizens started being required to obtain visas prior to entry to the United States, and in 1924, Congress enacted a provision requiring consular officers to make a determination of admissibility prior to issuing a visa. As a result, starting around this time, the majority of noncitizens coming to the United States for study did so on student visas.
The letter "F" for student visas arose from the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952. Title I, Section 15 of the Act used the letters A through I to specify the permitted nonimmigrant statuses, and the letter F was chosen for student status.
The Fulbright–Hays Act of 1961 created the J visa for exchange visitors; some students would use the J visa instead of the F visa. The Immigration and Nationality Act Amendments of 1981 created the M visa for people engaged in vocational (nonacademic) courses.
The F status was initially granted only one year at a time, so students in multi-year courses of study needed to renew their status every year. A regulation in 1978 switched F status to using "duration of status"; this was partially rolled back in 1981 and reinstated in 1983, with a further update in 1987.
Tightening of student visa requirements in the aftermath of the 1993 terrorist attacks and 1996 IIRIRA.
In the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, a truck bomb was detonated below the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City. In the aftermath of this incident, the student visa came under increased scrutiny when it was discovered that Eyad Ismoil, one of the terrorists involved was in the United States on an expired student visa.
A memorandum from the U.S. Department of Justice's Office of Investigative Agency Policies to the Deputy Attorney General dated September 24, 1994, mentioned the need to subject foreign students to thorough and continuing scrutiny before and during their stay in the United States. On April 17, 1995, the Deputy Attorney General asked the INS Commissioner to address this issue. This led to the formation of an INS task force in June 1995 to conduct a comprehensive review of the F, M, and J visa processes. Besides the INS, the task force included members from the State Department and the United States Information Agency, and experts in the administration of international student programs. The task force report, issued on December 22, 1995, identified problems in the tracking and monitoring of students by schools, problems in the certification of schools by the INS, and problems with INS receiving and maintaining up-to-date records from schools. As a result of these findings, the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (IIRIRA) directed the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to develop and conduct a program to collect certain information on nonimmigrant foreign students and exchange visitors from approved institutions of higher education and designated exchange visitor programs.
In June 1997, the INS launched a pilot program for a centralized electronic reporting system for institutions, called the Coordinated Interagency Partnership Regulating International Students (CIPRIS). The CIPRIS pilot officially ended in October 1999, as the INS felt it had gathered enough data from the prototype to start working on the nationwide system. The INS began working on a new system that would be called the Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP) with the associated information system called the Student and Exchange Visitor Information Service (SEVIS). During the rollout, CIPRIS and SEVIS met with considerable opposition from the and the American Council on Education. However, they claimed that the opposition was not against the programs in principle but due to the concern that a botched rollout by the INS could result in many students suffering.
After 9/11: Adoption of SEVIS.
In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks (September 11, 2001) and the Patriot Act passed in response (October 26, 2001), there was further increase in scrutiny of student visas, increasing the momentum in favor of the adoption of SEVIS. This was partly because one of the attackers, Hani Hanjour, had come to the United States on a student visa.
Below is a timeline of the key events in the two years after the attacks describing the key steps in the evolution of SEVIS:
In August 2006, SEVIS would be used to identify Egyptian students who arrived in the United States for a one-month study program at Montana State University but failed to report for the program; most of the students would be apprehended by ICE and the FBI. A Congressional Research Service report would cite this as a claimed success of SEVIS as a recordkeeping system.
Study under B visa was no longer allowed, leading to increased reliance on F and M visas.
Since some of the people involved with the September 11 attacks had originally entered on B visas but then taken courses at flight schools, the rules surrounding study by people on B visas were tightened. Previously, people on B visa could undertake short courses of study. An interim final rule passed on April 12, 2002 required anybody on a B visa to transition to a F or M visa prior to starting a program of study. Moreover, people on B status could transition using Form I-539 (i.e., change status while in the US) only if their visa had an annotation indicating that they might transition to student status.
Study of sensitive subjects and national security concerns.
A Presidential Directive on May 7, 2002, called for the creation of the Interagency Panel on Advanced Science and Security (IPASS). The original intent of IPASS was to help with the evaluation of suspicious visa applications in subjects that had implications for national security.
A Technology Alert List (TAL) was originally created in November 2000, and subsequently expanded in August 2002. This list contains various types of technologies and domains of study that were particularly sensitive, whereby applicants for student visas in those domains of study received additional scrutiny. In addition it included a list of designated State Sponsors of Terrorism, countries from which visa applicants received additional scrutiny include countries with nuclear capability such as China, India, Israel, Pakistan, and Russia.
COVID-19 response.
In March 2020, in two pieces of guidance issued in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) issued guidance temporarily modifying the Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP). The guidance allowed students in F-1 or M-1 status to retain student status while staying in the United States if their school is temporarily closed due to COVID-19, and to maintain status by enrolling in courses online if their school switches coursework to online, whether inside or outside the United States.
On July 6, 2020, ICE partially rolled back the temporary modifications, with the rollback effective from the autumn (fall) of 2020. With the modified guidance, international students in F-1 or M-1 status must be enrolled in at least one in-person course in order to continue to stay in the United States; however, if their school is offering a hybrid of in-person and online coursework, they can take some courses online and count those toward credit requirements. Multiple lawsuits were filed by universities against ICE for this rollback. In response, ICE rescinded its July 6 order, thereby reinstating the full set of temporarily modifications made to the Student and Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP) in March 2020. On April 26, 2021, ICE announced that the guidance would continue to apply for the 2021-2022 academic year.
Interplay with college athletics NIL reform.
At the start of the 2020s, several states, most notably California, passed legislation that would allow college athletes to monetize their name, image, and likeness (NIL). These moves have forced the hand of college governing bodies. The main U.S. governing body for college sports, the National Collegiate Athletic Association, implemented NIL reform for 2021–22, and the smaller National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics adopted the same in 2020. However, NIL reform carries with it serious implications for non-U.S. student-athletes that, according to multiple media reports, have yet to be addressed. Almost all non-U.S. student-athletes are on F visas, which carry with them a prohibition from earning any substantial income while in the U.S. with narrow exceptions that appear not to apply to income obtained from NIL. The P-1A visa, under which many professional athletes enter the U.S., does allow for NIL income, but ICE regulations state that it is issued "solely for the purpose of performing at a specific athletic competition", which would not account for also being a student. According to what in late 2021 was the NCAA's most recent report on international student participation, covering a period that ended with the 2018–19 school year, F visa holders made up 12.4% of NCAA Division I student-athletes in 2018–19, a percentage that had increased in each of the previous five years. That total masked dramatic variations from sport to sport. International students were less than 1% of D-I football players in 2018–19, but over 30% of D-I players in both men's soccer and women's golf, and over 60% of D-I tennis players. An immigration attorney interviewed for a June 2021 ESPN story suggested that the final outcome could be a court case in which an international student challenged NCAA rules barring that individual from NIL benefits, or ICE attempted to deport a college athlete for accepting NIL income.
A November 2021 story by the ESPN-owned web outlet "FiveThirtyEight" pointed out that the key distinction in whether an international student-athlete could profit from NIL deals is the type of visa the individual holds. Student-athletes who hold green cards, giving them the right to permanently live and work in the U.S., are able to fully profit from NIL deals, with the story specifically citing Jamaica-born Illinois All-American basketball center Kofi Cockburn as such an example. The story also noted that a significant number of the most marketable student-athletes from an NIL standpoint were international, specifically citing Nebraska basketball, in which the men's and women's players with the largest social media followings at the start of the 2021–22 season were respectively Keisei Tominaga from Japan and Jaz Shelley from Australia.
Comparison to other visas.
M visa.
The M visa shares a number of features with the F visa:
However, there are a few differences:
J visa.
The J-1 visa can be used by students in degree programs in some cases. Some similarities with the F status:
There are some key differences:
Taxation.
F-1 status holders may earn income through on-campus employment, scholarships, as well as Optional Practical Training and Curricular Practical Training. Generally speaking, they need to file tax returns reporting all such income and pay taxes on it.
F-2 status holders cannot legally work in the United States, and therefore do not have any income tax obligations. However, they still need to file Form 8843, as discussed below.
Determination of whether the student is a resident or a nonresident for tax purposes.
There are two tests to determine permanent residency: the Green Card Test and the Substantial Presence Test. Almost everybody in student status is likely to fail the Green Card Test since it applies only to people who have held a green card in the tax year. The relevant test for students is therefore the Substantial Presence Test.
By the Substantial Presence Test, a person who is in the United States for at least 31 days in the current year and for a weighted total of at least 183 days in the past three calendar years (using a weighting formula) is a resident for tax purposes. However, one can exclude up to five calendar years in F status from this calculation. In particular, people who are arriving in the United States for the first time in F status can file as nonresidents for tax purposes for the first five years. However, those who have been in the United States recently in other statuses may need to file as residents for tax purposes due to their past presence.
Those who are classified as residents for tax purposes need to file Form 1040, 1040A or 1040EZ. Those who are classified as nonresidents for tax purposes need to file Form 1040NR or 1040NR-EZ.
Wages.
Income earned through on-campus part-time or full-time employment is generally classified as wages. In order to be able to earn wages, the student needs to obtain a Social Security Number and fill Form I-9 and Form W-4 for the employer, just like United States workers. The employer issues a Form W-2 at the end of the year documenting the total income and withheld federal and state taxes. This total amount across all employers is filled in by the student on Line 7 of the Form 1040 (if a resident for tax purposes) or Line 8 of Form 1040NR (if not).
Nonresidents in F status are not required to pay Social Security or Medicare taxes for employment that falls within their status, including both on-campus employment and employment through Curricular Practical Training and Optional Practical Training.
Residents for tax purposes are also exempt from Social Security and Medicare taxes for income earned where the employer is the educational institution, subject to a number of caveats. Residents "do" need to pay Social Security and Medicare taxes on both on-campus employment not by their university, as well as off-campus employment such as that undertaken as part of Curricular Practical Training and Optional Practical Training.
Scholarships.
Tuition waivers that do not involve the student actually receiving money are not taxable and not reported as taxable. However, scholarships that involve the transfer of money to the student do need to be reported and taxed.
If the student is a nonresident for tax purposes, the scholarships are reported using Form 1042-S and tax is withheld at 14% if the student has a SSN or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number, and at 30% otherwise. The student must report the tax on Line 12 of the Form 1040NR and use it in calculating his or her tax liability. Many states do not require state tax withholding on scholarship income.
If the student is a resident for tax purposes, there is no federal or state tax withholding, and no form need be issued to the student. However, the student is still obliged to report the income in Line 7 of the Form 1040, and it is part of the student's taxable income.
Contract work.
A student may engage in work as an independent contractor only if it fits the definition of on-campus employment (while the student is enrolled) or either Optional Practical Training or Curricular Practical Training (during the time period of the training). There are two cases:
Filing Form 8843 and other miscellanea.
Resident aliens in F status are governed by the same tax filing rules as United States residents. In particular, they need to file taxes on their worldwide income (including interest income in non-US banks and financial instruments) and can take either the standard deduction or itemize their deductions.
A nonresident alien in F-1 or F-2 status need not file an income tax return if he or she has no US-source income, or if the withholding on the US-source income covers the alien's tax obligations, subject to various caveats.
Any person in F-1 or F-2 status, who is a nonresident for tax purposes during a calendar year, and is "not" filing an income tax return, must file a standalone Form 8843 by June 15 of the next year. Since people in F-2 status cannot legally earn income in the United States, they would generally need to file the standalone Form 8843.
Some countries have tax treaties with the United States that allow for a reduction in the taxes that nonresidents in F status from these countries need to pay while in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="6936601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936601" title="Knox Township">
Knox Township

Knox Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936602" title="Cluster Springs, Virginia">
Cluster Springs, Virginia

Cluster Springs is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Halifax County, Virginia, United States. The population as of the 2010 census was 811.
Geography.
The CDP is located in southern Halifax County, along U.S. Route 501, which leads north to South Boston and south to Roxboro, North Carolina.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , of which , or 0.35%, are water. It is drained by tributaries of the Dan River and is part of the Roanoke River watershed.
Demographics.
Cluster Springs was first listed as a census designated place in the 2010 U.S. Census.

</doc>
<doc id="6936621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936621" title="Shigeharu Shiba">
Shigeharu Shiba

 is an anime audio director and producer. He graduated from Tokyo University of Education and went on to form the Jiyū Theatre Troupe. Shiba then joined Omnibus Promotion, where he worked on anime television series, OVAs, and movies.
Anime.
All credits are for audio director unless otherwise indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="6936625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936625" title="Royal Excelsior Mouscron">
Royal Excelsior Mouscron



</doc>
<doc id="6936636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936636" title="Neika">
Neika

Neika is a rural locality in the local government areas (LGA) of Hobart and Kingborough in the Hobart LGA region of Tasmania. The locality is about south-west of the city of Hobart. The 2016 census recorded a population of 198 for the state suburb of Neika.
It is a suburb of Hobart, to the north-west of Kingston.
History.
Neika was gazetted as a locality in 1970. It is believed to be an Aboriginal word for “hill”.
Neika Post Office opened on 13 January 1913 and closed in 1969.
Geography.
Long Creek forms much of the northern boundary. The North West Bay River flows through the south-west corner.
Road infrastructure.
Route B64 (Huon Road) runs through from south to north.

</doc>
<doc id="6936638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936638" title="Cornwall Standard-Freeholder">
Cornwall Standard-Freeholder

The Cornwall Standard-Freeholder is a daily newspaper based in Cornwall, Ontario, Canada. It has been in circulation for many years, and continues to be the newspaper with the largest circulation inside the Montreal - Ottawa - Kingston triangle. The newspaper is owned by Postmedia.
History.
The "Standard-Freeholder" is a daily newspaper in Cornwall and the counties of Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry. The Cornwall Standard-Freeholder is one of the oldest newspapers in Canada.
The current newspaper began as two publications, the "Freeholder", which was founded by the first premier of Ontario, John Sandfield Macdonald in 1846, and the "Standard," founded in 1886.
The two newspapers were amalgamated in 1932 and the first issue was published on April 30 of that year. The "Standard-Freeholder" became a daily newspaper on April 1, 1941.
It currently publishes print editions Tuesdays through Saturdays, excluding statutory holidays. A complimentary edition is printed and distributed on Thursdays for non-subscribers.
Present day.
The "Standard-Freeholder" remains the only daily newspaper in the triangle between Brockville, Ottawa and Montreal to this day. In 2006, the "Standard-Freeholder" was nominated for the first time for a National Newspaper Award for a series of articles published the day after an announcement the city's oldest and most prominent employer, Domtar Fine Papers Inc., would be shutting down its paper mill operation for good.
In November 2018, the "Standard-Freeholder" along with several other daily newspapers in the Postmedia chain had its Monday edition cut, bringing it down to five editions per week instead of six.

</doc>
<doc id="6936639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936639" title="Ganser">
Ganser

Ganser is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6936659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936659" title="List of compositions by Giacinto Scelsi">
List of compositions by Giacinto Scelsi

This is a list of compositions by Italian composer Giacinto Scelsi (1905–1988).

</doc>
<doc id="6936666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936666" title="Ric Hehner">
Ric Hehner



</doc>
<doc id="6936667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936667" title="Bara Katra">
Bara Katra

Bara Katra (; ) is one of the oldest historical and architectural monuments in Dhaka. The word Katra may have originated from Arabic word Katara which means colonnaded building. 'Katra/ katara' in Arabic and Persian means 'Caravan (Karwan) Sarai' or simply a 'Sarai'. It is a palatial building dating to the reign of the Mughal dynasty in the Bengal region. It is situated to the south of Chowk Bazaar close to the north bank of the river Buriganga. It was partially demolished in 2022.
History.
Bara Katra was built between 1644 and 1646 AD by Mir Abul Qasim, the "diwan" (chief revenue official) of Mughal prince Shah Shuja. It was intended to be Shah Shuja's residence, but Shah Shuja endowed it to Mir Abul Qasem.
Less than half of the structure remains, and it is in disrepair. The Department of Archaeology has been unable to take charge of the monument owing to litigation and resistance from its owners. The owners have altered the original building and encroached upon it with new construction.
Architecture.
The building follows the traditional pattern of Central Asian "caravanserais" and is embellished as per Mughal architecture. Originally it enclosed a quadrangular courtyard.
The southern wing extends , and fronted on the Buriganga River. In the middle is an entrance set in a three-storeyed projected bay. The gateway has an arched alcove that rises to the second story, above which are the windows of the third storey. The arched main entrance is in the centre of the alcove. The underside of the alcove, spandrels, and surrounding walls are decorated with plastered panels exhibiting a variety of forms, including four-centered, cusped, horseshoe, and flat arches. The main portion of the wing is two-storeyed and bookended by tall projected octagonal towers.
The northern wing was similar, but with a less elaborate gate. The east and west wings were single storey and about long. In the 19th century, Orientalist James Atkinson described the building as "a stupendous pile of grand and beautiful architecture".
The southern entrance leads to a guardroom, then an octagonal domed hall (the ceiling of which is plastered and decorated with net-patters and foliage designs), and finally to the courtyard. On the ground floor of the southern wing, there are five vaulted rooms to either side of the gateway. On the upper floor, living chambers open off of a corridor. Shops and living quarters surrounded the courtyard on all four sides.
Cultural significance.
During the Mughal period, Dhaka was a port city. Large merchant ship could enter into the Buriganga river. This was the major trading connection between Indonesia and Dhaka. So, it was a major hub for import and export. Bara Katra was mainly used for customs clearance and resting space for merchants and travelers. This type of Caravan Sarai which consists of so many functions and features which makes it the most unique worldwide. This increases the value of architectural and cultural heritage of Bangladesh.

</doc>
<doc id="6936669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936669" title="WWA The Inception">
WWA The Inception



</doc>
<doc id="6936671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936671" title="Giovanni Battista Naldini">
Giovanni Battista Naldini

Giovanni Battista Naldini (1535–1591) was an Italian painter in a late-Mannerist style, active in Florence and Rome.
Biography.
His first apprenticeship (1549–1557) was in the studio of Jacopo Pontormo. He went from Rome for a number of months following 1560, and was recruited to work for Giorgio Vasari in 1562. He painted two crowded, mannerist canvases for the Studiolo of Francesco I in the Palazzo Vecchio: the "Allegory of Dreams" and the "Gathering of Ambergris".
He supplied altarpieces to Santa Maria Novella and Santa Croce. He painted an altarpiece of "Calling of Saint Matthew" for the Salviati Chapel in San Marco, where he worked alongside Francesco Morandini. Ultimately, he is described by Freedberg as displaying work distantly derivative from the style of Andrea del Sarto, as expressed by Naldini's two mentors and Sarto's two pupils: Pontormo and Vasari. Among his pupils were the Cavalieri Francesco Curradi, Cosimo Gamberucci. and Cosimo Duti.
Naldini painted the cycle of frescoes concerning St John the Baptist in Rome, in the chapel of the saint in the church of Trinità dei Monti in Rome in 1580. The chapel, which was added to the original church during works for the new facade, was built in 1570 by the architect Giovanni Antonio Dosio. In 1573 the Florentine banker Giovanni Battista Altoviti acquired the patronage and dedicated the chapel to St. John the Baptist, the Patron Saint of his city. In about 1580 Giovanni Battista Naldini created the frescoes that are still well-preserved today.
He did a side-altar at San Giovanni Battista Decollato, Rome, the showcase there for the Florentine high Maniera style. 

</doc>
<doc id="6936675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936675" title="Leclerc (surname)">
Leclerc (surname)

Leclerc, Le Clerc and LeClerc are French language surnames literally meaning the occupation of clerk, scribe, Notable people with the surnames include:

</doc>
<doc id="6936676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936676" title="Tablas Strait">
Tablas Strait

Tablas Strait (), also Tabuas Strait, is a strait in the Philippines separating Mindoro Island, Tablas Island, Panay and Romblon islands. The approximate depth of the strait is .
The strait is known for being the place where the Sulpicio Lines-owned passenger ferry MV "Doña Paz" and oil tanker MT "Vector" sank on December 20, 1987, after colliding with each other, resulting in more than 4,386 deaths. It was the deadliest peacetime maritime disaster in history.

</doc>
<doc id="6936683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936683" title="Henry Gloval">
Henry Gloval



</doc>
<doc id="6936685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936685" title="Dascilloidea">
Dascilloidea

Dascilloidea is a superfamily of polyphagan beetles, comprising two families: Dascillidae (soft bodied plant beetles) and Rhipiceridae (cicada beetle and cicada parasite beetles). 

</doc>
<doc id="6936693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936693" title="Lake George Township">
Lake George Township

Lake George Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936695" title="Should">
Should



</doc>
<doc id="6936696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936696" title="Hamilton Golf and Country Club">
Hamilton Golf and Country Club

Hamilton Golf and Country Club is located in Ancaster, Ontario.
The club began in October 1894. Renowned English golf architect Harry Colt designed 18 of the current 27 holes (making up the current West and South courses) in 1914, with Canadian golf architect Robbie Robinson adding a third nine (the East Nine) in 1974. The current Chedoke Golf Club, now a municipal course, was the second location of the Hamilton Golf and Country Club, with the original being on the corner of Barton and Ottawa streets. The course has a short course and a driving range.
The club has hosted seven Canadian Opens, most recently in June 2024. The course was lengthened and renovated in the late 1990s, in preparation for the recent Opens. In 2019 the club began a $11-million restoration to all 27 holes, directed by golf architect Martin Ebert, with 18 holes re-opening in 2021, and the final 9 holes on East re-opened in the summer of 2022.
Hamilton Golf and Country Club has been long regarded as one of the top golf courses in Canada, currently ranking second on Canada's list of best golf courses by ScoreGolf magazine and recently number 98 in "Golf Digest"'s Top 100 Courses in the World. 
The course record is held by Brandt Snedeker, who shot a 10 under par 60 shot round June 7, 2019, while competing in the second round of the 2019 Canadian Open.

</doc>
<doc id="6936701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936701" title="Nikolai Gulyaev">
Nikolai Gulyaev



</doc>
<doc id="6936713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936713" title="Lakefield Township">
Lakefield Township



</doc>
<doc id="6936715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936715" title="The Nerve Magazine">
The Nerve Magazine



</doc>
<doc id="6936717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936717" title="J. Ann Tickner">
J. Ann Tickner

Judith Ann Tickner (born 1937) is an Anglo-American feminist international relations (IR) theorist. Tickner is a distinguished scholar in residence at the School of International Services, American University, Washington DC.
Career.
Tickner served as president of the International Studies Association (ISA) from 2006 to 2007. Since 2011, the ISA give out the J. Ann Tickner Award.
After fifteen years as a Professor of International Relations at the University of Southern California, Tickner recently became a distinguished scholar in residence at the School of International Services, American University, Washington DC, On June 4, 1999, Tickner received an honorary doctorate from the Faculty of Social Sciences at Uppsala University, Sweden.
Her books include "Gendering World Politics: Issues and Approaches in the Post-Cold War Era" (Columbia University Press, 2001), "Gender in International Relations: Feminist Perspectives on Achieving International Security" (Columbia University Press, 1992), and "Self-Reliance Versus Power Politics: American and Indian Experiences in Building Nation-States" (Columbia University Press, 1987). One of Tickner's most famous journal articles was the piece "You Just Don't Understand" ("International Studies Quarterly" (1997) 41, 611-632), which critiqued mainstream international relations theorists for the omission of gender from their theory and practice. Whilst mainstream scholars argued that feminists should develop scientific, falsifiable theories, Tickner argued against this assertion, claiming that it misunderstood one of the premises of feminist IR. Most feminist IR theory takes a strongly deconstructivist approach to knowledge, arguing that theories reflect the gendered social positioning of their authors; they therefore questioned positivist ("scientific") methods for obscuring the gendered politics of knowledge construction. She favors a social, "bottom-up" method of analysis that makes the role of women in IR visible, as opposed to the usual scientific methodologies that are "top-down" and focus on traditionally masculinist subjects, including men, money, and war. Feminist approaches to international relations are a phenomenon of the post–Cold War period. Feminist scholarly research began in the 1980s in various academic disciplines, from literature to psychology to history.
Tickner was married to Hayward Alker until his death in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6936721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936721" title="Ohio Fireworks Derecho">
Ohio Fireworks Derecho

The Ohio Fireworks Derecho (or also the Ohio Independence Day derecho of 1969), was a severe wind event that took place during the evening hours of July 4 (American Independence Day) 1969. It affected the northern half of the state of Ohio as well as portions of Pennsylvania, southern Michigan, northern West Virginia and extreme southwestern New York. It was one of the numerous events of that type that hit a region in the United States during its national holiday, the others being in 1977, 1980, and 1999.
Event.
The event started out during the afternoon hours as a line of thunderstorms developed in southern Michigan. At about 6 p.m., as it reached the southern suburbs of the Detroit Metro area in Lenawee and Monroe counties, it quickly became a major derecho. It entered northwestern Ohio near the Toledo area packing winds that locally exceeded which downed scores of trees all over the city.
Moving at a fairly quick pace, the mesoscale then hit the Sandusky and Cleveland areas creating extensive damage to some of its suburbs, including Lakewood, Rocky River and Linndale. Major damage was also reported over communities right along the Lake Erie shoreline. Winds also peaked near in Cleveland, causing extensive power outages. An F3 tornado was confirmed in Flat Rock, Michigan on the day of this event.
At about midnight, after affecting northeastern Ohio and the Pittsburgh area, the storm weakened and dissipated near the borders of Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Maryland.
Aftermath.
This derecho event, although short-lived in comparison with other such events, was one of the deadliest ever. Eighteen people were killed in Ohio alone, including seven in Cleveland. Many of them were from toppled trees. At least three people who were watching holiday fireworks from small boats on Lake Erie drowned after being thrown off their boats by the high winds. Over 100 boats were destroyed or flipped over on Lake Erie. There were also injuries reported in western Pennsylvania.
In 2009, a temporary exhibit stood in Edgewater Park (part of the Lakefront Reservation of the Cleveland Metroparks) in Cleveland commemorating the event.

</doc>
<doc id="6936724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936724" title="Someone's Daughter">
Someone's Daughter

"Someone's Daughter" is a song by Beth Orton, released as her fourth single, found on her 1996 release "Trailer Park". It contains 3 songs, and was released on C.D. and vinyl. The release peaked at #49 in the UK official singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="6936730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936730" title="The Corner (song)">
The Corner (song)

"The Corner" is the second single released by rapper Common on his sixth album, "Be". It features a chorus and production by Kanye West as well as spoken word lyrics by The Last Poets. The song's lyrics deal with street corners in poor neighborhoods. The song's beat contains samples from "You Make the Sun Shine" by The Temprees and "What It Is" by The Temptations. Because of the song's gritty sound, some fans considered it to be a return to Common's "Resurrection" days. A music video directed by Kanye West was made for "The Corner."
Acclaim.
"The Corner" attained some commercial success reaching #42 on the Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Singles &amp; Tracks chart, but was even more popular among critics. Amongst other accolades, it was nominated as the Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 48th Grammy Awards. Spence D. of IGN.com explains the basis for its success writing: 
In addition, Nathan Brackett of "Rolling Stone" states that it is one of the "hardest-rocking tracks of Common's career." Pitchfork Media's Tom Breihan considers the beat to be "dusty and heavenly." Steve Juon of RapReviews.com claims Common's lyrics to contain profound observations of urban life that show why hip hop is the "black man's CNN."
 Common understands that critics consider "The Corner" to be a return from his "Electric Circus" style. As he says on "They Say" from his 2005 album "Be": "They say the crochet pants and the sweater was wack/Seen 'The Corner', now they say that nigga's back."

</doc>
<doc id="6936742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936742" title="Lakeside Township">
Lakeside Township

Lakeside Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936743" title="Observer (Dunkirk)">
Observer (Dunkirk)

The Observer is a newspaper for the residents of Northern Chautauqua County, NY and northwestern Cattaraugus County, NY, with offices located in Dunkirk, NY. Formerly known as the Evening Observer, and before then, the Dunkirk Evening Observer, it was originally delivered in the afternoon six days a week (Monday through Saturday), although it has since switched to morning delivery seven days a week.
History.
The "Observer" was first published December 4, 1882 by founder Dr. Julien T. Williams. John D'Agostino, former news and managing editor, is the current Publisher.
The newspaper describes itself as a hometown paper, but it is owned by Ogden Newspapers Inc. of Wheeling, West Virginia; the paper is operated in a cluster along with "The Post-Journal" of Jamestown, New York and the "Times-Observer" of Warren, Pennsylvania.
From March 13, 2014, to October 31, 2016, the entirety of the newspaper's Web site was placed behind a paywall. The site had been behind a paywall for most of the early 2000s but that paywall was also eventually removed.

</doc>
<doc id="6936744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936744" title="Scirtoidea">
Scirtoidea

Scirtoidea is a superfamily of beetles. It is traditionally considered to consist of four families: Clambidae, Decliniidae, Eucinetidae and Scirtidae. However, genetic studies have suggested that Clambidae and Eucinetidae belong to a separate superfamily Clamboidea, which also includes Derodontidae. Scirtoidea and Clamboidea are the two earliest diverging lineages of living polyphagans.
Two extinct families have also been assigned to this group:

</doc>
<doc id="6936745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936745" title="Oleg Bozhyev">
Oleg Bozhyev



</doc>
<doc id="6936766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936766" title="Baler Bay">
Baler Bay

Baler Bay (, , , ; ) is a bay in the northeastern portion of Luzon island in the Philippines. It is an extension of the Philippine Sea and bordered by four municipalities of Aurora province.
From mid September to early March, the bay is known for its great surfing conditions. The movie "Apocalypse Now", which was filmed there in 1976, introduced the sport to the area, and its production crew even left behind several surfboards for the locals to use. Since 1997, the bay has been home to the annual Aurora Surfing Cup. During the other months of the year, it is ideal for snorkeling, windsurfing and diving.

</doc>
<doc id="6936772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936772" title="Luong Lao Shi">
Luong Lao Shi



</doc>
<doc id="6936776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936776" title="Sleg">
Sleg



</doc>
<doc id="6936781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936781" title="The Lost Prince (Burnett novel)">
The Lost Prince (Burnett novel)

The Lost Prince is a novel by British-American author Frances Hodgson Burnett, first published in 1915.
Plot summary.
This book, a Ruritanian romance for children, is about Marco Loristan, his father, and his friend, a street urchin called "The Rat". Marco's father, Stefan, is a Samavian patriot working to overthrow the cruel dictatorship in the kingdom of Samavia. Marco and his father come to London where Marco strikes up a friendship with a crippled street urchin known as The Rat. The friendship occurs when Marco overhears The Rat shouting in military form. Marco discovers he had stumbled upon a club known as the Squad, where the boys drill under the leadership of The Rat, whose education and imagination far exceeds their own.
Stefan, realizing that two boys are less likely to be noticed, entrusts them with a secret mission to travel across Europe giving the secret sign: 'The Lamp is lighted.' Marco is to go as the Bearer of the Sign while The Rat goes as his Aide-de-Camp (so-named at his own request). The boys encounter many dangers while on this journey.
This brings about a revolution which succeeds in overthrowing the old regime and re-establishing the rightful king. When Marco and The Rat return to London, Stefan has already left for Samavia. They wait there with his father's faithful bodyguard, Lazarus, until Stefan calls. The book ends in a climactic scene as Marco realizes his father is the descendant of Ivor Fedorovitch and thus the rightful king of Samavia.
Setting.
No precise location is given for Samavia in terms of real life geography. It is described as having been a small kingdom with a pastoral economy during the Middle Ages, ruled by the House of Fedorovitch. The Fedorovitch were overthrown in the early fifteenth century after a rebellion ended in the regicide of the reigning king and the disappearance of his son, Ivor Fedorovitch, the Lost Prince. During the next five centuries, two great Houses, the Iarovitch and the Maranovitch, fought for control of the kingdom in civil wars similar to the Wars of the Roses. In the 1830s a secret organisation of Fedorovitch supporters was formed. Early in the twentieth century the reigning monarch, King Michael Maranovitch, was assassinated, and civil war broke out as Nicola Iarovitch sought to gain the crown. The Secret Party instead proclaimed Stefan Loristan, descendant of the Lost Prince, king.

</doc>
<doc id="6936785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936785" title="Limoges porcelain">
Limoges porcelain

Limoges porcelain is hard-paste porcelain produced by factories in and around the city of Limoges, France, beginning in the late 18th century, by any manufacturer. By about 1830, Limoges, which was close to the areas where suitable clay was found, had replaced Paris as the main centre for private porcelain factories, although the state-owned Sèvres porcelain near Paris remained dominant at the very top of the market. Limoges has maintained this position to the present day.
History.
Limoges had strong antecedents in the production of decorative objects. The city was the most famous European centre of vitreous enamel production in the 12th century, and Limoges enamel was known as "Opus de Limogia" or "Labor Limogiae".
Limoges had also been the site of a minor industry producing plain faience earthenware since the 1730s. 
The manufacturing of hard-paste porcelain at Limoges was established by Turgot in 1771 following the discovery of local supplies of kaolin and a material similar to petuntse in the economically distressed area at Saint-Yrieix-la-Perche, near Limoges. The materials, which were quarried beginning in 1768, were used to produce hard-paste porcelain similar to Chinese porcelain.
A manufactory at Limoges was placed under the patronage of the comte d'Artois, brother of Louis XVI, and was later purchased by the King in 1784, apparently with the idea of producing hard-paste bodies for decoration at Sèvres, although this never happened.
After the French Revolution a number of private factories were established at Limoges, including Bernardaud, Haviland &amp; Co. and Royal Limoges.
Present day.
Limoges maintains the position it established in the 19th century as the premier manufacturing city of porcelain in France.
Counterfeiting of Limoges porcelain has been documented for decades.

</doc>
<doc id="6936795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936795" title="Beach Beauty contest">
Beach Beauty contest



</doc>
<doc id="6936806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936806" title="Colonel Matthew Bogdanos">
Colonel Matthew Bogdanos



</doc>
<doc id="6936810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936810" title="PWS-26">
PWS-26

The PWS-26 was a Polish advanced training aircraft, used from 1937 to 1939 by the Polish Air Force, constructed in the PWS ("Podlaska Wytwórnia Samolotów" - Podlasie Aircraft Factory). It was the second most numerous Polish pre-war aircraft, after the RWD-8.
Design and development.
The aircraft was a final development of a series: PWS-12, PWS-14 and PWS-16, designed in response to a Polish Air Force requirement for an advanced trainer. The chief designer was Augustyn Zdaniewski. The PWS-26 was a direct development of the PWS-16bis, sharing the same silhouette, being a more militarized variant - with strengthened construction, which allowed dive-bomber training. Contrary to its predecessors, the PWS-26 could be armed with a forward-shooting machine gun and practice bombs. It also had other improvements and was capable of aerobatics. A visual difference from the PWS-16bis were the canvas-covered struts of the landing gear.
The prototype was flown in 1935. After trials, its production started in 1936. By the outbreak of World War II in 1939, 310 had been built.
The PWS-26 was used in Polish military aviation from early 1937, becoming a standard type of advanced trainer for fighter pilots. It replaced most of the older PWS-14s, PWS-16s, PWS-18s (a licence-built Avro Tutor) and Bartel BM-5d's. They carried numbers starting with "81-". The PWS-26 was regarded as a successful aircraft, with good flight characteristics. During its Polish service, there were 10 fatal crashes, which was not a high number.
Operational history.
After the German invasion of Poland, some PWS-26s were used in liaison flights, three aircraft in each, assigned to Armies (basic equipment of liaison flights was the RWD-8). They were also used in improvised liaison units. At least 45 were used in combat units during the campaign in total. The PWS-26 was mostly used as a replacement aircraft.
According to a report by Jan Falkowski, on September 3, 1939, while flying a PWS-26, he made a chasing Bf 109 crash near Lublin, by performing low-level manoeuvres, but there was no confirmation from the Germans. A single PWS-26 and two RWD-8s of the Independent Operational Group Polesie, were the last Polish aircraft in the sky during the campaign. They were grounded by General Franciszek Kleeberg on October 2, 1939. Some Czech pilots flew these aircraft during the campaign on the Polish side. 
Account of Jan Falkowski of the above kill.
"I was only 200 feet from the ground when I tried a trick. I put my plane into a dive, all the time watching one of the Germans who was trying to get on my tail. I did little twists and turns, not allowing the enemy to get me squarely in his sights. All the time we were getting closer and closer to the ground.
I brought him to about 50 feet off the ground and in the last second, dived again, then immediately pulled into a left turn. I missed the ground by a scat 10 feet, I figured. The German wasn't so lucky." (account of Jan Falkowski causing the Bf 109 to crash, taken from his auto biography "With The Wind In My Face"). According however to Marius Emmerling, this victory can not be attributed to particular German losses.
Some PWS-26s were shot down by the Germans, at least one was shot down by the Soviets on September 19. A large number of PWS-26s were destroyed on the ground by the Germans or burned by the withdrawing Poles. At least two were evacuated to Romania and 20 or so Latvia. This latter group were captured by the Germans - in 1941. After repairing, 50 or so were sold to Romania, and in 1943 Romanian Air Force had 56 of them. In 1944 some of them, fitted with bomblets, were used for night attacks. Some were used in civilian aviation, and were used in Romania until the 1950s. Two were tested in Germany. A dozen or so were captured by the Soviets in Poland and also used by them for testing.
Surviving aircraft.
Only one PWS-26 (Nr. 81-123) has survived. Captured by the Germans in September 1939, it was part of the German aviation museum, displayed with the Luftwaffe markings VG+AS. The aircraft was found in Poland after the war and used until 1953 by civilian operators with the markings SP-AJB. It is currently preserved in the Polish Aviation Museum in Kraków.

</doc>
<doc id="6936811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936811" title="Samavia">
Samavia



</doc>
<doc id="6936815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936815" title="Beauty With A Purpose competition">
Beauty With A Purpose competition



</doc>
<doc id="6936819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936819" title="Utah State Route 71">
Utah State Route 71

State Route 71 (SR-71) is a state highway completely within the Salt Lake City metropolitan area in the northern portion of the US state of Utah. It runs from SR-154 in the southwest side of the city to SR-186 in Downtown Salt Lake City. The route spans as it runs along portions of 12600 South, 12300 South, 900 East, and 700 East streets.
The entire route is included as part of the National Highway System.
Route description.
Riverton.
The highway begins at the intersection of SR-154 (Bangerter Highway) and 12600 South in Riverton and heads east on 12600 South, a four-lane undivided highway. As the route continues east through suburban Riverton and intersects 1300 West, it gains a center median and turns northeast. The route passes a park and a golf course and crosses over the Jordan River. The road straightens to the east and, moving north three blocks on the Salt Lake County grid position, turns into 12300 South.
Draper.
The highway enters Draper and intersects with I-15 at exit 291, a single-point urban interchange. Between this interchange and Factory Outlet Drive, a concurrency spanning with US-89 occurs. The road continues east through Draper before turning north onto 700 East. Past Kimballs Lane, the road veers to the west slightly and crosses the Utah Transit Authority's TRAX Blue Line's Draper light rail extension at an acute angle, then straightens to its original northerly direction past 11400 South.
Sandy.
The route passes through Sandy as a five-lane (including center turn lane) road with sidewalks along most of its length. A bridge spans Dimple Dell Park (Dry Creek) north of 10600 South. In this area, the road is next to White City, an unincorporated enclave of Sandy. The road intersects 9400 South (former Utah State Route 209) in a retail area, then intersects 9000 South (current Utah State Route 209) at the southeast corner of the Sandy Historic District.
Midvale.
SR-71 enters Midvale at 7800 South and curves northeast along the south bank of the East Jordan Canal, passing Hillcrest High School before crossing over the canal and turning north again (as 900 East) to run through the western part of the Fort Union commercial district. Upon reaching Interstate 215, the road is joined by the Jordan and Salt Lake Canal, and the canal and road cross the freeway together on adjacent bridges, entering Murray.
Murray.
Access to Interstate 215 from SR-71 is provided by Winchester Street, which connects to Exit 9 a short distance to the east. Wheeler Farm appears east of SR-71 as the Jordan and Salt Lake Canal passes under the road and continues east in a pipe just north of Winchester Street. The route intersects the eastern segment of Vine Street (former State Route 173) just as it passes over Little Cottonwood Creek, which is in a concrete trench; the western segment of Vine Street meets SR-71 at an unsignalized intersection a short distance further north. After passing a retail area and the entrance to a golf course, the road meets the north (non-state-maintained) segment of 900 East, the northern terminus of SR-152 (Van Winkle Expressway), and Murray-Holladay Road (former State Route 174) at a six-way intersection south of Big Cottonwood Creek. The complexity of this six-way intersection has been moderated by effectively dividing it into two three-way and one four-way intersection in close proximity: SR-71, in particular, turns west at the four-way intersection (from which 900 East continues north and SR-152 continues east) and then immediately intersects Murray-Holladay Road at a signalized three-way intersection (though northwest-bound traffic on SR-71 never has to stop, due to a channelized free right turn arrangement). Beyond this intersection, SR-71 (which now has four lanes in each direction, having absorbed much of SR-152's traffic) crosses Big Cottonwood Creek and forms the border between Murray and Millcreek Township for a short distance as it curves north again to become 700 East and intersect SR-266 (4500 South).
Millcreek Township and South Salt Lake.
The road continues straight north as 700 East through Millcreek Township, then, north of 3900 South, as the border between Millcreek Township and South Salt Lake (it never fully enters South Salt Lake). It intersects SR-171 (3300 South) right after crossing Mill Creek, then passes Nibley Golf Course before entering Salt Lake City. Throughout this area (and continuing as far north as Liberty Park in Salt Lake City), the road was widened to four or more vehicle lanes in each direction by acquisition (using eminent domain) and flattening of a large amount of property on the west side; as a result few structures (and even fewer old buildings) front onto the west side of the street, whereas the east side has many remaining old houses and even old street light poles.
Salt Lake City.
The highway continues north on 700 East in Salt Lake City and intersects I-80 at exit 125, a diamond interchange. It crosses the S Line (formerly known as Sugar House Streetcar) right-of-way west of the Forest Dale neighborhood of Sugar House, and then intersects 2100 South (former US-40 and US-40A). Between 2100 South and Liberty Park, the road passes through mainly residential areas and includes bicycle lanes despite its formidable width and heavy traffic. SR-71 passes along the eastern edge of Liberty Park, which extends from 1300 South to 900 South. At 900 South the road narrows to approximately its original (generous) width laid out by Brigham Young and then passes Trolley Square (600 South to 500 South) before terminating at SR-186 (400 South), which has the UTA TRAX Red Line in its median, near the Gilgal Sculpture Garden. 700 East continues north as a wide (but not state-maintained) road as far as South Temple.
Future.
The east–west portion of SR-71 in Riverton and Draper is being studied as a route for future public transportation improvements due to its route connecting the current UTA TRAX Red Line terminus in Daybreak to the nearly completed Blue Line terminus station in Draper via a Draper "FrontRunner" station in western Draper.
History.
The state legislature created State Route 71 in 1931, running south from US-40 (2100 South) along 900 East and through Draper, Corner Canyon, and Alpine to US-50/US-89/US-91 (now solely US-89) in American Fork. However, the portion across the Traverse Mountains between SR-111 (12300 South) in Draper and Alpine was never built, and was removed from the state highway system in 1935; at the same time, the southern piece from Alpine to American Fork was renumbered SR-74. In 1957, most of SR-71 was moved west two blocks to 700 East, the south end was truncated to 7700 South north of Sandy (replaced by an extension of SR-111), and the north end was extended to SR-181 (South Temple Street). This change was partially reverted in 1959, when the south end was extended back to Draper over what had just become SR-111. In 1969, the north end was cut back four blocks to SR-186 (400 South), and the south end was extended west along what had been SR-111 (created in 1931) to SR-68 (Redwood Road) in Riverton. A short extension west from the south end to the new SR-154 (Bangerter Highway) was made in 2001, pending reconstruction by the state.
A $4 million construction project at the intersection of SR-71 and State Street (US-89) in Draper converted the intersection into a Michigan left, where travelers going west on SR-71 would turn north onto State Street then make a U-turn to access southbound State Street. Construction started in early 2011 and completed in late 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="6936820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936820" title="Amédée-François Lamy">
Amédée-François Lamy

Amédée-François Lamy () was a French military officer. He was born at Mougins, in the French "département" of Alpes-Maritimes on 7 February 1858 and died in the battle of Kousséri on 22 April 1900 as a French explorer officer.
Biography.
Family origins.
He was the son of lieutenant Joseph Sosthène Lamy (1818–1891), originally from Nancy, and of Elisabeth Giraud, from an old and notable Provençal family, whose father Louis Giraud, notary, had married Honorine Courmes, from Grasse, the latter was the daughter of Claude-Marie Courmes, mayor of Grasse from 1830 to 1835.
Early years.
Lamy's ambition to become an officer developed very early; at ten-years-old, he entered the Prytanée national militaire, where he won the first prize in Geography in the general concourse of all the department's school, a possible sign of his future colonial career. In 1877 he was admitted to Saint-Cyr, the foremost French military academy.
Military career.
Lamy began his military career in 1879 as a second lieutenant in the First regiment of Algerian tirailleurs. He explored and discovered for France Saharan Africa, and took part in the French occupation of Tunisia; he was sent in 1884 to Tonkin, where he remained until 1886. The following year he was back in Algeria, where he became "aide-de-camp" to the General in command of the division quartered in Algiers in 1887, and resumed his previous interest in the Sahara and learned to exploit the qualities of the méharistes, the camel cavalry. Fascinated by the desert, he learned how to live with little: "Personally, I will be really happy only when I'll be able to live without neither drinking nor eating. At the moment, I'm attempting this kind of existence, but obtaining only a meagre success. I'm still obliged to eat more than six dates at my meals: this is afflicting!".
In 1893 Lamy participated in the Le Chatelier Mission (Middle Congo) where he was in charge of studying the project of a railway between Brazzaville and the coast, and also of making botanical, geological and geographical studies. Through Alfred Le Chatelier, Lamy later met Fernand Foureau, with whom he assembled the Foureau-Lamy Mission in 1898, charged, with another two expeditions, the Gentil and Voulet–Chanoine missions, to conquer Chad and unify all French dominions in West Africa.
Foureau and Lamy proceeded from Algiers through the Sahara, and met with the other two missions at Kousséri on 21 April 1900. The following day the united French forces confronted Rabih az-Zubayr, a Sudanese warlord who had created an empire in the Chad Basin. In the following battle, in which Lamy was in command with 700 riflemen, while the French reported a crushing victory, Lamy was killed, as was Rabih. In his honour, the first French governor, Émile Gentil, named the capital of the new French territory of Chad Fort-Lamy, which name it bore until it was renamed N'Djamena in 1973.
In 1970, Chad issued an undated gold 1,000 francs coin as part of its tenth independence celebrations. One side features Lamy's head, with a military style collar, and the legend "COMMANDANT LAMY 1900".
Tribute.
There is a Lamy barracks in Longuyon 54

</doc>
<doc id="6936825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936825" title="Lancaster Township">
Lancaster Township

Lancaster Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936828" title="Robert H. Thayer">
Robert H. Thayer

Robert Helyer Thayer (September 22, 1901 − January 26, 1984) was an American lawyer, naval officer and diplomat.
Early life.
Thayer was born in Southborough, Massachusetts, the son of Rev. William Greenough Thayer (1863−1934), headmaster of St. Mark's School from 1894−1930, and Violet Otis Thayer (1871−1962) of the Boston Brahmin Otis family.
He attended St. Mark's School, then earned a bachelor's degree from Amherst College and a law degree from Harvard Law School in 1926. His elder brother, Sigourney Thayer (1896−1944), was a theatrical producer, aviator and poet.
Career.
After graduating from Law School, Thayer began practicing law in New York City under Gen. William Joseph Donovan. He assisted Charles Lindbergh's lead lawyer, Col. Henry Skillman Breckinridge on the famous Lindbergh kidnapping case in 1932, staying at the Charles A Lindbergh residence in Hopewell, New Jersey, until the body of the child was found on May 12, 1932. Bruno Richard Hauptmann was executed for this crime in 1936.
In 1938, he became an Assistant District Attorney of New York County under District Attorney, and future Governor of New York, Thomas E. Dewey. He left the District Attorneys's office in 1941 to join the U.S. Navy during World War II.
Public service.
During World War II, Thayer was commissioned as a lieutenant commander in the U.S. Navy. He was an intelligence officer in the South Pacific early in the war and then went to Europe, where he took part in the invasions of Normandy and southern France. He returned to the Pacific in time for the invasion of the Philippines.
After the war, he was appointed Assistant to the Commissioner of the New York State Division of Housing by then Governor Dewey, and in 1949, Dewey appointed him to lead the New York State Commission Against Discrimination.
Diplomatic career.
In 1945, he was an assistant to John Foster Dulles, who became secretary of state in the Dwight D. Eisenhower administration, at the organizing conference of the United Nations at San Francisco.
In 1950, he began his formal career in diplomacy, as the Assistant U.S. Ambassador to France. He served in that role under Ambassadors David K. E. Bruce, James Clement Dunn, and C. Douglas Dillon until 1954. On August 17, 1955, Thayer was nominated as the U.S. Minister to Romania. He was commissioned during a recess of the U.S. Senate and recommissioned after confirmation on January 25, 1956, presenting his credentials on November 10, 1955, and serving until December 12, 1957. During his term, Soviet troops from Timișoara entered Hungary through the Romanian city of Oradea. In February 1957, he wrote to then Secretary of State John Foster Dulles stating:
"The Romanian Government is as usual straddling the fence with its customary skill. It is following Soviet instructions and its own inclination to keep its people from becoming too keen on us by attacking us publicly from every angle, and at the same time is keeping the door open for such economic and cultural advantages as it may glean at an appropriate moment."
After leaving his post, he then went to the State Department as Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs where he served until 1962. Later, Thayer was appointed a trustee of the National Trust for Historic Preservation from 1966 and was vice-chairman from 1975 to 1977.
Personal life.
On December 30, 1926, Thayer was married to Virginia Pratt (1905−1979). She was the daughter of lawyer, financier and philanthropist John Teele Pratt and Ruth Baker Pratt, the first U.S. Congresswoman from New York State, and granddaughter of Pratt Institute founder Charles Pratt. Her brother, Edwin H. Baker Pratt, was the headmaster of Buckingham Browne &amp; Nichols, and her sister, Phyllis Pratt, was married to Paul Nitze, the Secretary of the Navy and Deputy Secretary of Defense under President Lyndon B. Johnson. Together, they were the parents of three children:
Thayer died of leukemia at Georgetown University Hospital in Washington, D.C., on January 26, 1984, and is buried at Southborough Rural Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6936829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936829" title="Andrius Mamontovas">
Andrius Mamontovas

Andrius Mamontovas (born 23 August 1967) is a Lithuanian rock musician. He is also a songwriter, actor, performer and record producer. He was one of the co-founders of the Lithuanian rock band Foje and the initiator of the LT United project.
Personal life.
His father was Russian and mother Lithuanian. Since 1993, he has been a vegetarian.
Career.
In 1983, Andrius Mamontovas began his musical quest by forming Foje, one of the most popular bands in Lithuania. From 1983 until 1997 the band released 14 successful albums and won every possible music award along with the national acclaim. Among their many accomplishments, Foje toured European and American clubs, and at the last show held in Vilnius, with an audience of 60,000. This farewell performance still holds the all-time record in Lithuania.
After Foje was disbanded, Mamontovas began his solo career and has since been nominated and awarded best solo act in the national music awards. He currently holds 15 Bravo Awards (the Lithuanian equivalent to the Grammy Award ) in total, awarded for the best song, best album, best show, and best act of the year. Mamontovas has also written soundtracks for several short films, and music for the theater play "Ivanov" by Anton Chekhov (directed by Nekrošius) at Teatro Argentina in Rome.
Mamontovas' music had a profound influence in Lithuania. Having acted in videos and small scale movies, Andrius was invited to act a main role in "Hamlet", directed by Eimuntas Nekrošius. The play is still on world tour (since 1997) and has been performed over 180 times as of 2006.
Mamontovas' performance was the main act at the festival by the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin on 1 May 2004, celebrating Lithuania's accession to the European Union. He has also appeared in the concerts of Sting, Bryan Adams, and The Sugarcubes. Mamontovas has served as producer and songwriter for fellow artists as well.
Mamontovas initiated a LT United project, intended to represent Lithuania at the Eurovision Song Contest 2006. Their song "We Are The Winners" has achieved much recognition from both members of the recording industry and fellow artists. The band has gone on to record and release other tracks, and have performed in venues of Ireland, Germany, Iceland and Croatia among others.
In 2008, Andrius Mamontovas won the Jin-Jue award at the Shanghai International Film Festival for the best music for film ("Nereikalingi žmonės", 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="6936830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936830" title="Paul Huxley">
Paul Huxley

Paul Huxley RA (born 12 May 1938) is a British painter.
Biography.
Huxley was born in London. He attended Harrow School of Art from 1951 to 1956, and the Royal Academy Schools from 1956 to 1960.
His first solo exhibition was in 1963 at the Rowan Gallery, London, where he continued to exhibit regularly for two decades. Huxley has taken part in group exhibitions since 1959, when he exhibited in 'Young Contemporaries', London. In 1964 he participated in 'The New Generation' exhibition at the Whitechapel Art Gallery with Patrick Caulfield, David Hockney, John Hoyland and Bridget Riley. More recently he has been part of group exhibitions at the Barbican (1993), the Gulbenkian Centre for Modern Art, Lisbon (1997), and Kettle's Yard, Cambridge and Leicester City Art Gallery (both 1999).
In 1964 Huxley travelled to the United States as first prize in the Stuyvesant Travel Awards. In 1965 he won a prize at the Paris Biennale and then a Harkness Fellowship which let him return to the U.S., where he lived in New York for two years. He won the Linbury Trust Award in 1977, first prize in the Eastern Arts Exhibition in 1983 and a National Art Collections award for Outstanding Service to the Arts in 1995.
He taught at the Royal College of Art from 1976, and was Professor of Painting there from 1986 until 1998, when he became professor emeritus. He has worked as a visiting lecturer at Glasgow School of Art.
He was commissioned to make 22 ceramic mural designs for King's Cross St Pancras tube station in 1984, and has also produced work for the Rambert Dance Company (1991) and Pallant House Gallery, Chichester (2001).
Huxley was a member of the advisory panels for the Arts Council of Great Britain and the Serpentine Gallery. From 1975 to 1982 he was a trustee of the Tate Gallery, and also served as chairman of its Exhibitions Committee. He was elected to the Royal Academy in 1987 and has been its treasurer since 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="6936837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936837" title="Berne Trial">
Berne Trial

The Berne Trial or Bern Trial (German: Zionistenprozess) was a famous court case in Bern, Switzerland which took place between 1933 and 1935. Two organisations, the Swiss Federation of Jewish Communities () and the () sued the far-right Swiss National Front for distributing anti-Jewish propaganda. The trial focussed on the Front's use of the fraudulent antisemitic text, "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion". Ultimately decided in favour of the plaintiffs, the Front was ordered to pay a symbolic fine and court costs. However, the trial became significant both for the international coverage and also for the extensive evidence presented, demonstrating the falsehoods contained in "The Protocols".
Background.
Meeting in Bern's Casino.
The plaintiffs, the Schweizerischer Israelitischer Gemeindebund (SIG) and the Israelitische Kultusgemeinde Bern, sued the Bund Nationalsozialistischer Eidgenossen (BNSE) (Swiss president: Theodor Fischer at Zurich) which distributed anti-Semitic pamphlets during a meeting of June 13, 1933 organized by the National Front and the Heimatwehr in the Casino of Bern (with former chief of the Swiss General Staff and Frontist Emil Sonderegger as main speaker). The National Front distributed a print "Die zionistischen Protokolle, 13. Aufl. 1933" edited and introduced by the German anti-Semitic writer Theodor Fritsch. Silvio Schnell, the young man responsible for distribution of publications of the National Front was sued because he sold the print during the meeting. Theodor Fischer (BNSE) was sued as author of the pamphlet and editor of the journal "Der Eidgenosse" (Swiss Confederate) which published an offensive anti-Semitic article written by Alberto Meyer, Zurich, in the manner of Julius Streicher.
"Protocols of the Elders of Zion".
Frontist propaganda declared the Protocols of the Elders of Zion as authentic, i.e. as a secret program produced by Jewry in order to gain worldwide political power and control by every possible means (e.g. supporting corrupt politicians, bombing in underground-stations, economic measures etc.). Fritsch claimed in his incriminated edition that the Protocols of the Elders of Zion were produced during the First Zionist Congress at Basel (1897) and cited Rabbi Mordecai Ehrenpreis (1869–1951) from Stockholm Synagogue, who participated at the Basel Congress 1897, in a misleading manner as a pretended proof for Jewish authorship in the foreword of his incriminated print.
Litigation.
Main Court Session, October 29–31, 1934.
The trial soon focussed on the plagiarism and forgery of the notorious Protocols of the Elders of Zion. In the Main Session of 1934 witnesses were cited: Participants of the First Zionist Congress at Basel (1897), among them Rabbi M. Ehrenpreis; then several Russian witnesses living in exile (mainly at Paris) to tell the judge about a possible Russian origin of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion (as a forgery by the Tsarist police to promote anti-Semitic feelings during the time of Pogroms). The alleged link between Freemasonry and Jews was also a point of interest and masonic witnesses were cited. The plaintiffs nominated these witnesses and paid a considerable amount to the Court to make the appearance of those important eyewitnesses possible, among them also Chaim Weizmann, the future first president of the state of Israel. The only witness nominated by the defendants was Alfred Zander, Zurich, who wrote some articles on the Protocols of the Elders of Zion in the newspaper "Der eiserne Besen" (the iron broom) of the National Front.
Main Court Session, April 29 – May 13, 1935: Three experts.
In the Main Session 1935 three experts intervened: (1) C. A. Loosli, Bern-Bümpliz (expert appointed by the judge); (2) Arthur Baumgarten, Basel (expert appointed by the plaintiffs); (3) Ulrich Fleischhauer, Erfurt/Germany (anti-Semitic expert appointed by the defendants). The appointed experts had to answer four questions by the judge of the case, Walter Meyer:
Further questions to be answered by the experts were formulated by the plaintiffs. During this session no further witnesses were heard.
While the experts Arthur Baumgarten and C. A. Loosli declared the Protocols of the Elders of Zion as a plagiarism and a forgery produced by helpers of the tsarist Russian Okhrana, anti-Semitic expert Ulrich Fleischhauer claimed that they were genuine but of uncertain authorship, possibly composed by the Jewish author Ahad Haam and passed at a secret meeting of B'nai B'rith which purportedly took place in 1897 during the first Zionist Congress at Basel, Switzerland.
Decision and appeal.
Eventually, the defendants Theodor Fischer and Silvio Schnell were sentenced by Judge Walter Meyer in his verdict, while three other defendants were acquitted. The penalty was a quite symbolic fine: Fr. 50 (Fischer) and Fr. 20 (Schnell). However, the defendants found guilty would have to pay a larger sum of the costs of the trial and some of the costs of the plaintiffs. Commenting on his verdict in the court, judge Walter Meyer said he was convinced by his evaluation of the testimonies of the witnesses and the statements of the experts that the Protocols of the Elders of Zion are a forgery and "Schundliteratur" that might instigate crimes by agitation against a minority.
Theodor Fischer himself and the lawyer of Silvio Schnell (Hans Ruef, Bern) immediately appealed to the Berner Obergericht which acquitted both defendants in 1937 on purely formal legal grounds, arguing that the term "Schundliteratur" of the Bernese Law is not applicable to "political publications" but only to "immoral (obscene) publications". The Berner Obergericht refused the obligation of the private plaintiffs to pay the costs of defence of the acquitted defendants explaining that "the one who circulates such sort of most vulgar instigating articles has to pay himself the costs resulting from them." Fischer had to pay Fr. 100 to the state fees of the trial (Fr. 28'000, paid by the Canton of Bern).
Funding.
The defendants sought financing from the German Nazi party but were unsatisfied with the support they received. They also received support from multiple anti-Jewish organizations, especially the society "Welt-Dienst" ("World-Service") of Ulrich Fleischhauer, the expert appointed by the defendants. Joseph Goebbels' Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda initially promised support but later withdrew it. The plaintiffs and their supporting organizations financed a larger part of the costs of the citation of witnesses and of the pay of the experts C. A. Loosli and A. Baumgarten.
Important archival material, e.g. the so-called Russian Documents transmitted to expert Loosli.
The various findings of the court, regarding the series of events leading to the publication of the Protocols of the Elders of Zion, are now regarded as a treasure trove of archival material for scholars and historians.
Of special interest are the so-called "Russian Documents" transmitted to the expert C. A. Loosli with permission of the Soviet government by the librarian Tager in Moscow for personal use only, copies of authentic material from the tsarist administration, especially on the Russian Okhrana and on the Russian Jews. , a Swiss lawyer in Bern of Russian-Jewish origin speaking both Russian and German, had contacts to the Soviet administration and played an important role in procuring the "Russian documents" and contacting various Russian witnesses to appear at the court in 1934 (who were all opposed to Bolshevism).

</doc>
<doc id="6936848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936848" title="Deb Frisch">
Deb Frisch



</doc>
<doc id="6936854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936854" title="A Series of Tubes">
A Series of Tubes



</doc>
<doc id="6936858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936858" title="California State Polytechnic University College of Engineering">
California State Polytechnic University College of Engineering



</doc>
<doc id="6936859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936859" title="Copenhagen fire of 1795">
Copenhagen fire of 1795



</doc>
<doc id="6936866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936866" title="Peter J. Abbate Jr.">
Peter J. Abbate Jr.

Peter J. Abbate Jr. (born March 22, 1949) is a former American politician who represented District 49 in the New York State Assembly.
Abbate graduated from St. John's University and Bishop Ford Central Catholic High School.
First elected to the assembly in 1986, Abbate is the chair of the Committee on Governmental Employees, a position he has held since 2002, previously served as the chairman of the Committee on Real Property Taxation and the Committee on Cities.
Prior to his election to the assembly, Abbate served as the district representative for former Congressman Stephen J. Solarz, from 1974 to 1985, and previously as his legislative assistant while Solarz was a member of the assembly, 1973.
In 2022, Abbate was confronted by a local resident for removing lawn signs supporting Lee Zeldin from the ground in Midwood. Abbate said that the signs were breaking the law. Abbate was defeated in 2022 by Lester Chang.

</doc>
<doc id="6936869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936869" title="Ninety Minutes Live">
Ninety Minutes Live



</doc>
<doc id="6936873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936873" title="Blogstalker">
Blogstalker



</doc>
<doc id="6936875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936875" title="Lehigh Township">
Lehigh Township

Lehigh Township is the name of a few townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6936879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936879" title="Chevrolet Tornado">
Chevrolet Tornado



</doc>
<doc id="6936882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936882" title="The Ghost Pilot">
The Ghost Pilot

The Ghost Pilot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936883" title="Lehman Township">
Lehman Township



</doc>
<doc id="6936886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936886" title="Large File Summit">
Large File Summit



</doc>
<doc id="6936890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936890" title="Zielgerät 1229">
Zielgerät 1229

The ZG 1229 Vampir" 1229 (ZG 1229), also known by its code name Vampir", was an active infrared device developed for the "Wehrmacht" for the Sturmgewehr 44 assault rifle during World War II, intended primarily for night use. The ZG 1229 was designed by Allgemeine Elektrizitäts-Gesellschaft (AEG) and Forschungsanstalt der Deutschen Reichspost (RPF). It was produced by Ernst Leitz GmbH and approximately 310 units were built. A grenadier carrying it was known as a "Nachtjäger" (night-hunter).
Design.
The ZG 1229 Vampir weighed and was fitted with lugs on the StG 44 at C.G. Haenel in Suhl, the weapons production facility. As well as the sight and infrared spotlight, there was a wooden-cased battery for the light weighing , and a second battery fitted inside a gas mask container to power the image converter. This was all strapped to a "Tragegestell 39" (pack frame 1939). The searchlight consisted of a conventional tungsten light source shining through a filter permitting only infrared light. The sensor operated in the near-infrared (light) spectrum rather than in the thermal infrared (heat) spectrum and was, therefore, not sensitive to body heat.
The image given was described as being of great brilliance and good contrast. Standing men could be discerned up to , especially when moving. However, reports indicate that ZG 1229 units were extremely delicate and considered too cumbersome for attack situations.
Use.
Successful tests of the infrared sighting device for hand fire arms were made by the Panzergrenadiere during February and March of 1945. (According to other reports — the army trials never took place.) 
Deployment of StG 44s with ZG 1229 sights began only in the last months of the war, and most researchers agree that there is no reliable information considering combat use of the sights of this type.
Nevertheless, Waldemar Trojca quotes Eastern Front veterans who claimed to have encountered German snipers using night sights on small arms:
However, here he contradicts his own statement that the ZG 1229 was first used in combat in February 1945. In addition, the short target detection range would have made the use of this sight by snipers and machine gunners extremely difficult, if not impossible. 
Similar infrared gear (FG 1250) was fitted to the machine guns of Pz.Kpfw. V "Panther" tanks and Sd.Kfz. 251 "Falke" armored personnel carriers.

</doc>
<doc id="6936891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936891" title="Split level">
Split level

Split level may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6936902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936902" title="Höllentour">
Höllentour



</doc>
<doc id="6936904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936904" title="Lauria Nandangarh">
Lauria Nandangarh

 
Lauria Nandangarh, also Lauriya Navandgarh, is a city or town about 14 km from Narkatiaganj (or Shikarpur) and 28 km from Bettiah in West Champaran district of Bihar state in northern India. It is situated near the banks of the Burhi Gandak River. The village draws its name from a pillar (laur) of Ashoka standing there and the stupa mound Nandangarh (variant Nanadgarh) about 2 km south-west of the pillar. Lauriya Nandangarh is a historical site located in West Champaran district of Bihar. Remains of Mauryan period have been found here.
History &amp; Archaeological Excavations.
Lauriya has 15 Stupa mounds in three rows, each row upwards of 600 m; the first row begins near the pillar and goes E to W, while the other two are at right angles to it and parallel to each other.
Alexander Cunningham partially excavated one of them in 1862 and found a retaining wall of brick (size 51 X 20 cm). A few years later Henry Bailey Wade Garrick excavated several mounds with indifferent results. In 1905 T. Block excavated four mounds, two in each of the N to S rows. In two of them, he found at the center of each, at a depth of "1.8 m to 3.6 m" (probably meaning 1.8 m in one and 3.6 m in the other) a gold leaf with a female figurine standing in frontal pose and a small deposit of burnt human bones mixed with charcoal. The core of the mounds was, according to him, built of layers of yellow clay, a few centimeters in thickness, with grass leaves laid between. Further down in one of them he found the stump of a tree. His conclusions were that the earthen barrows had some connection with the funeral rites of the people who erected them, and he found an explanation of the phenomena encountered by him in the rites of cremation and post-cremation prescribed in the Vedas. On the basis of this hypothesis he identified the gold female figurine as the earth goddess Prithvi and ascribed the mounds to a pre-Mauryan age. After him the mounds came to be known loosely as "Vedic burial mounds". The locals call these mounds Bhisa, a word also recorded by Cunningham. Some believe that the 26-metre-high ancient brick sepulchral mound is the stupa where the ashes of Lord Buddha were enshrined.
In 1935–36, archaeologist Nani Gopal Majumdar re-examined the four mounds with important results. He found that all of them were earthen burial memorials with burnt brick revetments, two being faced with a brick lining in a double tier, so that there was no justification of regarding them as mere earthen barrows. He also pointed out that the golden leaves found by Block had their exact replica in the Stupa at Piprahwa which is definitely a Buddhist Stupa of 300 B.C. or earlier. The respective Lauriya Stupas might be of a comparable date and there is nothing to connect them with Vedic burial rites. The layers of yellow clay which had a share in the building up of the Vedic theory of Block, are according to observations of archaeologist Amalananda Ghosh, nothing but mud bricks, husk and straw being a common ingredient in ancient brick.
Excavation of the Nandangarh site was started by Majumdar in 1935 and continued by Ghosh until 1939. Before excavation the mound had a height of 25 m and a circumference of about 460 m, standing at the East of a brick fortification about 1.6 km in perimeter and roughly oval of plan, no doubt enclosing a habitation area, perhaps the headquarters of a clan that was responsible for the erection of the Lauriya Stupas. Surface finds indicate that it was inhabited in Shunga (if not earlier) and Kushans times.
On excavation, Nandangarh turned out to be stupendous Stupa with a polygonal or cruciform base; with its missing dome which must have been proportionately tall, the Stupa must have been one of the highest in India.
The walls of the four cardinal directions at the base (only the W ones and partly the S ones were excavated) are each 32 m long and the wall between each has a zigzag course with 14 re-entrant and 13 outer angles. The walls flanking the first and second terraces following the polygonal plan of the base; those pertaining to the upper terraces were circular. An extensive later restoration hid the four upper walls and provided new circular ones; the polygonal plan of the walls of the base and the first terrace were left unaltered. The top of each terrace served as a pradakshina-path (South facing pathway), though no staircase to reach the top was found in the excavated portion.
The core of the stupa consists of a filling of earth with a large number of animal and human figurines in the Shunga and Kushana idiom, a few punch marked coins and cast copper coins, terracotta sealing of the 2nd and 1st century B.C. and iron objects. As the earth was brought from outside, obviously from a part of the habitation area to the south of the stupa where the resultant pond is still visible, the objects are understandably not stratified.
In a shaft dug into center of the mound an undisturbed filling was found at a depth of 4.3 m the remains of a brick altar 1 m high; it has previously been truncated, perhaps by one of the explorers of the 19th and the early 20th centuries. Further down at a depth of 4.6 m from the bottom of the altar the top of an intact, miniature stupa was found, complete with a surmounting square umbrella. This stupa is 3.6 m high and polygonal on plan. An examination of its interior yielded nothing meaningful, but beside there lay a tiny copper vessel with a lid fastened to it by a wire. Inside the vessel was a long strip of the birch leaf manuscript, which having been squeezed into it was so fragile that it was impossible to spread it out and examine thoroughly without damaging it. The bits that could be extricated showed Buddhist text (probably the Pratītyasamutpāda since the word nirodha could be read a few times) written in characters of the 4th century A.D. No excavations were made at a further depth.
Pillar of Ashoka.
Less than half a kilometer from the village and 2 km from the mound, stands the famous pillar of Ashoka. It is a single block of polished sandstone over 32 feet (10 m) high. The top is bell shaped with a circular abacus ornamented with Brahmi geese supporting the statue of a lion.
The pillar is inscribed with the edicts of Ashoka in clear and beautifully cut characters. The lion has been chipped in the mouth and the column bears the mark of time just below the top which has itself been slightly dislodged. Signs of vandalism over the years are clearly visible.

</doc>
<doc id="6936907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936907" title="List of Colonial Governors of New York">
List of Colonial Governors of New York



</doc>
<doc id="6936911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936911" title="Leon Township">
Leon Township



</doc>
<doc id="6936925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936925" title="Aaron Antonovsky">
Aaron Antonovsky

Aaron Antonovsky (; 19 December 1923 – 7 July 1994) was an Israeli American sociologist and academic whose work concerned the relationship between stress, health and well-being (salutogenesis).
Biography.
Antonovsky was born in the United States in 1923. After completing his PhD at Yale University, he emigrated to Israel in 1960. For a time he held positions in Jerusalem at the Israeli Institute for Applied Social Research and in the Department of Medical Sociology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. During this period his early work emphasized social class differences in morbidity and mortality.
In 1972, he helped establish the medical school at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, and held the Kunin-Lunenfeld Chair in Medical Sociology. During his twenty years in that department, Antonovsky developed his theory of health and illness, which he termed salutogenesis. This model was described in his 1979 book, "Health, Stress and Coping", followed by his 1987 work, "Unraveling the Mystery of Health".
A key concept in Antonovsky's theory concerns how specific personal dispositions serve to make individuals more resilient to the stressors they encounter in daily life. Antonovsky identified these characteristics, which he claimed helped a person better cope (and remain healthy) by providing that person a "sense of coherence" about life and its challenges; Helen Antonovsky (his wife) developed a scale ("Orientation to life questionnaire") in 1987 to measure it. Recent research in psychoneuroimmunology has supported the relationship between emotions and health contained in Antonovsky's theory. Antonovsky died in 1994.
Notes and references.
Works cited

</doc>
<doc id="6936930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936930" title="Inside Jam!">
Inside Jam!



</doc>
<doc id="6936932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936932" title="Belohina">
Belohina

Belohina inexpectata is a species of polyphagan beetles and the sole member of family Belohinidae. It is endemic to southern Madagascar. Only a few specimens of this species are known.

</doc>
<doc id="6936933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936933" title="Al Brazle">
Al Brazle

Alpha Eugene Brazle (October 19, 1913 – October 24, 1973) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. The left-hander was signed by the Boston Red Sox as an amateur free agent in 1936, and later traded to the St. Louis Cardinals for pitcher Mike Ryba in September, 1940. He played his entire MLB career for the Cards (1943, 1946–1954). In 1954, at the age of 40, he was the oldest player to appear in a National League game that season.
After the 1954 season was over, Brazle was signed by the Chicago White Sox. He was subsequently released by Chicago without playing a regular season game for the team.
Brazle played 7½ years in the minor leagues before he became a 29-year-old Cardinal rookie. He completed 47 of 117 starts, with 7 shutouts, and twice led the National League in saves (1952 and 1953).
Brazle finished in the league's top ten in a dozen pitching categories, including games pitched (7 times), saves (6 times), games finished (5 times), winning percentage (4 times), and earned run average (3 times).
His career totals include a record of 97–64 (.602), 441 games, 60 saves, 178 games finished, 1376.2 innings pitched, 554 strikeouts, and a 3.31 ERA. He was a member of two pennant-winning clubs, losing in the 1943 World Series to the New York Yankees, and winning the 1946 World Series against the Boston Red Sox.
Brazle died at the age of 60 in Grand Junction, Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="6936934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936934" title="The Ultimate Internship">
The Ultimate Internship



</doc>
<doc id="6936935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936935" title="Tim Stamper (TV Character)">
Tim Stamper (TV Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6936946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936946" title="Plasmodium yoelii">
Plasmodium yoelii

Plasmodium yoelii is a parasite of the genus "Plasmodium" subgenus "Vinckeia". As in all "Plasmodium" species, "P. yoelii" has both vertebrate and insect hosts. The vertebrate hosts for this parasite are mammals.
Taxonomy.
This species was described in 1968 by Landau, Michel and Adam. Three subspecies are recognised:
Distribution.
This species occurs in Africa.
Vectors.
The natural vectors of this species are not currently known. One possible is the female "Anopheles" mosquito which serves as a vector for "Plasmodium vivax".
Hosts.
This species infects "Thamnomys rutilans."
Pathogenesis.
"P. yoelii" impairs immune responses including impairing responses to other pathogens. Fewer granulocytes move out from the bone marrow and in a separate action induces the rodent's own heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1). Although HO-1 induction is a tolerance response by the host to malaria preventing damage caused by the host's own immune response the reduced reactive oxygen species production takes away a weapon vital to fighting some unrelated microbes. Cunnington et al. 2012 find mice tolerating "P. yoelii" 17XNL do "not" clear coinfections with other pathogens as easily as they normally would.
Notes.
It is used in the laboratory to infect mice, as a model of human malaria, particularly with respect to the immune response. It is advantageous to have a whole-animal model of malaria because often it is difficult to know which factors to study "in vitro", particularly in a complex system like the immune system. Moreover, for many experiments it is not ethical or practical to use humans.
One of the special things about this particular model is that it has two strains with vastly different pathogenicity. These are generally referred to as the "lethal" and "non-lethal" strains of the species. Comparison of these two strains can be used to deduce which factors may contribute to more serious malaria infections in humans.

</doc>
<doc id="6936949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936949" title="First-order phase transition">
First-order phase transition



</doc>
<doc id="6936953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936953" title="What's Good For You?">
What's Good For You?



</doc>
<doc id="6936963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936963" title="Long Lake Township">
Long Lake Township

Long Lake Township may refer to the following townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6936966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936966" title="Sheikh Yamani Ahmed Zaki">
Sheikh Yamani Ahmed Zaki



</doc>
<doc id="6936967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936967" title="She Cries Your Name">
She Cries Your Name

"She Cries Your Name" is a song by Beth Orton. It was released as her third single and found on her 1993 debut album "Superpinkymandy" and again, as a slightly different version, on her 1996 release "Trailer Park". It was also re-released in 1997, with a different set of B-sides.
Background.
The earliest version of "She Cries Your Name" appeared on Orton's 1993 debut album "Superpinkymandy". Another early version of "She Cries Your Name" appeared on the 1995 William Orbit album "Strange Cargo Hinterland". The "Strange Cargo Hinterland" version removed Orton's verses from the "Superpinkymandy" version, but retains her chorus vocals and the original instrumentation. The third and best-known version of the track appeared on Orton's second album, "Trailer Park". This version includes all of the lyrics from the "Superpinkymandy" version, but with different production.
"She Cries Your Name" was the lead single for "Trailer Park", released in September 1996. The single was re-released in June 1997 with a different set of B-sides. The initial release peaked at #76, and the re-release at #40 in the UK official singles chart. 
Video.
The video for "She Cries Your Name" was shot in a trailer park in the Mojave Desert, which inspired the title of Orton's "Trailer Park" LP. MTV placed the video into active rotation on September 16, 1997.
Reception.
Critics praised Orton's blend of genres on "She Cried Your Name," one reviewer for "Option" calling the blend of trip-hop, folk music, and soul music "smooth." BBC London presenter Gary Crowley, speaking to "Billboard", called "She Cried Your Name" "a fantastic piece of mood music, like a singer/songwriter with a club feel." "Spin" critic Sarah Vowell called the single the standout track from "Trailer Park": "a bittersweet ballad that tastes like tea brewed from tears." 
A 2009 retrospective in "Pitchfork" praised the single's longevity, in particular Orton's "cozy, impressionistic Americana sketches" of the lyrics and the production by Victor Van Vugt.

</doc>
<doc id="6936971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936971" title="Alpandeire, Spain">
Alpandeire, Spain

Alpandeire is a Spanish municipality and village located in the Ronda area, near the peak of Jarestepar, (1,421 metres high), and surrounded by rugged scenery. A number of streams run through its territory. The municipality belongs to Málaga province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia.
History.
In Moorish times, Alpandeire was a fort built by the Saracens after the battle of Guadalete. It is believed that there were human settlements in Alpandeire in pre-historic times, since burial grounds discovered in the area point right to the Iron and Bronze Ages.
In 1815 Alpandeire obtained the title of Villazgo as an award by Fernando VII for the stubborn resistance of its population during the French occupation.
The "Virgen del Rosario" is the traditional patron saint of Alpandeire.
Place of birth of the blessed Fray Leopoldo, in the present days this locality serves as a pilgrimage site where locals and outsiders pay tribute to the man of "Las tres aves María".
Demography.
The municipality has a population of 291 (male: 144, female: 147), an area of 31 km2 and a population density of 9.04. Six (5%) of the Alpandeire residents are foreigners.
Local administration.
The mayor for the 2023-2027 term is independent Maria Dolores Bullón Ayala.

</doc>
<doc id="6936972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936972" title="ZG 1229">
ZG 1229



</doc>
<doc id="6936974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936974" title="Ace, King, Queen">
Ace, King, Queen



</doc>
<doc id="6936979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936979" title="Adrian Balboa">
Adrian Balboa



</doc>
<doc id="6936981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936981" title="Vampir">
Vampir



</doc>
<doc id="6936986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936986" title="Ace-King-Queen">
Ace-King-Queen



</doc>
<doc id="6936992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936992" title="Ace King Queen">
Ace King Queen



</doc>
<doc id="6936996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6936996" title="Louisville Township">
Louisville Township

Louisville Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937005" title="Adikavi Pampa">
Adikavi Pampa

Pampa (), also referred to by the honorific Ādikavi (Poet of adinath purana), was a Kannada-language Jain poet whose works reflected his philosophical beliefs. He was a court poet of Vemulavada Chalukya king Arikesari II, who was a feudatory of the Rashtrakuta Emperor Krishna III. Pampa is best known for his epics or "Pampa Bharata", and the "Ādi purāṇa", both written in the "champu" style around . These works served as the model for all future "champu" works in Kannada.
The works of Jain writers Pampa celebrated as one of the “three gems” (Ratnatraya) of classical "Kannada literature" alongside Sri Ponna (poet) and Ranna (Kannada poet). heralded the 10th century era of medieval Kannada literature.
Early life.
Pampa was born around 902 CE in the Vengi region (present-day Andhra Pradesh) into a Jain family. Though sometimes mistakenly described simply as a "Brahmin," his family followed a Jain Brahmans tradition, which was also present in Jainism. also called Jain Pandits—which had its own priestly and scholarly roles devoted to Jain worship and philosophy. Also he wrote Adipurana (Adinath Purana) about the first Tirthankara of Jainism. their actual place of origin and native is debated. According to the trilingual inscription (in Sanskrit, Kannada and Telugu) installed by Pampa's younger brother Jinavallabha at Bommalamma Gutta in Kurikiyala village, Gangadharam mandal (in modern-day Telangana), his father was Abhimanadevaraya (also known as Bhimappayya) and mother was Abbanabbe. It also indicated that his grandfather was Abhimanachandra who belonged to the Jain Brahmin (Jain Pandits) and hailed from Vangiparru in Kammanadu in present-day Guntur district, Andhra Pradesh. 
In the eastern Deccan ruled by Chalukyas of Vengi and Vemulavada was considered as Kannada speaking territory under the rule of Chalukyas and Rashtrakutas, renowned Kannada poets like Pampa and Ponna hailed from Vengi. Kannada dynasties like Chalukyas and Rashtrakutas had dominated the whole of Deccan and the influence of the Kannada language was felt from the Kaveri and Godavari and even beyond. Hence there were many Kannada families residing in modern Telangana and Andhra Pradesh and Pampa was one of them. According to the modern Jain scholar Hampa Nagarajaiah ("Hampana"), Pampa was born in Annigeri, spent his early childhood on the banks of the nearby Varada river and his mother Abbanabbe was the granddaughter of Joyisa Singha of Annigeri in the modern Dharwad district of Karnataka state. Frequent descriptions of the beauty of the Banavasi region (in the modern Uttara Kannada district) and even the sprinkling ("abhisheka") of water from the Varada river on Arjuna's head during his coronation in Pampa's epic "Vikramarjuna Vijaya" testifies to the poet's attachment to the Banavasi region. Through the lines "aarankusamittodam nenevudenna manam banvaasi deshamam" and "puttidirdode maridumbiyaagi men kogileyaagi nandanavanadol banavaasi deshadol" he has expressed his deep attachment towards Banavasi.
Poetic life.
A well-travelled man, he settled down as the court poet of King Arikesari II. Flattered by his knowledge and poetic abilities, Arikesari (who possessed the title Gunarnava) conferred on him the title "Kavita Gunarnava". At the age of 39 he wrote his first masterpiece, "Ādi purāṇa", in 941, and a little later he completed Vikramarjuna Vijaya popularly known as Pampa Bharata. These two works have remained unparalleled works of classic Kannada composition.
Adipurana.
The "Ādi purāṇa", written in the "champu" style, a mixed form of prose and verse, is a Kannada version of the Sanskrit work by Jinasena and details in sixteen cantos the life of the first Tirthankara of Jainism, Rishabhanath. The work focuses in his own unique style the pilgrimage of a soul to perfection and attainment of moksha. In the work, Pampa describes the struggle for power and control over the entire world of two brothers "Bharata" and "Bahubali", sons of Rishabha. While Bahubali wins, he renounces the worldly pursuits in favor of his brother. Many Jain "puranas" of Middle Ages found a role model in this work.

</doc>
<doc id="6937008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937008" title="Lebonese">
Lebonese



</doc>
<doc id="6937010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937010" title="WWVW-LD">
WWVW-LD



</doc>
<doc id="6937012" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937012" title="1978 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1978 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1978 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 1978 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Richard Riley, the Democratic nominee, defeated Republican Edward Lunn Young and became the 111th governor of South Carolina.
Democratic primary.
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor on June 13, featuring three high tier candidates. Richard Riley, a former member of the General Assembly, emerged as the winner of the runoff election over Lieutenant Governor W. Brantley Harvey Jr. on June 27.
Republican primary.
The South Carolina Republican Party held their primary for governor on June 13. The race between Edward Lunn Young and Raymon Finch drew little interest compared to the Democratic primary and turnout for the Republican was less than that of 1974. Young defeated Finch in a close contest and earned the right to face Riley in the general election.
General election.
The general election was held on November 7, 1978 and Richard Riley was elected as the next governor of South Carolina. Turnout was higher than the previous gubernatorial election because of the increasingly competitive nature of the race between the two parties.
 
 

</doc>
<doc id="6937016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937016" title="Embalmment">
Embalmment



</doc>
<doc id="6937017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937017" title="Ceasaria">
Ceasaria



</doc>
<doc id="6937023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937023" title="Mezzetino">
Mezzetino

Mezzetino or Mezzettino () is a character from the commedia dell'arte, and is considered by Duchartre to be a variant on the stock character Brighella. His name means 'Half-Measure (of liquor)' in Medieval Italian, and he is sometimes called in French and English plays "Mezzetin". He first appeared in the 16th century.
Mezzetino is an adept schemer and trouble-maker, willing to commit acts of violence if necessary, but on the whole a little calmer than his brother Brighella, and much more gentle and cultivated, especially in his later life. He is often very musically inclined, and can sing and dance with skill. His character can vary greatly: he can be a loyal servant or simply scheming for his master's downfall; he can be a deceitful husband or be deceived by his wife. He also seems to be rather more interested in the ladies than is Brighella, often coming over as rather creepy in his efforts to flirt.
His costume has gone through similar variations to Brighella's, beginning as a baggy white costume like that worn by the Zanni, but later evolving into a livery or else a tunic and breeches, usually with stripes, and some sort of hat as an accessory. Whereas Brighella's color is green, Mezzetino's is red or burgundy. He is sometimes played without a mask, especially in later versions, after the manner in which played him; but when masked it is either brown or rust colored. Callot shows him holding a sword as part of the ensemble. He is also sometimes dressed in a manner that closely resembles the habit of Harlequin, as in the famous Nymphenburg Porcelain, hence some people's belief that he is a variant not on Brighella but on Harlequin. He almost always wears a short cape, called "tabaro", which has its origins in the plays of ancient Rome.
Examples of Mezzetino's character.
In one French play, Mezzetin attempts to flirt with the "innamorata" Isabelle. He tells her how in 6 years of marriage he and his first wife never had one fight, until she tried to stop him from sneezing, for which act he murdered her. When Isabelle tries to send him away by pointing out that she is herself already married, he points out that so is he, and that "five sous' worth of rat poison will do the trick" to solve that.
Marjorie Bowen, writing as George R Preedy, cast Mezzetin as a character in "Homage to the Unknown (Omaggio a la Incognita)." This play is included in her work "Bagatelle and some other Diversions". In the play Mezzetin remarks, "...We give to the old memories, to the young hopes, to all another illusion either in the past or the future, and if our benefits are not very substantial we never destroy anything, not even the tenderest, sweetest falsehood. Perhaps you want to know who we are? We do not know ourselves. We have a thousand shapes, a thousand names."

</doc>
<doc id="6937025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937025" title="Jumper (Third Eye Blind song)">
Jumper (Third Eye Blind song)

"Jumper" is a song by American rock band Third Eye Blind from their eponymous debut studio album (1997). The song was written and produced by frontman Stephan Jenkins, with additional production by Eric Valentine. Elektra Records released it as the fifth and final single from the album on August 4, 1998. An alternative rock and acoustic power pop song, the lyrics concern an act of suicide, as Jenkins urges for a greater amount of human compassion.
Music critics found the lyrics of "Jumper" to tread familiar territory, but some of them praised the track's overall composition. In the United States, the song peaked at number five on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in addition to peaking in the top ten for several genre-specific charts. It also reached the top ten in Canada. The song was recorded and mixed in and around San Francisco at Toast Studios, Skywalker Ranch, H.O.S., and The Site by Valentine. "Jumper" is a lament centrally inspired by the suicide of a bullied gay teenager. However, Jenkins also was inspired by his own dysfunctional experiences when growing up. The instrumentation used in the song includes guitars and a piano.
The song is notable for its diegetic use by Jim Carrey's character in the movie "Yes Man", whereby Carrey's character plays a spontaneous cover of the song on an acoustic guitar to persuade a would-be jumper from taking their own life.
Writing and inspiration.
"Jumper" was written solely by frontman Stephan Jenkins. Jenkins intended to write a song about the perils of bullying, with the song's narrative focusing on a "friend who’s gay jumping off a bridge and killing themselves." This narrative was inspired by a friend of band manager Eric Godtland who committed suicide in high school due to bullying he endured for his sexuality. In an interview with SongFacts, Jenkins said that the concept of the song was further developed through his own alienating childhood experiences. Despite being written as a lament, Jenkins expressed that a broader message of "Jumper" is to have an understanding and compassion for one another. He further explained the meaning of the song:
"Jumper" is about a guy who jumped off the Coronado Bridge and killed himself. It's kind of a noir-inspired story, and the point was if we have more understanding for each other, then we might give each other credit. And if you don’t want to see me again, I'd understand. Sometimes when you really help people and you make yourself vulnerable and they can’t really see you [afterwards]. I had a friend who was raped and she needed money for medical care. [A]nd she was ashamed and couldn’t talk to her parents about it... basically, after I helped her she didn’t want to see me. She gave a bit too much of herself. I understood that.
Since the release of "Jumper," Jenkins has identified that the meaning of the song has changed for many listeners. He felt that the song's meaning was not entirely understood upon release, although "[n]ow it has this real levity. It's this huge moment of release for the audience." Lyndsey Parker from Yahoo! Entertainment designated the song as an "anti-bullying anthem," which prompted Jenkins to acknowledge that he believes "Jumper" has resonated among many LGBT listeners.
Recording and mixing.
Speaking on the recording of "Jumper", Jenkins commented: "I was looking for a real thud in the drums… I wanted a thickness in midrange, so we put the drums in a smaller room and opened the doors so it had a sense of breathing. For 'Jumper,' I gave Brad — who uses these big sticks — I gave him some small sticks, and put the riser in the middle of the room and did it with no reverb, like a Beatles thing." Eric Valentine was responsible for the mixing of the track, which was made at The Site, H.O.S, and Toast Studios. Ted Jensen mastered the track at Sterling Sound Studios in New York City.
Composition.
"Jumper" is an alternative rock and acoustic power pop song. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Alfred Publishing, the song is written in the key of C major and is set in time signature of common time with a tempo of 88 beats per minute. Jenkins' vocal range spans one octave, from C4 to A5.
Critical reception.
Justin Joffe of Observer referred to the song as a "catchy acoustic jangle" that addresses suicide. Mark Jenkins of "The Washington Post" believed the song's lyrical content of "potential suicide" treaded familiar territory.
Chart performance.
In the United States, "Jumper" debuted at number 16 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart for the issue dated December 5, 1998. The song spent a total of 20 weeks on the chart, peaking at number five for the issue dated January 30, 1999.
Music video.
Background.
The music video was directed by Yariv Gaber. As a friend of drummer Brad Hargreaves, American model Anna Nicole Smith visited the set on the day of shooting, which led to her making an appearance in the video.
Synopsis.
The video primarily takes place in a crowded club and focuses on a young man who wanders in and around the surrounding area of the city; interacting with various people. Stephan Jenkins primarily sings while Kevin Cadogan is seen making out with various women, some of whom are implied to be escorts. A pregnant street walker, a promiscuous and flirtatious hustler, and a free-spirited partier are those shown frequently throughout the video. Eventually, Jenkins sings directly to the young man who seems empowered by the message. As the video ends, Jenkins briefly transforms into a little boy playing a snare drum to match with the ending of the song.
Live performances.
In September 2015, Jenkins joined Demi Lovato on their iHeartRadio Music Festival set for a performance of "Jumper". The song was performed at a charity concert at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame to a crowd of 2016 Republican National Convention attendees. The band performed "Jumper" and "Non-Dairy Creamer" in protest of the Republican Party's party platform, with Jenkins speaking out in support of LGBT rights and science.
Credits and personnel.
Credits and personnel are adapted from the "Third Eye Blind" album liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="6937027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937027" title="2006 Progressive Enterprises Lock-out">
2006 Progressive Enterprises Lock-out



</doc>
<doc id="6937032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937032" title="Evening gown match">
Evening gown match



</doc>
<doc id="6937040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937040" title="Georgia State Route 338">
Georgia State Route 338

State Route 338 (SR 338) is a state highway that travels south-to-north in a sideways V-shape completely within Laurens County in the central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It connects Cadwell with the Dublin area, via Dudley.
Route description.
SR 338 begins at an intersection with SR 117 (Main Street) in Cadwell, where the roadway continues south as Old Eastman Road. The route travels to the north-northwest, to the town of Dexter, where it has a concurrency with SR 257 (North Main Street). The route continues to the north-northwest, and enters Dudley. It curves to the northeast, to an interchange with Interstate 16 (I-16; Jim Gillis Historic Savannah Parkway) in the southwestern part of the town. In the northeastern part of town, SR 338 intersects US 80/SR 19/SR 26. The route continues traveling to the northeast until it meets its northern terminus, an intersection with US 441/SR 29 northwest of Dublin. Here, the roadway continues northeast as Holly Ridge Road.
SR 338 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.
History.
The highway that would eventually become SR 338 was built by the end of 1953 as an unnumbered road from Caldwell to Dudley. By mid-1954, the road had been extended to US 441/SR 29, northwest of Dublin. By mid-1963, the entire roadway was designated as SR 338.

</doc>
<doc id="6937052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937052" title="Karim Camara">
Karim Camara

Karim Camara (born June 3, 1971) is an American pastor and former Democratic member of the New York State Assembly, where he represented the 43rd Assembly District which includes parts of the Brooklyn neighborhoods of Crown Heights, Lefferts Gardens and East Flatbush. He is the founding and senior pastor of the Abundant Life Church in Brooklyn and was previously the executive pastor of First Baptist Church of Crown Heights. He was also the New York State Faith Director for the then-U.S. Senator Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.
He was first elected to the State Assembly in a November 2005 special election to replace Clarence Norman Jr. In February 2015, he vacated his seat to become executive director of the Office of Faith-Based Community Development.
Early life and education.
A native of Brooklyn, Camara (born Karim Abdur-Razzaq) spent most of his childhood in Crown Heights, Brooklyn which is in the Assembly District he now represents. He also spent formative years both in Queens and on a farm in Westtown, New York (Orange County).
He graduated from Brooklyn Friends School in 1988. He went on to attain his B.A. in English Literature and Chemistry from Xavier University of Louisiana and a Masters of Divinity from the New York Theological Seminary.
Early career and personal life.
He was the fundraising director for the Cush Campus Schools in Brooklyn, of which his mother is a founder and the principal.
Camara resides in Brooklyn with his wife, Orelia Merchant, a federal district court judge, and their two children.

</doc>
<doc id="6937055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937055" title="Vanuatu kingfisher">
Vanuatu kingfisher

The Vanuatu kingfisher or chestnut-bellied kingfisher (Todiramphus farquhari) is a medium-sized kingfisher found only on the islands of Espiritu Santo, Malo and Malakula in Vanuatu.
It is dark blue above with richly coloured orange underparts. There is a white spot in front of the eye and a broad black band on the side of the head. It has a white throat and collar. It measures in length and weighs . The call is a series of loud, shrill, piping notes. The only other kingfisher in Vanuatu is the Pacific kingfisher which has paler blue-green upperparts, whiter underparts and a buff stripe above the eye.
The Vanuatu kingfisher mainly eats insects, especially beetles, and will also take spiders and small lizards. It usually hunts by perching on a branch and waiting for prey to appear. When it spots something it flies into the air or dives down to the ground or a tree trunk to catch it.
The nest is sometimes built in a hole in a palm tree or tree fern but usually a pair will excavate a burrow in a termite mound in a tree. They dig with their large bill and clear out material with their feet. After about fifteen days the burrow is completed and the termites seal off their sections. Three or four white eggs are laid. The breeding season is mostly from November to February with eggs laid in December.
The birds mainly inhabit dense rainforests in the interior of the islands, particularly above . They are believed to be declining due to loss and degradation of the forest.

</doc>
<doc id="6937059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937059" title="The National Dream">
The National Dream

The National Dream may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937064" title="Solidus (disambiguation)">
Solidus (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6937067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937067" title="Godokoro">
Godokoro

 is a title that was given in Japan from the beginning of the Edo period until the Meiji Restoration. In that period it was the highest official standing that could be attained by a go player. Literally it is a metonym, meaning the 'go office'.
The title was created by Tokugawa Ieyasu and was given by the Jisha-bugyō (Commissioner of Temples and Shrines). The Godokoro was required to be a Meijin and to be the best player in the land. 
The Godokoro was responsible for approving rank promotions, mediating disputes between the Four go houses, being a Go tutor to the shōgun, approving terms of challenge matches, and keeping the Go world running smoothly. The position was a lifetime commitment because the man who held the position was excused from playing any games that would cause him to lose the position of Godokoro or Meijin.

</doc>
<doc id="6937068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937068" title="Jeroen van Damme">
Jeroen van Damme

Jeroen van Damme (born 29 September 1972 in Roosendaal, North Brabant) is a Dutch long distance track, and road running athlete.
On 10 April 2005 Van Damme finished the Rotterdam Marathon in 2:13:48, qualifying for the 2005 World Championships in Athletics where he finished in 58th position.
Van Damme finished second in the St. Bavoloop on 17 June 2007 in Rijsbergen.

</doc>
<doc id="6937070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937070" title="Todiramphus farquhari">
Todiramphus farquhari



</doc>
<doc id="6937092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937092" title="Todirhamphus farquhari">
Todirhamphus farquhari



</doc>
<doc id="6937101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937101" title="Halcyon farquhari">
Halcyon farquhari



</doc>
<doc id="6937104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937104" title="Princess Toto">
Princess Toto

Princess Toto is a three-act comic opera by W. S. Gilbert and his early collaborator Frederic Clay. Its pre-London tour opened on 24 June 1876 at the Theatre Royal, Nottingham, starring Kate Santley, W. S. Penley and J. H. Ryley. It transferred to the Royal Strand Theatre in London on 2 October 1876 for a run of only 48 performances. Brief New York and Boston runs followed in 1879–80 starring Leonora Braham and Ryley, and there were later tours in the US. "Princess Toto" was revived in 1881 at the Opera Comique in London for a run of 65 performances (starring Richard Temple). There was also an 1886 revival in Australia.
Background.
"Princess Toto" was the last work in a long and successful partnership with Clay that had produced four of Gilbert's major musical works up to that date. The year before, Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan, Clay's friend, had premiered their hit "Trial by Jury", and after "Princess Toto", Gilbert would not collaborate on any further operas with anyone other than Sullivan for the next 15 years.
Despite Clay's tuneful score and Gilbert's amusing libretto, the piece was not a major success, although it did enjoy the various tours and revivals over the years. After the initial production at Nottingham and the subsequent provincial tour, Gilbert sold the performing rights to Clay for a period of ten years. Therefore, it was Clay who oversaw the London productions of 1876 and 1881, and also the New York production and American tours during 1879–80 and later. The theatrical newspaper "The Era" gave a positive review of the New York production.
The most recent professional production that has been traced was staged by the Birmingham
Repertory Company in 1935. A number of amateur companies have staged the piece since the early 1990s.
The publisher of the music, Cramer &amp; Co., stated that the band parts and original printing plates for both Vocal Score and Libretto were destroyed in the World War II London blitz. However, a copy of the parts survives in Australia.
Roles and original cast.
Chorus: Courtiers and court ladies, pages, brigands, and Red Indians
Synopsis.
Act I.
King Portico, a highly dignified and scrupulously correct monarch, is generally worried that the newspapers might print something embarrassing about the royal family, especially the king's eccentric daughter, Princess Toto. Prince Doro, to whom Toto was betrothed in infancy, is reported to have been eaten by cannibals, so Portico has chosen the "highly respectable" Prince Caramel to receive Toto's hand. Caramel is already three days late for the wedding, and King Portico fears that he will not arrive at all. Prince Doro arrives after ten years shipwrecked "on a savage shore." He hopes that Toto still loves him. King Portico says that Doro cannot marry Toto, since, if he isn't dead, he has placed the king "in a very awkward and ridiculous position." He tells Doro that he hasn't lost much, since Toto is not only absent-minded but excessively romantic: "her head is filled with foolish ideas about Gypsies, robbers, actors, pirates, paving commissioners, Red Indians, and outlandish people of that sort," and her fancy has now fallen on the notorious brigand Barberini.
Princess Toto arrives, trying to remember why she is all dressed up. The others remind her that she is to be married, but that Prince Caramel hasn't arrived. She wants to go ahead perform the ceremony without delay. After all, "Who cares about the bridegroom at a wedding?" When the king insists on the need for a bridegroom, Toto suggests the stranger. When she learns that this stranger is Prince Doro, she asks him whether it hurt to be eaten by cannibals. Doro points out that he is alive, and Toto wishes to proceed with the wedding. The king, worried that Caramel may arrive and cause him embarrassment, leaves his prime minister, Zapeter, to explain the situation to Caramel, and the wedding party departs.
Caramel then arrives. Although he is a mild-mannered young man, when he learns that his fiancée is marrying another man, he threatens to interrupt the ceremony. Zapeter suggests that he pretend to be the brigand Barberini, and that the princess would forget her marriage to Doro. Toto is thrilled to meet the dashing "Barberini". She is surprised that he doesn't look like the "ferocious monster" who had been describe to her, but Caramel explains: "that's my nasty cunning; it disarms people and puts them off their guard." Toto is eager to join the "brigands", and so they depart.
Act II.
In the mountains, Prince Caramel's court pretends to be a band of brigands. They have taken an old beggar captive and are serving him their best food and wine. Word has got around, and people have come from miles around hoping to be taken prisoner. Jelly, Princess Toto's maid, scolds the band, advising that they should be "cutting them up and sending them home in little bits", and Toto is similarly disappointed in the brigands' behaviour. Toto has had a pleasant dream about marrying "a beautiful young Prince named Doro," and wishes she could have the same dream again. But she agrees to marry "Barberini," and they leave to wed.
Doro arrives, upset at the loss of his bride so soon after their wedding. He has decided to become a brigand and die an outlaw. Caramel, returning from his wedding with Toto, hints to her that it would be amusing if it turned out that he wasn't a real brigand after all but a respectable man. Toto says that if she were to find that he had deceived her in this way she would shoot him. Caramel therefore decides to continue to deceive her. Doro asks "Barberini" for a place in the brigand band and is refused. Toto insists that this promising fellow should be hired. Doro recognises Toto, but she merely finds his face familiar. When they are left alone he reveals that he is her husband. She notes the marriage to Barberini, but she recognises him as the husband of her dreams and informs him that he will disappear when she wakes up. He finally convinces her that he is real, and that she ran off with "Barberini" within minutes of their marriage. She begs his pardon and promises to stop marrying other men, although she still cannot remember his name. They sneak away.
King Portico arrives with Zapeter and Jamilek, dressed as American Indians, hoping that their colourful disguises will lure Toto into going home with them. Zapeter has "diligently studied the works of Fenimore Cooper" and Jamilek speaks in the metre of Longfellow's poem "Hiawatha." Portico threatens Zapeter with execution if news of their embarrassing ruse should get into the papers. They hear a loud soprano voice (Toto's) singing. Zapeter "listens with his ear close to the ground," and impresses the king by deducing that a woman approaches. Toto appears and is intrigued by their primitive appearance. She determines to join them and "perhaps marry one of the tribe, and become a squaw." They leave. Caramel and his band arrives, but his men refuse to give chase.
Act III.
On a tropical island, King Portico's court is still pretending to be Indians. Portico is concerned about how Toto will react when she learns of the deception. Again, Toto is disappointed with the behaviour of the "Indians", who eat caviar and refuse to hunt wild buffalo. Portico is finds out that a boat is approaching and is afraid that he will be ridiculed, but Jamilek suggests that he hide in some prickly cactus. Caramel and Doro arrive in the boat, having become friends – each thinks the other is going to help him recover his lost bride.
Caramel meets Toto and identifies himself as both Prince Caramel and Barberini. Toto asks, "Didn't I marry you or something?" She apologises and sings that she will always love him. She then sings the second verse to Doro without realising that he's a different person. After some confusion, Toto decides that Doro is her real husband and tells Caramel that he is only a dream. Caramel proposes to Jelly. The princess admits that she has been mistaken. Her father appears. Toto agrees to marry Doro (again) and places herself in his hands.
Musical numbers.
N.B. There is no particular significance to why some songs are numbered "9a", "10a" and so on, except 1a (reprise of 1). It probably just indicates that additional songs were added after composing had begun and the scores were never renumbered to reflect it. It does not, for instance, indicate that the songs run into each other.
Critical response.
When the pre-London tour reached Edinburgh "The Scotsman's" critic commented that if every comic opera had the benefit of a libretto by Gilbert the genre would be even more popular than it already was. Clay's music was thought "light, tuneful and thoroughly congenial", though not of any great originality, and showing some indebtedness to Offenbach. When the piece opened in the West End, "The Globe" judged it an "unequivocal success", praised the libretto ("sparkles with wit") and found Clay's music "unambitious" but "flowing and pleasant" and at its best in the vocal solos. "The Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News" thought the libretto exceptional: "Not only are the incidents laughter-provoking, but the dialogue is full of unexpected sallies of wit and humour which provoke irrepressible laughter". The paper observed that although Clay's music "cannot claim high rank, it ripples pleasantly along."
When the piece opened in New York in 1880 "The Era's" correspondent wrote that although inevitable comparisons between the music of "Princess Toto" and that of "H.M.S. Pinafore" were not to the advantage of the former, there were some "pleasing numbers and characteristic music". Gilbert's libretto was highly praised, and the reviewer thought him capable of "confer[ring] upon the British and American Drama a lasting and inestimable benefit".

</doc>
<doc id="6937107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937107" title="Chestnut-bellied kingfisher">
Chestnut-bellied kingfisher



</doc>
<doc id="6937114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937114" title="Nei (Phantasy Star)">
Nei (Phantasy Star)

 is a character in the 1989 video game "Phantasy Star II". She is a companion to the protagonist Rolf, who joins him early in the game. She was created through the combination of DNA from humans and creatures called "bio-monsters", and she is linked with another of her kind called Neifirst. She was designed by Toru Yoshida, who gave her feline features early in development before scrapping them. She also served as the basis for the character Rika in "Phantasy Star IV". She also stars in a text adventure based on "Phantasy Star II".
She has received generally positive reception, particularly due to the impact of her death in "Phantasy Star II". It was regarded as a particularly shocking death due to her significance to the plot, with critics finding it unprecedented that such an important character be killed off at the time. The circumstances of Nei's life have also contributed to the impact behind her death. Her death has been compared to the death of Aerith Gainsborough in "Final Fantasy VII", with some critics believing that Nei's death was more impactful.
Concept and design.
Nei was designed by Toru Yoshida. She has pointy ears and wears a purple leotard. Early sketches show her with more feline features. She was originally going to have a tail, though Yoshida noted that he was unsure whether to keep it since her battle sprite did not have a tail. Despite the battle graphics designers gave him the okay, he ultimately chose to remove the tail. He remarked that Nei was the closest character to him in the game. She is a mutant girl, having been created using human and "bio-monster" genes", the latter which caused her to age from a child into a woman over the span of months. Yuji Naka noted how shocking her death was for players, stating that they received criticism from players over it. He felt that it would be better to handle it this way due to thinking the story needed more rhythm, adding that he understood why the players were so upset after playing "Final Fantasy VII". Nei's design was considered for use in "Phantasy Star IV" for Rika by Yoshida, but the staff members, including Rieko Kodama, were reticent to accept that idea. They managed to work things out, and Rika was given similar ears to Nei's.
Appearances.
She is a major character in "Phantasy Star II", being rescued by Rolf while escaping from people who wish her harm, who form a sibling relationship. Months later, her and Rolf, accompanied by other allies, visit a Biosystems Lab as part of an investigation, where they discover a fellow Numan called Neifirst, who reveals that her and Nei have the same origin, and that she despises humans. Nei and Neifirst do battle, but Nei is ultimately fatally wounded, imploring Rolf and the others to now allow scientists to make the same mistakes they did when they made her before dying. Rolf and the others go on to successfully kill Neifirst. Despite people being able to be revived from death, attempts to revive Nei are futile due to her not being human. In the remake, "Phantasy Star Generation: 2", Nei is able to be revived. She also appears in a "Phantasy Star" text adventure, which takes place before the events of "Phantasy Star II".
In "Phantasy Star IV", the character Rika was designed to be a successor to Nei.
Reception.
Nei received generally positive reception, noted by "Phantasy Star II" character designer Toru Yoshida as having been more popular among Japanese players than they expected. "IT Media" staff noted that her popularity continued years after "Phantasy Star II". "Anime News Network" writer Jean-Karlo Lemus spoke of being "very sweet on Nei" due to her design and "heart-wrenching" story. "Destructoid" writer Leigh Alexander felt that the surprise of her death was a rarity at the time of "Phantasy Star II", stating that her death created personal meaning for players in saving the world. She felt that it was more realistic for a group of people to fight to save the world for Nei's sake instead of for the sake of humanity. "Kotaku" staff remarked how nostalgic it was to see the "Phantasy Star IV" character Rika, who was "essentially Nei's descendant", due to how much they "cared about and missed" Nei. Despite not being the first time Shaun Musgrave of "Touch Arcade" saw a party member die in a role-playing game, Nei's was the first time it hurt, citing the fact that she spent so much time in the party and was so useful for this. He felt her sacrifice had the "most profound personal effect" on the game's story due to how unexpected it was and how empty it felt to fight without her in his team. He also discussed how the game handles the idea of reviving her, appreciating that it provided the in-universe reason of her not being human for why she can't be revived where others could.
Nei's death was compared to the death of Aerith Gainsborough from "Final Fantasy VII", calling it "similarly shocking" and a "huge and upsetting surprise". "Sega-16" writer Ken Horowitz felt that, despite Square Soft being able to make a more "engaging" death for Aerith thanks to "VII"s CD-ROM format, Nei's death was just as shocking for players. He stated that, while it was not the first main character to be killed in a game, it was the first instance in a console role-playing game in "such a dramatic fashion", remarking how it helped make the quest a "personal affair" for the main cast. "Reactor Mag" writer Peter Tieryas considered Nei's death more shocking to him than Aerith's, noting that before "Phantasy Star II", characters were generally archetypes from fantasy, but Nei was a particular example from "Phantasy Star II" who defied this. He discussed how essential she was in combat due to how strong she was, speaking of how sad and furious he was when she was killed. He felt angry at the people who created Neifirst, furious at himself for not being able to save Nei, and confused about whether his actions were for the greater good.

</doc>
<doc id="6937115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937115" title="Lambert's W function">
Lambert's W function



</doc>
<doc id="6937120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937120" title="Historic eruptions of Mount Fuji">
Historic eruptions of Mount Fuji

Mount Fuji is an active volcano which is the tallest peak in Japan. The latest eruption of Mount Fuji was triggered by an earthquake in 1707.
The mountain as it appears now is known as the "New Fuji volcano", which began to erupt about 10,000 years ago. Under the "New Fuji volcano" lies the "Old Fuji volcano", which was active between 100,000 years ago and 10,000 years ago, and the "Komitake volcano", which became active 700,000 years ago.
Prehistory.
Komitake and Old Fuji.
There has been volcanic activity in the vicinity of Mount Fuji for several million years. The earliest geologically known volcano was that became active 700,000 years ago. Another volcano to the south-east of Mount Fuji—known as —was also highly active throughout the period. The peak of Komitake is about above sea-level on the north face of Mount Fuji (at the fifth station).
Komitake entered another period of activity around 100,000 years ago. This created a new volcano known as that reached a height of . It created many explosive eruptions that threw out large amounts of scoria, volcanic ash and lava.
New Fuji.
Following the Old Fuji period, there were about 4,000 years of inactivity, ending at around 5,000 years ago, when Mount Fuji became active again; this period is known as , and continues to the present day. Eruptions of New Fuji exhibit phenomena such as lava flows, magma, scoria, volcanic ash, collapses and side eruptions, leading it to be called "a department store of eruptions". Ash from New Fuji is often black, and eruptions are new in terms of geological layers. Valuable data on the activity of Mount Fuji is recorded in Japanese historical documents dating from the 8th century onwards. It exhibits a range of representative eruptions.
The Gotemba mud flow.
About 2,300 years ago the east face of the volcano collapsed and lahars flowed down to the Gotemba area as far as the Ashigara plain in the east and the Suruga bay across Mishima city in the south. This incident is now called the . Liquid mud piled up over an area as wide as the city area of Mishima.
Jōgan eruption.
In 864 (the 6th year of the "Jōgan" era) there was an eruption on the north-east side of Mount Fuji, which produced a great amount of lava.
Hōei eruption.
The latest eruption, in 1707 (the 4th year of the "Hōei" era), was known as the great "Hōei" eruption. It followed several weeks after the Great "Hōei" earthquake, an 8.7 on the Richter scale. The earthquake severely damaged the city of Osaka, but more than that, it created enough seismic activity to compress the magma chamber 20 km deep in the inactive Mt. Fuji. Due to the compression of the magma chamber, basaltic lava rose from the bottom to the higher dacitic magma chamber at 8 km deep. The mixing of the two different types of magma caused a Plinian eruption to occur. Previous to the Hoei, another earthquake named Genroku had struck Japan in 1703. The earthquake affected both Kanagawa and Shizuoka prefectures, and was measured as an 8.2 on the Richter Scale. The Genroku earthquake had a similar effect on Mt. Fuji as Hoei but with less severity. It clamped the dike of the mountain at 8 km to the surface (where the dacitic magma resides), as well as the basaltic chamber at 20 km deep. Many articles found a correlation between the two earthquakes, arriving at the conclusion that without either earthquake the Hoei eruption would not have happened.
Records of eruption.
Sixteen eruptions of New Fuji have been recorded since 781. Many of the eruptions occurred in the Heian era, with twelve eruptions between 800 and 1083. Sometimes inactive periods between eruptions lasted for hundreds of years, as in the period between 1083 and 1511, when no eruptions were recorded for over 400 years. At present, there have been no eruptions since the Hoei eruption in 1707–1708, around 300 years ago.
Current eruptive danger.
Scientists study the activity of the magma rising by measuring CO2 emissions in the deeper parts of the volcano. Studies from before the 2011 Tohoku earthquake show the CO2 emissions below 5 gCO2/m3/day, which is the detection limit. If the emissions rise above 5 gCO2/m3/day then seismic activity is occurring and an eruption could possibly take place. According to a five-stage evolutionary model for the release of volcanic gas, Mt. Fuji would be considered stage I. Magma is at a considerable depth and no emissions of gases can be observed regularly.
Following the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, much attention was given to the volcanic reaction of Mount Fuji. Experts have found that the internal pressure of the Mount Fuji magma chamber has increased to an estimated 1.6 megapascals, raising speculation over the possibility of an eruption. The financial damage to Japan from a Fuji eruption is estimated at ¥2.5 trillion (about $25 billion).

</doc>
<doc id="6937125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937125" title="Dally in the Alley">
Dally in the Alley

Dally in the Alley is Detroit's largest annual community festival, located in the Cass Corridor district (the north end, close to Wayne State University) in Detroit. The event is completely organized and executed by a team of community volunteers. According to organizers, The Dally in the Alley gives an offering of live music, visual arts, performance, food and beer.
History.
Community Background 1866-1925.
In 1866, Michigan Governor Lewis Cass owned a piece of farmland that spread over the current-day Cass Corridor. He sold a portion to William A. Butler that bordered Putnam to Prentis, and was bounded 2nd and 3rd Street. Apartment buildings blossomed as heirs of Butler began dividing and selling up the land. Streets began to be paved as the city expanded north.
The neighborhood started to come together at the turn of the century. Second and Third were then paved with cedar and Forest with brick, west of Woodward Avenue. In 1899 there were only 5 houses in this neighborhood, four of them being on Forest and one on Second. In 1904, Horace Elgin Dodge purchased one of the houses on Forest, and built the now demolished garage in the back (in the alley). Rumor has it that Horace created his own automobile back there, knowing how to from working for Henry Ford. Horace definitely tinkered in the garage, and at the time, he and his brother John Francis Dodge were most well known as being part of Ford Motor Company. From about 1903 to 1914, the Dodge brothers were the largest parts suppliers to Ford. In 1914, they launched a car company in their own name, Dodge Brothers Motor Car Company.
In 1910 The Winthrop, the first apartment building on Second, was built. It was the only one until the Hollender went up on the corner of Second and Forest in 1912. More and more apartment buildings started being constructed, primarily by residents living in the area.
The Wellesley, located on Hancock, was the most extravagant, largest apartment building in 1914. The Sherbrooke, located at Hancock and Third, was built that same year and would eventually be owned by Wayne State Housing in recent years. Due to a boiler problem, the building had to be shut down for financial reasons. Wayne State University has then sold the building to a private owner and is yet to be back in commission.
Dally in the Alley History: Since 1977.
The very first "Dally" was held in 1977 on the first Saturday after Labor Day. The fair didn't have its official "Dally in the Alley" title until 1982, named by Allen Schaerges, long-time Cass Corridor resident. Since then, the Dally has grown and expanded to what it is today; a popular music arts and music festival bringing in thousands of visitors.
Along with new artists and performers each year, there also comes the year's Dally in the Alley Poster, used to advertise the event. Each year, the community calls upon a local artist to create the specially designed poster and is showcased throughout the neighborhood. Most party stores, notably Marcus Market and University Market (located on Forest and Third), have the posters from each year displayed on their walls. Posters from each year can be found on the Dally's website.
In 2020 and 2021 the NCCU cancelled Dally in the Alley due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but they planned on having one in 2022. The event returned in 2022 for its 43rd year, on September 10.
Vendors.
Dally in the Alley over the years has featured numerous vendors. The vendors provide shopping and food. The Dally features Detroit's local music talent and beer for 12 hours. Vendors' arrangements are first come, first served. A small fee is also applied to those partaking in the Dally as vendors. Vendors provide a plethora of items for Dally guests.
A few things sold at the vendors are homemade jewelry, unique arts and crafts, music records, t-shirts, etc. Art and poetry workshops are also provided. Dally in the Alley caters to adults and children; they offer family-friendly activities. Some vendors will provide stations for arts and crafts and face painting. Attendees of Dally in the Alley are surrounded by many of Detroit's local restaurants. There is a whole district just for the food offered. Some of the food vendors Dally in the Alley hosts are Amicci's Pizza, Turkey Tom, Taste of Ethiopia, Oslo, Kola's Kitchen, and Mario's. One of the features of the vendors is the beer. Beer is on sale throughout the course of the Dally. Incidentally, Dally in the Alley as the name of the event is a medieval drinking song. Dally in the Alley started in the Cass Corridor which developers recently rebranded as just another section of Midtown.
Performers.
In 1977, an inner city art fair evolved into a performing arts festival in the vicinity of W Hancock Street, 2nd Avenue and West Forest. Today it is known as Dally in the Alley. The North Cass Community Union Is the sponsor of Detroit's Dally in the Alley. Proceeds from the Dally events are used to support North Cass projects which are said to improve the quality of life for people who live and work in the North Cass Community. The North Cass Community Union has used Dally proceeds to fund an environmental lawsuit against the City of Detroit trash incinerator, provide roaming security during nighttime hours and grant scholarships to enable neighborhood children to attend the Art Center Music School.
These Artists have converged with a number of other primarily Detroit-based performers on the Dally in the Alley art festival in Detroit, Michigan for the one weekend every late summer. They all perform on one of the stages and have transformed a small-time art fair into a festival of the performing arts. This festival has gone beyond just providing entertainment to the community. Proceeds from the event have made the neighborhoods safer, fought injustice and given the youth a place to chase their dreams and aspirations in the field of art and music.
Posters.
Gary Grimshaw designed the first Dally in the alley poster in 1982, which featured dancing cats created by artist Brian Taylor. Gary was born 1946 in Detroit, Michigan and graduated from Lincoln Park high school. Gary started his artwork at the age of twenty and has continued prospering ever since. Gary went on to create two other posters in 1986 and 1987. Brian was born in 1952 in Inkster, Michigan and earned his B.A. in art at Wayne State University. He also painted the Dancing Cats in the alley where the festival is held in Detroit. Brian also designed the artwork for the 1983 and 1984 posters. As part of the Detroit mural team, Brian painted over twenty murals in Detroit. He has exhibited his fine paintings at The Traffic Jam and Snug. He currently lives in Cleveland, Ohio.
Jerome Ferreti designed the Dally in the Alley poster of 2001. He took classes at a few universities, including Wayne State University. Jerome is also a part of a society of artists called Slippery Weasel, which is centered in Detroit. The Slippery Weasel's first exhibit was in Rochester, Michigan in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6937126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937126" title="Zim Ngqawana">
Zim Ngqawana

Zim Ngqawana (25 December 1959 – 10 May 2011) was a South African flautist and saxophonist. He was later known as Zimology.
Biography.
The youngest of five children, Ngqawana started playing flute at the age of 21, eventually becoming proficient on alto, tenor and baritone saxophone as well. He dropped out of school prior to meeting university entrance requirements but won entrance to a place at Rhodes University. He later studied for a diploma in Jazz Studies at the University of Natal. He was offered scholarships to the Max Roach/Wynton Marsalis jazz workshop and later a scholarship to the University of Massachusetts Amherst, where he studied with jazz musicians Archie Shepp and Yusef Lateef.
After his return to South Africa in the 1990s Ngqawana worked with South African jazz musicians Hugh Masekela and Abdullah Ibrahim. He collaborated with Bjorn Ole Solburg on the Norwegian San Ensemble album, "San Song". On that album he wrote two songs, "San Song" and "Migrant Workers". He toured the United States with his band "Ingoma" in 1995, and he made an appearance at Black History Week in Chicago.
He performed a duet with poet Lefifi Tladi in the documentary "Giant Steps" (2005), directed by Geoff Mphakati and Aryan Kaganof. In January 2010, Ngqawana's Zimology Institute was vandalised by scrap metal thieves. He performed a duet concert in the rubble of the vandalised building with Cape Town pianist Kyle Shepherd. This performance was filmed as "The Exhibition Of Vandalizimiop" by Aryan Kaganof. The Vandalizim concerts were subsequently performed at the Gallery MOMO in Johannesburg and at a scrapyard in Stellenbosch, organised by Stellenbosch University's music department and DOMUS.
Death.
Ngqawana suffered from stroke during a rehearsal and was taken to Helen Joseph hospital and succumbed to bleeding on the brain. He is survived by his wife and five children.

</doc>
<doc id="6937128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937128" title="Turpentine substitute">
Turpentine substitute



</doc>
<doc id="6937139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937139" title="Hot Rod (2007 film)">
Hot Rod (2007 film)

Hot Rod is a 2007 American comedy film directed by Akiva Schaffer (in his directorial debut) and written by Pam Brady. The film stars Andy Samberg (in his film debut) as amateur accident-prone stuntman Rod Kimble, whose stepfather, Frank (Ian McShane), continuously mocks and disrespects him. When Frank becomes ill, Rod raises money for his heart operation by executing his largest stunt yet. The film also stars Jorma Taccone, Sissy Spacek, Will Arnett, Danny McBride, Isla Fisher and Bill Hader.
The film was initially drafted by Pam Brady (who retains full writing credit) as a vehicle for "Saturday Night Live" star Will Ferrell, but the project never commenced. Lorne Michaels convinced Paramount to let The Lonely Island, which was gaining fame for its work on "SNL", take over the film. The group subsequently rewrote the movie with a heavy emphasis on offbeat surreal humor. Seth Meyers contributed in this rewriting process. It was shot in Vancouver in the summer of 2006. The score is by former Yes guitarist Trevor Rabin, and the soundtrack features several songs by the Swedish rock band Europe.
Paramount Pictures released "Hot Rod" on August 3, 2007. It was a box-office failure, grossing only $14 million on a $25 million budget. As its producers predicted, the film received mixed reviews, with criticism towards its script and humor. Since its release, "Hot Rod" has become a cult film.
Plot.
Throughout his life, Rod Kimble has believed his dead father was a successful and respectable stuntman working for Evel Knievel. He aspires to follow in his father's footsteps and become a famous stuntman himself. Meanwhile, his stepfather, Frank, does not respect Rod as a man, often going out of his way to beat him in sparring sessions, mocking his stuntman dreams. Rod makes many attempts to land jumps with his Tomos moped, most of them unsuccessful. After another failed jump attempt at a public pool, he returns home and learns that Frank is in urgent need of a heart transplant that the family's health insurance will not cover. Angered at the thought of Frank dying without getting a chance to gain his respect, Rod runs into the woods to let out his fury and tumbles down a steep hill, where he sees an inspirational billboard and gets an idea. Rod quickly meets with his childhood friends Rico and Dave and his half-brother Kevin, and tells them he plans to jump over 15 school buses and use the proceeds to fund Frank's surgery. Later, Denise, his neighbor and love interest, joins his team.
To promote his stunt and raise funds, Rod works parties, corporate get-togethers, and other events, performing activities such as taping pillows to his body and having a washing machine suspended by a crane swing to hit him. One day, he gets curious about what Kevin is working on as he hears music coming from his computer. Kevin says he was experimenting with editing footage, and shows Rod the video. Impressed by Kevin's work, Rod gets the idea to release a stuntman film to raise money. Kevin releases the movie using his footage of Rod's stunts and sells several tickets to the screening, where the audience laughs at Rod as the film depicts his failed training attempts. Rod gets angry and throws the theater's projector out of a window, smashing the projectionist's car below. He gives the projectionist all the money he has raised to cover the damages and avoid arrest. Upset, he returns home, where his mother reveals that his biological father was not the stuntman he thought he was. Humiliated, Rod quits the team and his dream to beat Frank, despite his friends' objections, but is reinvigorated when Dave gives him advice that inspires him to apologize to Kevin. As Kevin accepts his apology, he reveals that Rod's stunt footage has grown popular online and that a show on a local AM radio station, hosted by Barry Pasternak, has offered to cover the planned jump's expenses.
Rod gets his friends back together, and they start setting up for the jump. On the day of the event, his friends give him a new suit, a rock representing Rico's extensive pyrotechnic work, and a motorbike. He also receives a kiss from Denise, who broke up with Jonathan, her insensitive and callous boyfriend. As Rod jumps off the ramp, his bike's speed enables him to jump over the buses, but the motorcycle smashes through a stage and goes flying. Rod lands squarely on the ground and has an unconscious out-of-body experience. When he wakes, Rod, with Kevin and Denise's help, triumphantly gets up to applause and sees that the donations have accumulated over $50,000. Six months later, Rod once again spars with Frank, finally gaining the upper hand and Frank's respect.
After the credits, Rod is seen bowing down to his moped with the sunset in the background.
Production.
"Hot Rod" was written by Pam Brady, a former "South Park" writer, as a project for Will Ferrell during his tenure at "Saturday Night Live". The project never commenced, and the script remained in limbo at Paramount Pictures for several years. In the meantime, The Lonely Island was hired at "SNL" in 2005, and by the end of the year, it had a breakthrough with its short "Lazy Sunday." The sketch, an "SNL Digital Short," received millions of views online (especially on the then-fledgling YouTube), making the trio, especially Samberg, stars. Lorne Michaels, "SNLs creator, convinced Paramount to allow the troupe to direct and star in the film. The trio had no prior experience with feature-length films, but Michaels had confidence, envisioning the film as a "different generation's comedy." The studio wanted the film to remain less coarse to obtain a PG-13 rating from the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), like ' (2004).
Initially reluctant, as the script was designed for Ferrell and the summer filming schedule was less than ideal, Paramount authorized a rewrite, allowing the writers to incorporate bizarre, offbeat humor and absurdist comedy. The script had to "match their standards"—"another way of saying, 'just dumb it down'", said Schaffer. This involved deleting comedy designed for Ferrell (which Samberg called "so well-written") and replacing it with their own. "We didn't want it to seem like I was doing a Ferrell impression," said Samberg. The result was a balance between "weird" humor and what Paramount considered accessible. Samberg was inspired by "Wet Hot American Summer", which was, according to him, "designed to fuck around with what's expected from a movie." Many jokes from the film deemed "too weird" were cut, including a scene in which Rod "jokingly," asks his younger brother Kevin to pull out his genitalia. Samberg aimed for a performance that was: 
"Hot Rod" was largely filmed in Vancouver in the summer of 2006. Shooting locations include Cloverdale, British Columbia, and under the Surrey end of the Pattullo Bridge southeast of Vancouver. Other locations in British Columbia include Coquitlam, North Vancouver, Burnaby and Downtown Vancouver. Samberg had a stunt double, but did as many of his own stunts as was allowed.
The MPAA objected to using the word "semen" in a scene in which Chris Parnell reveals a profane tattoo on his stomach. It was changed to "residue." Another scene that barely made it into the film involved Samberg and Taccone repeating the phrase "cool beans" until it evolves into a "bizarre pseudo-rap." Schaffer initially cut the scene, but Samberg and Taccone edited it themselves. Schaffer reinserted the scene in the film's last test screening, where it received high marks from audiences as one of their favorite bits. The film's original poster featured a silhouetted Samberg atop a hill beside his motorbike in a martial-arts pose. Paramount changed the poster to a large close-up of Samberg's face.
Reception.
Before its release, the Lonely Island promoted the film with interstitials during Comedy Central movie marathons. In the promos, the trio attempt to convince viewers that "Hot Rod" is the story of a sex offender ("He does stunts to raise money to sex-offend") and spoof the quality of films run during daytime marathons ("Stay tuned for "Teen Wolf Too"!"). The premiere was at the John Ford Amphitheatre in Los Angeles.
Samberg predicted that critics would not like the film, telling "Entertainment Weekly": "It will get bad reviews. Comedy is traditionally not reviewed that well." He added that if future generations viewed "Hot Rod" with a similar reverence to films such as "Billy Madison", he would consider it a success.
The "punchdance" term the film introduced was a reference to "Footloose".
Commercial performance.
The film opened at #9 at the U.S. box office in 2007 and grossed $5.3 million in its opening weekend. Overall, it bombed in theaters, leaving after 68 days, grossing just under $14 million.
Critical reception.
"Hot Rod" received mixed reviews from film critics upon its initial release. On Metacritic, it has an average score of 43 out of 100, based on 27 reviews, indicating "mixed or average" reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has a score of 39% from 119 reviews, with an average rating of 5.10/10. The site's consensus reads ""Hot Rod" has brazen silliness and a few humorous set pieces on its side, but it's far too inconsistent to satisfy all but the least demanding slapstick lovers." After its release, "Paper" wrote, "Depending on whom you talk to, "Hot Rod" is either a terrible stinker or a really strange and wonderful movie that you can't believe they got away with making." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of B− on an A+ to F scale.
"The Hollywood Reporter" Frank Scheck criticized the film's "formulaic" script and humor, but commended Samberg's "reasonably engaging and sweet comedic screen presence." "No one seems to have told the Lonely Island boys that the stakes are a little higher in features than they are in music videos and that underlighted shots and sloppy editing are more distracting on the big screen than on television," wrote Marjorie Baumgarten of "The Austin Chronicle". Wesley Morris of "The Boston Globe" called the film "playfully dumb," commenting, "The filmmakers [...] have skipped right past the kitsch of tribute and gone straight for jokey delusion [...] And in that sense, "Hot Rod" is post-parody, taking nothing seriously, not even being a movie." Peter Travers of "Rolling Stone" wrote, "The film's low-key "Wayne's World" vibe takes it only so far. I laughed, then I wished it was funnier, then I just wished it would end. Peter Debruge of "Variety" called the movie "yet another example of a comedy that refuses to be taken seriously—concept as clothesline for all manner of silliness." Nick Schager of "Slant Magazine" noted that the trio "care far less about clever plotting than random ridiculousness," deeming the film "a tired rehash of every SNL alum's big-screen debut since Adam Sandler's "Billy Madison"."
For their part, the film's producers remained optimistic about the movie in the press. "The movies I've always liked, comedy-wise—"Billy Madison", "The Jerk"—always got terrible reviews. When our reviews came in, it was like, 'Oh, we're right on track,'" said Samberg.
Lorne Michaels predicted it would find a different audience in the future:
"Chicago Sun-Times" critic Roger Ebert gave the film three out of four stars: 
"The A.V. Club" later wrote that the film differentiated itself from other Michaels comedies: "They may be just as poorly received, but their rhythms are unpredictable and exciting, shocked to life by moments of anti-comedy and wacky deconstruction. Hardcore comedy devotees pick up on them like a dog whistle."
Home media.
"Hot Rod" was released on DVD and HD DVD on November 27, 2007, and on Blu-ray on December 16, 2008.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was composed by ex-Yes guitarist Trevor Rabin. Several songs by the Swedish rock band Europe are in the movie, including "Cherokee" and "Rock the Night." The trailer contains three Swedish rock songs, Europe's "Cherokee" and "The Final Countdown", and The Hives' "See Through Head". It also includes the UK rock band Test Icicles' "Circle. Square. Triangle" as well as American Hi-Fi's "The Art of Losing." The band called Gown that plays at Rod's final jump is actually Queens of the Stone Age.
Track listing

</doc>
<doc id="6937143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937143" title="Genericized">
Genericized



</doc>
<doc id="6937155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937155" title="Concrete Sky">
Concrete Sky

Concrete Sky was the second EP released by Beth Orton, with the lead track taken from her 2002 album "Daybreaker". It contains four songs, and was released on CD. "Concrete Sky" features vocals and guitar from Ryan Adams, and was written by Beth Orton and Johnny Marr.

</doc>
<doc id="6937156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937156" title="Mangar">
Mangar

Mangar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937164" title="Alan Gibbs">
Alan Gibbs

Alan Timothy Gibbs (born 1939) is a New Zealand-born businessman, entrepreneur and former public servant.
During the 1960s and 1970s, Gibbs was involved in manufacturing and investment banking, before overseeing the corporatisation of New Zealand's forestry sector as chair of the New Zealand Forestry Corporation during the Fourth Labour Government.
Gibbs is a founding member and major funder of the ACT Party and has been a prominent advocate of free-market reform since the 1980s.
He is the founder of Gibbs Amphibians, which produces amphibious vehicles.
Early life.
Alan Gibbs was born in Christchurch, the son of Theodore Nisbet Gibbs and Elsie Gibbs. His father was a businessman and active member of the National Party who chaired a Royal Commission on taxation for the First National Government.
In 1963, after graduating from university, Gibbs was employed as Third Secretary in the New Zealand High Commission in London through his father's connection to future Prime Minister Keith Holyoake. In 1965, Gibbs returned to New Zealand to work in the Prime Minister's department.
New Zealand business career.
From 1966 to 1970, with his brother Ian, Gibbs sought to produce New Zealand's first domestically produced car, the Anziel Nova. In the 1970s, Gibbs worked in investment banking, establishing his own firm Gibbs Securities to advise on corporate transactions. As a business person, Gibbs was involved in several high-profile investments and restructurings, including the acquisition of car dealership Tappenden Motors, the management buyout of Freightways, the privatisation of Telecom, and the founding of Sky TV.
Public sector reform.
In 1985, Gibbs was appointed to the Forestry Corporation Establishment Board, which established the New Zealand Forestry Corporation (NZFC), a state-owned enterprise, as part of the Rogernomics reforms. Gibbs oversaw the NZFC during the corporatisation of New Zealand's forestry assets, which resulted in over 3,000 public sector forestry employees being made redundant in 1987. In 1989, the Forestry Corporation's plantation forests were privatised.
Gibbs also advised the Fourth Labour Government on restructuring the public health and welfare systems.
Political advocacy.
As a university student, Gibbs was a self-described proponent of "market socialism", and started the New Left Club at Canterbury University. However, he later adopted a neoliberal ideology after becoming more involved in business.
During the Fourth Labour Government, Gibbs was an active member of the Business Roundtable and a strong supporter of Roger Douglas. He established a New Zealand branch of libertarian think-tank the Centre for Independent Studies and was involved in the establishment of the ACT Party.
In 2014, the "New Zealand Herald" reported that Gibbs gave $100,000 to the ACT Party each election year. During a speech to the ACT Party conference that year, Gibbs advocated privatising all of New Zealand's schools, hospitals and roads.
His daughter, Debbi Gibbs, is chairperson of the Atlas Network, a libertarian think tank.
Art and sculpture collection at Gibbs Farm.
Gibbs is an art collector, and since 1991 has created a sculpture park on his property at Gibbs Farm, which is located on Kaipara Harbour on New Zealand's North Island.
Among the art works installed on The Farm are pieces by contemporary artists including Daniel Buren, Neil Dawson, Marijke de Goey, Andy Goldsworthy, Anish Kapoor, George Rickey, Richard Serra and Bernar Venet.
Honours and awards.
In 2018, Gibbs was inducted into the New Zealand Business Hall of Fame. He was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Canterbury in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6937166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937166" title="Astrid (satellite)">
Astrid (satellite)

Astrid-1 and Astrid-2 were two microsatellites designed and developed by Swedish Space Corporation on behalf of the Swedish National Space Board. They were piggyback launched on a Cosmos-3M launch vehicle from Plesetsk Cosmodrome, Russia. Astrid 1 on January 24, 1995, and Astrid 2 on December 10, 1998.
Astrid-1.
Sweden's first microsatellite was piggybacked with the launch of Tsikada, a Russian navigation satellite and FAISAT, a United States communications satellite.
It carried an Energetic Neutral Atom imager called PIPPI (Prelude in Planetary Particle Imaging), an Electron Spectrometer called EMIL (Electron Measurements - In-situ and Lightweight) and two UV imagers called MIO (Miniature Imaging Optics), one for imaging the Earth's aurora and one for observing Lyman alpha-emission from the Earth's geocorona. This payload, named after characters in Astrid Lindgren's books (the idea came from a Russian scientist ), was developed by the Swedish Institute of Space Physics in Kiruna.
On March 1, a DC to DC converter for the scientific instruments failed, possibly due to a short circuit, ending its scientific mission. However, the satellite was operated until September 27, serving as a testbed for various software algorithms and store-and-forward communications.
The entire satellite was built in a year and the cost, including launch, was 1.4 million U.S. dollars.
Astrid-2.
Astrid-2 was Sweden's second microsatellite and it was piggybacked with Nadezhda 5, a Russian navigation satellite on December 10, 1998, on a Kosmos-3M rocket from Plesetsk in Russia.
Its payload, built by the Swedish Institute of Space Physics in Kiruna and Uppsala and the Royal Institute of Technology (Alfven Laboratory) in Stockholm, was EMMA (Electrical and Magnetic field Monitoring of the Aurora), LINDA (Langmuir INterferometer and Density experiment for Astrid-2), MEDUSA (Miniaturized Electrostatic DUal-tophat Spherical Analyzer) and PIA (Photometers for Imaging the Aurora). It was used to explore the electric and magnetic fields in the upper ionosphere and to measure neutral and charged particles and electron density.
On July 24, 1999, the contact with the satellite was lost. During its months in space, Astrid-2 delivered a large amount of information to researchers.

</doc>
<doc id="6937167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937167" title="Eucalyptus nicholii">
Eucalyptus nicholii

Eucalyptus nicholii, commonly known as the narrow-leaved black peppermint or willow peppermint, is a species of small to medium-sized tree that is endemic to New South Wales. It has thick, rough, fibrous bark on the trunk and branches, small, narrow adult leaves, flower buds arranged in groups of seven, white flowers and small, hemispherical, bell-shaped or conical fruit. 
Description.
"Eucalyptus nicholii" is a tree that typically grows to a height of and forms a lignotuber. It has thick, rough, fibrous, yellowish-brown to grey-brown bark with red-brown underlayers. The bark is coarsely fissured on the trunk and branches, but the outer branches sometimes have smooth bark that is shed in short ribbons. Young plants and coppice regrowth have dull, greyish, linear to narrow lance-shaped leaves long and wide. Adult leaves are the same dull greyish green on both sides, narrow lance-shaped, long and wide on a petiole long. The flower buds are arranged in leaf axils in groups of seven on an unbranched peduncle long, the individual buds on pedicels long. Mature buds are oval, long and wide with a conical operculum. Flowering occurs from late summer to early autumn and the flowers are white. The fruit is a woody hemispherical, bell-shaped or conical capsule long and wide with the valves protruding slightly above the rim of the fruit.
Taxonomy and naming.
"Eucalyptus nicholii" was first formally described in 1929 by Joseph Maiden and William Blakely in Maiden's book, "A Critical Revision of the genus Eucalyptus". The specific epithet honours Maiden's private secretary and "Chief Clerk, Botanic Gardens", Richard Nicol.
Distribution and habitat.
The narrow-leaved black peppermint grows in shallow, relatively infertile soils overlying shale and slate bedrock usually as part of grassy or sclerophyll woodlands, in association with "Eucalyptus andrewsii" and "Eucalyptus caliginosa". Its distribution is limited to the Northern Tablelands, New South Wales, particularly in the Walcha to Tenterfield, area and to the east. The species is sparsely distributed, but most commonly occurs in the central areas of its range.
Conservation status.
This eucalyptus is listed as "vulnerable" under the Australian Government "Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999" and the New South Wales Government "Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016". Most specimens occur on private property or on roadsides and few are conserved in nature reserves. The main threats to the species are land clearing and habitat fragmentation, inappropriate fire regimes, grazing by livestock and feral goats, road maintenance and collection of firewood. The entire population is known from fewer than 40 localities, with most not reserved in national parks or state forests.
Use in horticulture.
This tree is very widely planted as an ornamental in southeastern Australia, the fine, dense foliage being particularly attractive. It was often recommended as small enough to be suitable for planting on suburban blocks. However, when well-watered it sometimes grows inconveniently tall, and may shed large branches. Hence it sometimes appears on lists of problematic trees for suburban gardens. 

</doc>
<doc id="6937169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937169" title="Time Again...Live">
Time Again...Live



</doc>
<doc id="6937170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937170" title="Lyon Township">
Lyon Township

Lyon Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937185" title="Cosmetic camouflage">
Cosmetic camouflage

Cosmetic camouflage is the application of make-up creams and/or powders to conceal color or contour irregularities or abnormalities of the face or body. Cosmetic camouflage may be used to address skin-related problems such as angiomas, redness, telangiectasia, vitiligo, sunspots, senile spots, acne, burns, stretch-marks, scars, bruises, and tattoos. Furthermore, cosmetic camouflage may reduce the psychological impact of skin imperfections.
Cosmetic camouflage creams were first developed by plastic surgeons during World War II to cover the massive burns received by fighter pilots. In modern times, men, women and children may use cosmetic camouflage.
Examples.
Cosmetic camouflage is also called camouflage makeup, cover makeup, or corrective makeup.

</doc>
<doc id="6937186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937186" title="Juan Manuel Rosado Mojarro">
Juan Manuel Rosado Mojarro



</doc>
<doc id="6937187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937187" title="Caesarea–Pardes Hanna railway station">
Caesarea–Pardes Hanna railway station

Caesarea–Pardes Hanna railway station (, "Taḥanat HaRakevet Keisariya-Pardes Ḥana") is an Israel Railways passenger station between the local council Pardes Hanna-Karkur and Caesarea's industrial zone, and serves these towns, their large industrial zones, as well as Or Akiva and other small communities in the area.
Location.
The station is situated on the north–south coastal line and is located to the northwest of Pardes Hanna-Karkur, at the eastern edge of The Northern Caesarea Industries Park ().
History.
Caesarea-Pardes Hanna station was opened on 1 July 2001 as a suburban station on the newly inaugurated Tel Aviv – Binyamina Suburban Service. The station was constructed to provide a railway link for the area's growing population as well as encourage rail commuting to the industrial zone in the vicinity.
The cost of constructing the station was 7 million NIS (about 1.7 million USD), and was partially funded by the Caesarea Development Corporation.
Design.
The station consists of two side platforms with two parallel rail tracks running between them. The station hall is located on the west platform on the grounds of the industrial park. A pedestrian tunnel connects the two platforms beneath the tracks as well as providing access to the station from the eastern (Pardes Hanna) side of the rail tracks.
The station is unique with its teal coloring, and the designs of the shelters on the platforms.
Train service.
Caesarea-Pardes Hanna station is a station on the Tel Aviv suburban line (Binyamina/Netanya–Tel Aviv–Rehovot–Ashkelon–Netivot–Beersheba Suburban Service). Almost all Inter-City trains pass through this station without stopping, except on the weekends. The station is situated between Binyamina Railway Station to the north and Hadera Ma'arav (West) Railway Station to the south.
Timetable highlights:
Station layout.
Platform numbers increase in an East-to-West direction
Public transport connections.
Caesarea-Pardes Hanna station is located inside an industrial area but several bus lines pass outside the station. The bus lines are:

</doc>
<doc id="6937193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937193" title="Touch Me with Your Love">
Touch Me with Your Love

"Touch Me With Your Love" is a song by Beth Orton, released as the fourth single from 1996 album "Trailer Park". It contains 4 songs, and was released on C.D. and vinyl. The release peaked at #60 in the UK official singles chart. It was also released in Australia with a different track listing, and was Orton's first release to have a promotional video.

</doc>
<doc id="6937194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937194" title="Patriarch Volodymyr">
Patriarch Volodymyr



</doc>
<doc id="6937196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937196" title="Lyons Township">
Lyons Township

Lyons Township is the name several townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6937197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937197" title="Acacia implexa">
Acacia implexa

Acacia implexa, commonly known as lightwood or hickory wattle, is a fast-growing Australian tree, the timber of which is used for furniture making. The wood is prized for its finish and strength. The foliage was used to make pulp and dye cloth.
Description.
"Acacia implexa" is a long-lived small to medium-sized tree with an upright habit and an open crown that typically grows to a height of and a width of . The tree can have a single or multiple stems with rough greyish bark. The branchlets are commonly lightly covered in waxy bloom but are not prominently ribbed. It has light green, slender sickle-shaped phyllodes that have a length of up to and a width of . The phyllodes have three to seven prominent nerves and many other fainter ones that are parallel and branching. Bipinnate leaves may persist on some plants. Young foliage has a purple colour in certain conditions. It blooms in summer and produces spherical cream-coloured flowers with a strong perfume. The flower heads have a diameter of and contain 30 to 52 cream to pale yellow flowers. After flowering, thick woody seed pods with a linear and twisted to coiled shape form with a length of and a width of .
Dust from the pods can irritate the eyes and nose. It has wood similar to and is often mistaken with "Acacia melanoxylon".
Taxonomy and naming.
The species was first formally described by the botanist George Bentham in 1842 as part of the work "Notes on Mimoseae, with a synopsis of species" as published in the "London Journal of Botany". It was reclassified as "Racosperma implexum" by Leslie Pedley in 1987 and transferred back into its original genus in 2006. The only other synonym is "Acacia implexa" var. "implexa".
The Wiradjuri people of New South Wales use the name "Gidya".
Distribution.
It is widespread in eastern Australia from central coastal Queensland to southern Victoria, with outlying populations on the Atherton Tableland in northern Queensland and Tasmania's King Island.
The tree is commonly found on fertile plains and in hilly country, where it is usually part of open forest communities and grows in shallow, drier sandy and clay soils.
Aboriginal uses.
The Ngunnawal people of the ACT used the bark to make rope, string, medicine and fish poison, the timber for tools, and the seeds to make flour. The Dharawal people used the flowering of "Acacia implexa" as a seasonal indicator that fires should not be lit unless they are on sand, and camping near creeks and rivers is avoided during this time. The Wiradjuri people of New South Wales use the seeds to make flour, and the bark as a medicine, and for fish poison.
Cultivation.
For "Acacia implexa" to grow, its seeds must first be scarified to crack open the outer casing of the seed which encourages germination. It should start to germinate within two weeks of scarification and being buried in suitable soil.
The species is very hardy and suitable for soil stabilization and bank planting, as a result of the plants suckering habit, which can be accelerated if the roots are damaged. It handles full sun well and is drought and frost tolerant to a temperature of . It is very prone to leaf gall.

</doc>
<doc id="6937198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937198" title="Urban Male (magazine)">
Urban Male (magazine)



</doc>
<doc id="6937199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937199" title="Invincible ignorance">
Invincible ignorance



</doc>
<doc id="6937204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937204" title="Ronald Flanagan">
Ronald Flanagan



</doc>
<doc id="6937208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937208" title="Acoustic Tags">
Acoustic Tags



</doc>
<doc id="6937213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937213" title="Hand to God (Arrested Development)">
Hand to God (Arrested Development)

"Hand To God" is the twelfth episode of the second season of the American television satirical sitcom "Arrested Development". It is the 34th overall episode of the series, and was written by series creator Mitchell Hurwitz and supervising producer Chuck Martin, and directed by Joe Russo. It originally aired on Fox on February 13, 2005, airing back-to-back with the previous episode, "Out on a Limb".
The series, narrated by Ron Howard, follows the Bluths, a formerly wealthy, dysfunctional family, who made their money from property development. The Bluth family consists of Michael, his twin sister Lindsay, his older brother Gob, his younger brother Buster, their mother Lucille and father George Sr., as well as Michael's son George Michael, and Lindsay and her husband Tobias' daughter Maeby. In the episode, Buster tries to come to terms with the loss of his hand, and Michael tries to find a way out of raising Maggie's baby.
Plot.
Michael (Jason Bateman) tells George Michael (Michael Cera) about Maggie Lizer's (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) baby, whom Michael thinks is his. Michael and George Michael meet Lucille (Jessica Walter) and Oscar (Jeffrey Tambor) at the hospital for Buster's (Tony Hale) injury in the ocean, where the doctor (Ian Roberts) tells them that Buster has lost his left hand. Buster and Michael talk about the baby, with Buster telling Michael to go to Maggie since he obviously still has feelings for her. Michael decides for the sake of the baby he needs to win Maggie back and tells her that he wants to rekindle their relationship for more reasons than just the baby. Although Maggie finally confesses that Michael is not really the father, he continues his commitment to her undeterred. Buster returns from the hospital, fitted with a metal hook prosthetic, to find the family gathered in Lucille's penthouse for a welcome home party. Gob (Will Arnett) arrives at the party ignorant of Buster's accident and is scared by Buster's hook.
At the party, Lucille confesses to Michael that Buster's accident was her fault because she prayed for God to take anything to stop Buster from going to war. Gob also confesses to Michael that he released a seal into the ocean that bit Buster. Still not convinced that Maggie is not lying, Michael asks Lindsay (Portia de Rossi) to break into Maggie's house to find evidence that someone else is the father, but Lindsay refuses. He gets George Michael to help instead, and they go to Maggie's house to try to find some evidence of another man. After a brief run in with a police officer, George Michael grabs a note taped to the door that reads "Really eager to hear from you" written under a phone number, and Michael thinks it's from the real baby's father. Gob goes to the docks to rent a boat to try to find the seal while Maeby (Alia Shawkat) films a remake of "The Old Man and the Sea". Using Gene Parmesan to trace the phone number he had found on the door to an address, Michael drives to the house where he believes the real father of Maggie's baby lives. Michael knocks on the door, and the same police officer from Maggie's house opens the door. Michael is invited inside, where he learns that Maggie's baby belongs to the police officer and his partner David, so Michael decides to help the cops get their baby from Maggie.
Maggie's client, an overweight waitress, is actually not fat but carrying the baby that Maggie had been hired to bear, and the urine that Tobias and Lindsay had tested had come from the waitress, not Maggie. The fat suit they had found had belonged to Maggie until she upgraded to a realistic latex model, which is what Michael saw. At the courthouse during the trial, the waitress's water breaks, and Maggie pretends she has gone into labor too. Back at the film set, Gob confesses to Maeby that he's probably responsible for Buster's hand being bitten off, and Maeby convinces him to tell Buster. Buster gouges Oscar in the shoulder while massaging him, then reacts with horror as he notices his hook as if for the first time and goes on a rampage, trashing Lucille's apartment. At that moment, Gob walks in and confesses he is responsible for Buster's hand, and Buster subsequently attacks him. Michael and the policemen find Maggie's room at the hospital, but when Michael grabs the baby she's cuddling it turns out to be the fat suit wrapped in a blanket. Maggie confesses that she "outsourced" the pregnancy to her client to add verisimilitude to her fat case. The cops retrieve their baby from the waitress and go home, George Michael is accidentally taken to the morgue, and Michael and Maggie have sex in her hospital room.
On the next "Arrested Development"....
After attacking Gob, Buster's hook is removed from Gob's ass, and Maggie gets a positive pregnancy result.
Production.
"Hand to God" was directed by Joe Russo, and written by series creator Mitchell Hurwitz and supervising producer Chuck Martin. It was Russo's eighth directing credit, Hurwitz's twelfth writing credit and Martin's seventh and final writing credit. Russo also guest stars as "Joe" in the episode. It was the twelfth episode of the season to be filmed.
Reception.
Viewers.
In the United States, the episode was watched by 5.75 million viewers on its original broadcast, a decrease of almost 1 million viewers from the previous episode, "Out on a Limb".
Critical reception.
"The A.V. Club" writer Noel Murray praised the episode and its predecessor, "Out on a Limb", saying "Mitchell Hurwitz already knows how to handle long-form storytelling". In 2019, Brian Tallerico from "Vulture" ranked the episode 32nd out of the whole series.

</doc>
<doc id="6937214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937214" title="Xyanide">
Xyanide

Xyanide is a video game developed by Playlogic Entertainment and published by Evolved Games for the Xbox in 2006. Described as an "innovative amalgam of 2D shooting and modern 3D effects", "Xyanide" is a 3D interpretation of the 2D side-scrolling shoot 'em up genre. The game was developed in line with a series of unreleased titles for the Game Boy Advance by Engine Software and Nokia N-Gage by Overloaded Pocket Media, with a mobile version of the game being released in 2005. "Xyanide" was released in 2006 as the final exclusive title to be released for the Xbox. A sequel of the game, "", released by Playlogic in 2007 for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable and PC. 
Gameplay.
"Xyanide" is a shoot 'em up game in which players navigate six 3D levels that alternate between side-scrolling and three-dimensional perspectives and feature branching paths. Players control their ship using a two-stick control scheme, with the left stick controlling movement and the right stick controlling the aim of weapons. Core weapons include a spread gun for smaller ships, a laser for larger enemies, and an auxiliary missile launcher that can lock onto targets. The player's ship and weapons can transform during stages by collecting one of two branches of 'mutator' upgrades, with players able to switch between mutations during gameplay. 'Mech' upgrades enhance the player's laser, and 'Organic' upgrades enhance the player's spread gun, with each providing a range of additional unique abilities. Player performance in levels is ranked with a scoring system, with points accumulated by killing enemies, as well as bonus points earned from acquiring abilities, with scores able to be uploaded to Xbox Live. The game features multiplayer gameplay using local co-op using a second controller. While Xbox Live was shut down on April 15, 2010. "Xyanide" is supported online with replacement online servers for the Xbox called Insignia.
Plot.
An intergalactic witch named Aguira has been captured and sentenced to death for her dreadful crimes, but a spaceship transporting Aguira to her execution was struck by an asteroid. To her surprise, the asteroid was rich in Xyanide, a mythical substance known for its abilities to make an exposed person's thoughts become reality. Taking advantage of the situation, the witch uses her new powers to create her own alternate universe as a tool to aid her escape and spread her destructive influence. It is up to the escort pilot Drake to try and stop the evil Aguira from accomplishing her goals and to carry out the sentence.
Development.
"Xyanide" was announced by Dutch developer Playlogic Entertainment in June 2003 and developed at the Game Factory, an in-house studio based in Breda. The game was showcased by Playlogic International at E3 in May 2004. In September 2005, development of "Xyanide" was completed with the game entering a beta testing phase. Ports of "Xyanide" were also planned by Playlogic for handheld consoles and mobile. "Xyanide Advance", a port for the Game Boy Advance developed by Engine Software following their acquisition by Playlogic, was an unreleased title planned for release in Europe in 2004, with an advance release trailer of gameplay released in January 2004. A port of the game for mobile and the Nokia N-Gage by Overloaded Pocket Media was also developed, with a demo of the game being released in February 2005. The design of the ports aimed to prioritise the "look and feel of the original "Xbox" title, using similar assets compressed to the resolution of portable devices. The mobile port of the game was released in 2005.
Reception.
"Xyanide" received lukewarm reviews from critics, with review aggregation website Metacritic recording "mixed or average reviews" for the game at an average score of 70% across 16 reviews. Reviewers were mixed on the game's graphics, with positive reviews praising its unique tone and visual presentation. Writing for "Play", Dave Halverson praised the tone of the game as "exquisite", praising the "hypnotic" opening cutscene and "eerily serene" effects "as if a cinematographer crafted the voyage." "Play" subsequently awarded the game as the "best traditional shooter" of 2006, stating the game's "esoteric sci-fi air" and "surreal settings" made "Xyanide" a "unique experience". However, whilst Greg Kasavin of "GameSpot" praised the "trippy presentation" of the game, he noted it was "somewhat bewildering" and "prone to some unsightly drops in the frame rate." Similarly, Erik Brudvig of "IGN" critiqued the game's graphics, stating "the levels look pretty at first, but quickly become nauseating and boring when the same backgrounds continuously scroll by awkwardly."
Reviewers were similarly mixed on the accessibility of the game's control scheme and handling. Zak Downing of "Gaming Target" described "Xyanide" as a "very well controlled game", praising the handling as "smooth and engaging", although critiquing the "constantly moving" and "irregular" camera movement. Erik Brudvig of "IGN" noted that controlling the player's ship was "simple and intuitive", but noted "you won't always be able to shoot the target you're trying to aim for", remarking "the targeting is spotty" and "the aiming system (is) awkward". Writing for "GameSpot", Greg Kasavin stated the game was "relatively hard to get into", citing the lack of guidance from the user interface and the "unclear" differentiation of weapons, although finding the difficulty level for the game appropriate. Douglas Trueman of "GamesRadar" expressed frustration with the targeting, stating "since the game automatically targets enemies on all three axes, players will occasionally find themselves firing into the distance while enemies...swarm in for the kill."

</doc>
<doc id="6937216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937216" title="Wasted Youth (Magazine)">
Wasted Youth (Magazine)



</doc>
<doc id="6937221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937221" title="Martyrs' Synod">
Martyrs' Synod

The Martyrs' Synod took place in Augsburg, Germany, from 20 to 24 August 1527. The purpose of this meeting, attended by about sixty representatives from different Anabaptist groups, was to come to agreement over the differences related to the central Anabaptist teachings among the Swiss and south German Anabaptists.
The Anabaptists were early promoters of freedom of religion during a period in which German-speaking people equated religious freedom with anarchy. The Martyrs' Synod took place just as persecution of the Anabaptists began to escalate throughout Switzerland, Germany, and Austria: it became known as the Martyrs' Synod because most participants were killed for their faith soon afterwards.
Background.
The young Anabaptist movement had the difficult task of forming a common foundation from groups of varying belief. In early 1527 under the leadership of Michael Sattler an Anabaptist meeting in Schleitheim had produced a basic Anabaptist confession of faith, the Schleitheim Confession. In this confession, this Anabaptist group renounced participation in government, including the taking of oaths as well as participation in military service. Other groups of Anabaptists, though, including the South German Anabaptists, believed that Romans 13 permitted authorities to require their citizens to swear oaths, perform military service, and an agreement between the Swiss and South German Anabaptists was achieved on this point.
Augsburg was selected as the meeting place because it was a central location for Anabaptist groups. The region of the young Anabaptist movement was confined at this point in time to Switzerland, Alsace, Moravia, and Tyrol. There were a number of strong Anabaptist congregations within Augsburg itself, which in 1527 were still relatively free to meet. Their size accounts for their ability to host 60 participants in a single meeting room and offer accommodations for the visitors.
Participants.
Not all of the names of those present at the Synod have been passed down. The following 33 participants are known and arranged among various Anabaptist groups.
The largest group was associated with Hans Hut:
The second largest group were members of one of the Augsburg Anabaptist groups:
The Swiss Anabaptists sent three representatives:
Three participants were associated with Hans Denck:
The Synod met at the house of weaver Gall Fischer, the house of Konrad Huber, and the house of butcher Matheis Finder. Two of the three meetings were under the leadership of Hans Hut and Hans Denck.
Business.
The Martyrs' Synod had no formal rules of order and no minutes were kept. The Synod was only documented in court records of the interrogations many participants later underwent.
The Synod opened with discussions of a proposed Anabaptist oath and bearing of arms. Hans Hut argued against the Swiss Anabaptists position and advocated both oath-taking and military service. He also resisted the demand of the Swiss to establish a uniform dress code for Anabaptists.
Hut had prophesied that in 1528, three and a half years after the German Peasants' War, the Kingdom of God would come, sinners would be punished and authorities exterminated. Participants at the Synod agreed that Jesus Christ's return was imminent, but rejected Hut's calculations and his indication of specific dates and times with references to relevant Bible verses. After a long discussion, Hut did not recant his views, but did promise to no longer openly teach them, but instead to only share them privately.
At the end of the Synod an agreement was made to send out missionaries from Augsburg, to gather as many of the elect as possible. The Anabaptist messengers were individually and in pairs sent to the surrounding area:
This mission effort failed. Most of those sent out were martyred shortly after arrival in their designated region, giving this gathering its name, "Martyrs' Synod".
Aftermath.
When the Augsburg town council learned of the meeting, they had Hans Hut and other participants arrested. They were later tried and sentenced to indefinite imprisonment. Hans Hut was tortured horribly, and accidentally died as a result of a fire which caused his asphyxiation in the Augsburg prison on 6 December 1527. The next day, the authorities sentenced his dead body to death and burned him.
The Martyrs' Synod was both a high point and a turning point in the development of early Anabaptism. For the last time there were so many Anabaptist leaders with varying views. After Augsburg, the Anabaptist continued to be persecuted for more than a hundred years, eventually leading to mass emigrations to North America.

</doc>
<doc id="6937222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937222" title="Clip on tie">
Clip on tie



</doc>
<doc id="6937228" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937228" title="Daniel Davis Jr.">
Daniel Davis Jr.

Daniel Davis Jr. (1813–1887) was an American photographer, daguerreotypist and ambrotypist.
In 1842 Daniel Davis Jr. patented a method for colouring daguerreotypes through electroplating, and his work was refined by Warren Thompson the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="6937233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937233" title="Invincibly ignorant">
Invincibly ignorant



</doc>
<doc id="6937242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937242" title="Delta cells">
Delta cells



</doc>
<doc id="6937247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937247" title="Turtle Ship">
Turtle Ship



</doc>
<doc id="6937248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937248" title="Elderbank, Nova Scotia">
Elderbank, Nova Scotia

Elderbank is a farming community in the Musquodoboit Valley area of the Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia at the junction of Routes 357 and 212. Elderbank is located in the Southeast Branch Musquodoboit. Other communities in this branch include, Meaghers Grant, Nova Scotia.

</doc>
<doc id="6937250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937250" title="Sicinius Velutus">
Sicinius Velutus



</doc>
<doc id="6937255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937255" title="Palm Springs Angels">
Palm Springs Angels

The Palm Springs Angels were a minor league baseball team of the Class A California League from 1986 to 1993 and an affiliate of the California Angels. Following the 1993 season the franchise relocated to Lake Elsinore, California to become the Lake Elsinore Storm.
History.
Following the 1985 season, the Redwood Pioneers were relocated to Palm Springs. Redwood had been the California Angels California League affiliate. The Angels had used Palm Springs as a spring training location. Upon moving to the desert the team adopted the name of their parent club to become the Palm Springs Angels.
Although average game attendance was below average of the league in the late 1980s, the P.S. Angels picked up on fans in the early 1990s, when stadium attendance records surpassed the 100,000 mark in 1992 and again in 1993.
The last team owner, Ken Stickney in The Desert Sun interview stated the P.S. Angels' move was due to a lack of city council support to approve a new minor league ballpark, after the California Angels left for a new spring training facility in Tempe, Arizona.
Former Palm Spring Angels players include Pete Rose Jr., Dante Bichette, J. T. Snow, Tim Salmon, Garret Anderson, Troy Percival and Jim Edmonds.

</doc>
<doc id="6937269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937269" title="Market street bridge, wilmington">
Market street bridge, wilmington



</doc>
<doc id="6937272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937272" title="Alpandeire">
Alpandeire



</doc>
<doc id="6937282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937282" title="Guillermo Roux">
Guillermo Roux

Guillermo Roux (17 September 1929 – 28 November 2021) was an Argentine painter known for his watercolors, collages, and frescoes.
Roux was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, in September 1929. His father, Raúl Roux, was a well-known Uruguayan painter. He studied in the Buenos Aires School of Fine Arts until 1948, and in 1956 he travelled to Rome. There, Roux worked in Umberto Nonni's "bottega" as an assistant in restoration and decoration projects. He returned to Argentina in 1960, and relocated to Jujuy Province, where he taught art and continued to paint.
He lived in New York City, where he worked as an illustrator and a painter, from 1966 to 1967, and returned to Buenos Aires. He traveled extensively, exhibiting in Berlin, London, Munich, Paris, and Sicily, and in 1975, he earned his first international prize at the XIII São Paulo Art Biennial. This was followed by, among other honors, the Konex Award (the highest prize in the Argentine cultural realm), in 1982. Roux's work was added to the prestigious Phillips Collection in Washington, DC, in 1988, and he contributed one of four new frescoes that were added to the cupola of the shopping arcade, Galerías Pacífico, when it was reopened in 1991.
Roux created his own teaching workshop in 1997; his themes include still life, harlequins, Italian actors and geometric shapes; they are often surrealistic. He was named Illustrious Citizen of Buenos Aires in 2007.
He died on 28 November 2021, at the age of 92.

</doc>
<doc id="6937284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937284" title="Kalamunda Road">
Kalamunda Road

Kalamunda Road is a minor arterial road linking the historic suburb of South Guildford with the Darling Scarp suburb of Kalamunda, in Perth, Western Australia.
It serves as a major access road for Perth Airport, and provides the foothills suburbs with access to the Perth central business district.
Route.
Beginning at the historical and now bypassed Great Eastern Highway in South Guildford, the road passes through a light industrial area, and meets the Great Eastern Highway Bypass, which provides access to Perth City and Midland.
It then passes by Perth Airport and Guildford Cemetery, before passing through the foothills suburbs of High Wycombe and Maida Vale. After meeting Roe Highway, it is allocated State Route 41, and is dual carriageway for this section between the highway and Hawtin Road. It then reverts to single carriageway and ascends the Darling Scarp. This section is colloquially known as "Kalamunda Hill". It ends in the Kalamunda town centre.
Major intersections.
All of the below intersections are controlled by traffic lights unless otherwise indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="6937285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937285" title="Manor Township">
Manor Township



</doc>
<doc id="6937286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937286" title="Zoubin Ghahramani">
Zoubin Ghahramani

Zoubin Ghahramani FRS (; born 8 February 1970) is a British-Iranian machine learning and AI researcher, Vice President of Research at Google DeepMind and Professor of Information Engineering at the University of Cambridge. He has been a Fellow of St John's College, Cambridge since 2009. He held appointments at University College London from 1998 to 2005 and was Associate Research Professor in the Machine Learning Department at Carnegie Mellon University from 2003 to 2012. He was the Chief Scientist of Uber from 2016 until 2020. He joined Google Brain in 2020 as Senior Research Director, becoming a VP of Research in 2021, and heading Google Brain until its merger with DeepMind to form Google DeepMind. He was a founding Cambridge Liaison Director of the Alan Turing Institute and also founding Deputy Director of the Leverhulme Centre for the Future of Intelligence.
Education.
Ghahramani was educated at the American School of Madrid in Spain and the University of Pennsylvania where he was awarded a dual degree in Cognitive Science and Computer Science in 1990. He obtained his Ph.D. in Cognitive Neuroscience from the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, supervised by Michael I. Jordan and Tomaso Poggio.
Research and career.
Following his Ph.D., Ghahramani moved to the University of Toronto in 1995 as a Postdoctoral Fellow in the Artificial Intelligence Lab, working with Geoffrey Hinton. From 1998 to 2005, he was a member of the faculty at the Gatsby Computational Neuroscience Unit, University College London.
Ghahramani has made significant contributions in the areas of Bayesian machine learning (particularly variational methods for approximate Bayesian inference), as well as graphical models and computational neuroscience. His current research focuses on nonparametric Bayesian modelling and statistical machine learning. He has also worked on artificial intelligence, information retrieval, bioinformatics and statistics which provide the mathematical foundations for handling uncertainty, making decisions, and designing learning systems. He has published over 300 papers, receiving over 100,000 citations (an h-index of 132).
He co-founded Geometric Intelligence in 2014, with Gary Marcus, Doug Bemis, and Ken Stanley, which was acquired by Uber in 2016. Afterwards, he transferred to Uber's AI Labs in 2016, and later became VP of AI and Chief Scientist at Uber. In 2020 he joined Google and became VP of Research and head of Google Brain in 2021 until its merger with DeepMind in April 2023. 
Awards and honors.
Ghahramani was elected Fellow of the Royal Society (FRS) in 2015. His certificate of election reads:
He was awarded the Royal Society Milner Award in 2021 in recognition of ‘his fundamental contributions to probabilistic machine learning’.

</doc>
<doc id="6937298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937298" title="SS Tirpitz">
SS Tirpitz



</doc>
<doc id="6937301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937301" title="Maple Ridge Township">
Maple Ridge Township

Maple Ridge Township is the name of a few townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6937302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937302" title="Muroga Hyouma">
Muroga Hyouma



</doc>
<doc id="6937309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937309" title="Vincible and invincible ignorance">
Vincible and invincible ignorance

Vincible ignorance is, in Catholic moral theology, ignorance that a person could remove by applying reasonable diligence in the given set of circumstances. It contrasts with invincible ignorance, which a person is either entirely incapable of removing, or could only do so by supererogatory efforts (i.e., efforts above and beyond normal duty).
Doctrine of vincible ignorance.
It is culpable to remain willfully ignorant of matters that one is obligated to know. While invincible ignorance eliminates culpability, vincible ignorance at most mitigates it, and may even aggravate guilt. The guilt of an action performed in vincible ignorance ought to be measured by the degree of diligence or negligence shown in performing the act. An individual is morally responsible for their ignorance and for the acts resulting from it. If some insufficient diligence was shown in dispelling ignorance, it is termed "merely" vincible; it may diminish culpability to the point of rendering a sin venial. When little or no effort is made to remove ignorance, the ignorance is termed "crass" or "supine"; it removes little or no guilt. Deliberately fostered ignorance is "affected" or "studied"; it can increase guilt.
Ignorance may be:
Doctrine of invincible ignorance.
"Invincible ignorance excuses from all culpability. An action committed in ignorance of the law prohibiting it, or of the facts of the case, is not a voluntary act". On the other hand, it is culpable to remain willfully ignorant of matters that one is obligated to know (vincible ignorance). In this case the individual is morally responsible for their ignorance, and for the acts resulting from it. The guilt associated with an offense committed in ignorance is less than it would have been if the act were committed in full knowledge, because in that case the offense is less voluntary.
Protestant view.
Protestants diverged from Catholic doctrine in this area during the Reformation. Martin Luther believed that invincible ignorance was only a valid excuse for offenses against human law. In his view, humans are ignorant of divine law because of original sin, for which all bear guilt. John Calvin agreed that ignorance of God's law is always vincible.

</doc>
<doc id="6937312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937312" title="Tatoosh fire">
Tatoosh fire

The Tatoosh fire began in Washington on August 22, 2006. It was sparked by lightning and in September 2006, it moved across the border into British Columbia. As of September 10, 2006, it was still out of control and burning in E. C. Manning Provincial Park. At that time, it had already burned 4,000 hectares before rain finally brought the fire season to an end. The fire ultimately burned in Washington and British Columbia, and the overall Tatoosh Complex burned .

</doc>
<doc id="6937315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937315" title="Campus of Drexel University">
Campus of Drexel University

The Campus of Drexel University is divided into four sites in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania—the University City Campus, the Center City Campus, the Queen Lane Campus, and the Academy of Natural Sciences. An additional location for the College of Medicine is under construction by Tower Health near Reading Hospital in West Reading, Pennsylvania. A branch campus in California—the Drexel University Sacramento Campus–closed in 2015.
Philadelphia campuses.
Free shuttles connect the Philadelphia campuses.
University City Main Campus.
The University City Main Campus of Drexel University is located in the University City district of West Philadelphia. It is Drexel's largest and oldest campus.
Description.
The University City Main Campus is located just west of the Schuylkill River. The campus reaches: from Chestnut St. in the south to Powelton Ave in the north; and from the Amtrak rail yard in the east to 34th St. in the west. The campus originally consisted of only the Main Building, dedicated in 1891, and its additions. The Main Building's facade is decorated with glazed architectural terra-cotta pattern reliefs and architectural sculptures. The university's first dormitory, the Art Deco style Van Rensselaer Hall, opened in 1932.
In the 1960s the campus expanded greatly and several new buildings were constructed, mainly in the International Style, with orange brick facades. Since then the University has bought nearly all the remaining buildings within the campus perimeter, and has adaptively reused many of them for academic and residential purposes; some of the more notable include the Rush Building, a former hospital that now houses the Drexel University College of Computing and Informatics and the Paul Peck Alumni Center, a former bank designed by Frank Furness. The university has since built another wave of new buildings, primarily in the Modern and Postmodern styles, with metal and glass facades.
North of the Drexel campus lies the Powelton Village district, a neighborhood of primarily Victorian homes. Drexel's continued efforts to expand the university and its dormitories have brought them into conflict with the Powelton Village Civic Association, which has attempted to block university projects on several occasions.
Drexel has been expanding into the University City Science Center buildings. This is a research park presently consisting of 16 modern buildings along Market Street, and is expanding westward. The buildings house labs, classrooms, and other operations of Drexel and the University of Pennsylvania, as well as hosting incubator spaces for startup companies and facilities used by 30 other stakeholders.
Art galleries.
Drexel maintains several art galleries on its main campus. The Drexel Collection is housed primarily in the Westphal Picture Gallery, on the third floor of the Main Building. The collection was established by the university's founder, Anthony J. Drexel, who collected many types of art. The collection continued to receive donations after his death from family, friends, and alumni. The collection has a large variety of artworks and artifacts, including porcelains and furniture.
The Leonard Pearlstein Gallery is an aluminum and slate structure connected to Nesbitt Hall, the College of Media Arts and Design building, in which art exhibitions are frequently held. The slate side of the building is frequently covered with chalk messages about upcoming events.
Student life.
The main campus is home to several student-life related locations, including the Creese Student Center, the Mandell Theater, and Lounge 101 in the basement of the Main Building. The main campus also includes Ross Commons, a remodeled old house converted for students' enjoyment to a restaurant, and meeting, leisure, and study space.
On the south end of campus the Creese Student Center has a cafe, information desk, and sitting areas and tables for students. In the basement are the commuter lounge and the Greenawalt Student Development Center, which houses offices and meeting rooms for many student organizations such as the Undergraduate Student Government Association (USGA).
All first year resident students are required to purchase either a Gold, Blue or Platinum dining plan. The Gold plan entitles them to unlimited visits to the recently renovated Handschumacher Dining Center on Chestnut Street, while the Blue and Platinum plans allows 12 meals per week. They also receive a per-term allowance of dining dollars which can be spent at any of several campus locations including TAKE 3! featuring Freschetta at Ross Commons, the Creese Cafe at the Creese Center, the Taco Bell at Hagerty Library, Starbucks located on the ground level of the Pearlstein Business Learning Center. ThirtyOne41 in the Main Building and the Northside Dining Terrace, featuring a Subway, Chick-fil-A and Currito, on the first floor of Kelly Hall. Upperclassmen may purchase dining plans that allow them a limited number of visits and a different amount of dining dollars.
Non Drexel-owned food options include more than 10 lunch trucks, some spread out around campus and some on Ludlow St. behind the Main Building.
Department of Public Safety.
Drexel has a large urban campus, so the risks of crime are assertively addressed. Drexel aims to maintain a secure campus for students, staff, and local neighbors. Drexel's solution to the issue of crime is a three—layers of defense: Drexel Police, Philadelphia Police, and Drexel Public Safety (staffed by Allied Barton). Drexel has its own police force, and Drexel Police Officers are armed and have the same powers as the Philadelphia Police.
Center City Campus.
The Drexel University Center City Hahnemann Campus is one of two primary locations of the Drexel University College of Medicine. It was originally the home of Hahnemann University, which merged with the Medical College of Pennsylvania in 1993. Drexel acquired MCP Hahnemann University in 2002. The campus is located in Center City, Philadelphia, Broad and 15th Streets.
The School of Public Health moved to the main campus in 2014. As Hahnemann University Hospital closed in 2019 and Drexel does not own the site, the other Center City departments will relocate to the Main Campus, with the Colleges of Nursing and Medicine will move to a new building at 36th and Filbert by 2022 and research laboratories moving as their leases expire.
Queen Lane Campus.
The Drexel University Queen Lane Campus is located at 2900 Queen Lane, giving it its name, in the East Falls neighborhood of northwestern Philadelphia. The Queen Lane Campus houses first and second-year medical students as well as biomedical graduate students of the Drexel University College of Medicine.
The Queen Lane campus was originally built for the Women's Medical College of Pennsylvania, which merged with Hahnemann University in 1988. The combined institution became the Drexel University College of Medicine in 2003.
Academy of Natural Sciences.
The Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University is the oldest natural history museum in the United States and a world leader in biodiversity and environmental research. It was formed as the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia in 2012 and became affiliated with the university in 2011.
California campus.
Drexel University Sacramento.
The Drexel University Sacramento campus was located on the Capitol Mall, next to the Tower Bridge over the Sacramento River, in downtown Sacramento, California. It was opened in 2008 as the Drexel University Sacramento Center for Graduate Studies, and renamed Drexel University Sacramento in 2012. In June 2011 the first commencement ceremony outside of Philadelphia in Drexel's 120-year history occurred here. The Downtown Sacramento campus offered an Ed.D. program in Educational Leadership and Management; and master's degree programs in Business Administration, Finance, Higher Education, Human Resource Development, Public Health, and Interdepartmental Medical Science. A Bachelor of Science in Business Administration transfer program commenced in Fall 2013.
Drexel University announced it was closing the campus in the spring of 2015, though current students were allowed to complete their studies. Negotiations were underway to transition some of the Drexel University Sacramento graduate degree programs to the University of the Pacific.

</doc>
<doc id="6937321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937321" title="1982 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1982 South Carolina gubernatorial election

An election was held on November 2, 1982, to select the governor of South Carolina. The state constitution was amended by the voters on November 4, 1980 to allow for the governor to serve a second consecutive four-year term. Governor Richard Riley, the popular Democratic incumbent, easily defeated Republican W. D. Workman, Jr. and became the first governor since Thomas Gordon McLeod in 1924 to be elected to a second consecutive term.
, this is the only time a Democratic governor won a second term since the constitution was amended to allow for two consecutive terms. It was also the last election that a Democrat has carried every county in South Carolina.
Democratic primary.
Governor Richard Riley faced no opposition from South Carolina Democrats and avoided a primary election.
Republican primary.
The South Carolina Republican Party held their primary for governor in the summer of 1982. The lack of a Democratic primary for Governor gave the Republicans an opportunity to increase interest in their party, but the popularity of Governor Richard Riley prevented many additional voters from participating in the primary. W. D. Workman, Jr. decisively defeated Roddy T. Martin and earned the right to face Riley in the general election.
General election.
The general election was held on November 2, 1982 and Richard Riley was elected as the next governor of South Carolina. Turnout decreased from the previous gubernatorial election because of the uncompetitive nature of the race. Riley won every County in the state.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6937333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937333" title="Franz Halberg">
Franz Halberg

Franz Halberg (July 5, 1919 – June 9, 2013 ) was a scientist and one of the founders of modern chronobiology. He first began his experiments in the 1940s and later founded the Chronobiology Laboratories at the University of Minnesota. Halberg published many papers also in the serials of the History Commission of International Association of Geomagnetism and Aeronomy. He also published in "Wege zur Wissenschaft, Pathways to Science". He was a member of many international bodies, was awarded five honorary doctorates and was a member of the Leibniz Sozietät der Wissenschaften zu Berlin. In the 1950s, he introduced the word circadian, which derives from the Latin about ("circa") a day ("diem").
Nominations for the Nobel Prize.
Halberg was nominated several times for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. In 1988, and again in 1989, upon invitation by Professor Björn Nordenström of the Karolinska Institute in Sweden, then a member of the Nobel committee, Germaine Cornelissen, close associate of Halberg, nominated Halberg for the prize, highlighting the different ingredients contributed by Franz in developing the discipline of chronobiology. Nordenström had come to the University of Minnesota to give a major lecture and accepted Halberg's invitation to come and visit his laboratory. The invitation was extended upon Nordenström's return to Sweden, at the Minneapolis airport where Halberg and Cornelissen had accompanied him to continue discussions of work of mutual interest. After Nordenström left the committee, Halberg's dossier assembled by Cornelissen was handed over to Dr. Dora K. Hayes of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, who had a colleague eligible to make nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="6937337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937337" title="List of Threat Matrix Episodes">
List of Threat Matrix Episodes



</doc>
<doc id="6937341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937341" title="Warren Thompson (photographer)">
Warren Thompson (photographer)



</doc>
<doc id="6937349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937349" title="The National Dream (book)">
The National Dream (book)

The National Dream is a 1970 Canadian non-fiction book by Pierre Berton describing the planning and commencement of the Canadian Pacific Railway between 1871 and 1881.
Following the book's success, a 1971 sequel ("The Last Spike") described the construction phase between 1881 and 1885. Both books formed the basis for the TV miniseries "The National Dream" in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="6937352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937352" title="Carabao (disambiguation)">
Carabao (disambiguation)

Carabao is a domesticated swamp type water buffalo found in the Philippines and Guam.
Carabao may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937355" title="MS Vulcania">
MS Vulcania

MS "Vulcania" was an Italian ocean liner built by Cantiere Navale Triestino, Monfalcone, northern Italy, in 1926 for the Italian company, Cosulich Line.
Characteristics.
"Vulcania" is considered one of the most successful passenger ships ever built. During her career she carried more passengers than any other Italian-flagged ship. Like her twin sister , she was designed by Niccolò Costanzi, the director of the Cantieri Navale Triestino, and represented a great novelty in the conservative field of naval architecture.
She was measured at , with an overall length of and a breadth of . She had one funnel, two masts, twin screws and could reach a maximum speed of . There was accommodation for 310 First, 460 Second, 310 intermediate and 700 3rd class passengers. In 1930 her accommodation was altered to 1st, 2nd, tourist and 3rd class, and in 1962 to 1st, tourist and 3rd class only. In 1930 she was fitted with two new Burmeister &amp; Wain diesel engines a maximum speed of . Later she was rebuilt to a tonnage of 24,469 tons.
Although there had been various ships which offered private verandahs and promenades for the suites, "Vulcania" and "Saturnia" were the first liners to offer a large number of cabins with private balconies. Casa Artistica was responsible for designing the interior of the ship, in conservative classical style, with contributions from Austrian and British design firms. with works of art like "Le Sirene", a 1934 wooden bas-relief by renowned artist , displayed in the tourist-class bar.
The ship was powered by one of the largest two stroke diesel engines of its time. Its cylinders were of the double-acting type, in which combustion takes place both above and below the piston. This required the use of a crosshead.
History.
Launched on 18 December 1926, she sailed from Trieste on her maiden voyage to Patras, Naples and New York City on 19 December 1928. On 1 January 1932, "Vulcania" was acquired by the newly formed Italia Flotte Reunite, founded through a merger encouraged by the Italian government of the Genoa-based Navigazione Generale Italiana (NGI), the Turin-based Lloyd Sabaudo, and the Trieste-based Cosulich STN lines.
In September 1933, she transported the body of the Italian aviator Francesco de Pinedo to Italy from New York City after his death in a plane crash. In the inter-war years, "Vulcania" made many transatlantic routes between the Adriatic and Mediterranean ports and the Americas. In 1933, she stopped many times at Haifa and Palestine. Commandeered by the Italian government, "Vulcania"s wartime service began with special trooping duties during the Second Italo-Ethiopian War in 1935. From 18 February, she made eight voyages sailing between Naples – Massawa – Mogadishu carrying troops and colonists. On 12 May, she was given new engines and renovated at the shipyard in Monfalcone to soon resume her transatlantic sailings until the Kingdom of Italy entered World War II on 10 June 1940.
In December 1936 she commenced her last Trieste-New York voyage for Cosulich. When Italia was liquidated in 1937, Cosulich was absorbed into the replacement Italia Societa Anonima di Navigazione. In 1940, "Vulcania" made her last run from Trieste to New York for Italia Line.
On 27 April 1940, , she was given the southbound run and made her inaugural voyage to South America from Trieste to Buenos Aires, carrying a number of immigrants from Europe to Brazil and Argentina. She stopped in Split, Naples, Genoa, Barcelona, Gibraltar, Lisbon, Funchal, Salvador, Rio de Janeiro, Santos. In Gibraltar, the ship was detained for six hours on 6 May by the Allied Forces Port Authorities, who removed 1,750 postal bags originating from Germany and handed back about 1,000 mailing bags previously apprehended on "Oceania" and duly examined. The ship landed at Rio de Janeiro on 16 May 1940. According to the board report issued by Captain Nestore Martinelli, she was carrying 1,015 passengers, 336 of which came ashore. Among the first class passengers, there were the new Belgian Ambassador in Rio de Janeiro, Mr. Maurice Cuvalier, the new Italian consul in Belo Horizonte, Tranquillo Bianco, and the secretary for the Dutch legation in Rio, Jonkheer H.M. von der Wijck. In transit to Buenos Aires, continued Count and Countess Pavoncelli, maestro Franco Ghione and seven lyrical singers: Galliano Masini, Bruno Landi, Armando Borgioli, Filippo Romito, Giacomo Vaghi and Duiliu Baroni, who were to give a performance at the Teatro Colón. The ship managed to return to Europe in the first days of June from Buenos Aires, via Montevideo, Rio de Janeiro and Salvador, evading British vigilance vessels, which had been ordered to detain her.
The Italian government requisitioned "Vulcania" in 1941 to carry troops to North Africa. In March 1942 she was used on three special missions to repatriate women and children to Genoa from East Africa via South Africa under the aegis of the International Red Cross via Gibraltar, Cape Verde Islands, Port Elizabeth. On 17 September 1943, she was commandeered by the German Navy, then laid up in Venice. In October 1945 she became a United States troopship, repatriating American troops from Naples to New York.
Postwar.
On 29 March 1946, she was chartered to American Export Lines to run between New York – Naples – Alexandria. After six round voyages, she commenced her last voyage on this service on 4 October 1946 and was returned to the Italia Line on 15 November of the same year. She then sailed New York – Naples – Genoa, where she was reconditioned to carry 240–1st, 270-cabin and 860-tourist class passengers. In July 1947 she made another voyage from Genoa to South America and then, on 4 September 1947, resumed the Genoa – Naples – New York service. On 21 September 1955 she commenced her last voyage on this run and on 28 October of the same year was transferred to run between Trieste, Venice, Patras, Naples, Palermo, Barcelona, Gibraltar, Lisbon, Halifax and New York. On 5 April 1965 she commenced her last voyage on this service. She was sold to the Sicula Oceanica S.p.A. / Grimaldi SIOSA Line, renamed "Caribia" and then ran as an immigrant ship between Southampton, Vigo, and Lisbon, and various Caribbean islands, before being put into Mediterranean cruise service.
She hit a rock off Cannes in 1972, was damaged and was laid up at La Spezia. She arrived at Barcelona on 18 September 1973 under tow to be demolished but was resold to a Taiwanese demolition company and departed under tow to Kaohsiung for scrapping on 15 March the following year. However, she sank at the bay before reaching the destination.

</doc>
<doc id="6937365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937365" title="Gishu Mindaye">
Gishu Mindaye

Gishu Mindaye (born August 18, 1986) is an Ethiopian long distance track, and road running athlete.
Gishu won the 2006 Rotterdam Marathon on April 9 beating Helena Javornik and Isabel Elizmendi after 2:28:30, breaking away from Javornik passing the 35 km mark. In September that year she returned to Rotterdam taking part in the 1/2 Marathon. Gishu finished second behind Mara Yamauchi finishing almost two minutes earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="6937367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937367" title="1997 ARL Grand Final">
1997 ARL Grand Final



</doc>
<doc id="6937368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937368" title="List of ship commissionings in 2004">
List of ship commissionings in 2004

The list of ship commissionings in 2004 includes a chronological list of ships commissioned in 2004. In cases where no official commissioning ceremony was held, the date of service entry may be used instead.

</doc>
<doc id="6937371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937371" title="Magnesium iron silicate">
Magnesium iron silicate



</doc>
<doc id="6937384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937384" title="Affected ignorance">
Affected ignorance



</doc>
<doc id="6937386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937386" title="Nguyễn Diệu Hoa">
Nguyễn Diệu Hoa

Nguyễn Diệu Hoa (born 1969 in Hanoi) was crowned the second Miss Vietnam in 1990 when she was at Level 5 in Russian language at Hanoi University of Foreign Studies. She holds an MBA degree from the Asian Institute of Technology (AIT), Thailand. She can speak six languages: Vietnamese, English, Thai, Hindi, Russian, and French. She works at Ceres Commodities Pvt Ltd Company in Thailand. Her husband is Maneesh Dane (Indian), a director of Ceres Commodities Pvt Ltd Company in Asia (the main office is in the United Kingdom). She has three children: two daughters and a son : Nikita, Sonali and Ishan.
Mrs World 2008.
Mrs. Vietnam Nguyen Dieu Hoa entered the top five contestants of Mrs. World 2008 and finished at fourth runner-up on June 29 at Kalininggrat, Russia. Mrs. Ukraine won the crown.

</doc>
<doc id="6937389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937389" title="List of supporting FoxTrot characters">
List of supporting FoxTrot characters



</doc>
<doc id="6937393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937393" title="Arlington Row">
Arlington Row

Arlington Row at Arlington in the parish of Bibury, Gloucestershire, England was built in the late 14th century as a wool store and converted into weavers' houses in the late 17th century. It is a Grade I listed building, owned by the National Trust.
Arlington Row on Awkward Hill is a nationally notable architectural conservation area depicted on the inside cover of all United Kingdom passports. It is a popular visitor attraction, reportedly one of the most photographed Cotswold scenes.
History.
The cottages were built in 1380 as a monastic wool store. This was converted into a row of cottages for weavers in the late 17th century, with some late 17th- or early 18th-century additions.
The cloth produced there was hung out on racks to dry on The Rack Isle opposite, before being sent on to Arlington Mill for degreasing.
It was preserved by the Royal Society of Arts in 1929 and restored by the National Trust in the 1970s.
It has been used as a film and television location, most notably for the films "Stardust" and "Bridget Jones's Diary".
In 2017 the BBC reported that an "ugly" car parked by an elderly motorist had been vandalised, possibly by visitors who had repeatedly complained that it spoilt photographs.
Architecture.
The limestone two-storey buildings have gables below cruck roofs covered with slate.

</doc>
<doc id="6937394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937394" title="Jean Le Sueur">
Jean Le Sueur

Jean Le Sueur (; – 29 November 1668), also known as "Abbé Saint-Sauveur", was a priest from France who arrived at the colony of New France in 1634 on the same ship as Jean Bourdon.
The arrival of these two people is important to their history because a friendship developed that affected both their lives. Bourdon received a number of parcels of land as payments for various services. One, a fief that he named Saint-Jean, was given to him by Governor Charles de Montmagny in 1639 and he later built a chapel there for his friend, Abbé Le Sueur.
In 1650, Le Sueur moved to the site where the chapel was being built. It became the parish church for Sainte-Geneviève hill, under the ministry of Abbé Le Sueur, who also became the tutor to the Bourdon progeny. The chapel was even mentioned in a 1660 dispatch to "the Holy See" by Bishop Laval.

</doc>
<doc id="6937399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937399" title="Maple Ridge">
Maple Ridge

Maple Ridge may refer to a location in North America:

</doc>
<doc id="6937405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937405" title="Frances Tomelty">
Frances Tomelty

Frances Tomelty (born 6 October 1948) is a Northern Irish actress whose numerous television credits include "Strangers" (1978–1979), "Testament of Youth" (1979), "Inspector Morse" (1988), "Cracker" (1993), "The Amazing Mrs Pritchard" (2006), "The White Queen" (2013) and "Unforgotten" (2015). Her theatre roles include playing Kate in the original production of "Dancing at Lughnasa" in Dublin (1990). She was married to the musician Sting from 1976 to 1984.
Early life.
Tomelty was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland, the daughter of actor Joseph Tomelty (1911–1995) and Lena Milligan. She had an older sister, Roma (1945–2020), also an actress.
Career.
Tomelty's television work has included "Survivors", "Bergerac", "Blue Money", "Inspector Morse", "Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married", "Strangers", "Midsomer Murders", "Coronation Street", "Cracker", "Spooks", "Casualty", "The Amazing Mrs Pritchard", "Holby City", "", "The Royal", "Waking the Dead", "Silent Witness", "Unforgotten", "Catastrophe", "Death in Paradise" as well as big-budget adaptations "Atlantis", "Merlin", "The White Queen", and "A Perfect Spy".
On film, she has acted in "Bellman and True", "Monk Dawson", "Bullshot", "The Field", and "Chéri".
Tomelty's theatre roles include Elaine Navazio in "Last of the Red Hot Lovers" by Neil Simon (1979 British premiere directed by Eric Thompson at the Royal Exchange, Manchester); Mia Schuurman in "In the Talking Dark" by Dolores Walshe (1989) (directed by Braham Murray at the Royal Exchange, Manchester); Kate in "Dancing at Lughnasa" by Brian Friel (1990) (directed by Patrick Mason at the Abbey Theatre, Dublin); Momma in "Doctor Heart" by Peter Muller (1991 British premiere directed by Braham Murray at the Royal Exchange, Manchester); and Mrs Alving in "Ghosts" by Henrik Ibsen (2000) (directed by Braham Murray at the Royal Exchange, Manchester). Tomelty also portrayed Lady Macbeth in the Old Vic's disastrous 1980 production of "Macbeth", with Peter O'Toole in the title role.
Personal life.
On 1 May 1976, Tomelty married musician Sting, the lead singer and bassist in the rock band the Police – after knowing him for two years. They met on the set of rock-musical "Rock Nativity". She played the Virgin Mary; he played in the band. They have two children together, Joe Sumner and Kate Sumner. Tomelty and Sting divorced in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="6937415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937415" title="T and T">
T and T



</doc>
<doc id="6937416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937416" title="Jimi Quidd">
Jimi Quidd

Jimi Quidd, born Jim Hatzidimitriou (December 1, 1953 – August 15, 1990) was a Greek-American performer and music producer. He was the lead singer of the New York pop punk band The Dots and also discovered and produced the hardcore band Bad Brains.

</doc>
<doc id="6937418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937418" title="Adriano de Souza Vieira">
Adriano de Souza Vieira



</doc>
<doc id="6937423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937423" title="Charles Bargue">
Charles Bargue

Charles Bargue was a French painter and lithographer noted for devising an influential drawing course.
Life and career.
His most illustrated work is 'Cours de Dessin’, known as one of the most influential classical drawing courses. The course was conceived in collaboration with Jean-Léon Gérôme. Published between 1866 and 1876 by Goupil &amp; Cie, comprised 197 lithographs printed as individual sheets, the course was intended to guide students from plaster casts, to the study of great master drawings, and finally to drawing from the living model. The Charles Bargue Drawing Course is used by many academies and ateliers which focus on Classical Realism. Among the artists whose work is based on the study of Bargue's plate work are Pablo Picasso and Vincent van Gogh, who copied the complete set in 1880/1881, and again in 1890.
Bargue was a student of Jean-Léon Gérôme. Bargue worked closely with Gérôme and was influenced by his style, which included Orientalist scenes and historical genre. Bargue's last painting was completed by Gérôme and is now conserved in the Malden Public Library, Malden, Massachusetts, USA. He travelled extensively through North Africa, and the Balkans, during which time he executed many portraits of local people with meticulous detail.
Charles Bargue Drawing Course.
This drawing course has been resurrected in a lithography studio. The plates are available from the original drawing course as they were proposed to academies in 1875. This set of lithographs is adopted by international academies of classical art.
Work.
Publication
Paintings

</doc>
<doc id="6937427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937427" title="Kazamachi Shogen">
Kazamachi Shogen



</doc>
<doc id="6937442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937442" title="Maple Valley Township">
Maple Valley Township

Maple Valley Township is the name of a few townships in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6937447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937447" title="Warren T. Thompson">
Warren T. Thompson

Warren T. Thompson (active 1840–1870) was an American photographer. Between 1840 and 1846 Thompson worked in Philadelphia and in 1843 refined Daniel Davis Jr.'s electroplating method for colouring daguerreotypes by using a gum tragacanth resist. With this technique colours could be built up in the manner of some types of printmaking. According to an article in the 1892 "American Journal of Photography" by editor Julius Sachse, Thompson traveled to Paris in 1845 from New York without speaking any French and with an introduction from the Russian Consul in New York to the Russian Vice-Consul in Paris who in turn arranged an introduction to Russian photographer Sergei Lvovich Levitsky. Levitsky is quoted by Sachse as declaring Thompson's daguerreotypes were 'works of art'. Sachse further claims that Thompson influenced for the development of portrait daguerreotypes in Paris. From 1849-50 Thompson was listed as a photographer at 14 boulevard Poissonnière, rue Basse-du-Rempart in 1851, then 22 rue de Choiseul from 1853-59. Levitsky returned to Russia by 1849 but came back to Paris by 1859 where he took over Thompson's Choiseul address. This was also the premises for the French arts club.
Thompson (a.k.a. surname 'Warren-Thompson') produced daguerreotypes in Paris as well as very fine stereo daguerreotypes and a number of theatrical self-portraits some of very large size, but his body of known work is scant. The skill of his surviving work suggests he may have trained as a painter. For a pioneer era photographer whose role appears to have been quite prominent in Paris in the 1840s and 50s, Thompson's career is poorly known.

</doc>
<doc id="6937448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937448" title="Market Street Bridge (Wilmington)">
Market Street Bridge (Wilmington)



</doc>
<doc id="6937450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937450" title="Operant learning">
Operant learning



</doc>
<doc id="6937462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937462" title="National Velvet (TV series)">
National Velvet (TV series)

National Velvet is an American drama television series that originally aired from 1960 to 1962 on NBC. Based on the 1935 novel and 1944 film of the same name, the series ran for a total of fifty-eight episodes.
Synopsis.
"National Velvet" stars Lori Martin as Velvet Brown, a girl who lives on a dairy farm with her parents, Martha (Ann Doran) and Herbert Brown (Arthur Space), an ex-jockey Mi Taylor, played by Scottish actor James McCallion, her brother, Donald (Joey Scott), and sister, Edwina (Carole Wells). Velvet owned a thoroughbred stallion named King which she hoped would one day run in the Grand National.

</doc>
<doc id="6937464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937464" title="List of Qing ambans in Tibet">
List of Qing ambans in Tibet

From 1727 until 1912, roughly corresponding to the era of Tibet under Qing rule, the Qing Emperor appointed "imperial commissioner-resident of Tibet" (). The official rank of the imperial resident is "amban" (, colloquially "High Commissioner"). With increasing diplomatic contacts between the British and the Qing in from the 1890s, some assistant ambans () were just as notable as the senior ambans. Two of them, Feng Quan and Zhao Erfeng, who were stationed in Chamdo, were both murdered, the former in the Batang uprising and the latter in Xinhai Revolution.
List.
The ethnicity of several ambans are unknown. By ethnicity, of the 80 ambans, most were Manchu and four were Han: Zhou Ying, Bao Jinzhong, Meng Bao, and Zhao Erfeng. At least fifteen Mongols were known to have served as ambans, perhaps more.
("H=Han, M=Mongol, ?=unknown, unmarked=Manchu)"

</doc>
<doc id="6937471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937471" title="Uncinate process">
Uncinate process

An uncinate process is a hook-shaped projection or protuberance from a bone or organ. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937482" title="Robert Kipkorir Kipchumba">
Robert Kipkorir Kipchumba

Robert Kipkorir Kipchumba (born 2 February 1984 in Kaptul, Marakwet District) is a Kenyan long-distance track, and road running athlete.
Biography.
He started running while at Hossen Primary School. Kipchumba won the junior race at the 2000 World Cross Country Championships in Vilamoura finishing in 22:49. Later that year in Santiago de Chile he won the gold medal at the 2000 World Junior Championships in Athletics when he finished the 10,000 m in 28:54.37. In 2001 and 2002 his running was hampered by injuries. He was recruited by Kenyan Army in 2002. He won the Stramilano half marathon in 2004.
On 8 October 2006 he won the silver medal at the World Road Running Championships. He set a Kenyan national record of 56:41 minutes for the 20 km distance. He won the Lisbon Half Marathon in 2007 with a time of 1:00.31.
He made his marathon debut at the 2009 Rotterdam Marathon, finishing eighth and setting a time of 2:09:54 hours. He won the 2011 Xiamen Marathon with a course record of 2:08:07, in spite of poor weather conditions. His second race of the year came at the Lisbon Half Marathon in March and he came fourth in the fast-paced race.
He is managed by Gianni Demadonna and coached by Renato Canova. Kipchumba has a farm in Trans-Nzoia District. He is married with two children (as of 2004).

</doc>
<doc id="6937504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937504" title="John E. Reilly Sr. Bridge">
John E. Reilly Sr. Bridge



</doc>
<doc id="6937512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937512" title="Virginia State Route 59">
Virginia State Route 59

State Route 59 (SR 59) is a primary state highway in the U.S. state of Virginia. The state highway runs from SR 47 in Drakes Branch east to SR 40 in Keysville within eastern Charlotte County.
Route description.
SR 59 begins at an intersection with SR 47 (Main Street) in the northern part of the town of Drakes Branch opposite Saxkey Road. The state highway heads northeast from SR 47 as Gethsemane Church Avenue, then becomes unnamed after leaving the town limits. SR 59 follows the height of land between Twittys Creek to the south and Ash Camp Creek to the north; both streams empty into Roanoke Creek west of Drakes Branch. The state highway begins to parallel a Norfolk Southern Railway rail line as it approaches Keysville. SR 59 enters the town of Keysville as Merry Oaks Drive then reaches its northern terminus at SR 40 (Church Street) west of downtown Keysville.
History.
Until 1957, when it was transferred from the secondary system, SR 59 was State Route 657. The number 657 is now used on Bradner Road, a minor 0.8-mile (1.3 km) dead-end street off SR 649 east of Phenix.

</doc>
<doc id="6937513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937513" title="Déformation professionnelle">
Déformation professionnelle

Déformation professionnelle (, professional deformation or job conditioning) is a tendency to look at things from the point of view of one's own profession or special expertise, rather than from a broader or humane perspective. It is often translated as "professional deformation", though French "déformation" can also be translated as "distortion". The implication is that professional training, and its related socialization, often result in a distortion of the way one views the world. The Nobel laureate Alexis Carrel has observed that "[e]very specialist, owing to a well-known professional bias, believes that he understands the entire human being, while in reality he only grasps a tiny part of him."
History.
"Déformation professionnelle" was used in nineteenth-century medicine to describe a bodily deformity caused by one's occupation.
As a term in psychology, it was likely introduced by the Belgian sociologist , or the Russian-American sociologist Pitirim Sorokin.
The colloquial term nerdview describes a similar tendency.

</doc>
<doc id="6937514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937514" title="Moóca">
Moóca



</doc>
<doc id="6937518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937518" title="Leo De Matos Cruz">
Leo De Matos Cruz



</doc>
<doc id="6937519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937519" title="Fawaz Younis">
Fawaz Younis

Fawaz Younis (born 1959), also known as Fawaz Yunis and Nazeeh, is a Lebanese hijacker who was arrested in international waters pursuant to an arrest warrant issued in the United States. He was transported to the U.S. and convicted; he was sentenced to 30 years. He was later deported after serving sixteen years of his sentence.
He was born in Lebanon and became an Amal Movement militiaman and then a part of Hezbollah. On June 11, 1985, he led a team that hijacked Royal Jordanian Flight 402 that had two American nationals on board. The Jordanian airliner was sitting on the tarmac at Beirut International Airport when it was stormed by Younis' team. The hijackers forced the flight crew to reveal the identities of the sky marshals to disable them and forced the plane to Tunis. Due to fuel shortage, the flight was diverted to Larnaca, Cyprus. Permission to land at Tunis was refused, so the flight diverted to Palermo. Upon refueling there, the aircraft was flown back to Beirut. In the early morning of June 12, the aircraft took off once more but returned after two hours. After the 13-hour siege, the hijackers released the 70 passengers and blew up the plane. Younis appeared on television as a spokesman for the hijackers.
Rendition.
The Comprehensive Crime Control Act of 1984 created a new section in the U.S. Criminal Code for hostage-taking, and the Omnibus Diplomatic Security And Antiterrorism Act of 1986 established a new extraterritorial statute pertaining to terrorist acts conducted abroad against U.S. citizens and interests. Upon approval by the host country, the FBI has the legal authority to deploy FBI personnel to conduct extraterritorial investigations in the host country where the criminal act has been committed, enabling the United States to prosecute terrorists for crimes committed against U.S. citizens.
In September 1987, Younis was lured aboard a yacht in international waters off Cyprus with promises of a drug deal, arrested by the FBI, and flown to Andrews Air Force Base using an S-3 Viking from the aircraft carrier . He was the first person charged under the new federal hostage-taking statute that gave the U.S. jurisdiction over terrorist acts overseas involving American citizens. He was sentenced to 30 years in a U.S. federal prison.
Fawaz Younis was released by the U.S. government on February 18, 2005, and deported to Lebanon in March 2005 by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, a sub-department of the Homeland Security Department, after having served sixteen years of his sentence.

</doc>
<doc id="6937520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937520" title="Route 59 (Virginia)">
Route 59 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6937522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937522" title="The Long Dark Tea Time Of The Soul">
The Long Dark Tea Time Of The Soul



</doc>
<doc id="6937523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937523" title="What is it">
What is it

What is it? is a common interrogational phrase.
What is it or "variation" may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937524" title="Deformation professionelle">
Deformation professionelle



</doc>
<doc id="6937526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937526" title="Virginia State Highway 59">
Virginia State Highway 59



</doc>
<doc id="6937528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937528" title="Fawaz Yunis">
Fawaz Yunis



</doc>
<doc id="6937529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937529" title="State Route 59 (Virginia 1957)">
State Route 59 (Virginia 1957)



</doc>
<doc id="6937533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937533" title="Leo Johnson">
Leo Johnson

Leo Johnson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937536" title="Léonardo De Matos Cruz">
Léonardo De Matos Cruz



</doc>
<doc id="6937537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937537" title="Yunis">
Yunis



</doc>
<doc id="6937541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937541" title="The Long Dark Tea-Time Of The Soul">
The Long Dark Tea-Time Of The Soul



</doc>
<doc id="6937542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937542" title="Younis">
Younis



</doc>
<doc id="6937546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937546" title="Mason Township">
Mason Township

Mason Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937552" title="Hana Makihatayama">
Hana Makihatayama



</doc>
<doc id="6937556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937556" title="Property Lists">
Property Lists



</doc>
<doc id="6937560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937560" title="Remy Ceillier">
Remy Ceillier



</doc>
<doc id="6937561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937561" title="Telluride Institute">
Telluride Institute

The Telluride Institute (TI) was founded in 1984 in the resort town of Telluride, Colorado, by John Lifton, Pamela Zoline, John Clute, John Naisbitt and Patricia Aburdene, authors of the "Megatrends" books, and Amory and Hunter Lovins of the Rocky Mountain Institute.
The original mission of the Telluride Institute was to organize and promote the first Telluride Ideas Festival, 1985's "Reinventing Work." Participants included left-wing British politician Shirley Williams, the Juilliard String Quartet's Robert Mann and then-Senator Al Gore Jr.
Since then, the Institute has held numerous Ideas Festivals, including 1988's "Perestroika," the first event in the United States to be co-sponsored by a domestic non-governmental organization and the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the USSR (the only political party permitted in the USSR at the time), and 1989's "Housing the Community."
Major projects.
Two Ideas Festivals spawned major projects:
Water.
1992's "Water: The Upper San Miguel Watershed" gave birth to the San Miguel Watershed Coalition, now an independent nonprofit group whose 2006 Watershed Report Card inspired the Institute to hold a lecture series addressing the issue that summer. The TI also created three “living classrooms” where students at schools in the area can study the ecology of the watershed.
TeleCommunity.
1993's "TeleCommunity" spawned the InfoZone, a project which made Telluride the first small town in the United States not affiliated with a university or corporation to have direct dial-in to the Internet through a dedicated Internet POP tied to a pervasive community tele-computing network.
Other notable patrons of the Ideas Festival include Soviet cultural ambassador Alexander Potemkin, novelist Edward Abbey, Rep. Newt Gingrich, Reagan strategist Lee Atwater, and Tom Hayden, the co-founder of Students for a Democratic Society (SDS), along with several United States senators and governors from Colorado and neighboring states.
Other projects.
The Telluride Institute has expanded to include many other projects since its inception.
In 1997, the TI invented the idea of Greenbucks, printed vouchers that one earns by working for environmental clean-up and restoration projects and that can be used as tickets to local concerts or at participating stores and restaurants. The institute administered the Greenbucks program in Telluride, Mountain Village, and other nearby towns.
In partnership with the Town of Telluride, the TI held its first annual black bear awareness week in 2005. It included lectures, performances and a community celebration on Telluride’s Main Street to educate area residents about the proper way to coexist with the local bear population. In 2006, the institute took over the organization of the annual Telluride Mushroom Festival, a popular event that involves lectures, film screenings, foraging trips, and cooking demonstrations.
In 2006 John Lifton and Pamela Zoline founded the "Centre for the Future" in the Czech border town of Slavonice. The Centre planned to hold, in September 2006, two simultaneous dual-language festivals: “Robot,” a gathering of science fiction authors and artists inspired by science from the US, UK and the Czech Republic, and “Cultural Landscapes,” examining the impact of society on the surface of the Earth and vice versa through panels and exhibits regarding architecture, urban planning, landscape design, land art and new technologies of mapping and representing topography.

</doc>
<doc id="6937573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937573" title="Bragg Elementary School">
Bragg Elementary School



</doc>
<doc id="6937577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937577" title="Pirates of the Silicon Valley">
Pirates of the Silicon Valley



</doc>
<doc id="6937583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937583" title="Evasion">
Evasion

Evasion or evade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937595" title="Beta Phi Chapter of Beta Theta Pi">
Beta Phi Chapter of Beta Theta Pi



</doc>
<doc id="6937608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937608" title="Marangon">
Marangon

Marangon is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6937624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937624" title="Dwight Freeny">
Dwight Freeny



</doc>
<doc id="6937626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937626" title="Occupational science">
Occupational science

Occupational science is a discipline dedicated to the study of humans as "doers" or "occupational beings". As used here, the term "occupation" refers to the intentional or goal-directed activities that characterize daily human life as well as the characteristics and patterns of purposeful activity that occur over lifetimes.
History.
Occupational science evolved as a loosely organized effort by many scholars in different disciplines to understand human time use. It was named and given additional impetus in 1989 by a team of faculty at the University of Southern California (USC) led by Dr. Elizabeth Yerxa, who had been influenced by the work of graduate students under the supervision of Mary Reilly at the same university. Since its formal beginning at that time, which coincided with the establishment of a Ph.D. program in Occupational Science at USC; occupational science has evolved as an additional source of research to expand empirical knowledge underlying the profession of occupational therapy.
Links between occupational science and occupational therapy.
Occupational science was developed by scholars (mainly from the profession of occupational therapy) who drew from original ideas predating the founding of occupational therapy. It may thus be considered as a developing or emerging academic discipline. The substrates (or underlying dimensions) of occupation ("form", "function", and "meaning") are difficult to observe and quantify, and thus require and benefit from a multidisciplinary approach. While both occupational science and occupational therapy are rooted in systems theory and holistic views of human agency, the methods for observing and understanding an occupation's form (how something is done), function (its purpose), and meaning (how it is understood and experienced by the doer) are not always holistic in approach. For instance, disciplines such as biomechanics and psychology inform occupational science but, individually, are not necessarily concerned about how their explanations contribute to an integrated understanding of the factors collectively influencing a person's daily life. Professional practice in occupational therapy can prompt new ideas and spark potential research within the discipline of occupational science; although typically, knowledge from academic disciplines precedes the application of such knowledge in applied fields. Occupational science has the capacity to provide insight into the primary modality of occupational therapy (occupation) through studying the consequences of participation in occupation and its therapeutic benefits. Reciprocally, occupational therapy research may provide insights into how human agency and the factors influencing it change under conditions of illness, disability or therapeutic intervention. Additional viewpoints about these relationships may be found in documents describing relationships between occupational science and occupational therapy that have been published by the World Federation of Occupational Therapists (WFOT) and the Society for the Study of Occupation in the United States (SSO:USA). Research has been reported that begins to delineate key or essential concepts from occupational science as they pertain to the practice of occupational therapy. Further refinement of this work may help focus research initiatives in occupational science to guide educators, scientists, and practitioners to advance the evidence-based use of occupation in occupational therapy practice.
Relationships between human occupation and health and well-being.
Beyond the well-documented benefits of regular physical activity, occupations that engender purpose, competence and self esteem may provide psychological benefits related to satisfying needs for meaning. Living situations that limit or restrict participation in meaningful occupations (such as geographic isolation, refugeeism or incarceration) or lead to participation in harmful occupations, (such as substance abuse, deviant or risky behaviors), can lead to "illness, isolation and despair," or even death. However, participation in occupations shown to be beneficial or restorative can enhance health. Through participation in engaging or restorative occupations, the mental state of individuals can be improved and result in feelings of regeneration. Sleep, an area of occupation, not only regenerates physical and cognitive processes, but also is required for satisfactory occupational functioning. Participating in other relaxing or tension-reducing occupations, such as (for example) reading a book, getting a massage, going for a walk, exercising, or pursuing an engaging hobby; may provide physical, cognitive and mental restoration, and stress reduction.
Empirical research linking the perceived psychological and physiological benefits of participation in different types of daily human occupation is ongoing. Questions about the nature of different dimensions of human occupation and their influences on human identity, behavior and states of being are viewed by occupational scientists as suitable areas of investigation. Developmental theorists have long hypothesized that the occupations of childhood and activity related events characteristic of different stages of adulthood are critical factors in physical, cognitive and psychological growth and maturation. 
Similarly, there is ongoing interest in how patterns of daily time use, including habits, routines, and lifestyles, may be related to states of well-being. Adolf Meyer, a prominent early psychiatrist and advocate for occupational therapy in the United States, was among the first to speculate that a regular pattern, rhythm or flow of daily occupations contributed to mental health. Meyer also postulated that the life history of his patients could be used to identify situational conditions and events that helped explain their disorders, thus providing an avenue for prevention through community interventions to promote public health (mental hygiene).
Academic application.
The development of occupational science as an academic discipline has been advanced through the creation of several university-based programs of study leading to undergraduate and graduate degrees in the field. Disciplines within which occupational scientists can be found include architecture, engineering, education, marketing, psychology, sociology, anthropology, economics, occupational therapy, public health, and geography. There are several national, regional and international societies dedicated to promoting the evolution of this specialized area of human science. Academic journals containing content directly relevant to occupational science include the "Journal of Occupational Science," "OTJR: Occupational Therapy Journal of Research, Journal of Happiness Studies, 'Quality of Life Research, "Applied Research in Quality of Life", Canadian Journal of Occupational Therapy, The Scandinavian Journal of Occupational Therapy, the American Journal of Occupational Therapy" and various other occupational therapy journals.

</doc>
<doc id="6937631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937631" title="Recompression">
Recompression

Recompression is the process of returning to a state of higher ambient pressure. Often associated with underwater diving and compressed air work, but also relevant to aeronautics and space flight:

</doc>
<doc id="6937637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937637" title="May Township">
May Township

May Township may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937643" title="Zielen van Napels">
Zielen van Napels

Zielen van Napels is a documentary film by director Vincent Monnikendam that was first released in the United States in a special preview at the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. in 2005.
The film covers the many aspects of the diverse and socially terraced Neapolitan society and is filmed primarily in local dialects and Italian. English subtitles were available during the opening preview at the NGA.
This documentary has frequented a number of the more renowned film festivals, including the International Film Festival Rotterdam and the 2004 Toronto International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="6937654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937654" title="Prohibit">
Prohibit



</doc>
<doc id="6937656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937656" title="McMillan Township">
McMillan Township



</doc>
<doc id="6937668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937668" title="Menallen Township">
Menallen Township



</doc>
<doc id="6937675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937675" title="List of Jinzō'ningen in Dragon Ball">
List of Jinzō'ningen in Dragon Ball



</doc>
<doc id="6937681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937681" title="What is It?">
What is It?



</doc>
<doc id="6937682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937682" title="Sir Hans Heysen">
Sir Hans Heysen



</doc>
<doc id="6937692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937692" title="Andile Yenana">
Andile Yenana

Andile Yenana is a South African pianist. He made an indelible mark by switching from teaching to studying jazz. He has produced and worked with many South African as well as international artists.
Early years.
Born in 1968 in King William's Town, Andile's love for music was triggered at an early age. He grew up in a household where music was really loved. His father, Felix Thamsanqa Yenana, had a huge collection of music, ranging from jazz to Motown, and other forms of urban black music and this had a huge influence in Andile's life. Andile took up music studies under Darius Brubeck at the University of Natal's School of Jazz and Popular Music It was here that he became friends with saxophonist Zim Ngqawana and trumpeter Feya Faku.
He joined Zim Ngqawana quartet and worked with Zim Ngqawana on all 5 of his albums, including "San Song" recorded with Bjorn Ole Solburg and his Norwegian San Ensemble. He has also worked on the pan-African music project Mahube with saxophonist Steve Dyer and others. He has also worked as arranger for Sibongile Khumalo, Gloria Bosman and Suthukazi Arosi. In 2005 he was selected as the 2005 Standard Bank Young Artist for Jazz.

</doc>
<doc id="6937707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937707" title="Also sprach Zarathustra (Richard Strauss song)">
Also sprach Zarathustra (Richard Strauss song)



</doc>
<doc id="6937711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937711" title="Mentor Township">
Mentor Township

Mentor Township may refer to the following places in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6937714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937714" title="Kisaragi Saemon">
Kisaragi Saemon



</doc>
<doc id="6937723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937723" title="Band spectrum">
Band spectrum



</doc>
<doc id="6937727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937727" title="It Is Fine! Everything Is Fine.">
It Is Fine! Everything Is Fine.

It Is Fine! Everything Is Fine. is a 2007 American independent drama film directed by David Brothers and Crispin Glover. It was written by and stars Steven C. Stewart. It also stars Margit Carstensen.
"It Is Fine" is the second in a planned trilogy of films directed by Glover (all of them under the amplificated title "A Crispin Hellion Glover Film"), with the other two entries being "What Is It?" (2005) and "It Is Mine" (TBA).
Synopsis.
A psycho-sexual, fantastical retelling of the life of a man with cerebral palsy and a fetish for girls with long hair.
Production.
The film was completely funded by Crispin Glover, through his production company Volcanic Eruptions, using his salary from acting in "Charlie's Angels" (2000) and other films. It was written by and stars Utah writer-actor Steven C. Stewart, who also appears in "What Is It?" (2005). Glover and co-director and production designer David Brothers were working on an eventually unfinished project together in the late 1980s when Brothers passed Stewart's screenplay on to Glover, which the two committed to directing together with Stewart in the lead role.
Although still in the midst of post-production of "What Is It?", Glover started shooting "It Is Fine! Everything Is Fine." in 2001 due to Stewart's declining health making it apparent he did not have long left to live. The film was shot intermittently over six months. Stewart died of complications from cerebral palsy only one month after principal filming wrapped.
Glover has said that Stewart's script was in the style of a 1970s made-for-TV movie, and has said that "It's an autobiographical, psychosexual, fantastical retelling of [Stewart's] point-of-view of life." Apart from the opening and closing scenes that were filmed in a nursing home, "It is Fine. Everything is Fine!" was shot entirely at David Brothers's sound stage in Salt Lake City, Utah. "It Is Fine! Everything is Fine." was shot on 16 mm film stock and is usually projected on a 35 mm film print. Glover has stated that it is "probably the best film [he'll] ever work on in [his] entire career."
Release.
This film premiered at the Egyptian Theater in Park City, Utah on January 23, 2007 for the Midnight screening as an official selection of the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. Glover screens the film alongside "What Is It?" at independent cinemas, typically accompanied by a question-and-answer session, a one-hour dramatic narration of eight different profusely illustrated books as a slideshow, and a meet-and-greet/book signing with Glover.
Reception.
The film had received an 80% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 10 reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="6937739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937739" title="1986 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1986 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1986 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1986, to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Carroll A. Campbell Jr., a Republican representative of the 4th congressional district, narrowly defeated Democrat Michael R. Daniel to become the 112th governor of South Carolina and only the second Republican governor since Reconstruction.
Democratic primary.
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor on June 10. Michael R. Daniel was declared the official candidate for the Democrats despite not obtaining 50% of the vote because second-place finisher, Winthrop University president Philip Lader, declined a runoff election.
Republican primary.
Carroll A. Campbell, Jr. faced no opposition from South Carolina Republicans and avoided a primary election.
General election.
The general election was held on November 4, 1986, and Carroll A. Campbell, Jr. was elected as the next governor of South Carolina in the closest election percentage wise since the disputed election of 1876. Turnout was higher than the previous gubernatorial election because of the increasingly competitive nature of the race between the two parties.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6937741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937741" title="Aya Manome">
Aya Manome

 is a Japanese long distance track, and road running athlete.
On September 10, 2006, Manome finished third at the Rotterdam Half Marathon in Rotterdam, The Netherlands. Her time of 1:12:50 was 2:14 behind winner Mara Yamauchi. Manome also finished third in the 2007 Great Scottish Run half marathon.

</doc>
<doc id="6937749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937749" title="Chavundaraya">
Chavundaraya

Cāmuṇḍarāya or Chavundaraya (Kannada "Cāmuṇḍarāya, Cāvuṇḍarāya", 940–989) was an Indian Jain ruler. He served in the court of the Western Ganga dynasty of Talakad (in modern Karnataka, India). A person of many talents, in 981 he commissioned the construction of the monolithic statue of Bahubali, the Gomateshwara, at Shravanabelagola, an important place of pilgrimage for Jainism. He was a devotee of the Jain Acharya Nemichandra and Ajitasena Bhattaraka and was an influential person during the reigns of Marasimha II Satyavakya, (963–975). Rachamalla IV Satyavakya, (975–986) and Rachamalla V (Rakkasaganga), (986–999).
A courageous commander with the title "Samara Paraśurāma" ("lit", "Battle-Rama wielding an ax"), he found time to pursue his literary interests as well and became a renowned writer in Kannada and Sanskrit. He wrote an important and existing prose piece called the "Chavundaraya Purana", also known as "Trishasthi Lakshana Purana", in Kannada (978) and the "Cāritrasāra" in Sanskrit. He patronised the famous Kannada grammarians Gunavarma and Nagavarma I and the poet Ranna whose writing "Parusharama Charite" may have been a eulogy of his patron. Because of his many lasting contributions, Chavundaraya is an important figure in the history of medieval Karnataka.
Origin.
In his writing, he claims he was from the "Brahmakshatriya" "Vamsa" (Brahmin converted to the Kshatriya caste). The 10th century Algodu inscription of the Mysore district and the Arani inscription from the Mandya district provide more information on the family genealogy of Chavundaraya. It states that Chavundaraya was the grandson of Govindamayya who is praised for his knowledge and Dharma and was the son of Mabalayya, a subordinate of King Marasimha II. Mabalayya and his brother Isarayya are praised for their prowess in the inscription. It is believed that their political position under King Marasimha II may have led to a gradual adoption of Kshatriya status by this Brahmin family.
An inscriptional eulogy of Chavundaraya on the "Tyagada Brahmadeva Pillar" at Shravanabelagola (which has beautiful engravings and relief representing Chavundaraya and his guru Nemichandra at the base) praises him thus,
Commander.
As a commander for the Western Ganga feudatory of the Rashtrakutas, he fought many battles for their Rashtrakutas overlords, beginning in the days of the Rashtrakuta king, Khottiga Amoghavarsha. In fact, the Gangas supported the cause of the Rashtrakutas till the very end. During the last years of Rashtrakuta rule, the Gangas were also under constant threat of civil war and from invasions of the increasingly powerful Chola Dynasty. When a civil war broke out in 975, Chavundaraya supported the cause of Prince Rachamalla IV and installed him on the throne.
Kongu historians Pulavar S.Raju and Pondheepankar point out in their works that his sister Puliabbai's sallekhana or fasting to death in the Vijayamangalam Jain temple, Kongu Nadu is marked by a stele inscription and thus he being a native of this region.A trilingual name inscription, also recorded in Tamil Pallava Grantha records his name in the left foot flank of the Gommateshwara monolith. 
Chavundaraya suppressed a rebellion made by Panchaldeva Mahasamanta in 975 AD and slew Mudurachayya (who held the titles "Chaladanka Ganga" and "Gangarabanta") in the battle of Bageyur. He thus avenged the death of his brother Nagavarma by Mudurachayya. After these battles where Chavundaraya showed his gallantry, Rachamalla IV ascended the Ganga throne. For his exploits, Chavundraya earned the titles "Samara Parsurama", "Vira Martanda", "Ranarangasimha", "Samara Dhurandhara", "Vairikula Kaladanda", "Bhuja Vikrama" and "Bhatamara".
Writings.
Chavundaraya's writing, "Chavundaraya Purana", is the second oldest existing work in prose style in Kannada and is a summary of the Sanskrit works, "Adipurana" and "Uttarapurana", written by Jinasena and Gunabhadra during the rule of Rashtrakuta Amoghavarsha I. The prose work, composed in lucid Kannada, was meant mainly for the common man and avoided any reference to complicated elements of Jain doctrines and philosophy. In his writing, the influences of his predecessor Adikavi Pampa and contemporary Ranna are seen. "Trishashtilakshana purana" narrates the legends of twenty-four Jain Tirthankaras, twelve "Chakravartis", nine "Balabhadras", nine "Narayanas" and nine "Pratinarayanas" – narrations on sixty-three Jain proponents in all.
Builder.
The monolith Gomateshwara statue dedicated to the Jain god, Bahubali, was commissioned by Chavundaraya and built on the Indragiri hill (also known as Vindhyagiri Hill) is a unique example of Western Ganga sculpture. Carved from fine-grained white granite, the image stands on a lotus. It has no support up to the thighs and is 60 feet tall with the face measuring 6.5 feet. With the serene expression on the face of the image, its curled hair with graceful locks, its proportional anatomy, the monolith size, and the combination of its artistry and craftsmanship have led it to be called the mightiest achievement in sculptural art in medieval Karnataka. It is the largest monolithic statue in the world. The Chavundaraya basadi also in Shravanabelagola and built on the Chandragiri Hill is credited to him by some scholars while others argue it was built by his son Jinadevana. However, by the 12th century additions to the shrine were made by a later King Gangaraja by which time tradition held that the shrine was built by Chavundaraya. However another view holds that the original shrine itself was consecrated in the 11th century and built in memory of Chavundaraya.

</doc>
<doc id="6937750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937750" title="Necum Teuch, Nova Scotia">
Necum Teuch, Nova Scotia

Necum Teuch (pronounced -comm-taw) is a small rural community on the eastern shore of the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia in the Musquodoboit/Sheet Harbour region of the Marine Drive on Trunk 7. The community is famous for the lifelike scarecrows created by Angela Smith Geddes, author of children's books, including "The Scarecrows of Necum Teuch", "Necum Teuch Notes", "The Shadow People", and several others.

</doc>
<doc id="6937775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937775" title="The National Dream (miniseries)">
The National Dream (miniseries)

The National Dream, also known as The National Dream: Building the Impossible Railway, is a 1974 Canadian television docudrama miniseries based on Pierre Berton's 1970 book of the same name, plus Berton's 1971 follow-up book "The Last Spike". The television adaptation was written by William Whitehead and Timothy Findley. Berton is listed as a consultant on the credits.
Production.
The series portrayed the concept and construction of the Canadian Pacific Railway during the late 19th century, with Berton himself as narrator. "The National Dream" combined dramatic reconstructions of the events (directed by Eric Till) with documentary content (directed by James Murray). Production required two years and cost $2 million. Royal Trust, which was the executor of Cornelius Van Horne's estate, paid $400,000 to be a principal sponsor.
CBC Television premiered the eight-part hour-long series on 30 March 1974 and aired its final instalment on 28 April 1974. The series' rated audience of three million within Canada set a record for CBC in terms of dramatic programming. The series was also dubbed in French and broadcast on Radio-Canada, and was later seen in modified form on BBC in the United Kingdom.
After initial release.
The series was never intended for international sales to cover any significant portion of its production costs. Berton, however, was believed to have earned at least $250,000 from it, as well as from a re-release of the related books.
There has never been a home video release, but it is available to educational institutions in DVD on special order from the CBC.

</doc>
<doc id="6937783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937783" title="On the Waters">
On the Waters

On the Waters is the second album by Bread, released in July 1970 on Elektra Records. The album peaked at No. 12 on the US "Billboard" Top LPs chart and No. 34 on the UK Albums chart. "On the Waters" was certified Gold in the US by the RIAA.
Critical reception.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic said, "Of course, this is hardly a hard rock record, but it's a first-class Californian pop record, one that is as blissful as a sunset when it lays back, and as incandescent as a day at the beach when the tempo is sprightly."
Singles.
"Make It with You" peaked at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and No. 4 on the "Billboard" Easy Listening chart.
Track listing.
Side one
Side two

</doc>
<doc id="6937789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937789" title="State Route 1 (Virginia 1918-1923)">
State Route 1 (Virginia 1918-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6937794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937794" title="State Route 2 (Virginia 1918-1923)">
State Route 2 (Virginia 1918-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6937799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937799" title="State Route 3 (Virginia 1918-1923)">
State Route 3 (Virginia 1918-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6937801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937801" title="State Route 4 (Virginia 1918-1923)">
State Route 4 (Virginia 1918-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6937804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937804" title="State Route 6 (Virginia 1918-1923)">
State Route 6 (Virginia 1918-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6937807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937807" title="State Route 7 (Virginia 1918-1923)">
State Route 7 (Virginia 1918-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6937812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937812" title="Peter Hamilton Raven">
Peter Hamilton Raven



</doc>
<doc id="6937813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937813" title="State Route 8 (Virginia 1918-1923)">
State Route 8 (Virginia 1918-1923)



</doc>
<doc id="6937815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937815" title="State Route 9 (Virginia 1933-1940)">
State Route 9 (Virginia 1933-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6937816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937816" title="Go! (Common song)">
Go! (Common song)

"Go!" is the third single from the Common album "Be". It is produced by Kanye West, who also performs backing vocals for the track alongside John Mayer. The track's percussion is handled by Num Amuntehu, while its scratches are provided by A-Trak. Its beat contains a sample from "Old Smokey" by Linda Lewis. Its lyrics deal with sexual fantasies.
Two remixes of "Go!" featuring Joy Denalane were released as singles: one was remixed by Kanye West and the other by Jazzanova. J. Cole also raps over the "Go!" beat on "Knock On Wood Freestyle" on his The Blow Up mixtape.
Background.
Common, Kanye West and John Mayer were inspired to create a song after seeing the 2004 movie "Ray". They all headed to a studio where Kanye worked on a beat and Mayer told Common to write about fantasies. Despite Common's initial hesitance of being influenced by a non hip hop artist, he wrote the song and it was later recorded in two studios: Sony Music Studios in New York City and Encore Studios in Burbank, California.
Commercial performance.
It was the most commercially successful song on "Be" as it reached #79 on The Billboard Hot 100 and also reached the Hot R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Singles &amp; Tracks and Hot Rap Tracks charts. Critics attribute this success to its mellow beat, smooth vocals and subject matter. Spence D. of IGN.com writes: 
Music video.
A music video directed by Kanye West, MK12 and Convert was produced. It features Common relaxing in a modern house that contains rugs, couches and a large window allowing much light into the house. Common's surroundings are constantly morphing, but maintain a brown and beige color scheme. As a preface to various scenes in which Common fulfills fantasies with women, phrases such as "body of a dancer" and "free love" appear. The end of the video features a snippet of "Faithful", the succeeding track in "Be" after "Go!". "Entertainment Weekly" named it the fourth best music video of 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6937817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937817" title="Curt von François">
Curt von François

Curt Karl Bruno von François (2 October 1852 – 28 December 1931) was a German geographer, cartographer, Schutztruppe officer and commissioner of the imperial colonial army of the German Empire, particularly in German South West Africa (today's Namibia) where he was responsible on behalf of Kaiser for the foundation of the city of Windhoek on 18 October 1890 and the harbor of Swakopmund on 4 August 1892.
Life.
François was born in Luxembourg of French Huguenot ancestry. He was the son of Prussian general Bruno von François, who was killed in the battle of Spicheren. Curt's younger brother Hermann von François (1856–1933) served as a general in World War I and was one of the key contributors to the German victory at the 1914 Battle of Tannenberg. The writer Louise von François was his aunt.
Like his ancestors, young Curt von François joined the Prussian Cadet Corps. He served as a soldier in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870–71, whereby his father was killed in action during the Battle of Spicheren on 6 August 1870, and was awarded the Iron Cross. In 1883 he worked as a geographer on an exploratory expedition along the Kasai River in the Congo region under the leadership of Hermann Wissmann and two years later joined another expedition into the Congo led by George Grenfell. Back in Germany, he became a member of the German General Staff, and was elevated to the rank of "Hauptmann" (Captain). In 1887 he was stationed as a research officer in German West Africa. On behalf of the Foreign Office, he explored Togoland and the trade route to Salaga up to the Mossi territory in the north.
South West Africa.
In 1883, the German merchant Adolf Lüderitz had purchased the coastal area of Angra Pequena, following negotiations with a local African chief. He called this coastal region of southwestern Africa Lüderitz. Fearing that the British were soon to declare the area a protectorate, Lüderitz advised the German chancellor Otto von Bismarck to claim it, which he did at the Berlin Conference of 1884. On 7 October the colony of German South West Africa was established under "Reichskommissar" governor Gustav Nachtigal.
However, the German authorities met with fierce resistance by the local Herero people. When in 1888 their officials were forcibly expelled from Okahandja, the German Colonial Society engaged "Hauptmann" Curt von François to provide security to the territory. In June 1889 he arrived with 21 troopers, 8 soldiers of the Imperial Army and 13 volunteers in the British-held enclave of Walvis Bay. Soon afterwards François stationed himself at Otjimbingwe (against the advice of acting commissioner Heinrich Göring) in order to deal with opponents to German authority in the interior of the territory. In May 1890 he renewed a former peace agreement with the Herero chief Maharero and eventually occupied the completely destroyed settlement of Windhoek (founded by Jonker Afrikaner decades earlier). Upon Maharero's death in October, his son Samuel Maharero had to reaffirm the treaty. At Windhoek, François set up the new headquarters of the German occupation (which he called "Alte Feste", Old Fortress). This location was chosen because the Germans felt it would serve as a buffer zone between the Nama and Herero tribes.
After Göring was recalled from office, François served as "Reichskommissar" of German South West Africa from March 1891 until November 1893. Within this time period (on 12 September 1892) he established the coastal town of Swakopmund as the main harbour of German South West Africa and mapped large parts of the colony. In November 1893 he was promoted to Major and given the title of "Landeshauptmann".
However, François at the same time had to cope with the rising resistance by the Nama people. On 12 April 1893 he led an attack of 225 German soldiers on Nama leader Hendrik Witbooi's headquarters at Hoornkrans west of Rehoboth. The shelling of the Oorlam kraal and its final storming led to tremendous civilian casualties. Rendered as the "Massacre of Hoornkrans" by the international press, it severely damaged François' reputation. Moreover, Witbooi escaped and fled into the Naukluft Mountains, where he waged several months of guerrilla warfare against the German forces.
François' force was formally established as the Imperial Schutztruppe for German South West Africa by the Reich Law of 9 June 1895.
Later years.
In 1894 François was replaced by Theodor Leutwein as "Landeshauptmann" of South West Africa. He embarked in Cape Town to Germany and during the following year he retired from military life. In retirement in Zernsdorf, Brandenburg, he wrote extensively about his experiences in Africa.
Private life.
Von François married Damara princess Amalia Gawaxas while in German South West Africa. They had a daughter, Josephine. His wife died soon thereafter, and he re-married in Germany. His second wife was Margarethe Meyer zu Bohmte from a wealthy family. They had four children, two of which died in their infancy.
Von François died in a Königs Wusterhausen hospital on 28 December 1931. He was interred in the Invalids' Cemetery in Berlin. The part of the cemetery where he was buried belonged to the forbidden area of the Eastern side of the Berlin Wall. This area was flattened, and of his grave only the location remained documented. From that information the grave was restored in 2018, and a tombstone was erected.
Recognition.
In front of Windhoek's municipal buildings there was a statue of von François. It was inaugurated on 18 October 1965 on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the second foundation of the town by him. The statue was controversial in Windhoek, and several calls for its removal had been made prior to being taken down on 23 November 2022.
The original "Schutztruppe" headquarters built at the behest of François in 1890 at Windhoek was expanded in 1912, and has been a museum since 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="6937820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937820" title="Diada">
Diada



</doc>
<doc id="6937824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937824" title="Guillermo roux">
Guillermo roux



</doc>
<doc id="6937825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937825" title="State Route 12 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 12 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937828" title="State Route 19 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 19 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937829" title="Irondequoit-Wayne County Expressway">
Irondequoit-Wayne County Expressway



</doc>
<doc id="6937832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937832" title="State Route 21 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 21 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937834" title="State Route 22 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 22 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937835" title="Clark Mills (boatbuilder)">
Clark Mills (boatbuilder)

Clark Wilbur Mills (1915, Michigan - December 11, 2001, Clearwater Florida) was an American designer and builder of boats.
He was best known as the designer of economical and practical boats such as the Optimist pram, Windmill, Com-Pac 16 and others. He began building boats before World War II and after the war opened the Mills Boat Works in Clearwater, Florida.
Mills was inducted into the National Sailing Hall of Fame in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="6937837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937837" title="State Route 24 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 24 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937839" title="Evasion (ethics)">
Evasion (ethics)

In ethics, evasion is an act of deception where a true statement is irrelevant or leads to a false conclusion. For instance, a man knows that a woman is in a room in the building because he heard her, but in answer to a question as to whether she is present, says "I have not seen her", thereby avoiding both lying and making a revelation.
Evasion is described as a way to fulfil an obligation to tell the truth while keeping secrets from those not entitled to know the truth. Evasions are closely related to equivocations and mental reservations; indeed, some statements fall under both descriptions.
Question dodging.
Question dodging is a rhetorical technique involving the intentional avoidance of answering a question. This may occur when the person questioned either does not know the answer and wants to avoid embarrassment, or when the person is being interrogated or questioned in debate, and wants to avoid giving a direct response. 
A famous example of question dodging in a UK context occurred in 1997 when Home Secretary Michael Howard was questioned by Jeremy Paxman on the BBC's Newsnight. While discussing a meeting Howard had with the head of the Prison Service, Derek Lewis, about the possible dismissal of the head of Parkhurst Prison; Paxman asked Howard "did you threaten to overrule him?". Howard dodged the question by saying that he did not overrule him. Paxman repeatedly asked the question "did you "threaten" to overrule him?" a total of 12 times during the interview with Howard evading each time.
Overt question dodging can sometimes be employed humorously, in order to sidestep giving a public answer in a political discussion: when a reporter asked Mayor Richard J. Daley why Hubert Humphrey had lost the state of Illinois in the 1968 presidential election, Daley replied "He lost it because he didn't get enough votes." 
Similarly when Larry King asked Putin what happened with Kursk submarine, Putin answered: 'She sank'. 
Often the aim of dodging a question is to make it seem as though the question was fulfilled, leaving the person who asked the question feeling satisfied with the answer, unaware that the question was not properly answered. A false accusation of question dodging can sometimes be made as a disingenuous tactic in debate, in the informal fallacy of the loaded question. A common way out of this argument is not to answer the question (e.g. with a simple 'yes' or 'no'), but to challenge the assumption behind the question. This can lead the person questioned to be accused of "dodging the question".
In the context of political discourse, evasion is a technique of equivocation that is important for face management.
Evasion techniques.
Peter Bull identified the following evasion techniques for answering questions:

</doc>
<doc id="6937840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937840" title="State Route 25 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 25 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937841" title="State Route 26 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 26 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937844" title="State Route 27 (Virginia 1918-1933)">
State Route 27 (Virginia 1918-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937852" title="State Route 31 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 31 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937853" title="State Route 32 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 32 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937854" title="Mara Yamauchi">
Mara Yamauchi

Mara Rosalind Yamauchi (born Mara Myers 13 August 1973) is a British long-distance track and road running athlete. She currently holds the fifth fastest time by a British woman over the marathon, behind former world-record holder, Paula Radcliffe.
Biography.
Early life.
Yamauchi was born in Oxford, Oxfordshire, England to Dorothy and Norman Myers, and lived with her family until she was eight years old in Nairobi, Kenya. She was named after the Mara River which runs through Kenya where her parents lived for 25 years in total. Yamauchi started running with Oxford club Headington RoadRunners while still at school, but took up running seriously when she was an undergraduate at university, competing mainly in cross-country races. After graduating at St Anne's College, Oxford (Politics, Philosophy &amp; Economics) she studied a one-year master's degree at the London School of Economics. During this time she joined Parkside AC (now Harrow AC) and was coached by Bob Parker, who coached David Bedford, former 10,000m world record-holder and current director of the Virgin London marathon. After finishing her studies, Yamauchi joined the British Foreign Ministry, the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO), in 1996. In 1997 she earned her first GB vest, finishing 38th in the European Cross Country championships. In 1998 she won the English National Cross Country championships.
From 1998 to 2002 she took a break from athletics, focusing on her work at the British Embassy in Tokyo, Japan. In 2002, she married Shigetoshi Yamauchi, a Japanese national. After returning to live in the UK in 2002, she started running seriously again, under the FCO's flexible working scheme which enabled her to job-share and then work part-time. She ran her first marathon in April 2004 at the London Marathon, placing 17th in 2:39:16. She also earned selection for GB again, running in the Chiba ekiden relay race in Japan in November 2004.
Marathon running.
In 2005, she ran her second marathon (2:31:52) at London, earning selection for the 2005 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki, Finland, where she finished 18th and won a team bronze medal. In November 2005 she ran another PB, this time in the Tokyo International Women's marathon (2:27:38). In December 2005 she was selected for GB's support scheme for elite athletes, the Lottery-funded UK Sport World Class Performance Programme. In January 2006 she took unpaid leave from the FCO to focus on preparing for the 2008 Beijing Olympic marathon, and moved to Tokyo, Japan with her husband.
Yamauchi won the bronze medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games 10,000m race and also ran this event at the European Championships of 2006.
In April 2006 she became the second fastest British woman ever behind former world record-holder Paula Radcliffe, finishing sixth in the London marathon (2:25:13). On 10 September 2006 Yamauchi won the Rotterdam Half Marathon finishing in 1:10:36 beating Gishu Mindaye who won the Rotterdam Marathon earlier that year and Japanese Aya Manome.
On 22 April 2007 Yamauchi was the leading Briton in the London Marathon, finishing sixth.
In April 2007 she joined Second Wind AC, a new club set up in Japan by Manabu Kawagoe, the former coach of the Shiseido Running Club. However, she left the club in January 2010. She finished ninth in the World Championship Marathon in Osaka.
She set a personal best in winning the 2008 Osaka Ladies Marathon in a time of 2:25:03 and then took third place in the Tokyo marathon.
Beijing Olympics and London Marathons.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Yamauchi equalled the best performance by a British woman in the marathon by finishing sixth in a time of 2 hrs 27 mins 29 secs.
In 2009, she came second in the London Marathon setting a personal best time of 2:23:12 after earlier setting a half marathon personal best when winning the Marugame Half Marathon (68 m 29 secs). She suffered a foot injury after this and was eventually forced to withdraw from the 2009 World Championships in Athletics in September, missing out on a medal chance in the marathon race. Having fully recovered, she scored a prominent win at the 2010 New York City Half Marathon, seeing off competition from Deena Kastor to cross the finish line in 1:09:25 – an 18-second improvement on the course record.
At the 2010 London Marathon she finished in tenth position with a time of 2:26:16, after an arduous six-day journey to London due to the problems with air transport in the wake of a volcanic eruption in Iceland. She decided to miss the 2010 European Athletics Championships to focus on getting a qualifying time for the 2012 London Olympics instead.
Injuries ruled her out of competition from the end of 2010 to September 2011. She made her return at the Grand 10 Berlin race in September and was unchallenged, winning in a course record time of 32:19 minutes. This served as preparation for November's Yokohama Women's Marathon, where she went on to take third place in a time of 2:27:24 hours, improving her chances of Olympic selection.
In late 2011, Yamauchi, along with Paula Radcliffe and Scott Overall were named as the first 3 athletes to be selected to represent Great Britain at the 2012 Olympics in London. Yamauchi was set to compete with Radcliffe in the Women's Marathon event.
However a foot injury forced Radcliffe to withdraw and Yamauchi failed to complete the race, dropping out after six miles with a bruised heel.
Yamauchi retired from competitive athletics in January 2013, aged 39, having been the British Marathon champion on four occasions.
Campaign work.
In January 2022, Yamauchi joined the Advisory Board of Sex Matters, a UK-based not-for-profit organisation that campaigns "to promote clarity about sex in law, policy and language in order to protect everybody's rights". In June 2022, Yamauchi contributed an opinion article for "The Guardian" newspaper arguing for the exclusion of trans women from women's sport, citing concerns over fairness. Yamauchi has also written pieces for "Athletics Weekly" on this topic.

</doc>
<doc id="6937858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937858" title="Robert Stetham">
Robert Stetham



</doc>
<doc id="6937859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937859" title="Military history of Europe">
Military history of Europe

The military history of Europe refers to the history of warfare on the European continent. From the beginning of the modern era to the second half of the 20th century, European militaries have possessed a significant technological advantage, allowing its states to pursue policies of expansionism and colonization until the Cold War period. European militaries in between the fifteenth century and the modern period were able to conquer or subjugate almost every other nation in the world. Since the end of the Cold War, the European security environment has been characterized by structural dominance of the United States through its NATO commitments to the defense of Europe, as European states have sought to reap the 'peace dividend' occasioned by the end of the Cold War and reduce defense expenditures. European militaries now mostly undertake power projection missions outside the European continent. Recent military conflicts involving European nations include the 2001 War in Afghanistan, the 2003 War in Iraq, the 2011 NATO Campaign in Libya, and various other engagements in the Balkan and on the African continent. After 2014, the Russian annexation of Crimea and the ongoing Russo-Ukrainian War prompted renewed scholarly interest into European military affairs. For further the context see History of Europe .
Characteristics of regions.
Due to the numerous countries that grew out of Medieval feudalism and de-centralization from the Western Roman Empire's fall, different nations have had a power struggle. The British Isles were more protected against land invasion from Continental Europe and as such have felt less damage from mainland Europe's struggles. In contrast, the area of Germany and its surrounding territories were at the center of many revolving conflicts. The area of Russia has been known as the 'sleeping giant' or 'great bear' due to it comparatively remaining passive militarily toward the rest of Europe prior to the 19th century and out of Western and Central Europe's affairs. The Roman Empire growing out of the Italian Peninsula has been called 'the first super power'. France having the natural barriers of the Rhine to the east, the Pyrenees to the south, and the English Channel to the north has tried to maintain these throughout its history with rivalry with Britain for centuries and then with Germany. Britain and France were the most successful in establishing a broad colonial empire spanning from Africa to Asia, with a majority of that success attributed to them being almost sealocked.
Ancient times.
The era was dominated by the Mediterranean nations, most notably Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome. Ancient Greece warred with its rival the Persian Empire which was the greatest danger to Europe in the Greco-Persian Wars. Ancient Rome continued the conflict with Persia in the Roman-Persian Wars. The North African city of Carthage fought three wars against Rome and lost allowing Rome to finally be master of the Mediterranean. Julius Caesar made the first Roman incursions into Britannia. Numerous civil wars plagued Ancient Rome for many centuries, but it was the eventual Barbarian incursion from Central and Eastern Europe which contributed the most to the fall of the Western Roman Empire. Great migrations from Asia, caused a ripple effect of Eastern Europeans migrating west from barbarians, most well known of these the Huns. The Western Roman Empire fell to these barbarians helped with the fact of economic inflation and internal strife. The Eastern Roman Empire still remained untouched until the late Middle Ages.
Medieval Period.
The early parts of the medieval period known as the Dark Ages saw the first conflicts with the Eastern Roman Empire which continued to fight the Persians in the Roman-Persian Wars and against the Muslim conquests shortly after. In the Medieval period, feudalism was firmly implanted, and there existed many landlords in Europe with armored cavalry being the dominant on the battlefield. Landlords often owned castles to protect their territory. The Ottoman Empire was formed with considerable projection into the Balkan region after finally defeating the Eastern Roman Capital of Constantinople. The Holy Roman Empire was formed by Charlemagne and campaigned against Denmark and the Muslims in Spain. The Crusades were a series of military campaigns waged in the name of Western Christianity, the aim was to recapture Jerusalem and the Holy Land from the Muslims including crusades in Northern Europe and against Russia. The Mongolian Empire stretched into Eastern Europe with many eastern European armies falling under the horde. The Russian region known as Kievan Rus' was dominated by the Mongols with centuries of warfare. Military action died down in the early to mid 14th century considering the black death was wreaking havoc through much of Europe. The medieval ages ended with the Western European conflict of the Hundred Years' War (1337 to 1453) that was primarily between England and France ending in French victory.
The Renaissance.
Gunpowder small-arms ended cavalry superiority. The Italian Wars dominated the early part of this period. It originally started as a dynastic dispute but eventually involved all the European powers as a struggle for power and territory. The Thirty Years' War from 1618 to 1648 dominated Central Europe from the participation of all the major European powers resulting in German areas' virtual economic disintegration.
Gunpowder age.
The Great Northern War (1700 to 1721) was fought between Russia, Denmark-Norway, Saxony-Poland and between Sweden and the Ottoman Empire ending in Russian victory with the end of the Swedish empire and the use of Sweden as a power satellite in the region. The Seven Years' War (1754 and 1756–1763) that enveloped both European and colonial theaters involved all the major European powers. France was at the center of attention with the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars starting from the French Revolution, the combined conflicts lasting from 1792 and ending in 1815 with the defeat of Napoleon at the Battle of Waterloo. The German states, headed by Prussia, taking a century of recovery from the devastation of the 30 Years' War, started a series of victorious wars first starting with the Danish-Prussian War (1864), Austro-Prussian War (1866), and ending in the Franco-Prussian War (1870–71) that resulted in the unification of Germany forming the German Empire.
World War I.
World War I was a global war fought chiefly in Europe from 1914 to 1918.
Interwar era.
After World War I, the major European experienced two decades of relative peace. The Russian Civil War lasted from 1917 to 1922, saw the intervention of various European powers, ending in victory for the Bolsheviks and the formation of the Soviet Union. Simultaneously, the emerging Soviet government conducted the Polish-Soviet War that lasted from 1919 to 1921 and an ongoing conflict with Finland. The Irish War of Independence was fought from 1919-1921, a guerrilla war against the United Kingdom. It was followed by the Irish Civil War, which erupted over a disagreement between Irish nationalist factions about the Anglo-Irish Treaty, establishing the Irish Free State as a dominion of the British Empire. 
The interwar era was characterized by a continuing disarmament and internationalist movement. Both sides of the imminent Second World War increased military production during the 1930s, but were limited by the Washington Naval Treaty. Unlike the punitive restrictions on land forces nominally imposed by the Treaty of Versailles, Nazi Germany notably complied with the naval restrictions. This resulted in crucial limitations in Germany's Kriegsmarine against the Royal Navy.
The interwar years in Europe were brought to a close by the Spanish Civil War of 1936 to 1939. This conflict was a prelude to the World War II, both in new technologies used (strategic and tactical aerial bombing, mechanized warfare, direct attacks on civilian populations, guerilla operations) and belligerents (Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany supporting the Nationalist side, Communist Russia and various European leftist groups supporting the Loyalist side).
World War II.
World War II was a global military conflict which involved a majority of the world's nations, including all of the great powers, organised into two opposing military alliances: the Allies led by the United States, the United Kingdom, and the Soviet Union, versus the Axis powers led by Nazi Germany and Japan. The war involved the mobilisation of over 100 million military personnel, making it the most widespread war in history. In a state of "total war", the major participants placed their complete economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities at the service of the war effort, erasing the distinction between civilian and military resources. Over 70 million died, the majority of them civilians, making it the deadliest conflict in human history.
The Cold War.
The Cold War was the state of conflict, tension and competition that existed between the United States and the Soviet Union and their respective allies from the mid-1940s to the early 1990s. Throughout this period, rivalry between the two superpowers was expressed through military coalitions, propaganda, espionage, weapons development, industrial advances, and competitive technological development, which included the space race. Both superpowers engaged in costly defence spending, a massive conventional and nuclear arms race, and numerous proxy wars.
Present.
After the Cold War ended, wars have only taken place in Europe during the breakup of Yugoslavia. These wars involved separatist states and the combat of terrorism in southern Yugoslavia. In 1991, separatist Croatia, Slovenia, and Macedonia split from the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. In 1992, they were followed by Bosnia-Herzegovina. In 2006, Montenegro and Serbia split resulting in the dissolution of the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro (former Federal Republic of Yugoslavia). The current conflict in the area of northern Macedonia and Serbian province Kosovo, where Albanian paramilitaries started guerilla war against the government forces. Kosovar Albanians want complete independence from Serbia. Serbia is only offering autonomy of its sovereign territory.
In comparison to the breakup of Yugoslavia, the breakup of the Soviet Union and the creation of the Commonwealth of Independent States was peaceful.
European armies still participate in wars outside the European continent, including conflicts involving NATO members. European soldiers currently are based in Africa, the Americas (Haiti) and Asia (Afghanistan, Iraq, Lebanon).
European military spending is roughly half that of the United States and about a quarter of the global total.

</doc>
<doc id="6937861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937861" title="Route 33 (Virginia pre-1933)">
Route 33 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937864" title="State Route 34 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 34 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937867" title="State Route 36 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 36 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937872" title="State Route 37 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 37 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937873" title="Anterior surface of pancreas">
Anterior surface of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6937876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937876" title="State Route 38 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 38 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937890" title="Annia Cornificia Faustina">
Annia Cornificia Faustina

Annia Cornificia Faustina (122/123between 152 and 158) was the youngest child and only daughter of the praetor Marcus Annius Verus and Domitia Lucilla. The parents of Cornificia came from wealthy senatorial families who were of consular rank. Her brother was the future Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius, and both were born and raised in Rome.
History.
Early life.
Ronald Syme has argued that the element "Cornificia" in her name betrays fantasy and a wish to trace the Anni back to a reputable family Lanuvium", hence why the family picked it instead of a more authentic nomen like Curtilia or Curvia which the family actually had ancestry from.
In 124, the father of Cornificia died and she and her brother were raised by their mother and their paternal grandfather, the Roman Senator Marcus Annius Verus, who died in 138. Relations between her and her brother appeared to be good. Before Cornificia had married, she had settled her paternal inheritance with her brother.
Marriage.
Syme identifies her husband as one of the suffect consuls in 146, recorded in the "Fasti Ostienses" as Gaius Annianus Verus, but whom he claims had the full name of Gaius Ummidius Quadratus Annianus Verus. He was descended from one of the leading aristocratic and politically influential families in Rome and was a direct descendant of the late Gaius Ummidius Durmius Quadratus, one time suffect consul.
Cornificia bore Annianus Verus two children:

</doc>
<doc id="6937891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937891" title="State Route 40 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 40 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937896" title="State Route 41 (Virginia 1923-1933)">
State Route 41 (Virginia 1923-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937898" title="Kasumi Gyoubu">
Kasumi Gyoubu



</doc>
<doc id="6937902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937902" title="State Route 44 (Virginia 1933-1952)">
State Route 44 (Virginia 1933-1952)



</doc>
<doc id="6937909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937909" title="State Route 47 (Virginia 1930-1933)">
State Route 47 (Virginia 1930-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937915" title="State Route 53 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 53 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937916" title="State Route 53 (Virginia 1933-1940)">
State Route 53 (Virginia 1933-1940)



</doc>
<doc id="6937917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937917" title="State Route 54 (Virginia 1928-1933)">
State Route 54 (Virginia 1928-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6937928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937928" title="Aggregate data">
Aggregate data

Aggregate data is high-level data which is acquired by combining individual-level data. For instance, the output of an industry is an aggregate of the firms' individual outputs within that industry. Aggregate data are applied in statistics, data warehouses, and in economics.
There is a distinction between aggregate data and individual data. Aggregate data refers to individual data that are averaged by geographic area, by year, by service agency, or by other means. Individual data are disaggregated individual results and are used to conduct analyses for estimation of subgroup differences.
Aggregate data are mainly used by researchers and analysts, policymakers, banks and administrators for multiple reasons. They are used to evaluate policies, recognise trends and patterns of processes, gain relevant insights, and assess current measures for strategic planning. Aggregate data collected from various sources are used in different areas of studies such as comparative political analysis and APD scientific analysis for further analyses. Aggregate data are also used for medical and educational purposes. Aggregate data is widely used, but it also has some limitations, including drawing inaccurate inferences and false conclusions which is also termed 'ecological fallacy'. 'Ecological fallacy' means that it is invalid for users to draw conclusions on the ecological relationships between two quantitative variables at the individual level.
Applications.
In statistics, aggregate data are data combined from several measurements. When data is aggregated, groups of observations are replaced with summary statistics based on those observations.
In a data warehouse, the use of aggregate data dramatically reduces the time to query large sets of data. Developers pre-summarise queries that are regularly used, such as Weekly Sales across several dimensions for example by item hierarchy or geographical hierarchy.
In economics, aggregate data or data aggregates are high-level data that are composed from a multitude or combination of other more individual data, such as:
Major users.
Researchers and analysts.
Researchers use aggregate data to understand the prevalent ethos, evaluate the essence of social realities and a social organisation, stipulate primary issues of concern in research, and supply projections in relation to the nature of social issues. Aggregate data are useful for researchers when they are interested in investigating on the relationships between two distinct variables at the aggregate level, and the connections between an aggregate variable and a characteristic at the individual level. Researchers have also made an effort to evaluate policies, practices and precepts of systems critically with the assistance of aggregate data, to investigate the corresponding relevance and efficacy.
Policymakers.
Aggregate data are used by governments to develop more effective policies because they serve as a measure of how capable a government is to be aware of the demands and needs of its citizens and a measure of the way a government maintains social order effectively. For example, governments around the world use of aggregate mobile location data for analysis in response to Covid-19. Aggregate mobile location data could provide insights about the effectiveness of social distancing measures launched by governments. Governments also use aggregate data to identify possible "hot spots" and the potential for transmission.
As well as projecting effectiveness of government policies, aggregate data analyses are also taken to evaluate the nature, assess the extent, recognise the trend and study the pattern of a specific phenomenon or process with the aim to devise strategies, prepare short- or long-term policies, and take efficacious and relevant procedures for control or prevention. Policymakers also utilise financial aggregates data in evaluating companies and households' economic and financial activities because these data help to identify risks associated with financial stability. Policymakers can employ aggregate data to better understand the developments of a country's economic and financial conditions.
Banks.
Banks collect aggregated data from a significant number of customers and then anonymise the data through eliminating personal information. The main reason for banks to use aggregate data is to estimate economic trends and gain insights on customer clusters. Banks are not permitted to share customers' personal data, but aggregate data can be shared with banks' business customers and can be accessed by other partners who also use the same platform to acquire information on aggregate data.
In Australia, the Commonwealth Bank provides its business clients anonymised data related to their customers which are derived from card transactions. The ANZ also provides its business customers with anonymised data which is gathered from millions of merchant terminal transactions and ANZ card transactions.
In the UK, the Integrated Urgent Care Aggregate Data Collection (IUC ADC) provides comprehensive information about IUC activity, its performance, as well as its service demand. Its data are sourced from the lead data providers responsible for offering integrated urgent care services in England. The National Health Service (NHS) under the Department of Health and Social Care (DHSC) in England stated that this collection of aggregate data is going to replace the NHS 111 minimum dataset. It will also be used as a formal source for IUC statistics, as well as to oversee the Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) of the IUC ADC.
Administrators.
National or regional level of available empirical data are used by administrators and intellectuals, as well as people who are concerned about a region or a society's welfare, as sources of reference. In particular, administrators utilise aggregate data for assessments in current political, religious, social, or other atmosphere of a nation to track the gaps in social responses relating to time and space, and to dictate priorities for action. These assessments help administrators in evaluating current measures that are useful in future strategic planning and provide indicators about effective corrective measures.
Sources and collection methods.
Aggregate data can be a composition of various types of writings and records, including biography, autobiography, descriptive accounts and correspondence. For example, a researcher collects, collates, or compiles aggregate data through utilising multiple mechanisms of social research, including inventory, interview, an opinionnaire, and a questionnaire or schedule. Official or non-official agencies also collect and compile aggregate data on an ongoing basis through utilising infrastructures available within a department at the field level.
Sources of aggregate data can also be regarded as tools for discovering data. In the US, some of the US data are presented in the form of tables. Examples of sources for these US aggregate data include the United States Census Bureau, Statistical Abstract of the United States, and Social Explorer. International Monetary Fund data, World DataBank, and Penn World Table are examples of transactional and international aggregate data sources.
Use of aggregate data.
Comparative political analysis.
Aggregate data is used in comparative political analysis because analysts do not only focus on individual's behaviour. They also focus on the behaviour of areal units, including electoral constituencies and nations. In political activity analyses, significant data such as those related to industrialisation, urbanization, as well as mass communication networks, are not expressed readily in individual levels. They are expressed in per capita terms in order to control for the variations in the areal units' population size. Aggregate data are widely available because demographic, socio-economic, and political data are collected and published by the nations. This facilitates researchers and analysts in carrying out longer trend studies and allows them to bring changes and developments in a deeper focus.
APD scientific meta-analyses.
Factors including the need for time, considerable resources and wide international cooperation, impeded the use of individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis, which led to most of the published meta-analyses relying upon aggregate patient data (APD). To acquire data in all trials on all patients, aggregate patient data are collected from completed studies being presented at professional meetings, published in the medical literature, or were directly supplied by individual investigators. The aggregated patient data are utilised by users including the Cochrane Collaboration, the United States Preventive Services Task Force, and multiple professional societies in providing support for clinical practice guidelines. Aggregate patient data are also used in time-to-event studies of meta-analyses as the results can inform investors about the worthiness to proceed to conducting more meta-analyses that are based on resource-intensive individual patient data.
Other uses.
Health care.
In a health information system, aggregate data is the integration of data concerning numerous patients. A particular patient cannot be traced based on aggregate data. These aggregated data are only counts, including Tuberculous, Malaria, or other diseases. Health facilities use this type of aggregated statistics to generate reports and indicators, and to undertake strategic planning in their health systems. Compared with aggregated data, patient data are individual data related to a single patient, including one's name, age, diagnosis and medical history. Patient-based data are mainly used to track the progress of a patient, such as how the patient responds to particular treatment, over time.
The COVID-19 Data Archive, also called the COVID-ARC, aggregates data from studies around the globe. Researchers are able to have access towards the discoveries of international colleagues and forges collaborations to facilitate processes involved in fighting against the disease. Specifically, using aggregated healthcare data allows health care providers to unbolt actionable clinical insights when for instance, thorough views of clinical data or continuous patient records become possible.
Education.
Aggregate data such as aggregate school-level demographic data and aggregate school-level achievement data are used in experimental analysis to assess the relationships between student achievement and school-level interventions. Aggregate data can also be used in non-experimental analysis such as regression discontinuity analysis and interrupted time-series analysis. Individual-level data are not required in these non-experimental analyses. For example, interrupted time-series analysis estimates the impact brought by a school-level program through comparing a school's achievement before and after the program is launched where individual-level data are not necessary.
Limitations.
During the process of averaging units within some cluster or within a country, information is lost which increases the probability of drawing inaccurate inferences. Information loss occurs because aggregation of data ignores individual variation as if it were only a type of statistical noise or measurement error. Inference also vary from one to another when either individual firm data or aggregated data is used for analysis. For instance, calculation of country averages does not account for firm-specific variables, such as firm size, firm age, or firm-ownership concentration, but calculation of individual averages does. Differences exist between results generated from aggregate data and individual data.
There is also a problem of 'ecological fallacy'. The concept was brought about by Robinson (1950). The meaning of the term is that the variability around the individual-level means is significantly different from the variability encompassing the aggregate means. With the aggregate concept, things other than the individual equivalents of aggregate data are expressed, which means that individual-level conclusions cannot be drawn. Although aggregate data has wider applicability than individual-level data, it is more challenging for researchers to tackle with analysis on subgroup results when aggregate data is used. Eventually, individual information may also be required. Growth modelling and longitudinal modelling based on aggregate data are also difficult because variables can vary over time.
Other types of aggregate data.
Financial aggregates data.
Financial aggregates data is a type of aggregate data about credit and the money supply in Australia, which is utilised by policymakers in evaluating both the households and the companies' economic and financial activities.
Credit aggregates.
Credit aggregates are measurements of the households and businesses' borrowings from financial intermediaries. The amount of funds borrowed by businesses for purposes including project investments, assets purchases, or cash flow managements are also measured using credit aggregates.
Monetary aggregates.
Monetary aggregates are measurements of the money or 'money-like' instruments of the banking system, which is owed to businesses and households. An example of a 'money-like' instrument is deposits in the bank account.
Census aggregate data.
In the UK, census aggregate data are data generated as outputs from the United Kingdom censuses. They provide information about the socio-economic and demographic characteristics of the country's population. They are a compilation of aggregated, or summarised, calculations of the number of individuals, household residents, or families in particular geographic areas with specific characteristics, or compounds of characteristics, taken from the subjects of people and places, populations, families, health, ethnicity and religion, housing and work.
Aggregate data are used as components of the UK censuses' outputs. They are obtained from analysis on the information given in the census returns. The census aggregate data are used to compare and describe population characteristics across various locations in the UK because they are able to provide comparable information at a range of geographical levels over the entire UK. Census aggregate data are also utilised in the academic sector for teaching and research purposes, as well as for site location and marketing in the private sector.

</doc>
<doc id="6937944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937944" title="Bulletproof Heart">
Bulletproof Heart

Bulletproof Heart is the ninth studio album by Jamaican singer and songwriter Grace Jones, released on October 31, 1989 by Capitol Records. The album, co-produced by Chris Stanley, would be Jones' last studio album for 19 years, until the release of "Hurricane" in 2008.
Background, production and release.
The album came after Jones' short break from recording music, during which she would again focus on acting, appearing in the all-star "Straight to Hell" and Mary Lambert's "Siesta". On "Bulletproof Heart" Jones would work with producer Chris Stanley, who at that time had become her first husband. Stanley co-produced the album with her, co-wrote the majority of songs and delivered guest vocals on "Don't Cry Freedom". Three tracks were produced/co-produced by Robert Clivillés and David Cole of C+C Music Factory, who would achieve a global success with the dance track "Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now)" in 1990, and Jonathan Elias. Musically, "Bulletproof Heart" continued the commercial pop sound of the previous record, "Inside Story", showcasing material heavily influenced by synthesizers, drums and electronic percussion. The CD version of the album included two additional songs, which were absent on the vinyl pressing. Although Jones has always stayed musically active, "Bulletproof Heart" would be her last studio album for almost two decades. None of her 1990s comeback attempts materialised and her next album, "Hurricane", was eventually released in 2008. A remastered, copy protected edition of the album was released in 2004 on EMI Records, and came with two more bonus tracks.
Singles.
Only two singles were released from "Bulletproof Heart". "Love on Top of Love" was chosen as the lead single and received numerous remixes. It met with limited success and only reached modest positions in Italy and the Netherlands. However, the 12" remix of the song, subtitled "Killer Kiss", was a significant club hit in the US.
Jones' cover of "Amado Mio", a song from the 1946 film "Gilda", was released as the final single in 1990. It also made little impact, still reaching the top 40 in Italy, but placing at the bottom of the German and UK charts.
Reception.
"Bulletproof Heart" met with unflattering reception in both critical and commercial performance. In his review music critic Robert Christgau wrote that the songs "proclaim her vulnerability and/or softness of orifice" and according to him the result is "incongruous". AllMusic gave the album two out of five stars. The commercial performance of the album was also poor: it peaked at number 55 in Germany, and number 108 in Australia, but failed to enter charts elsewhere, thus becoming the lowest-charting of all her studio albums and one of her least successful offerings. 
Track listing.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="6937945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937945" title="Heartattack">
Heartattack



</doc>
<doc id="6937946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937946" title="1989 World Sportscar Championship">
1989 World Sportscar Championship

The 1989 World Sportscar Championship season was the 37th season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing. It featured the 1989 FIA World Sports Prototype Championship, which was open to Group C1 Sports Prototypes, Group C2 Sports Prototypes and IMSA GTP cars. The championship was contested over an eight round series which ran from 9 April to 29 October 1989.
Results and standings.
Race results.
In order to be classified for points, a team had to complete 90% of the winner's distance. Further, drivers were required to complete at least 30% of their car's total race distance to qualify for championship points. Drivers forfeited points if they drove in more than one car during the race. Group C2 entries earned two extra points for any finish within the overall top ten finishing positions.
Drivers championships.
Drivers only scored for their six best results. Points earned but not tallied toward their total are marked in parentheses.
Teams championships.
Teams were only awarded points for their highest finishing entry.

</doc>
<doc id="6937953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937953" title="MIDI mockup">
MIDI mockup

A MIDI mockup is an extensive demo of a recording project built using virtual instrument software or hardware to stand in for acoustic instruments.
These extensive demos are frequently used in projects requiring large budgets to record, such as film scores. A MIDI mockup allows the director, or producer, to hear the compositions in a setting that approximates their final version, allowing them to approve or alter the project before the budget has been committed to record live musicians.
MIDI mockups first came into wide use in the 1980s, when synthesizer and sampler technology developed to the point where it could create approximate replicas of acoustic instruments.
With the development of faster computers, and better software environments for sampling and MIDI editing, most MIDI mockups today are done with software synthesizers. The replication of acoustic instruments has progressed steadily, to the point where MIDI mockups are occasionally utilized in the final score on films where time has run out, or due to budget constraints.

</doc>
<doc id="6937955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937955" title="Juve">
Juve

Juve may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6937962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937962" title="13 (Danny Phantom)">
13 (Danny Phantom)



</doc>
<doc id="6937981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937981" title="Life for the Taking">
Life for the Taking

Life for the Taking is the second studio album by American rock musician Eddie Money. It was recorded and released in late 1978 in the US and January 1979 in the UK on manager Bill Graham's Wolfgang imprint via Columbia Records. The album includes the singles "Can't Keep a Good Man Down", "Maybe I'm a Fool" and "Maureen". The album is also notable for containg the concert staple "Gimme Some Water", a song Money would perform right up until his death in 2019.
With Money seemingly endlessly on the road promoting his previous debut album, this effort was primarily written in hotel rooms with a variety of band members and worked up during sound checks prior to performances. The final track, "Call on Me" was often interjected into the set lists prior to the release of this album and received a strong response in spite of its more soulful, less frantic composure.
This album also marked a conscious effort to expand Money's audience with the inclusion of several more pop and dance oriented numbers. This direction would continue to be expanded upon with the subsequent release "Playing for Keeps". The album was met with less enthusiastic critical response than its predecessor with a number of the pundits citing a weakness of quality songwriting and the inconsistency of style as pitfalls.
Money resumed his frantic promotion and touring schedule upon the release of this album. The cover shot plays on a rendition of the artist mocking his debut album artwork but with an obvious worn and tired appearance.
As with the previous release, both singles were issued in promotion only edited versions, while the retail releases featured tracks from the album as B-sides. By now, Money was headlining mid-sized venues and a number of the dates featured the then up-and-coming Pat Benatar as support.
Personnel.
Musicians
Production

</doc>
<doc id="6937994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6937994" title="Neck of pancreas">
Neck of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6938004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938004" title="Huguenot Highway">
Huguenot Highway



</doc>
<doc id="6938014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938014" title="HMQS Paluma">
HMQS Paluma

HMQS "Paluma was a flat-iron gunboat operated by the Queensland Maritime Defence Force and later the Royal Australian Navy (as HMAS "Paluma). She entered service on 28 October 1884, was decommissioned in 1916 and then sold to the Victorian Ports and Harbours Department, who operated her under the name "Rip" until 1948 when she was retired. She was scrapped in 1950–51.
Construction.
Following the Jervois-Scratchley reports the colonial governments of Australia restructured their defence forces. One of the many outcomes of this report was the formation of the Queensland Maritime Defence Force. To equip the new force, the colonial government purchased two gunboats and a torpedo boat. "Paluma" was the second of the two gunboats purchased by the colony and was a sister ship of , which together formed the "Gayundah" class. This class was built to a type B1 flat-iron gunboat design from builders Sir W.G. Armstrong, Mitchell &amp; Co at Newcastle-on-Tyne. They were improved, slightly larger versions of which was also built in 1884 for the colony of Victoria.
The ship displaced 360 tons, and she was long, had a beam and a draught of . "Paluma" was propelled by horizontal direct action compound steam engines, which drove two screws that were capable of producing , with bunkerage for 75 tons of coal, which gave her a range of at a cruising speed of . She also had sails to back up her engines. As designed, her armament included a BL gun, although this was never fitted. Instead she was fitted with one BL gun, two 1.5-inch Nordenfelt guns and two machine guns. The 6-inch gun was removed in 1885 and remounted 10 years later, when two 5-inch guns were also added. In 1901, a 4.7-inch gun replaced the 6-inch. She had a crew of 55.
She was lent upon completion to the Royal Navy. Commissioned in the United Kingdom as HMS "Paluma" during October 1884, she arrived in Brisbane on 7 May 1885. Construction cost 35,000 pounds sterling. The ship's name was the Aboriginal word for "thunder".
Operational history.
Over the next eight years, "Paluma" conducted survey work on the Great Barrier Reef for the Admiralty. The 1893 Brisbane flood ripped "Paluma" from her moorings and left her well above the high water mark in the nearby botanical gardens. As locals considered how to return her to the Brisbane River, another major flood two weeks later refloated the gunboat, and she was pulled clear without any significant damage. The depression of the 1890s saw "Paluma" and her sister placed in reserve, being reactivated for annual training at Easter. In 1895, she was returned to the Queensland Government.
With the federation of the Australian colonies, "Paluma" joined the Commonwealth Naval Forces in 1901, and in 1911 was integrated into the newly formed Royal Australian Navy along with her sister ship. During World War I, "Paluma" was employed mainly around Sydney Harbour, before being sold in 1916 to the Victorian Ports and Harbours Department who renamed her "Rip". In Victoria, the ship served in Port Phillip as a tender. In 1948, she was retired, having been replaced the previous year by the converted corvette . "Paluma" was laid up at Footscray, Victoria, and was scrapped in 1950–51.

</doc>
<doc id="6938044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938044" title="Seattle skating club">
Seattle skating club



</doc>
<doc id="6938060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938060" title="Phyllanthus mirabilis">
Phyllanthus mirabilis

Phyllanthus mirabilis is a plant species of family Phyllanthaceae and is native to Thailand, Laos and Myanmar. It is one of the only four "Phyllanthus" to be caudiciform and one of the only two caudiciform "Phyllanthus" to be described, with the other being "Phyllanthus kaweesakii". The leaves fold together at night. Wild plants are found on limestone mountains and cliffs.

</doc>
<doc id="6938065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938065" title="California State Polytechnic University College of Business Administration">
California State Polytechnic University College of Business Administration



</doc>
<doc id="6938066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938066" title="Ponna (poet)">
Ponna (poet)

Ponna (c. 945) was a noted Kannada poet in the court of Rashtrakuta Emperor Krishna III (r. 939–968 CE). The emperor "Krishna III" honoured Ponna with the title - "Ubhaya "Kavichakravarthi" " (emperor among poets) because of his command over both Kannada and Sanskrit. and for their rich poetic imagery, devotion to Jain themes, and courtly refinement. Ponna is often considered one among the "three gems of Kannada literature" ("Ratnatraya"), "lit" meaning "Three gems"; Adikavi Pampa and Ranna being the other two) for ushering it in full panoply. According to the scholar R. Narasimhacharya, Ponna is known to have claimed superiority over all the poets of the time. According to scholars Nilakanta Shastri and E.P. Rice, Ponna belonged to Punganur, now in Andhra Pradesh, but later migrated to Manyakheta (in present-day Kalaburagi district, Karnataka), the Rashtrakuta capital. He is best remembered for his classic Jain puranas such as "Shantipurana" (shantinatha purana}, which narrates the life of Shantinatha, the 16th Tirthankara of Jainism, and Bhuvanaika-Ramabhyudaya, a eulogistic poem on his patron king.
Writings.
His most famous extant works in Kannada are "Shantipurana " (shantinatha purana), written in "champu" style (mixed prose-verse classical composition style inherited from Sanskrit), "Bhuvanaika-Ramabhyudaya", a eulogical writing, and "Jinaksharamale", a "Jain Purana" and an acrostic poem written in praise of noted Jain saints and Tirthankars ("Jainas") in 39 chapters ("kandas"). "Ramakatha", a writing based on the Hindu epic Ramayana, of which only a few stanzas are available is also attributed to Ponna. Historians Kamath and Shastri are not certain whether his extinct classic, "Gatapratiagata", is in Kannada or Sanskrit. However, according to the professor L.S. Sheshagiri Rao of the Sahitya Akademi, the writing is in Kannada and belongs to the genre of "literary exercise".
"Shantipurana" is an important Jain purana, and a eulogy of the 16th Jain Tirthankara, Shantinatha Swami. It was written to commemorate the attainment of "nirvana" ("salvation") of a Jain guru called Jainachandra Deva. The writing comprises twelve sections ("ashwasas") of which nine sections focus on Shantinatha's eleven previous births, and the remaining three sections give biographical details of the protagonist. In this writing, Ponna borrowed significantly from previous works of the Sanskrit poet Kalidasa though he does rise to great heights in his narration justifying his claim to scholarship ("Vidwat Kavi"). Ponna also seems to have used as a source, a narrative poem written by a Kannada poet called Asaga, whose works are now extinct. Ponna's claim that his work is superior to that of Asaga gives us information that the latter must have been considered an important poet of that era.
Scholars were divided about Ponna's protagonist in "Bhuvanaika-Ramabhyudaya". The scholar D.L. Narasimhachar had opined that Ponna had eulogised Shankaraganda, a vassal king under emperor Krishna III. This opinion was based on the fact that Shankaraganda held the honorific "Bhuvanaikarama". However, modern Kannada poet Govinda Pai argued in his 1936 article, "Ponnana Bhuvanaikaramanu yaru" ("Who was Ponna's Bhuvanaikarama"?), that king Shankaraganda being a Jain by faith could not have been the central figure in a secular writing and that emperor Krishna III also held the same title. Later, the scholar D.L. Narasimhachar confirmed the validity of Govinda Pai's findings.
Influence and style.
Ponna was one of the most-notable writers of the classical age of Kannada literature, a period usually categorised as starting from the middle of 10th century and lasting for about a hundred and fifty years thereafter. During this era, Ponna and two other poets, Adikavi Pampa and Ranna, produced works of lasting merit, writings that set a standard in poetic form and composition that would influence future poets for centuries. So adept were these poets that their style of "champu" brought together the best of the earlier masters of Sanskrit literature in various proportions, giving their narration an artificiality: poet Bana's prose, Kalidasa's graceful verses, Bhatta Narayana's dramaticism and Megaduta's lyrical flavour are seen used deftly giving naturalised and assimilated Sanskrit words in the Kannada language priority over native ("desi") expressions. Despite adherence to strict classical Sanskritic models ("margam"), the native composition styles of Kannada language, such as the "tripadi" (three-line verse), are found distributed in the narratives poems of these poets. Just as Ponna eulogised his patron emperor Krishna III as "Bhuvanaikarama", so did the other Jain poets of the classical age. Kannada writings by them used impressive Sanskrit-derived verses interspersed with prose to extol the virtues of their protagonists, who were often compared to heroes from the Hindu epics. While Adikavi Pampa ("Pampa Bharata", c. 941) compared his patron, the feudatory Chalukya king Arikesari, to Pandava prince Arjuna, in his version of the
Mahabharata, Ranna (c. 983) found it suitable to compare his patron, Chalukya King Satyashraya, to Pandava prince Bhima.

</doc>
<doc id="6938073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938073" title="Pinky and the brain">
Pinky and the brain



</doc>
<doc id="6938075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938075" title="Phyllanthodendron mirabilis">
Phyllanthodendron mirabilis



</doc>
<doc id="6938084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938084" title="Nanday parakeet">
Nanday parakeet

The nanday parakeet (Aratinga nenday), also known as the black-hooded parakeet or nanday conure, is a medium-small, mostly green, Neotropical parrot native to continental South America.
Taxonomy.
The nanday parakeet was previously regarded as a member of the monotypic genus "Nandayus" one of the rough 16 genera of Neotropical parrots of tribe Arini which includes the conures and macaws. However, phylogenetic evidence showed that it is positioned in one of the four groups in the genus "Aratinga". When the genus "Aratinga" was revised and split in four separate genera, this species was included in the current genus "Aratinga". This revision was based on earlier studies. According to a mtDNA-based phylogenetic analysis of the genus "Aratinga" by Ribas &amp; Miyaki (2004), the nanday conure forms a monophyletic group with the sun conure ("A. solstitialis"), jenday conure ("A. jandaya"), and golden-capped conure ("A. auricapilla"). Tavares "et al." (2005) in a mitochondrial and nuclear DNA analysis of 29 species representing 25 of 30 genera of Neotropical parrots found the nanday conure's closest relative to be "Aratinga solstitialis", the sun conure, and the time of divergence of the species to have been 0.5 to 1.3 Mya.
Hybrids of the nanday and sun conures, nanday and jenday conures, and nanday and blue-crowned conures are known.
A prehistoric relative, "Aratinga vorohuensis", was described from Late Pliocene fossils found in Argentina.
Description.
The nanday parakeet is long, weighs , and is mostly green in color. Its most distinguishing characteristic, for which it is named, is its black facial mask and beak. It also shows black, trailing flight feathers on its wings and has a long tail edged at the end in blue. The upper chest is bluish-green and the lower chest is a paler green. Feathers covering the thighs are red.
Distribution.
The species is native to South America from southeast Bolivia to southwest Brazil, central Paraguay, and northern Argentina, from the region known as the Pantanal. Caged birds have been released in some areas, and the birds have established self-sustaining populations in Israel, Tenerife, Los Angeles, California, San Antonio, Texas, and several areas of Florida (including Pasco, Sarasota, Pinellas, Manatee, Broward, Palm Beach and Miami-Dade Counties) in the United States.
Behavior.
Food and feeding.
The bird feeds on seeds, fruit, palm nuts, berries, flowers, and buds. Feral birds also come to bird feeders. Wild birds primarily use scrub forest and forest clearings around settlements. They frequent open savannah, pastures, and stockyards in South America, where they are considered as pests in some areas.
Breeding.
Nanday parakeets usually find holes in trees to nest. Females lay three or four eggs. After raising their young, all birds form rather large communal roosts until the next breeding season.
Aviculture.
The Nanday parakeet is sometimes kept as a companion parrot. It is a loud, energetic bird that requires much mental and social stimulation, and significant time outside of its cage in order to thrive. It may not be a suitable pet for small children due to its powerful beak. When kept in captivity, it may learn to talk and is also capable of learning tricks. The World Parrot Trust recommends that the Nanday parakeet be kept in an aviary of 2–3 metres in length. The longest verified lifespan for this species is 18.7 years - however, there are also reports of Nanday parakeets living for 30 years in captivity.

</doc>
<doc id="6938089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938089" title="Botswana FA Challenge Cup">
Botswana FA Challenge Cup

The FA Challenge Cup, currently known as the Orange FA Cup or Orange Cup for sponsorship reasons, is the premier club football tournament in Botswana. Started in 1968 and first played as the Lions Cup, the tournament is based on the idea of giving lower league and amateur teams a chance to compete with top flight teams. It is based on the English FA Cup, which has become known for "giant killings" (lower league teams defeating top flight.
History.
The tournament was started in 1968 as the Lions Cup. This name stayed in place until 1992 when the tournament was sponsored by Coca-Cola and was known as the Coca-Cola Cup.
The tournament was known as the Coca-Cola Cup until the sponsorship deal expired in 2012. However, it was not played for six years due to lack of sponsors. In 2018 it was sponsored by Orange and was renamed the Orange FA Cup or Orange Cup.
Sponsorship.
The tournament was first sponsored in 1992. Below is a list of all the sponsors to date:
Format.
Initially the tournament was played by a total of 64 teams. The tournament began with the qualifying rounds featuring Botswana Division One teams. Only 32 Division One teams progressed and faced off in the extra preliminary round, with the winners playing against the top 16 Botswana First Division teams in the preliminary round. Botswana Premier League teams entered directly in the first round (the round of 32) to face the winners of the preliminary round.
On 3 December 2018 it was announced that the tournament would now be played by 48 teams.
The premier league sides automatically qualify for the round of 32 whereas the top eight finishers from either First Division league face off with 16 Division One teams from regional playoffs. From the round of 32 onwards teams are not seeded. Games which end in a draw after 90 minutes plus added time are subject to extra time and penalties if necessary. The winner walks away with P700 000 ($70 000) and also qualifies to play in the CAF Confederation Cup, the African equivalent of the UEFA Europa League.

</doc>
<doc id="6938111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938111" title="Damien Byrne">
Damien Byrne

Damien Byrne (born 6 April 1954) is an Irish former professional footballer. In a career spanning 20 seasons, Byrne won player of the year awards in both Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, the only man to do so. He started his career as a forward but midway through his career switched to centre back.
His son Phil Byrne currently plays for Carrick Rangers in the IFA Premiership.
Career.
Byrne played schoolboy football for Home Farm and made his League of Ireland debut on 12 October 1973 for that club against St Patrick's Athletic. He stayed only one season with Home Farm and in the summer of 1974 he signed for Dundalk, however by the end of November he had moved on to their County Louth rivals Drogheda United. During his time at Drogheda Byrne would win League of Ireland representative honours. The closest he came to winning a trophy was playing on the FAI Cup final losing Drogheda side of 1976. When he left Drogheda in 1983 he was their all-time leading goal scorer with 47.
Byrne signed for Belfast club Crusaders in 1983. He spent two years at Seaview and won their Player of the Year award in his second season. He then joined Ards F.C. of Newtownards. Such were his performances in his second season with the North Down club, and following a notable 3rd-place finish in the league, Byrne was voted the Irish League Player of the Year in 1986/87.
Byrne joined Shamrock Rovers in the summer of 1987 but despite making one appearance in the European Cup in October of that year was persuaded by Brian Kerr to join his new look St Patrick's Athletic side. Kerr had signed several young players and felt he needed an experienced defender to lead the team. St Pats needed to beat Dundalk in the last game of the season to win the league but drew and had to be content with runners up medals. In 1990 Byrne went one better as he became the first St Patrick's Athletic captain in 34 years to lift the League of Ireland trophy. He was voted the Personality of the Year by the Soccer Writer of Ireland to complete his north–south double. Byrne missed the majority of the following season as a knee injury threatened his career. He came back in 1991/92 but mainly played back up as St Pats young defenders took over. He retired from playing in 1993 to take as assistant manager role at Bohemians. He stayed with Bohs less than a season and began managing local junior side Lusk United.

</doc>
<doc id="6938116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938116" title="Spill (band)">
Spill (band)



</doc>
<doc id="6938121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938121" title="Macro economics">
Macro economics



</doc>
<doc id="6938124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938124" title="Gastón Fernández">
Gastón Fernández

Gastón Nicolás Fernández (born 12 October 1983) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played as a forward. He spent most of his senior club career in Argentine Primera División side Estudiantes.
Club career.
Nicknamed "La Gata" ("The Cat"), Fernández began his professional career with River Plate. After a stint with Racing and another season back with River, in 2006 he was loaned to Monterrey. When the contract was finished, Monterrey declined to pay the nearly two million dollars to permanently buy Gastón, thus prompting him to return to River Plate in December 2006.
However, Daniel Passarella, then River's head coach, believed that the team had enough strikers. Fernández was therefore sold to San Lorenzo de Almagro. In San Lorenzo "La Gata" revindictated his career. He was the leading scorer of the team that won the 2007 Clausura championship. He then spent one year in Mexico with Tigres de la UANL.
In 2008, Fernández returned to Argentina to play for Estudiantes de La Plata, where he finished as runner up with the team in the 2008 Copa Sudamericana. He was then a first team regular in the team that won the 2009 Copa Libertadores, where he scored the equalising goal in the second leg of the final against Cruzeiro. Subsequently, he went back to Tigres, where he helped win the 2009 SuperLiga title against Chicago Fire. In January 2010, Tigres released the Argentine winger upon his request, and Fernández returned to Estudiantes. Upon his return, Fernández helped lead Estudiantes to the 2010 Apertura tournament title.
On January 15, 2014, Fernández signed with Major League Soccer club Portland Timbers. On March 8, 2014, "La Gata" scored an equalizer goal in the 93' of his MLS debut to extend the Timbers' home unbeaten streak to sixteen. He added a second goal the following game on March 16, 2014, against the Chicago Fire to force another draw.
On August 3, 2015, MLS announced that Fernández and the Timbers had mutually agreed to part ways.
International career.
Gastón Fernández has played for several of Argentina's youth teams.

</doc>
<doc id="6938125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938125" title="Macro-economic theory">
Macro-economic theory



</doc>
<doc id="6938141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938141" title="Damian Byrne">
Damian Byrne



</doc>
<doc id="6938156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938156" title="Inside Hoops">
Inside Hoops

InsideHoops.com, or Inside Hoops, is a basketball news website that was founded in 1999 by Jeff Lenchiner. The site, which updates several times a day, primarily delivers NBA basketball coverage. The site also features basic daily college basketball coverage, WNBA news roundups, and coverage of top high school and street basketball events in the United States, as well as minor league and international hoops. 
Staff.
A professional media outlet with press credential access to every level of basketball, Inside Hoops' staff is small and only consists of respected professional sports journalists. Editorial contributors to the website number in the hundreds. Former writers for InsideHoops.com went on to have jobs at New York Newsday, SportsTicker, Deadspin, CSTV, ESPN radio and other well-known outlets. Other writers went on to contribute to the New York Daily News, Slam Magazine and the Orlando Sentinel. 
Interviews.
InsideHoops.com has over the years published interviews with several NBA stars, including LeBron James, Tim Duncan, Steve Nash, Vince Carter, Jason Kidd, Paul Pierce, Chris Paul, Dwight Howard, Kevin Garnett, Yao Ming, Chris Webber, Elton Brand, Tracy McGrady, Shawn Marion, Ron Artest, Jermaine O'Neal, Pat Riley, and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
Many players recorded audio welcomes for the website, which were found on the lower right corner of the front page. NBA Commissioner David Stern even recorded a greeting, welcoming readers to Inside Hoops.
Media coverage.
InsideHoops.com was called "a haven for pro basketball junkies" by Sports Illustrated in their December 25, 2000 issue. The InsideHoops.com NBA "Rumors" page was praised by Yahoo Internet Life back in 2001. Newsweek magazine recommended InsideHoops.com in March 2005, citing its "clever analysis." In April 2005, it was listed on Forbes weekly "Best of the Web".
InsideHoops.com and the NBA basketball analysis of Jeff Lenchiner have been quoted as a source by leading sports journalists and major newspapers, magazines and radio shows. The website has been referenced in basketball articles by the New York Times, New York Post, Boston Globe, Philadelphia Daily News, Seattle Post-Intelligencer, Chicago Tribune, Chicago Sun-Times, Los Angeles Times, Associated Press, SportsTicker, NBA.com, CNNSI.com, ESPN Insider, Kansas City Star, Indianapolis Star, Boston Globe, Philadelphia Daily News, Jerusalem Post and dozens of other major newspapers and magazines.
Internet forum.
The Inside Hoops message boards have over 100,000 members and features an NBA forum with thousands of posts a day . They have personal forums for all NBA teams, as well as forums for college basketball, high school basketball, the NBA draft, streetball, international basketball, video games, the NFL and sneakers.

</doc>
<doc id="6938185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938185" title="Bunky">
Bunky

Bunky may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6938191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938191" title="No Control (Eddie Money album)">
No Control (Eddie Money album)

No Control is the fourth studio album by American rock musician Eddie Money. The album was released on June 11, 1982, by Wolfgang Records and Columbia Records. It was Platinum-certified in 1987, and contains the hits "Think I'm In Love" and "Shakin'." It also features the song "Passing By the Graveyard (Song for John B.)", a tribute to actor and comedian John Belushi.
Personnel.
Musicians
Backing vocals

</doc>
<doc id="6938192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938192" title="Acer carpinifolium">
Acer carpinifolium

Acer carpinifolium (hornbeam maple; Japanese: チドリノキ "Chidorinoki" "zigzag tree") is a species of maple native to Japan, on the islands of Honshū, Kyūshū, and Shikoku, where it grows in woodlands and alongside streams in mountainous areas.
It is a small deciduous tree growing to 10–15 m tall, with smooth, dark greenish-grey to grey-brown bark. The leaves are 7–15 cm long and 3–6 cm broad, simple, unlobed, and pinnately veined with 18–24 pairs of veins and a serrated margin. They resemble leaves of hornbeams more than they do other maples, except for being arranged in opposite pairs, and in the very small basal pair of veins being palmately arranged as in other maples. The flowers are 1 cm diameter, greenish yellow, produced in pendulous racemes 5–12 cm long in spring as the new leaves open; they are dioecious, with male and female flowers on separate trees. The fruit is a samara of two seeds each with a 2–3 cm long wing.
It is occasionally cultivated as an ornamental plant in temperate regions, mainly as a botanical curiosity to demonstrate the wide range of leaf morphology in the genus "Acer", but also for its bright yellow autumn colour. Both the scientific and common names derive from the superficial resemblance of its leaves to those of the genus "Carpinus" (hornbeams).

</doc>
<doc id="6938200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938200" title="Hornbeam maple">
Hornbeam maple



</doc>
<doc id="6938207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938207" title="Where's the Party?">
Where's the Party?

Where's the Party? is the fifth studio album by American rock musician Eddie Money. The album was released in October 1983, by Wolfgang Records and Columbia Records.
Money described the album as more upbeat and positive than his previous album "No Control", saying, "We're ready to rock... We're all in a party mood, and the album reflects that."
The album peaked at #67 on the "Billboard" 200 album chart, making it Money's lowest-charting album up to that time. Critic Lennox Samuels of Independent Press Service wrote in his review, "The party's not on this record, anyway. Side 1 is an undistinguished assortment of mid- to uptempo rock tunes." Samuels did praise the track "The Big Crash", which he described as "a bouncy dance tune with an effective interplay between John Nelson's lead guitar and Duane Hitchings' synthesizer," and noted that "Leave It to Me" appeared to show Money "venturing into new music", with a sound close to that of many popular synth-bands of the time.
In a 1986 interview promoting his following album, "Can't Hold Back", Money stated that "Where's the Party?" "sold about 280,000 units. For the money I spent on it, it wasn't enough."
"Where's the Party?" was Eddie's last album to carry the Wolfgang Records logo.

</doc>
<doc id="6938220" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938220" title="Monterey Secondary College">
Monterey Secondary College

Monterey Secondary College is an Australian public, co-educational, secondary school, located in the City of Frankston suburb of Frankston North in Melbourne, Victoria.
Established in 1994, following the merger of Monterey High School and Monterey Technical School, the College has an enrolment of approximately 325 students and is known for its arts, sports and student leadership programs.
Campus.
The campus of the College is located in a green belt area near to the northern boundary of the suburb of Frankston and on the southern boundary of the suburb of Frankston North. It is bordered to the south-east by the Peninsula Kingswood Country Golf Club, west by the Long Island Country Golf Club, and north-west by the Eric Bell Sports Reserve. The main entrance to the campus is to the north on Silvertop Street in Frankston North.
In addition to its four main classroom wings, the campus also has centres for dance and drama, music, and science, as well as a large multi-purpose gymnasium. Its grounds are approximately and encompass a number of sports pitches as well as a hobby farm.
History.
Former schools.
Of the two antecedent schools that merged to establish the College, Monterey High School was established in 1966 and Monterey Technical School in 1967. The schools served a growing demand for secondary education in the suburbs of Frankston North, Carrum Downs and Seaford. During this time, an Australian Defence Force/Victorian Government housing estate was being expanded in Frankston North, a post-World War II Brotherhood of St Laurence farming settlement was being redeveloped in Carrum Downs, and new home construction was progressing in the suburb of Seaford.
In its foundation year, 1966, the original students of Monterey High School were housed in four portable classroom buildings located at the Monterey State School in Monterey Boulevard. The campus of the High School on Forest Drive was completed in late-1966, with its students moving in at the commencement of 1967. The Technical School operated out of portable buildings at the High School for a year while its own campus was being completed on Silvertop Street. The buildings at each school were constructed of mixed brick and breeze block and were connected via covered and uncovered pathways. Multi-purpose gymnasiums were constructed at each campus and basketball and tennis courts and football and soccer fields were laid on their respective grounds. A music centre was also constructed on the campus of the Technical School and continues to be used by the College today.
Merger.
By the early-1990s, attendance at technical schools in the state of Victoria had declined dramatically as students began to strive for academic achievement rather than for learning a trade. Due to this decline, and to reduce administrative costs, the Department of Education decided to merge the High School and Technical School.
Following a series of consultative parent-teacher meetings, the process of merging the schools was announced to take place between 1993 and 1995. College records state that the main concern voiced by both parents and teachers was that the merger may "incite violence" between the traditionally competitive High School and Technical School students. Some "tension" was reported between students during the merger years of the College, however, a reputation for "unruliness" was short-lived.
The new name of "Monterey Secondary College" was adopted in 1993 and was officially used from 1994. The former Technical School became the main campus (years 7–10) of the College in 1994, while the former High School was retained as a campus for senior students (years 11–12) completing the Victorian Certificate of Education during the merger years. The latter was eventually closed at the end of 1995 and has since been redeveloped into the Monterey Community Park—with a cycling and walking trail, playground, skate park and sports pitches now in place.
Recent history.
In 1997, a petition was presented to the Legislative Assembly of Victoria signed by 1,879 residents of Carrum Downs which sought action for the "construction of suitable facilities in Carrum Downs with the view of relocating Monterey Secondary College from its present location in Frankston North". The petition was unsuccessful. During the 2000s, the public Carrum Downs Secondary College and a campus of the independent Flinders Christian Community College were eventually established in Carrum Downs to ease enrolments at Monterey Secondary College.
In the 1990s, a new multi-purpose gymnasium was constructed with the former gymnasium then redeveloped into a dance and drama centre. Its existing art studios, science labs, technology workshops and theatrette rooms were also upgraded and a hobby farm was added to the grounds. In the 2000s, eight new computer labs were added and its canteen was upgraded. During these decades, the College established its reputation for innovation and success in performing and visual arts. 
In the 2010s, a new A$2 million science centre was constructed and all its existing classroom wings were modernised in a A$4 million refurbishment. In 2020, it established the Silvertop Sports Science Academy for elite sports training.
Arts.
Monterey Art Exhibition.
The Monterey Art Exhibition is the College's annual student art exhibition, which is held at the Frankston Arts Centre. A notable artist is invited to open the exhibition each year—such as Robyn Bounds and Jeff Hook among others. Since 2015, the winning artwork of the exhibition has been selected for the permanent collection of law firm Gilbert + Tobin and displayed in their Melbourne offices.
Bands and ensembles.
The College has a number of school bands, including junior and senior school bands and a jazz band, as well as other smaller instrumental ensembles. Its jazz band is considered to be one of the finest in the state of Victoria and receives regular invitations for public performances—such as Federation Square in 2004.
Rock Eisteddfod Challenge.
The College first entered in the Rock Eisteddfod Challenge in 1994 with an original production based on the history of the car. It won the 1996 Victorian Premier Division competition with a production based on the Batman comic book and media franchise. Controversy ensued in 1996 when Nine Network broadcast the production of St. Columba's College, based on the 1990s television series "The X-Files", instead of the winning production of Monterey Secondary College. It won the 2000 Victorian Premier Division competition with an original production based on the life of the Siberian Ice Maiden. It also produced productions based on the 1960s television series "The Thunderbirds" and the rise of the Roman Empire before the cancellation of the Challenge in 2010.
Sports.
The College has four sports houses that compete in annual whole-College athletics, swimming and cross country sports carnivals as well as other smaller inter-house competitions. Its houses are named after successful College sporting alumni and are: "Bryant" (after badminton player Lisa Campbell (née Bryant); house colour: yellow), "Burke" (after football player Nathan Burke; house colour: green), "Foster" (after triathlete Stephen Foster; house colour: red), and "King" (after cyclist Simon King; house colour: blue). As part of its sports leadership program, each house is led and managed by students.
Special programs.
The Silvertop Sport Science Academy is the College's elite sports training program. The Academy develops the sporting ability and health sciences knowledge of students through its access to elite-level coaches, sportspeople and facilities. Its Sports and Industry Connect program also lets students utilise partner organisations as vehicles for instruction that include: the Australian Football League, Football Federation Victoria and the National Rugby League.
Leadership.
The College has a strong student leadership system that has a number of internal and external programs. College captains, junior and senior school prefects, performing arts and sports leadership and its students' representative council are internal programs focused on leadership of the College community and student life. Its external programs include the Advance Youth Development and High Resolves Global Citizenship and Leadership programs which are focused on leadership at a state, national and international level. As a Beacon Model school, it also provides leadership opportunities to students who choose to undertake the Victorian Certificate of Applied Learning through partner organisations that include: Chisholm Institute and CIMIC Group.
International exchange.
The College established its first international exchange relationship in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="6938227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938227" title="Antidesma platyphyllum">
Antidesma platyphyllum

Antidesma platyphyllum is a species of flowering tree in the leafflower family, Phyllanthaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii. Common names include hame, haā, mehame, hamehame, mēhamehame, and haāmaile. It inhabits coastal mesic forests, mixed mesic forests, wet forests, and bogs at elevations of on all main islands.

</doc>
<doc id="6938231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938231" title="Can't Hold Back (Eddie Money album)">
Can't Hold Back (Eddie Money album)

Can't Hold Back is the sixth studio album by American rock musician Eddie Money. The album was released on August 8, 1986, by Columbia Records. It contains one of Money's biggest hits, "Take Me Home Tonight" which helped bring both himself and Ronnie Spector back to the spotlight. The album was certified platinum by the RIAA in August 1987.
"I Wanna Go Back" is a Billy Satellite cover and first appeared on the band's eponymous 1984 debut album. The song "Stranger in a Strange Land", written by Money with Henry Small and Tom Whitlock, was covered by John Entwistle. The song was featured on Entwistle's solo album, "The Rock", on which Small sang lead vocals.
Reception.
Mike DeGagne of AllMusic said that "Money have a perfect balance of catchy, hook-induced music and well-written lyrics, he also sports more confidence and energy throughout Can't Hold Back's material than ever before. Although tailored for radio, the songs aren't hindered by what could have been a mediocre, humdrum rock formula. Instead, Money infuses enough of his slightly sexy vocal character into the cuts to give them the added sparkle and crispness needed to rise above his past endeavors."
Billboard described the album as a "gutsy rock 'n' roll"
Cashbox magazine described the album as "Passionate and powerful pop/rock"

</doc>
<doc id="6938237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938237" title="Ha'a">
Ha'a



</doc>
<doc id="6938242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938242" title="Kiss, Kiss, Kiss">
Kiss, Kiss, Kiss



</doc>
<doc id="6938246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938246" title="Broad-leaf China laurel">
Broad-leaf China laurel



</doc>
<doc id="6938249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938249" title="Carlos González (footballer, born 1973)">
Carlos González (footballer, born 1973)

Carlos Eduardo González Ambríz (born 5 November 1973) is a Mexican former footballer who played in the Mexican top flight.
Career.
He had his best years playing for Necaxa, where he played the final match of the 2002 season against Club América. He also played for Tampico Madero, his hometown team, Querétaro and Monterrey.
Early in his career, he played for the Mexican youth team alongside players such as Oswaldo Sánchez and Duilio Davino.

</doc>
<doc id="6938253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938253" title="Superior margin of pancreas">
Superior margin of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6938259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938259" title="Anterior margin of pancreas">
Anterior margin of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6938261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938261" title="Nothing to Lose (Eddie Money album)">
Nothing to Lose (Eddie Money album)

Nothing to Lose is the seventh studio album by American rock musician Eddie Money. The album was released on October 4, 1988, by Columbia Records. The top-ten hit "Walk on Water" featured a guest appearance from original band member Jimmy Lyon on lead guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="6938264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938264" title="QTSS Publisher">
QTSS Publisher



</doc>
<doc id="6938265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938265" title="Inferior margin of pancreas">
Inferior margin of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6938278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938278" title="Gaborone United S.C.">
Gaborone United S.C.

Gaborone United Sporting Club (GU) is a football club from Botswana based in Gaborone. Its official sponsor is Bank Gaborone, who signed a three-year deal at the beginning of the 2022–23 season. Gaborone United play their home games at Gaborone United Stadium.
Honours.
Other Tournaments.
Other trophies won by Gaborone United are:

</doc>
<doc id="6938279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938279" title="Australian Marine Conservation Society">
Australian Marine Conservation Society

The Australian Marine Conservation Society (AMCS) is an Australian environmental not-for-profit organisation. It was founded in 1965 as the Queensland Littoral Society before changing its name to the Australian Littoral Society and then finally in 1995 to its current title. It works on protecting the health and vitality of Australia's coasts and oceans.
The Australian Marine Conservation Society is Australia's only national charity dedicated exclusively to protecting ocean wildlife and their homes.
The Australian Marine Conservation Society is an independent charity.
The Patron of the Australian Marine Conservation Society is author Tim Winton.
Campaigns.
The key focus of AMCS is to create large marine national parks (marine sanctuaries), sustainable fisheries and protect and recover threatened ocean wildlife, such as sharks, seals and whales. AMCS also works to protect Australia's coasts from inappropriate development, including along the Great Barrier Reef.
Fight For Our Reef.
AMCS has worked to protect the Great Barrier Reef for many years from threats such as industrialisation, port development, coral mining and dumping. Today, AMCS focuses on saving the Great Barrier Reef from climate change after two mass coral bleaching events affected half of all shallow water corals in 2016 and 2017. The AMPTO and tourism operators in North Queensland work with AMCS to represent the voices of tourism employees and their reliance on a healthy Great Barrier Reef for employment.
AMCS also works to improve the laws and regulations around water quality and water pollution in Queensland. Chemicals, sediment and fertilisers wash away into Great Barrier Reef waters and this has detrimental effects on corals and sea grass beds. In 2019, AMCS worked on tightening water pollution regulations in Queensland and new laws came into effect in December, 2019.
Whaling.
Ending whaling has been a key focus for the AMCS since the 1970s. AMCS worked on a global campaign in the 1980s that led to the world's first global ban on commercial whaling. In 1982 the International Whaling Commission (IWC) put a hold on commercial whaling of all whale species and populations. This moratorium came into effect in 1985 and is a ban that remains in place today.
Representatives from AMCS attend the IWC every two years and work with other NGOs such as International Fund for Animal Welfare and Humane Society International for anti-whaling, pro-conservation outcomes.
Despite a global ban on commercial whaling, Japan found a loophole and continued to hunt whales under the guise of "scientific purposes" in the Southern Ocean. Pressure from AMCS's advocacy work led to Australia taking Japan to court in 2013 over Japan's governments claims that its Antarctic whaling program was for "scientific purposes". The International Court of Justice issued a binding ruling in March 2014 that Japan's Antarctic whaling program broke international law and had to immediately stop. Japan did not hunt whales for a year after this ruling.
Key Achievements.
Prevented mining on the Great Barrier Reef.
Known then as the Queensland Littoral Society, the AMCS contested and defeated a proposal to mine limestone on Australia’s Great Barrier Reef in the 1960s. The organisation then went on to lead the public campaign to protect the Reef from mining and oil exploration.
Notable Staff.
Tooni Mahto.
Tooni Mahto is a marine biologist who worked at the BBC prior to moving to Australia.
Imogen Zethoven AO.
Imogen Zethoven was made an Officer of the Order of Australia for service to conservation and the environment.
Felicity "Flic" Wishart.
Felicity Wishart's last campaign was Fight for the Reef on behalf of the Australian Marine Conservation Society, where she fought against environmental threats to the Great Barrier Reef, in particular coal industry development in the Galilee Basin. In June 2017, the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority announced that Reef No. 18-022 about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north-east of Hinchinbrook Island had been named Felicity Wishart Reef in her honour.

</doc>
<doc id="6938281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938281" title="Nadezhda">
Nadezhda

Nadezhda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6938282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938282" title="Monterey Technical School">
Monterey Technical School



</doc>
<doc id="6938287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938287" title="AMCS">
AMCS

AMCS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6938289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938289" title="S. A. Boles">
S. A. Boles



</doc>
<doc id="6938291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938291" title="Academy for the Advancement of Science and Technology">
Academy for the Advancement of Science and Technology



</doc>
<doc id="6938300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938300" title="Littoral Society">
Littoral Society



</doc>
<doc id="6938303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938303" title="Gerald Squires">
Gerald Squires

Gerald Leopold "Gerry" Squires, (November 17, 1937 – October 3, 2015) was a Canadian artist. Best known for painting dramatic landscapes in acrylic and oil, Squires also produced major work in sculpture, lithography and stained glass. He was also an accomplished portraitist. Much of his work drew inspiration from the landscape and culture of Newfoundland and Labrador.
Training and career.
Born in Change Islands, Newfoundland, Gerald Squires moved with his family to Toronto, Ontario at the age of twelve. In Toronto, he attended Danforth Technical School, where his natural artistic talent was encouraged. He later took night classes at the Ontario College of Art &amp; Design. Upon graduating from Danforth, Squires supported his art practice by apprenticing as a stained glass artist, and later worked as an editorial artist with the Toronto Telegram for several years. He exhibited his work in Toronto in solo shows such as "St. Francis of Assisi and Related Subjects", "The Canticles of St. John of the Cross", and "The Wanderer Series". Squires was also a founding member of the Robert McLaughlin Art Gallery in Oshawa, Ontario.
In 1969, Squires quit his job at the Telegram and returned to Newfoundland. In 1971 he settled in an abandoned lighthouse in Ferryland, where he lived with his wife and two daughters. In Ferryland, Squires was an artist in residence and teacher for Memorial University of Newfoundland, and established a steel sculpture studio, Headland Studios, with fellow artist Stewart Montgomerie. Work from this period includes "Studies in Steel", "Portraits", and "The Ferryland Downs Series".
Squires lived and worked in Holyrood, Newfoundland from 1983 onward. In the early 1980s, he created several major works for Mary Queen of the World Church, a process chronicled in the film "The Newfoundland Passion" by Arnold Bennett. In 1984, he received the Ted Drover Award for Achievement in the Visual Arts from the Newfoundland and Labrador Arts Council. He was made a member of the Order of Canada in 1999, and in 2003 received the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal. He was made a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts.
Squires continued to produce paintings, drawings, prints, and sculptures, and exhibits widely. Notable recent shows include "Gerald Squires: Journey", a 40-year retrospective at the Art Gallery of Newfoundland and Labrador (1998), and "Interior Light" at the Emma Butler Gallery (2005).
"I Heard the Birch Tree Whisper in the Night", a one-hour documentary film capturing Squires' life and completion of his final painting, was aired on CBC television in 2017. The film is directed by Newfoundland author and filmmaker, Kenneth J. Harvey.

</doc>
<doc id="6938304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938304" title="1990 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1990 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1990 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1990 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Governor Carroll A. Campbell Jr., the popular Republican incumbent, handily defeated Democrat Theo Mitchell to become only the second governor at the time elected to a second consecutive four-year term.
This was the first election since 1874 that Republicans won consecutively. This election was the first time since Reconstruction in 1870 that an incumbent Republican Governor of South Carolina was re-elected.
Democratic primary.
Ever since the passage of the Voting Rights Act and other civil rights legislation in the 1960s, black participation in the Democratic Party grew while the role of the whites diminished. This became evident in the 1988 U.S. Presidential election when Jesse Jackson, a black civil rights activist from Greenville, was chosen by South Carolina Democrats as their nominee for president. His nomination hastened the exodus of whites from the Democratic Party, but it also gave hope to blacks across the state that they could win a statewide office. Theo Mitchell, a black state senator from Greenville, sought to capitalize on the changing demographics of the state Democratic primary by indicating his intentions of seeking the governorship in April 1989.
In January 1990, Mitchell formally announced his candidacy for governor at a bus station named for him in Greenville. State Senator Ernie Passailaigue of Charleston entered the lackluster race in March 1990, but was widely unknown outside of Charleston and he failed to generate any excitement from the voters or the media. Other prominent state Democrats saw the race as unwinnable because of Governor Campbell's popularity and chose not to run for governor.
As a result of the apathy of the voters and the declining participation of whites, turnout was light for the state Democratic primary on June 12. Mitchell easily defeated Passailaigue because black voters dominated the primary and they overwhelmingly cast their vote for Mitchell. He made political history by becoming the first black person in South Carolina to be nominated by a major political party for the office of governor.
Republican primary.
Governor Carroll A. Campbell, Jr. faced no opposition from South Carolina Republicans and avoided a primary election.
Campaign.
After his win in the Democratic primary, Theo Mitchell came out swinging against Governor Campbell. He accused Campbell of lying to him in 1988 because he said that Campbell had told him that he would first appoint a black to the State Board of Corrections. Campbell replied that it was a mix-up and instead named a white to the board, although he did later appoint a black to the board. Mitchell also accused Campbell of taking on a "dictatorial role" as governor because of his inaccessibility and said that Campbell was vulnerable on the issues of hazardous waste, auto insurance, and education. The proposals made by Mitchell for the election were:
Governor Campbell stressed throughout the campaign his achievements in office, such as his leadership during Hurricane Hugo and his role in luring BMW to build a manufacturing plant in Greer. The one issue that he hoped to accomplish in a second term was the restructuring of state government for the first time since 1895. He had stated that there were four branches of government in South Carolina: the executive, legislative, judicial and bureaucracy. Campbell desired to reform state government so that it would operate for the people and not the special interests.
Mitchell committed a grave gaffe in September when he referred to Campbell's black supporters as "house niggers" and "black prostitutes who have sold out their race, their dignity, their honor and their integrity." He refused to apologize for the remarks and Campbell cancelled a planned televised debate with Mitchell. The quote and the loss of exposure from a televised debate ultimately doomed Mitchell's quixotic candidacy for governor.
Election results.
The general election was held on November 6, 1990, and Carroll A. Campbell, Jr. was reelected overwhelmingly as governor of South Carolina. The defeat marked the second largest loss by a Democratic nominee for governor in the state of South Carolina and the largest loss since Reconstruction. Turnout was less than the previous gubernatorial election because of the uncompetitive nature of the race.
Political commentators said that the huge loss was a result of Mitchell's combative style and his inability to curry support from the white power brokers of the Democratic Party. Consequently, Mitchell lacked the funding to mount an effective campaign against Governor Campbell. Mitchell had to travel by van for long hours to campaign functions and carry his own lectern whereas Campbell and his entourage traversed the state in two planes.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6938306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938306" title="Knight Street">
Knight Street

Knight Street is a major north-south roadway in Vancouver and Richmond, British Columbia, Canada. It is a four-to-six lane freeway from Westminster Highway in Richmond to Marine Drive in Vancouver, thus serving as an alternate way to exit Vancouver southbound, rather than the Granville Street/Oak Street corridor. Upon entering Vancouver, Knight Street provides major access routes to East Vancouver; at 14th Avenue, the road turns into Clark Drive, and runs northbound until it reaches the Port of Vancouver at Burrard Inlet. It is the busiest truck route in Vancouver, and a key link between Vancouver and its neighbours to the south.
The freeway section of Knight Street crosses the Fraser River via the Knight Street Bridge, connecting Vancouver to Mitchell Island and Richmond. This is the only officially designated freeway in Metro Vancouver that is not also designated as a provincial highway. However, the whole length of Knight Street is part of TransLink's Major Road Network: the agency owns the Knight Street Bridge, and provides funding to the cities of Vancouver and Richmond for maintenance and major projects on the rest of the street.
The street has become a favourite for street racers in the Vancouver area probably because of its long straight bridge, though the police presence has recently improved to thwart this activity. The intersection of Knight Street and Southeast Marine Drive, at the northern end of Knight Street Bridge, ranked among the top ten motor-vehicle crash sites in all of British Columbia in 2008.
The Knight Street (formerly known as Knight Road) was named after Robert Knight, a property owner in South Vancouver in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Clark Drive is named after Ephraim James Clark, a realtor who donated land to the city for a park in 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="6938324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938324" title="Phan Thu Ngân">
Phan Thu Ngân

Phan Thu Ngân (born 1980 in Đồng Nai) was crowned the seventh Miss Vietnam in 2000 when she was a second year student at Văn Lang University, Ho Chi Minh City. She also received the best answer award in the competition. After the Miss Viet Nam 2000 beauty pageant, she got married and refused to compete in Miss Universe 2001.
Miss Viet Nam 2000.
The winner : Phan Thu Ngân (Saigon)

</doc>
<doc id="6938327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938327" title="WWA The Revolution">
WWA The Revolution



</doc>
<doc id="6938335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938335" title="Right Here (Eddie Money album)">
Right Here (Eddie Money album)

Right Here is the eighth studio album by the American rock musician Eddie Money. It was released in September 1991 by Columbia Records and yielded four singles, three of which would make the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, including the song "I'll Get By" which made it to number 21. The video for "I'll Get By" is dedicated to the producer Bill Graham who had worked with Money on previous projects.
Reaching only number 160 on the "Billboard" 200 albums chart, "Right Here" would be Money's final chart appearance with an album of new material, and his singles from the album would mark his final pop chart appearances.

</doc>
<doc id="6938347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938347" title="Tadeusz Pacholczyk">
Tadeusz Pacholczyk

Tadeusz Pacholczyk (born 1964) is an American Roman Catholic priest, neuroscientist and writer.
Biography.
Pacholczyk grew up in Tucson, Arizona to a Polish family. His father Andrzej Pacholczyk was a professor of astrophysics at the University of Arizona. He earned his doctorate in neuroscience from Yale University where he determined the gene sequence for the human norepinephrine transporter, which demonstrated significant amino-acid identity with the GABA transporter, thus identifying a new gene family for neurotransmitter transporter proteins. He did post-doctoral research at Harvard University and Massachusetts General Hospital where his work focused on structural studies of the Na,K-ATPase.
In 1999, he was ordained a priest, after studying in Rome. He quickly became a church spokesman on what he calls beginning-of-life and end-of-life issues. He is a proponent of the teachings of the Catholic Church in opposition to human cloning and embryonic stem cell research. (See Declaration on the Production and the Scientific and Therapeutic Use of Human Embryonic Stem Cells.) He has testified before state legislatures and been quoted in the press. Pacholczyk writes a nationally syndicated column, titled "Making Sense of Bioethics," that appears in numerous Catholic diocesan newspapers in the United States and has been reprinted in newspapers in Canada, England, Poland, and Australia. He has written on a broad range of medical ethical issues, including ethical prescription and use of opioids, use of performance-enhancing drugs in professional athletics, animal/human hybrids, artificial nutrition and hydration, conscience rights for health care providers and patients, "in vitro" fertilization, palliative and hospice care, and physician-assisted suicide. Since 2001, he has given several hundred presentations and invited lectures, and continues to speak widely on contemporary bioethical themes throughout the U.S., Canada, and Europe. In July 2020, he was appointed by United States Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar to serve on the National Institute of Health Human Fetal Tissue Research Ethics Advisory Board.
, Pacholczyk is a priest of the Diocese of Fall River, Massachusetts. He served as the director of education from 2003 to 2023, and currently serves as senior ethicist at The National Catholic Bioethics Center in Philadelphia, whose long-time president, John Haas (retired 2019), served as an ordinary member of the Pontifical Academy for Life.
Opposing physician-assisted suicide.
On October 7, 2012, Pacholczyk wrote a piece in the "Wall Street Journal" titled "Please Step Back From the Assisted-Suicide Ledge" in which he notes, "If physician-assisted suicide really represents a good choice, we need to ask: Why should only physicians be able to participate?" He follows the rhetorical question to its conclusion by noting, "Why should doctors have a monopoly on undermining public trust? Police and lifeguards could help out too."
Sexual Orientation Change Efforts.
On October 22, 2018, Pacholczyk wrote a piece in the "Catholic Herald" titled "Sexual Orientation: Hope for restoration and healing with SOCE" (Sexual Orientation Change Efforts). He describes the measured conclusion of a review by Peter Sprigg, Senior Fellow for Policy Studies at the Family Research Council in Washington, D.C. of six studies published between 2000 and 2018 which concludes that SOCE "can be effective for some clients in bringing about significant change in some components of sexual orientation", and that "few harms were reported".
Ethical oversight of human scientific research.
In December 2001, Pacholczyk testified before the Massachusetts Senate that "embryonic human life is inviolable and deserving of unconditional respect." On January 10, 2020, he wrote a piece in "The Boston Pilot" titled "The Foxes and the Henhouse" in which he discusses the production of two gene-edited human babies in China, and the apparent inability of the scientific establishment to provide adequate ethical regulation and oversight of research involving embryonic humans.
COVID-19.
Pacholczyk has written and commented about the ethics of COVID-19 vaccines and COVID-19 treatments. His writings and comments have addressed issues such as the rationing of medical care (such as ventilators), whether and when prisoners should be given priority to receive vaccinations for COVID-19, whether public health officials can make it mandatory for people to receive a vaccine, and whether medical treatments and vaccines derived from cell lines derived from aborted fetuses are ethical.

</doc>
<doc id="6938352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938352" title="Anterior border">
Anterior border

Anterior border may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6938369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938369" title="Unplug It In">
Unplug It In

Unplug It In is an acoustic EP by Eddie Money, released in 1992. Tracks were recorded live during the "Unplugged Tour" at The Back Alley in Houston, Texas, and Backroom in Austin, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="6938373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938373" title="Castles (video game)">
Castles (video game)

Castles is a video game developed by Quicksilver and published by Interplay Entertainment in 1991 and 1992. The game involves the construction of a series of castles in Wales and the Welsh Marches during the 13th century. "Castles" was quickly followed by an expansion, "Castles: The Northern Campaign", and a sequel, "".
Gameplay.
The game combines several genres of gameplay including resource management, a text-based multiple-choice storyline and a simple combat mode.
In "Castles", the player constructs up to eight castles, one after the other, in various regions in western England and Wales. Each scenario starts in the castle building mode with a flat, empty map of the region. The map has such features as trees and water, but is largely devoid of manageable terrain.
On this map the player designs the outline of a castle, including a gatehouse, walls, and round or square towers. Each piece of the castle can be customized for either height, thickness, or both, and most can be further outfitted with defensive features. Wall defenses feature cauldrons of boiling oil and towers include arrow slits. The player has to consider the amount of available resources in the region when designing the castle, as larger or numerous pieces can easily deplete resources and result in the inability to complete the castle.
Construction.
After the design has been completed, the player has to employ workers to construct the castle. There are several types of workers, including masons, carpenters and so forth, each involved in a different stage of construction. The player can set the wages for each class of workers. Raising the wage means more workers of that type are willing to be employed.
Once workers arrive at the construction site, the player assigns them to different segments of the castle, and if the appropriate workers are available, construction starts. Each segment has several "steps", beginning with laying the foundations, and then building a layer of stone, followed by a scaffold that allows workers to place another level of stone, and so forth until the battlements are finished. Thereafter, the segment is complete.
In order to finish the stage, one complete circuit of stone walls and towers, including a gate, must be fully constructed.
Digger-type workers can be instructed to dig a moat around the castle walls. This is only possible if the player has constructed at least one closed circuit of castle segments. When a moat is fully excavated, it is filled with water. Gatehouses immediately convert to a doorway like that of a draw bridge should the moat pass directly in front of the gatehouse.
During construction, several things occur that the player has to be ready for. The first and most basic is winter. During the winter months (December through February) construction stops, and workers simply consume the food supplies. To prepare for winter, the player must buy food using their supply of gold. If food runs out, workers are reluctant to join the workforce.
Random events.
Random events are also possible, allowing for changes in gold reserves, food reserves, or standing with the various factions that surround the king's court.
A text-based, multiple-choice storyline also interrupts construction every once in a while. During this playing phase, the player is presented with the view of the king's throne room, as he is visited by a messenger or a leader from one of the factions. This can be the Pope, abbots, nuns (representing the church), various knights and other local rulers (representing the lords of England), various peasants and rebels, magicians, astrologers, and even representatives of "fantasy" style factions, such as the seelie court (elves). A short story is presented, describing a situation upon which the king must make a decision. There are often only two to four decisions, and not always a "best" choice. The decision made can influence any part of the game, including the royal treasury, diplomatic relations with the various factions, or even incite immediate combat. Most (but not all) storylines could recur, meaning that the storyline will continue over several such encounters, with results being based on previous decisions as well. Results could also vary depending on the support the king has from the factions concerned.
Combat.
Occasionally combat ensues in the castle area, sometimes triggered by the text-story mode. In such an event, the player may or may not be notified which direction the enemy is coming from. They then position their infantry and archers in defensive positions around the castle or on top of castle segments. Much like with the workforce, the player can adjust wages and recruit soldiers as needed for such tasks. The player can also decide into how many groups they want to split their soldiers. More groups means better ability to cover more area, but each group is weaker (as it has fewer men).
Archers are often placed on higher ground (i.e. on constructed or partially constructed castle segments) while infantry are placed on the ground, either inside the castle (to attack enemies as they breach the walls), outside the castle (to intercept enemies heading towards the walls) or a combination of both. As the enemy approaches (sometimes from more than one direction), archers attempt to shoot them down, while infantry attempt to intercept and attack them in melee combat. Combat is fast-flowing, and the only user intervention during this time is to instruct individual units to attack specific enemy targets.
If any single enemy troop manages to reach a wall segment, they will begin to tear it down. Stronger (that is, thicker or larger) segments last longer under the assault, but eventually they crumble down and have to be constructed again. Special defences on walls (i.e. cauldrons of boiling oil) automatically activate, killing an enemy troop that reaches such a wall segment, but only if they have been placed into the wall in the design phase. Also, if an enemy soldier reaches a moat section, they have to ford it first in order to pass through.
Enemies come in many different types, ranging from simple enemy troops to siege weaponry, or even fantasy creatures (ogres, if the fantasy option was selected when the game was started). The later scenarios in the game offer tougher enemies that arrive in much larger groups.
Combat is resolved when either all enemy troops are destroyed, or the castle no longer has any constructed or partially constructed segments.
Finances.
Keeping the treasury lively is very important, as money is necessary to employ both troops and workers. Events can alter the treasury (either for better or worse), but most money is collected through taxation. The player can dictate the level of taxation, thus influencing the monthly intake of funds, but high taxes result in negative attitude with the peasantry, which results in poor turn-up of workers and troops. Also, during the winter months a large tax is collected from the people, which is then available when work resumes in March.
Completing a scenario.
At the start of the game, the player is asked how many castles they wish to construct (3, 5 or 8), thus dictating the length of the entire campaign. Castles are constructed one after another, and each scenario is more difficult than the last, in terms of available resources and money, the size and variety of enemy troops, as well as the difficulty in maintaining good relations with all the different factions (friendly or otherwise).
To win a scenario, the player needs to have at least one complete circuit of segments fully constructed, exceeding a specific quota of castle "pieces" as dictated by the scenario requirements (which increases with each scenario). Larger segments are considered as more than one "piece" towards this total. Once the castle is completed, and the player acknowledges that they wish to end the scenario, a large battle ensues in which enemies make a final attempt to destroy the castle. Should the player defeat the enemy, they win the scenario.
Platforms.
Originally developed for DOS, "Castles" used CGA/EGA/VGA graphics and supporting AdLib MIDI sound, as well as a mouse interface.
It was ported to the Atari ST in 1991 and to the Amiga in 1992, and a PC-98 localization was sold in Japan. In 1991 an expansion pack, "The Northern Campaign", was released for DOS and in 1992 for Amiga. GOG.com released an emulated version for Microsoft Windows in 2008.
Reception.
Jim Trunzo reviewed "Castles" in "White Wolf" #29 (Oct./Nov., 1991), rating it a 4 out of 5 and stated that "All in all, "Castles" is a unique and fascinating product that will keep gamers engrossed for hours on end. The program employs a simple point and click interface, supported by pull-down menus. Placing castle pieces requires no more than clicking on the piece and clicking again on its destination. This should be one of the hits of the summer/fall software season. It's a must buy for IBM owners."
"Computer Gaming World"s reviewer liked the game in 1991, stating that he was "genuinely sorry" when the game ended as he wished to see the castle in operation, and concluded that ""Castles" fairly begs for a sequel". In a 1993 survey of pre 20th-century strategy games the magazine gave the game two stars out of five, stating that while "graphically well-done and initially fascinating to watch [it] can quickly become somewhat tedious. Is there a game in here, or is it a software toy?" The game was reviewed in 1991 in "Dragon" #175 by Hartley, Patricia, and Kirk Lesser in "The Role of Computers" column. The reviewers gave the game 4 out of 5 stars.
"Castles: The Northern Campaign" was reviewed in 1992 in "Dragon" #180 by the Lessers. The reviewers gave the game 5 out of 5 stars. The 1993 "Computer Gaming World" survey gave it two stars out of five.

</doc>
<doc id="6938386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938386" title="Mysteries of Pittsburgh (film)">
Mysteries of Pittsburgh (film)



</doc>
<doc id="6938391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938391" title="Love and Money (album)">
Love and Money (album)

Love and Money is the ninth studio album by rock artist Eddie Money. It was released in 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="6938392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938392" title="Lexington Broadcast Services">
Lexington Broadcast Services



</doc>
<doc id="6938399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938399" title="Mysteries of Pittsburgh">
Mysteries of Pittsburgh



</doc>
<doc id="6938400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938400" title="Varga">
Varga

Varga may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6938405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938405" title="Steve Holt (TV character)">
Steve Holt (TV character)



</doc>
<doc id="6938406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938406" title="EA Korea">
EA Korea



</doc>
<doc id="6938407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938407" title="Good as Gold (Eddie Money album)">
Good as Gold (Eddie Money album)

Good as Gold is an album by rock singer-songwriter Eddie Money, released in 1996. It is a budget compendium of top 40 hits and some album songs, and they are all taken from albums from "Eddie Money" through "Can't Hold Back".

</doc>
<doc id="6938408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938408" title="M115">
M115



</doc>
<doc id="6938410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938410" title="Shawn Hillegas">
Shawn Hillegas

Shawn Patrick Hillegas (born August 21, 1964) is an American former professional baseball right-handed pitcher. He played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Chicago White Sox, Cleveland Indians, New York Yankees and Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball (MLB).
Biography.
Hillegas was born in Dos Palos, California, on August 21, 1964.
Hillegas was 6'3", 190 pounds (although one source says he was 6'2", 208 pounds) and he threw and batted right-handed. He attended Forest Hills High School in Sidman, Pennsylvania, and then Middle Georgia College.
Career.
Hillegas was drafted by the California Angels in the 26th round (657th overall) of the 1983 draft. He opted not to sign that year. In 1984, he signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers after being drafted 4th overall in the first round.
He did well in the minors, with only one bad stretch: in 1986 with the Albuquerque Dukes, he had a 6.17 ERA in 9 games. His best minor league season statistically was 1984 with the Vero Beach Dodgers, where he had a 1.83 ERA in 13 games.
On August 9, 1987, Hillegas made his major league debut. He lived up to his first round status in his debut-he pitched 8 innings with 6 strikeouts and 2 earned runs for the win. Perhaps his best Major League season was his rookie year-he went 4-3 with a 3.57 ERA in 58 innings pitched.
Hillegas went 24-38, with a 4.61 ERA. He never quite lived up to his 1st round status as a whole. As a batter, he went 2-29-that's a .069 batting average. He committed 9 errors in the field, for a .900 fielding percentage. He balked only once in his career.
He played his final game on July 17, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="6938412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938412" title="Botswana Defence Force XI F.C.">
Botswana Defence Force XI F.C.

Botswana Defence Force XI Football Club is a football club from Botswana based in Mogoditshane and playing home games in Gaborone. It is the club of the Botswana Defence Force, composed mostly of military players. players were eligible to play for the club once they became cadets. In 2016, the club reduced the number of civilian players on the team, citing financial concerns.
History.
BDF XI were founded in 1978, a year after the Botswana Defence Force came into existence. BDF XI have won the Botswana Premier League seven times, most recently in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6938417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938417" title="M-115">
M-115



</doc>
<doc id="6938424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938424" title="Super Hits (Eddie Money album)">
Super Hits (Eddie Money album)

Super Hits is a compilation album by Eddie Money, released in 1997, and contains ten digitally remastered tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="6938425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938425" title="M115 Howitzer">
M115 Howitzer



</doc>
<doc id="6938426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938426" title="Wgasa">
Wgasa



</doc>
<doc id="6938427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938427" title="Achille Richard">
Achille Richard

Achille Richard was a French botanist, botanical illustrator and physician (27 April 1794 in Paris – 5 October 1852). 
Biography.
Achille was the son of the botanist Louis-Claude Marie Richard (1754–1821). He was a pharmacist in the French navy, and a member of several well-known societies of that time. He became a leading botanist, and his books remain valued for their clarity and precision.
On 24 February 1834 he was made a member of the French Academy of Sciences (Botanical Section). He was also a member of the French National Academy of Medicine. He studied and described several genera of orchids that take his abbreviation in the generic name, among them "Ludisia".

</doc>
<doc id="6938430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938430" title="Board of Tea Appeals">
Board of Tea Appeals



</doc>
<doc id="6938432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938432" title="One million b.c. (1940 film)">
One million b.c. (1940 film)



</doc>
<doc id="6938436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938436" title="Board of tea appeals">
Board of tea appeals



</doc>
<doc id="6938439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938439" title="8-inch Howitzer">
8-inch Howitzer

An 8-inch howitzer is a howitzer with an 8-inch bore. Examples include:

</doc>
<doc id="6938440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938440" title="Leviathan (Fandorin)">
Leviathan (Fandorin)



</doc>
<doc id="6938444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938444" title="Robert Ludwig">
Robert Ludwig



</doc>
<doc id="6938448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938448" title="King Tupou IV">
King Tupou IV



</doc>
<doc id="6938451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938451" title="2004 Chase for the Nextel Cup">
2004 Chase for the Nextel Cup

The 2004 Chase for the Nextel Cup served as the premiere ten-race playoff series among the top ten drivers in the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series. After the Chevy Rock and Roll 400 on September 11, 2004, the ten drivers atop the standings were locked into the playoff. Kurt Busch won the driver's championship for the first time in his career.
Notes.
 – Jeff Gordon is the official owner of the No. 48, though his work in signing Johnson to Hendrick Motorsports, licensing of merchandising through Hendrick Gordon Licensing LLC, and holds minority interest in the team.
 – Mark Martin is the official owner of the No. 17 because of his work in signing Kenseth, and holds minority interest in that team.
 – Georgetta Roush is Jack's mother, and the official owner of the No. 97.

</doc>
<doc id="6938452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938452" title="Randolph Frederick Edward Spencer-Churchill">
Randolph Frederick Edward Spencer-Churchill



</doc>
<doc id="6938453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938453" title="Civilized core">
Civilized core

Civilized Core refers to the four advanced civilizations that emerged during the 1st millennium BC, during the earlier Iron Age after the collapse of the Bronze Age civilizations that preceded them.
A primary characteristic of these civilizations is monocentrism, and together with historical developments such as hereditary rule, it led to a new era of statehood for several civilizations. Accounts also hold that there is evidence that show "uncivilized" periphery has provided technologically superior tools and technologies to the civilized core as demonstrated in the case of the spread of European and North Caucasian shaft-hole axes in advanced civilizations of the Asia Minor. Chinese written sources dating from the latter time frame of the 1st millennium BC also spoke of being "compelled to borrow technology and weapon forms from the "wild peoples" of the steppes and foothills of Central Asia."
These were, in order of emergence, the civilizations of

</doc>
<doc id="6938454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938454" title="Parque Urquiza (Rosario)">
Parque Urquiza (Rosario)

The Parque Urquiza (Urquiza Park) is a public urban park in Rosario, Argentina. It is located in the southeastern end of the city center, on top of the Paraná River ravines. It is bordered by 3 de Febrero St., the coastal Belgrano Avenue, Chacabuco St. and the beginning of Pellegrini Avenue. Its name is an homage to General Justo José de Urquiza, President of the Argentine Confederation from 1854 to 1860.
The park hosts an open-air stage (the Humberto de Nito Municipal Amphitheater, with a 3,000-people capacity), the Municipal Astronomic Complex (comprising the Luis Cándido Carballo Planetarium, the Víctor Capolongo Observatory, and the Experimental Science Museum), a large bas-relief called "The Sower", a monument to General Urquiza, and the former Rosario station of the Ferrocarril Oeste Santafesino, as well as a fountain, a number of sculptures, sports fields and recreation areas.

</doc>
<doc id="6938463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938463" title="DJ Touche">
DJ Touche



</doc>
<doc id="6938464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938464" title="The Historical Bridge Spanning the Interval of the Old Testament and the New Testament">
The Historical Bridge Spanning the Interval of the Old Testament and the New Testament



</doc>
<doc id="6938469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938469" title="Tupou IV">
Tupou IV



</doc>
<doc id="6938470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938470" title="Rotary vacuum-drum filter">
Rotary vacuum-drum filter

A Rotary Vacuum Filter Drum consists of a cylindrical filter membrane that is partly sub-merged in a slurry to be filtered. The inside of the drum is held lower than the ambient pressure. As the drum rotates through the slurry, the liquid is sucked through the membrane, leaving solids to cake on the membrane surface while the drum is submerged. A knife or blade is positioned to scrape the product from the surface.
The technique is well suited to slurries, flocculated suspensions, and liquids with a high solid content, which could clog other forms of filter. It is common to pre-coated with a filter aid, typically of diatomaceous earth (DE) or Perlite. In some implementations, the knife also cuts off a small portion of the filter media to reveal a fresh media surface that will enter the liquid as the drum rotates. Such systems advance the knife automatically as the surface is removed.
Basic fundamentals.
Rotary vacuum drum filter.
Rotary vacuum drum filter (RVDF), patented in 1872, is one of the oldest filters used in the industrial liquid-solids separation. It offers a wide range of industrial processing flow sheets and provides a flexible application of dewatering, washing and/or clarification.
A rotary vacuum filter consists of a large rotating drum covered by a cloth. The drum is suspended on an axial over a trough containing liquid or solids slurry with approximately 50-80% of the screen area immersed in the slurry.
As the drum rotates into and out of the trough, the slurry is sucked on the surface of the cloth and rotated out of the liquid or solids suspension as a cake. When the cake is rotating out, it is dewatered in the drying zone. The cake is dry because the vacuum drum is continuously sucking the cake and taking the water out of it. At the final step of the separation, the cake is discharged as solids products and the drum rotates continuously to another separation cycle.
Range of application.
Applications:
Advantages and limitations.
The advantages and limitations of rotary vacuum drum filter compared to other separation methods are:
Designs available.
Basically there are five types of discharge that are used for the rotary vacuum drum filter such as belt, scraper, roll, string and pre coat discharge.
Belt discharge.
The filter cloth is washed on both sides with each drum rotation while discharging filter cakes. The products for this mechanism are usually sticky, wet and thin thus, requiring the aid of a discharge roll. Belt discharge is used if slurry with moderate solid concentration is used or if the slurry is easy to filter to produce cake formation or if a longer wear resistance is desired for the separation of the mentioned slurry...
Scraper discharge.
This is the standard drum filter discharge. A scraper blade, which serves to redirect the filter cake into the discharge chute, removes the cake from the filter cloth just before re-entering the vat. Scraper discharge is used if the desired separation requires high filtration rate or if heavy solid slurry is used or if the slurry is easy to filter to produce cake formation or if a longer wear resistance is desired for the separation of the mentioned slurry.
Roll discharge.
It is a suitable discharge option for cakes that are thin and have the tendency to stick with one another. Filter cakes on the drum and discharged roll are pressed against one another to ensure that the thin filter cake is peeled or pulled from the drum. Removal of solids from the discharge roll is done via a knife blade. Roll discharged is used if the desired separation requires high filtration rate, if high solid content slurry is used or if the slurry is easy to filter to produce cake formation or if the discharged solid is sticky or mud-like cake.
String discharge.
The filtrate cakes that are thin and fragile are usually the end products of this discharge lie. The materials are capable of changing phases, from solid to liquid, due to instability and disturbance. Two rollers guide the strings back to drum surface and at the same time separation of the filtrate cake occurs as they pass the rollers. Application of the string discharge can be seen at the pharmaceutical and starch industries. String discharge is used if the high solid concentration slurry is used or if the slurry is easy to filter to produce cake formation or if the discharged solid is fibrous, stringy or pulpy or if a longer wear resistance is desired for the separation of the mentioned slurry.
Pre coat discharge.
Application of this discharge are usually seen where production of filter cakes that blind the filter media thoroughly and processes that have low solid concentration slurry. Pre coat discharge is used if slurry with very low solid concentration slurry is used that resulted in difficult cake formation or if the slurry is difficult to filter to produce cake .
Main process characteristics and assessment.
Generally, the main process in a rotary vacuum drum filter is continuous filtration whereby solids are separated from liquids through a filter medium by a vacuum. The filter cloth is one of the most important components on a filter and is typically made of weaving polymer yarns. The best selection of cloth can increase the performance of filtration. Initially, slurry is pumped into the trough and as the drum rotates, it is partially submerged in the slurry. The vacuum draws liquid and air through the filter media and out the shaft hence forming a layer of cake. An agitator is used to regulate the slurry if the texture is coarse and it is settling rapidly. Solids that are trapped on the surface of the drum are washed and dried after 2/3 of revolution, removing all the free moisture.
During the washing stage, the wash liquid can either be poured onto the drum or sprayed on the cake. Cake pressing is optional but its advantages are preventing cake cracking and removing more moisture. Cake discharge is when all the solids are removed from the surface of the cake by a scraper blade, leaving a clean surface as drum re-enters the slurry. There are a few types of discharge which are scraper, roller, string, endless belt and pre coat. The filtrate and air flow through internal pipes, valve and into the vacuum receiver where the separation of liquid and gas occurs producing a clear filtrate. Pre coat filtration is an ideal method to produce a high clarity of filtrate. Basically, the drum surface is pre coated with a filter aid such as diatomaceous earth (DE) or perlite to improve filtration and increase cake permeability. It then undergoes the same process cycle as the conventional rotary vacuum drum filter however, pre coat filtration uses a higher precision blade to scrape off the cake.
The filter is assessed by the size of the drum or filter area and its possible output. Typically, the output is in the units of pounds per hour of dry solids per square foot of filter area. The size of the auxiliary parts depends on the area of the filter and the type of usage. Rotary vacuum filters are flexible in handling variety of materials therefore the estimated solids yield from 5 to 200 pounds per hour per square foot. For pre coat discharge, the solid output is approximately 2 to 40 gallons per hour per square foot. Filtration efficiencies can also be improved in terms dryness of filter cake by significantly preventing filtrate liquid from getting stuck in the filter drum during filtration phase. Usage of multiple filters for example, running 3 filter units instead of 2 units yields a thicker cake hence, producing a clearer filtrate. This becomes beneficial in terms of production cost and also quality.
Heuristics design process.
Basic operation parameters heuristics.
Vat level and drum speed are the two basic operating parameters for any rotary vacuum drum filter. These parameters are adjusted dependently to each other to optimize the filtration performance.
Valve level determines the proportion filter cycle in the filter. The filter cycle consist of the filter drum rotation, release of cake formation from slurry and the drying period for the cake formation shown in figure 1. By default, operate the vat at its maximum level to maximise the rate of filtration. Reduce vat level if discharged solid is in the form of thin and slimy cake or if the discharged solid is very thick.
Decrease in the vat level eventually leads to a decrease in the portion of the drum being submerge under the slurry, more surface exposure for the cake dying surface hence, larger cake formation to dry time ratio. This result in less moisture content of formed solid and lessen the thickness of the form solid. In addition to operating at lower vat level, the flow rate per drum revolution decreases and ultimately thinner cake formation occurs. In the case of pre coat discharge the filter aid efficiency increases. 
Drum speed is the driving factor for the filter output and its units is in the form of minutes per drum revolution. At steady operating conditions, adjusting the drum speed gives a proportional relationship with the filter throughput as shown as in figure 2.
Discharge mechanism adjustment heuristics.
Endless belt.
Select filter cloth to obtain a good surface for cake formation. Use twill weave variation in the construction pattern of the fabric for better wear resistance. The belt tension, de-mooning bar height, wash water quantity and discharge roll speed are carefully tuned to maintain a good path for the cake formation to prevent excessive wear of the filter cloth.
Scraper.
Select filter cloth to obtain good wear and solid binding characteristics. Use moderate blowback pressure to avoid high wear. Adjust duration of blow back pressure short enough to remove the cake from the filter cloth. The tuning of valve body is important for the blow back to prevent the excess filtrated being force back out of the pipe to with the release cake solid as this minimises wear and filter media maintenance.
Roll.
Select filter cloth to obtain solid binding resistance and good cake release. Use coated fabric for more effective cake release and have a longer-lasting cloth media due to solid binding filter cloth. Both the discharge roll speed and drum speed must be the same. Adjust the scraper knife to leave a significant heal on discharge roll to produce a continuous cake transfer.
String.
Minimise the lateral pressure of the strings by adjusting the alignment tine bar to avoid the string being cut off. Have ceramic tube place over each aligning tine bar to act as bearing surface for the strings.
Pre coat.
Select filter cloth based on the type filter aid used (refer Filter aid selection), adjust the advancing knife to optimize the knife advance rate per drum revolution. (Detail explained in Advance blade section)
Pre coat filter operation heuristics.
Filter aid selection: filter aid are recoat cake that act as the actual filter media and there two different types which are diatomaceous earth or perlite.
Important parameter to consider is the solid penetration into the pre coat cake and its limits 0.002 to 0.005 inch penetration thickness.
Large amount of filter aid is used i.e. “open”, more filter aid is aid removed which lead to higher disposal cost. If little amount of filter aid is used i.e. “tight” will lead to no flow rate into the drum. This comparison can be illustrated in figure 5 as below.
Advanced blade.
The approximate knife advance rate can be determined for a set of operating conditions using table 6 below. The table indicates the number of hours that the filter can operate in a one-inch pre coat cake; the required condition is that the advance blade must be at a constant position. This method can be used to check for optimum operation range.
If the operating parameter is higher than the optimum range, the user can reduce the knife advance rate and use a tighter grade of filter aid. This will result in less filter aid used (lower capital cost) and less filter aid being removed (lower disposal cost). However, if the operating parameter is lower than the optimum range, the user can increase the knife advanced rate (more production) and decrease the drum speed for less filter air usage (reduced operating cost).
Necessary post treatment for waste stream for thicker.
Chlorination.
Most commonly used post treatment, where chlorine is dissolved in water to form and hydrochloric acid hypochlorous acid. The latter act as a disinfectant that is able to eliminate pathogens such as bacteria, viruses and protozoa by penetrating the cell walls.
UV radiation.
The waste stream is irradiated with Ultraviolet radiation. The UV radiation disinfect by disrupting the pathogen cell to be mutated and prevent the cell from replicating. Eventually the mutated cell becomes extinct and this process eliminates odour.
"Ozonation".
The stream is exposed to ozone and ozone is unstable at atmospheric condition. The ozone (O3) decomposes into oxygen (O2) and more oxygen is dissolved into the stream. The pathogen is oxidised to form carbon dioxide. This process eliminates the odour of the stream but result in slightly acidic product due to the effect of carbon dioxide present.
Necessary post treatment for waste stream for clarifier.
Land reclamation.
The waste discharge can be used as land stabilizer as dry bio-solids that can be distributed to the market. The land stabilizer is used in reclaiming marginal land such as mining waste land. This process will help to restore the land to its initial appearance.
Incineration.
The waste discharge can be sent into incineration plant, where the organic solid undergoes combustion process. The combustion process produces heat that can be used to generate electricity.
New Development.
The rotary vacuum drum filter designs available vary in physical aspects and their characteristics. The filtration area ranges from 0.5 m2 to 125 m2. Disregarding the size of the design, filter cloth washing is a priority as it ensures efficiency of cake washing and acting vacuum. However, a smaller design would be more economical as the maintenance, energy usage and investment cost would be less than a bigger rotary vacuum drum filter.
Over the years, the technology drive has pushed development to further heights revolving around rotary vacuum drum filter in terms of design, performance, maintenance and cost. This has also led to the development of smaller rotary drum vacuum filters, ranging from laboratory scale to pilot scale, both of which can be used for smaller applications (such as at a lab in a university) High performance capacity, optimised filtrate drainage with low flow resistance and minimal pressure loss are just a few of the benefits. 
With advanced control systems prompting automation, this has reduced the operation of attention needed hence, reducing the operational cost. Advancements in technology also means that precoat can be cut to 1/20th the thickness of human hair, thus making the use of precoat more efficient Lowered operational and capital cost can also be achieved nowadays due to easier maintenance and cleaning. Complete cell emptying can be done quickly with the installation of leading and trailing pipes.
Given that the filter cloth is usually one of the more expensive component in the rotary vacuum drum filter build up, priority on its maintenance must be kept quite high. A longer lifetime, protection from damage and consistent performance are the few criteria that must not be overlooked.
Besides considering production cost and quality, cake washing and cake thickness are essential issues that are important in the process. Methods have been performed to ensure a minimal amount of cake moisture while undergoing good cake washing with large cake dewatering angle. An even thickness of filter cake besides having a complete cake discharge is also possible.
External links.
Drum Filter Made in Viet Nam

</doc>
<doc id="6938471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938471" title="Halakhic hour">
Halakhic hour



</doc>
<doc id="6938474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938474" title="Yokoyama Matsusaburō">
Yokoyama Matsusaburō

 was a pioneering Japanese photographer, artist, lithographer and teacher.
Yokoyama was born Yokoyama Bunroku () in Iturup (then under Japanese control) on 10 October 1838. Early in his life, Yokoyama and his family moved to Hakodate, where in 1854 he was first exposed to photography on seeing daguerreotypes by Eliphalet Brown, Jr. and A. F. Mozhaiskii. At the age of fifteen he was apprenticed to a kimono dealer, and during this time developed an interest in painting. A few years later, as an assistant to the Russian painter Lehman, he was exposed to Western painting styles and helped sketch the surroundings of the Russian Consulate in Hakodate. With a view to improving his landscape painting, Yokoyama started to learn photography. He travelled to Yokohama and studied photography under Shimooka Renjō, then returned to Hakodate and studied under the Russian consul, I. A. Goshkevich. In 1868 Yokoyama opened his own commercial photographic studio in Yokohama. That same year he moved his studio to Ryōgoku (in Tokyo), naming it "Tsūten-rō" (); some time later, he moved "Tsūten-rō" a short distance to Ueno Ikenohata).
In 1868, Yokoyama met Ninagawa Noritane, an official in the Meiji government, who commissioned him to photograph Edo Castle, before its imminent reconstruction, and the Imperial treasures housed in the Shōsōin. The project was completed between 1871 and 1872 and some of the resulting work was published in 1872 as an album of 64 photographs titled "Kyū-Edo-jō Shashin-chō" (, "Photograph Album of the former Edo Castle") and republished as an album of 73 photographs in 1878 under the title "Kanko Zusetsu, Jokakau-no-bu" ("History and description of Japanese arts and industries, part one, the castle"). Some of Yokoyama's photographs of Japanese art works were presented at the 1873 Vienna Exposition.
Yokoyama was the first Japanese photographer to seriously pursue stereographic photography. An early photograph of his studio equipment shows seven cameras, of which two are stereographic. By 1869 Yokoyama, accompanied by friends and students, was travelling throughout Japan to make stereoviews. He produced at least three series of views that were published at the time, but that are now very hard to find. According to photography historian Rob Oechsle, Yokoyama's are the only notable Japanese-made stereographic series from the early Meiji period; they were taken from 1869 through the 1870s.
In 1870, Shimooka Renjō invited Yokoyama to join him in photographing Mount Nikkō-Shirane. The resulting photographs, under both their names, were subsequently presented to the Tokugawa clan.
Yokoyama opened an art school in 1873 whose students included such painters as Kamei Shiichi, Kamei Takejiro and Yamada Nariaki, and such photographers as Azusawa Ryōichi, Kikuchi Shingaku, Nakajima Matsuchi, and Suzuki Shin'ichi.
In 1876, he gave the rights to his studio to his assistant Oda Nobumasa and became a lecturer at the Japanese Military Academy, lecturing on photography and lithography.
In 1881, a recurrence of his tuberculosis, first caught around the age of fifteen, forced him to leave his post at the Military Academy. Nevertheless, he then founded the Shashin Sekiban-sha (Photolithography Company), he continued to paint, and about this time he created what he called "shashin abura-e" ( in the orthography of the time, now) or "photographic oil-paintings", in which the paper support of a photograph was cut away and oil paints then applied to the remaining emulsion. Yokoyama produced a number of works using this technique.
Yokoyama died in Tokyo on 15 October 1884.
In addition to his landscapes and portraits, Yokoyama is noted for his self-portraits, and his works include paintings, large format albumen prints (monochrome and hand-coloured), and "shashin abura-e". He produced studio souvenir albums, some of which have survived to this day. A biography of Yokoyama was written in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="6938475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938475" title="Zmanim">
Zmanim

Zmanim (, literally means "times", singular "zman") are specific times of the day mentioned in Jewish law.
These times appear in various contexts: Shabbat and Jewish holidays begin and end at specific times in the evening, while some rituals must be performed during the day or the night, or during specific hours of the day or night.
Calculations.
Relative hours.
The daytime period is divided into twelve equal "relative hours" (or "seasonal" or "variable" hours), which can be longer or shorter than 60 minutes, as the period of daylight is generally not exactly twelve hours long. Hours of the day are counted according to these relative hours for commandments: thus, the Shema prayer must be recited in "the first three hours" of the day, i.e., the first 1/4 of the daytime period.
There are two major opinions regarding the definition of the daytime period:
The result is that "Magen Avraham times" are earlier in the morning than "Vilna Gaon times"; in practice, there are communities that follow each of those standards. For times in the afternoon, the Vilna Gaon's times are earlier, and are almost universally followed.
Near New York, for example, a "seasonal hour" based on the Vilna Gaon's calculations lasts ~45 minutes near the winter solstice, ~60 minutes near the equinoxes, and ~75 minutes near the summer solstice.
Minutes and degrees.
The Talmud often states calculations of "zmanim" in terms of the time it takes to walk some distance, stated in "mil" (Biblical miles). Most authorities reckon the time it takes to walk one "mil" as being 18 minutes, though there are opinions of up to 24 minutes.
Many authorities hold such calculations to be absolute: the phrase "four "mils" after sundown," for example, means exactly "72 minutes after sundown" in all places on all dates. Other authorities, especially those living in higher latitudes, noted that the darkness of the sky 72 minutes after sundown (for example) varies substantially from place to place, and from date to date. Therefore, they hold that "72 minutes after sundown" actually refers to the "degree of darkness" of the sky, 72 minutes after sundown in Jerusalem on an equinox. That degree of darkness is reckoned as being reached when the sun has fallen a certain number of degrees below the horizon (for example, 7°5′ below the horizon), and that number of degrees becomes the actual standard used for all places and all dates.
Evening.
One calendar day ends, and the next day begins, in the evening. The Talmud states there is an uncertainty as to whether the day ends exactly at sundown or nightfall, so the period in between—known as "bein hashemashot" (בין השמשות)—has a status of doubt, as it could belong to either the previous or next day.
The length and timing of "bein hashemashot" are subject to dispute. Two Talmudic passages provide contradictory statements regarding its length:
Tractate Pesachim states that the length is four "mil", while Shabbat 34b states that the length is just 3/4 "mil". Later authorities differ in their interpretations of these passages:
These lead to different opinions on the length of "bein hashemashot". According to the Geonim, nightfall is 13½-18 minutes after sundown (or, equivalently, when the sun falls 3–4.65° below the horizon). According to Rabbeinu Tam, nightfall occurs exactly 72 (or 90) minutes after sundown (or, equivalently, when the sun falls 16.1° or 20° below the horizon).
A third Talmudic passage (Shabbat 35b) states that nightfall occurs when three medium-sized stars become visible. Until recently, all Jewish communities followed this passage, waiting for the observation of three stars to end Shabbat. This passage seems to contradict the other two, as in most of the world stars become visible more than 18 and less than 72 minutes after astronomical sunset. To reconcile the passages, various writers have proposed that halachic "sundown" (the beginning of "bein hashemashot") is not when the sun crosses the horizon, but rather earlier (according to Rabbeinu Tam) or later (according to Geonim). 
While Shabbat 35b refers to medium-sized stars, the Shulchan Aruch rules that since we are unsure what stars are medium or big, we must be stringent to wait for the appearance of small stars. Since this time is not clearly defined, most communities (at least for the end of the Sabbath) wait until around 8.5° of solar depression. Some, following the interpretation of Rabbeinu Tam, wait until 72 (or 90) minutes after astronomical sunset; this is common practice in Chasidic and other Charedi communities.
Morning.
There are three times for beginning of mitzvot "during the day:"
The Mishnah lists a number of daytime mitzvot should be performed after sunrise, but if they are performed after daybreak, one fulfilled his obligation "ex post facto".
The Talmud in Pesachim (see above) holds symmetrically that the time between daybreak and sunrise is also the time in which one can walk four "mils." For morning calculations, daybreak is normally held to be when the sun is 16.1° below the horizon, or else a fixed 72 (or 90) minutes before sunrise.
Times.
Daybreak.
Daybreak (עֲלוֹת הַשַּׁחַר, "Alot Hashachar") refers to when the first rays of light are visible in the morning.
Misheyakir.
After daybreak, there is a time known as "misheyakir", "when one can recognize [another person four cubits away]." This is the earliest time to wear "tzitzit" and tefillin (though "ex post facto", if one did so after "Alot Hashachar", he fulfilled his obligation).
"Misheyakir" is generally calculated relative to season and place, and because there are no Talmudic or early sources as to when this time occurs, there are a wide range of opinions. Most calculate it based on when the sun is somewhere between 10.2-11.5 degrees below the horizon, but there are opinions that make it as late as 6 degrees.
Sunrise.
Sunrise (הָנֵץ הַחַמָּה, "Hanetz Hachamah") refers to when the ball of the sun rises above the horizon. It is preferable to pray the morning Shema just before this time and begin the "Amidah" just afterwards, and praying this way is known as "vatikin". Most "mitzvot" that must be performed during the day (such as the Four Species or "Hallel") should be done after this time "ab initio."
"Sof Zman Kriyat Shema".
"Sof Zman Kriyat Shema" (סוֹף זְמַן קְרִיאַת שְׁמַע) means "end of the time to say the [morning] "Shema"." This is three "halachic" hours into the day. These hours are variable/seasonal hours and refer to one twelfth of the time between daybreak and nightfall (according to the Magen Avraham) "or" one twelfth of the time between sunrise and sunset (according to the Vilna Gaon).
"Sof Zman Tefilah".
"Sof Zman Tefilah" (סוֹף זְמַן תְּפִלָּה) means "end of the time to say the Shacharit Amidah." This is four "halachic" hours into the day. Since the Amidah is only rabbinically required (unlike the Shema which is Scriptually mandated) it is common to rely on the later time (Vilna Gaon), thus only a few calendars publish the earlier time (Magen Avraham).
Midday.
Midday (חֲצוֹת הַיּוֹם, "Chatzot Hayom" or just "Chatzot") means the midpoint between sunrise and sunset, or equivalently between daybreak and sundown. The absolute latest time for the Shacharit Amidah, "ex post facto," is this time. On the Shabbat and on holidays, one is supposed to eat before this time. On Tish'a Ba'av one may sit on a chair at this time, and those who fast on Erev Rosh Hashanah usually eat at this time.
"Mincha Gedolah".
"Minchah Gedolah" (מִנְחָה גְּדוֹלָה, literally the greater "Minchah"), one-half variable hour after midday (6.5 variable hours into the day), is the earliest time to recite "Minchah", although one should try, if possible, to wait until "Minchah Ketanah". On Shabbat, and Jewish holidays, it is preferable to begin "Mussaf" by this time, because otherwise it is questionable whether they would be required to pray the more frequent prayer (Minchah) first.
"Mincha Ketanah".
"Minchah Ketanah" (מִנְחָה קְטַנָּה, literally the smaller [window of praying] Minchah), two and one-half variable hours before sunset, is the preferable earliest time to recite Minchah.
"Plag Hamincha".
"Plag Hamincha" (פְּלַג הַמִּנְחָה, literally half of the Minchah) is the midpoint between "Minchah Ketanah" and sunset, i.e. one and one-quarter variable hours before sunset. If one prayed "Minchah" before this time, one may recite "Maariv" afterwards (at the conclusion of the Sabbath, this may only be done under extenuating circumstances). Otherwise, one must wait until sunset, unless one is praying as a congregation. Furthermore, it is questionable whether an individual may pray maariv after plag hamincha if he doesn't always recite mincha before Plag Hamincha; nevertheless, the Halachic authorities allow one to do so on Friday night.
Sunset.
Sunset (, "Shkiyat Hachamah", often referred to simply as '/'/""), is the time at which the ball of the sun falls below the horizon. The next day of the Hebrew calendar begins at this point (or shortly thereafter, at nightfall) for most purposes.
Some sources indicate that if one ate an additional specified quantity of bread, and a meal eaten now includes the new day's additions in the grace after meals, then they are added. For example, these include "ReTzei" and "YaaLeh V'YaVo" on Shabbat Erev Rosh Chodesh.
"Mitzvot" that must be performed during the day may no longer be performed "ab initio." Minchah should not be delayed past now, although post factum some halachic authorities permit reciting minchah until nightfall. Maariv may be recited now, although many wait until after nightfall.
"Bein Hashemashot".
"Bein Hashemashot" (בֵּין הַשְּׁמָשׁוֹת, literally between the suns) is the period between sunset and nightfall, and is considered a time of questionable status. On the Sabbath, festivals, and fast days the stringencies of both the previous and following days apply. For example, if the fast of Tish'a Ba'av immediately follows the Sabbath, the intervening "Bein Hashemashot" is forbidden in eating, drinking, "and" working. However, there are occasional leniencies.
Nightfall.
Nightfall (צֵאת הַכּוֹֹכָבִים, "Tzet Hakochavim") is described in detail above. After nightfall, it is considered definitely the following day. All restrictions of the previous day go away, and any Mitzvot that must be performed at night (such as the evening "Shema", the Seder, or "Bedikat Chametz") may be performed.
There is a mitzvah to add some additional time to one's Shabbat observance after nightfall ("tosefet shabbat"), and thus published times for the end of Shabbat may be a few minutes later than the time calculated (according to whatever opinion) for nightfall. 
Midnight.
Midnight (חֲצוֹת הַלַּילָה, "Chatzot Halailah" or just "Chatzot") is the midpoint between nightfall and daybreak, or equivalently between sunset and sunrise. The evening Shema should be recited by now, and the Afikoman on Passover should be eaten by this time. The Talmud in Berachot rules that all "night" mitzvot should be performed by "Chatzot," at least "ab initio," in case the person would otherwise fall asleep and then fail to perform the mitzvot. Some rise at this time and recite "Tikkun Chatzot", a series of supplications for the rebuilding of the Temple.
Other zmanim.
On the Eve of Passover, "chametz" may not be eaten after four variable hours, and must be burned before five variable hours.
The "Mussaf" prayer should preferably be recited before seven variable hours, on days it is recited.

</doc>
<doc id="6938479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938479" title="Grand council">
Grand council



</doc>
<doc id="6938480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938480" title="Zemanim">
Zemanim



</doc>
<doc id="6938487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938487" title="Shakin' with the Money Man">
Shakin' with the Money Man

Shakin' with the Money Man is a 1997 album by Eddie Money.
Personnel.
Musicians tracks 1–4:
Eddie Money (lead vocals)
Ronnie Spector (guest vocals on track 4)
Curt Cuomo (backing vocals on track 1, 2, 4)
Kim Bullard (keyboards on track 3)
Richie Zito (guitars on track 1, 2, 4)
Tommy Girvin (guitars/background vocals on track 1, 2 / backing vocals on track 4)
Arther Burrows (bass and keyboards on track 1, 2, 4)
Mark Harris (bass on track 3)
Matt Laug (drums on track 1, 2)
Kenny Aronoff (drums on track 3)
Mike Beard (drums on track 4)
Bill Mason (B-3 on track 1, 2)
Band line-up tracks 5–14:
Eddie Money (lead vocals)
Tommy Girvin (lead guitars)
Bill Mason (keyboards)
Trent Strow (bass)
John Snider (drums)
Bobby Levine (percussion)
Dean Mitchell (rhythm guitar)
NOTES:
Track 1, 2; Produced by Richie Zito, Curt Cuomo and Eddie Money.
Track 3; Produced by Kim Bullard, Curt Cuomo and Eddie Money.
Track 4; Produced by Richie Zito.
Track 5–14; Recorded Live At The Galaxy Theatre July 30 and 31, 1997.
Produced by Curt Cuomo and Eddie Money.
Live album by Eddie Money which includes 4 new studio-tracks.
"If We Ever Get Out Of This Place" written by Paul Stanley, Curt Cuomo, Eddie Money and Tommy Girvin. This song is a re-written version of "If We Ever", which appeared on both Stan Bush albums "Higher Than Angels" and "The Child Within".

</doc>
<doc id="6938488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938488" title="Yellow dog democrat">
Yellow dog democrat



</doc>
<doc id="6938492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938492" title="Wgasa Bush Line">
Wgasa Bush Line



</doc>
<doc id="6938493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938493" title="Winston Spencer-Churchill">
Winston Spencer-Churchill



</doc>
<doc id="6938498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938498" title="Uncinate process of pancreas">
Uncinate process of pancreas

The uncinate process is a small part of the pancreas. The uncinate process is the formed prolongation of the angle of junction of the lower and left lateral borders in the head of the pancreas. The word "uncinate" comes from the Latin "uncinatus", meaning "hooked".
Structure.
Development.
The pancreas arises as two separate bodies, the dorsal pancreas and the ventral pancreas. The dorsal pancreas appears first, at around day 26, opposite the developing hepatic duct, and grows into the dorsal mesentery. The ventral pancreas develops at the junction of the hepatic duct and the rest of the foregut.
During development, differential growth of the wall of the stomach causes it to rotate to the left, and the liver and stomach undergo a lot of growth. This makes the two parts of the pancreas rotate around the duodenum. They then fuse; the dorsal pancreatic bud becomes the body, tail, and isthmus of the pancreas. The isthmus (also called the central pancreas) is the region of the gland that runs anterior to the superior mesenteric artery; by convention, it divides the right and left sides of the pancreas.
The ventral pancreatic bud forms the pancreatic head and uncinate process. The glands continue to develop but the duct systems anastomose. The main pancreatic duct is formed by the fusion of the dorsal and ventral pancreas.
The embryology also explains the strange zig-zag course of the main pancreatic duct and the occasional appearance of an accessory pancreatic duct.
The uncinate process, unlike the remainder of the organ, passes posteriorly to the superior mesenteric vein (it can pass posteriorly to the superior mesenteric artery, but this is less common).
Clinical significance.
Sometimes the pancreas fails to develop normally and there may be congenital defects associated with the uncinate process. The uncinate process may split and encircle the duodenum, which is known as an annular pancreas. There is also a common condition called pancreas divisum where the dorsal and ventral pancreas do not fuse properly.

</doc>
<doc id="6938502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938502" title="Operation Ketsu-Go">
Operation Ketsu-Go



</doc>
<doc id="6938503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938503" title="Ready Eddie">
Ready Eddie

Ready Eddie is Eddie Money's tenth studio album, released in 1999. It was his final album of original material to be released before his death in 2019.
Background.
"Ready Eddie" was Money's first and only studio album for the American independent record label CMC International. During its recording, the album's budget was exceeded by $56,000, which came from Money's own pocket after CMC refused to pay it. In a 1999 interview with the "San Francisco Examiner", Money said about "Ready Eddie", "I think it's a really good record. I just wanted to get back into the world of rock. The last studio album I made was "Love and Money", which was mostly a romantic album." He told the "Tucson Citizen" that CMC "wanted a hard-rock, bang-your-head-to-the-wall album" and picked "So Cold Tonight", "Broken Down Chevy", "Can't Go On" and "Turn the Light Off" as his favorite tracks. However, Money was not happy with the entire album and felt he made a concession by including two tracks, "Ready to Rock" and "It's Gotta Be Love", which CMC wanted on there. He considered "Ready to Rock" to be "so mundane and so '80s" and was even more resentful of "It's Gotta Be Love", telling the "Tucson Citizen", "I hate the song, with those stupid, sissy choruses. I wrote the verse and the B-section and I said to CMC, 'Look, the song's not ready. Why don't you just let me save the song for the next record and I'll write a great chorus.' But no."
Release.
"Ready Eddie" was released in the US by CMC International on May 18, 1999. "Don't Say No Tonight" was issued as a single from the album. It achieved radio play in the US and reached a peak of number 40 on the "Radio &amp; Records" Rock Top 50 airplay chart in June 1999.
Critical reception.
Critical reviews were mixed to positive, generally describing the album as formulaic but well-made.
Upon its release, Walter Pierce of "The Daily Advertiser" commented, "If you're a fan, you'll get what you deserve: a solid set of pop rockers and rocking ballads that are très Eddie. It's good to see one of the last few demigods from the album-rock firmament still chugging away." Charles Schroeder of "The Press of Atlantic City" concluded, "Money doesn't always make the most consequential music, but every few years he shows us again he has an ear for likable, listenable rock 'n' roll. He does it again, and rather well, on "Ready Eddie"." Steve Jenkinson of the "Nanaimo Daily News" called it a "heavy offering of riff-laden meat and potatoes rock that deviates little from a well-travelled path sprinkled with hits" and added, "Money is nothing, if not consistent. His past hits have a comfortable familiarity that is continued here." Darryl Sterdan of "The Winnipeg Sun" stated it "pretty much sounds like any of his old records", with Money's "sandpaper rasp as scruffy as ever, and his roster of '70s-style air guitar rockers and Bic-lighter ballads as slick as ever".
John Wooley of "Tulsa World" believed Money sounded "just as unremarkable but alarmingly catchy as he's ever been". He felt the songs were "so predictable you'll be able to sing along with them on first listen" and the lyrics a "veritable smörgåsbord of rock's most tired clichés", but concluded, "Still, for those still titillated by the fast cars and busty babes pictured on the cover, there are plenty of tickets to paradise here." James Muretich of the "Calgary Herald" noted Money's music was the "same as it ever was" and summarised, "As an unintentional comic pastiche of a past rock era, this is the Spinal Tap of retro rock." Ted Shaw of "The Windsor Star" was negative in his review, calling it an "undistinguished collection of rock tunes" and a "stuck-in-the-'70s release with songs about fast cars and love on the run". He continued, "This arena-sized rock was largely a waste of time 20 years ago; it doesn't sound much better now. Money keeps going back to the same well long after it went bone-dry." John Terlesky III of "The Morning Call" noted, "Party-metal rockers vie with Bic lighter ballads for the title of 'Most Accurate Throwback to the '80s,' but nobody really wins here, especially the listener who welcomed the demise of that aesthetically displeasing decade."
Personnel.
Musicians
Backing vocals

</doc>
<doc id="6938508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938508" title="Sciurus aestuans">
Sciurus aestuans



</doc>
<doc id="6938512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938512" title="Amphisbaena (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Amphisbaena (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)



</doc>
<doc id="6938517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938517" title="Complete Eddie Money Live">
Complete Eddie Money Live



</doc>
<doc id="6938520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938520" title="Spiderman Blue">
Spiderman Blue



</doc>
<doc id="6938524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938524" title="Aluminum wiring">
Aluminum wiring



</doc>
<doc id="6938530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938530" title="Aluminium wiring">
Aluminium wiring



</doc>
<doc id="6938531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938531" title="Pale Cocoon">
Pale Cocoon

 is a one-off OVA anime written and directed by Yasuhiro Yoshiura, and released on 18 January 2006.
Overview.
Setting.
It has been many years since a group of humans retreated to an artificial colony below the planet's surface. An unspecified ecological disaster has left the surface largely uninhabitable, plagued by apparent pollution, cold from receiving little light and largely absent of signs of life. Much of recorded history before the move has been forgotten, despite the numerous advances in technology. The last remaining information lies in a vast archive of data, much of it in corrupted formats. Determined to recover this precious information, the "Archive Excavation Department" works specifically to restore as much of it as possible. Long ago, the department used to be excited and full of energy. Now, some feel that knowledge of the lost past can bring only sadness.
Ura, a particularly motivated member of the department, works long hours to recover history. Riko has lost her passion and desire to know the past. One day Ura comes across a record that, once decoded, completely changes the way he sees his world.
Plot.
Humans are living in an underground colony which is the only place where they can live now. Ura, a member of "Archive Excavation Department" is a person who does his job to lengths more than required. He does extra analysis than his job of restoration of records of the lost world. He is quite intrigued by the images that he gets from the records and stores some of them, a lot with green, which he wishes was there somewhere. A co-worker of his passes the records for restoration to him and once even tells him that they should probably leave their jobs.
Riko, a member of Analysis department, spends time after her work lying at a place connecting to stairs that seem going infinitely upward in darkness. Ura meets Riko often at this place. Ura receives a record to be restored, which contains audio to his excitement. He passes a simple restored copy to Riko who says she cannot make anything out of it. Both of them see a girl sitting on stairs saying something with a book in her hands surrounded by bookshelves. Both of them think what a book is to which Riko tells him that it was way of preserving and passing information in the past. They think then the place must be a record preserving place.
Later Ura meets Riko at her usual place where she tells him that initially people used to live at the upper levels of the colony which had no maintenance or support systems. Later even when people regarded to the upper levels as inhabitable some still continued to live there and her grandmother was one of them. She used to tell her of the green lands of the world lost. She fell one day from that upper level down to the place she is laying now. Ura thinks what she might be looking to when she fell down. Riko says that the records should never have been excavated as it shows only the stupidity of humans and there is only sadness which better forgotten to which Ura says he understands and accepts what she is saying though he wishes that it was wrong. He wishes that even a small patch of place of green is existing somewhere on the surface and says maybe the world can be restored if they knew more about the world of the past.
Later Riko does not come to work for somedays. Ura's co-worker tells him that and also tells him that he is quitting from his job. At this point the record which is being completely restored is seen by Ura, where the girl Yoko Yamaguchi is singing a song with a book in her hands about hope. Ura drops a digital book (something of that kind) from the stairs to the place where Riko is lying. Riko sees the book which shows the restoring record where Yoko Yamaguchi is singing. Ura gets onto an elevator where he is shown forcing himself onto the top of an elevator using a torchlight. Riko comes to his office cube where the record is being restored and sees the video of Yoko Yamaguchi singing. The elevator breaks while moving up and stops at the top where Ura sees what seems like the bottom part of a space shuttle. The entire place is enclosed in a transparent enclosure. He is standing a little above what seems like clouds. Meanwhile, Riko sees the entire song after which the record recovery completes. After the song is a small video in which Yoko Yamaguchi addresses to viewers on Earth in a live telecast of the past. This is the part which Ura has not obviously seen. She tells them she has arrived to the first colony on Moon called the Sea of Tranquility a week before and it is much more comfortable than what she had initially imagined. When looked from there all she sees is rust colored Earth. She tells them not to lose hope for the people still waiting on the Immigration Ships. At the end of the video she tells them to pray for the mother star (referring to the Sun) to wake from her slumber and for the dawn to come again, and for the people down there, for Yoko and Pale Cocoon (referring as an analogy to the Moon). Ura looks at Earth from there which appears blue and says "It's blue", at which point the anime ends.

</doc>
<doc id="6938533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938533" title="Marvin Gordon">
Marvin Gordon



</doc>
<doc id="6938534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938534" title="Touro synagogue">
Touro synagogue



</doc>
<doc id="6938540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938540" title="Theo Keating">
Theo Keating

Theo Keating, also known as Fake Blood and Touché, is an English DJ, musician and music producer who made his name as one half of the Wiseguys, a British hip hop/big beat group, together with Paul Eve. Some of their best-known songs are "Start the Commotion" and "Ooh La La" (not to be confused with the Goldfrapp song of the same name), which were used in commercials for Mitsubishi and Budweiser, respectively. Keating's current project is a duo called the Black Ghosts where he performs with Simon William Lord, formerly a founding member of rock band Simian.
Keating is also a popular house and electro DJ and producer, under the name Fake Blood. He has released several successful productions and remixes as Fake Blood, including his 2009 release "I Think I Like It". In 2009, Fake Blood featured on an episode of BBC Radio 1's "Essential Mix".
In May 2012, Fake Blood announced plans on his Facebook page about a new 3-track EP. Later, in July 2012, he stated that the album "Cells" would be released in the autumn. It featured brand new tracks and its first single, "Yes/No" was released in August as an EP, followed up by the second single "All in the Blink" later in the year.
The full-length album "Cells" was officially released in September 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6938545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938545" title="The 50 Greatest Jewish Movies">
The 50 Greatest Jewish Movies

The 50 Greatest Jewish Movies: A Critic's Ranking of the Very Best was a 1998 book published by Kathryn Bernheimer. Bernheimer ranked the "top 50" films dealing with Jewish topics.
Selections.
The top three films were, in descending order, "The Chosen", "Fiddler on the Roof" and "Schindler's List".
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6938549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938549" title="Curb Your Enthusiasm Episode Guide">
Curb Your Enthusiasm Episode Guide



</doc>
<doc id="6938550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938550" title="Zebra Danio">
Zebra Danio



</doc>
<doc id="6938556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938556" title="James Boyd, 2nd Lord Boyd">
James Boyd, 2nd Lord Boyd

James Boyd 2nd Lord Boyd (c. 1469–1484) was a Scottish peer. He was the grandson and heir of Robert Boyd, 1st Lord Boyd. His parents were Thomas Boyd, Earl of Arran, and Mary, eldest daughter of King James II. His father Thomas was the eldest son of the 1st Lord Boyd, but died in about 1472 while his father still lived.
In 1482, on the death of his grandfather, although a minor, James became the titular head of the Boyd family. James was restored to his lands on 14 October 1482, but has been generally supposed by Peerage writers not to have been restored to his honours. He was however sasine of various lands, on three different dates in October 1482, as James Lord Boyd, and was witness to a charter on January 1484 under the same designation. Nevertheless, he was killed in a feud with Hugh Montgomery of Eglintoun in 1484, when he must have been under sixteen. According to Boyd of Trochrig, "in ipso adolescentis flore periit inimicorum insidiis circumventus" (In the very young flower cut off, the enemy plots). James was unmarried, and on his death, Kilmarnock reverted to the Crown.

</doc>
<doc id="6938558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938558" title="Tad Pacholczyk">
Tad Pacholczyk



</doc>
<doc id="6938563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938563" title="Disculpa los malos pensamientos">
Disculpa los malos pensamientos

"Disculpa los malos pensamientos" () is a rock song by the Mexican band Panda. It was released in March 2006 as the third single from the band's third album, "Para ti con desprecio". The song talks about the anger and bad thoughts that are caused by a girl's actions. The song reached the MTV "TRL" in Latin America, known as "Los 10+ Pedidos", where it peaked at number one.
It also topped Los 100+ Pedidos del 2006.
The song was written by José Madero, the vocalist of the band.
Music video.
The music video for the song debuted on March 4, 2006 on MTV Latin America in Mexico and South America. It was shot by Rodrigo Guardiola.
The video starts with the vocalist of Panda, José Madero, who arrives to his girlfriend's house (played by Mariana Quintanilla). She is carried by him throughout the video because she is appeared to be dead. Once inside the house, they have a dinner (during which he proposes to her) with her parents, who don't seem to notice she is dead. The parents also act like zombies maybe ignoring the reality of the situation. 
In reality, Mariana Quintanilla (the actress in the video) is the ex-girlfriend of the bassist, Ricardo Treviño.
The video was shot in an old and dirty house in Monterrey, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="6938565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938565" title="Phạm Thị Mai Phương">
Phạm Thị Mai Phương

Phạm Thị Mai Phương (born 1985) is a Vietnamese beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss World Vietnam 2002. She was the first Miss Vietnam to enter the Miss World competition in 2002, where she placed in the top 20. In 2003, she was accepted into the University of Luton where she studied business. She was married in Vietnam in 2007.
Miss Vietnam 2002.
The winner: Phạm Thị Mai Phương (Hải Phòng)
Miss World 2002.
Pham Thi Mai Phuong competed in Miss World 2002 in Alexandra Palace, London, UK. She ended up as a top 20 semi-finalist. Miss Turkey Azra Akın won the crown.

</doc>
<doc id="6938568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938568" title="Telescope octopus">
Telescope octopus

The telescope octopus (Amphitretus pelagicus) is a species of pelagic octopus found in tropical and subtropical regions of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.
It is transparent, almost colorless, and has 8 arms, all of the same size.
It is the only octopus to have tubular eyes, which is the reason it is commonly referred to as telescope octopus.

</doc>
<doc id="6938573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938573" title="Amphitretus pelagicus">
Amphitretus pelagicus



</doc>
<doc id="6938574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938574" title="Rocca">
Rocca

Rocca may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6938576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938576" title="Club Magazine">
Club Magazine



</doc>
<doc id="6938577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938577" title="Justin Young (singer, born 1978)">
Justin Young (singer, born 1978)

Justin Kawika Young (born August 7, 1978) is an American singer on the contemporary Hawaiian music scene.
Young toured with singer and then-fiancée Colbie Caillat, as lead guitarist and backup singer of the band Gone West. He also opened for Cassadee Pope of Hey Monday during her first solo acoustic tour in early 2012.
Music career.
After winning first place in a songwriting contest in 1995, Young was given the opportunity to record a local album in Hawaii. Young played keyboards, guitar, and ukulele, and wrote six of the ten songs on the record.
In March 1996, Young's debut album, "No Better Time Than Now", released at number three at Tower Records for Hawaiian albums and remained in the top ten for six weeks. Three of Young's original songs were released, and each spent several weeks as one of the five most requested songs of the day on local radio stations. While promoting his album, Young performed throughout Hawaii, including a performance at the Waikiki Shell in front of thousands while opening for the national reggae group, Big Mountain.
In September 1997, Young released "Soothe You". The album produced four number one radio hits in Hawaii. At the end of the year Young was picked by one radio station as the number one new artist of 1997. He also received three Hawaiian Music Awards including Best Performance By A Rhythm &amp; Blues Artist, New Artist of the Year, and Honorable Recognition for his version of the classic song "Crazy Love".
Young's third album, "My Eyes Adore You", released in 1998, includes an acoustic ballad called "Was It Loneliness", and a Hawaiian falsetto song inspired by his home called "E Kailua E". In addition, the album includes a cover of John Denver's "Leaving On A Jet Plane", new lyrics to Frankie Vallie's classic "My Eyes Adore You", and a collaboration with local recording group Pure Heart.
Between 2000 and 2003, Young released five more albums: "Justin &amp; Friends Collection", "Y2J", "The Dreaming Kind", "Postcard", and "One Foot on Sand".
Young performed the national anthem at the White House 2011 Easter Egg Roll with Colbie Caillat. Young's mother, Jan Young, the principal of the American School Riyadh, traveled to watch the performance. Caillat and Young are strong supporters of the group Farm Sanctuary.
On January 10, 2012, Young announced via his Facebook page that he would be opening for Cassadee Pope of Hey Monday for part of her first solo acoustic tour in early 2012. They also introduced a song they co-wrote, titled "Lunatic". During the Summer of 2012, Justin Young joined Colbie Caillat and Gavin DeGraw as a special guest on DeGraw's national tour.
Personal life.
Young dated Colbie Caillat from 2009 to 2020. At a show in Aspen, Colorado, in September 2014, Caillat sang "Lucky" with Young and then told the audience that the couple had just celebrated their five-year anniversary. The two were engaged in May 2015. On April 2, 2020, Young and Caillat announced the end of their engagement and 10-year relationship.
Discography.
Back to the Blue (2022)

</doc>
<doc id="6938579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938579" title="Annie on my Mind">
Annie on my Mind



</doc>
<doc id="6938585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938585" title="Peanut butter sandwich">
Peanut butter sandwich

A peanut butter sandwich is a sandwich prepared by spreading peanut butter between sliced bread. They were originally considered a health-food for the upper class in the early-20th-century United States. The advent of mass-produced peanut butter in the 1920s made them more across the country. Many fillings are added along with peanut butter, including bacon, lettuce, mayo, and pickles.

</doc>
<doc id="6938589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938589" title="Joe tereshinski">
Joe tereshinski



</doc>
<doc id="6938595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938595" title="Front Mission 5">
Front Mission 5



</doc>
<doc id="6938600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938600" title="Octocon">
Octocon

Octocon, the National Irish Science Fiction Convention, first held in 1989, is held (almost) annually in October. It has mostly been staged in Dublin, but for four years was in the university town of Maynooth. It was not held in 2003, and in 2014, when Ireland hosted that year's Eurocon, Shamrokon, in Dublin. It was virtual in 2020 and 2021 due to the Covid pandemic.
History.
Golden Blasters.
The Golden Blasters are the National Irish Science Fiction Awards for short science fiction, fantasy or horror films. Submissions can and have come from anywhere in the world, and the winners are selected by audience vote and a panel of judges.
The awards now include the Golden Blaster, The Silver Blaster and the award for the best script.
In 2018 it was decided to have a "Best of best" award given in place of the usual structure. The overall winner was the 2017 Einstein Rosen short film.
In 2019 the founder of the Golden Blasters, John Vaughan, stepped down from managing the award for reasons of ill health. While a new team was appointed, the Golden Blasters did not appear in the convention's schedule following the pandemic.

</doc>
<doc id="6938606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938606" title="Basona Werana">
Basona Werana

Debre Berhan Zuria or Basona Werana ("Baso and Werana") is a woreda in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. Located at the eastern edge of the Ethiopian highlands in the Semien Shewa Zone, Basona Werana is bordered on the south by Angolalla Tera, on the southwest by the Oromia Region, on the west by Siyadebrina Wayu, on the northwest by Moretna Jiru, on the north by Mojana Wadera, on the northeast by Termaber, and on the east by Ankober. The town and woreda of Debre Berhan is an enclave inside this woreda. Towns in this woreda include Gudoberet.
This woreda was originally named Debre Berhan Zuria ("Greater Debre Berhan"), the name used in the 1994 national census, but it was changed before the Ethiopian Agricultural Sample Survey in October 2001, which used the present name.
The Battle of Segale was fought on 27 October 1916 in this woreda. In this battle, the supporters of Lij Iyasu of Ethiopia were defeated, which secured the outcome of the palace coup the previous month, in which Zewditu had been proclaimed Empress.
Demographics.
Based on the 2007 national census conducted by the Central Statistical Agency of Ethiopia (CSA), this woreda has a total population of 120,930, an increase of 7.81% over the 1994 census, of whom 61,924 are men and 59,006 women; 1,219 or 1.01% are urban inhabitants. With an area of 1,208.17 square kilometers, Basona Werana has a population density of 100.09, which is less than the Zone average of 115.3 persons per square kilometer. A total of 27,753 households were counted in this woreda, resulting in an average of 4.36 persons to a household, and 26,918 housing units. The majority of the inhabitants practiced Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 99.93% reporting that as their religion.
The 1994 national census reported a total population for this woreda of 112,173 in 24,307 households, of whom 56,868 were men and 55,305 were women; the census reported no urban dwellers. The largest ethnic group reported in Basona Werana was the Amhara (99.46%), and Amharic was spoken as a first language by 99.33%. The majority of the inhabitants practiced Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 99.96% reporting that as their religion.

</doc>
<doc id="6938608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938608" title="A.Rich.">
A.Rich.

"(used for author abbreviation, a standard established for citation with botanical names)"

</doc>
<doc id="6938612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938612" title="New York State Route 230">
New York State Route 230

New York State Route 230 (NY 230) is a state highway in the Finger Lakes region of New York in the United States. NY 230 is an east–west highway between the eastern edge of Steuben County to the interior of adjacent Yates County. The western terminus of NY 230 is the community of Keuka in the town of Wayne on the edge of Keuka Lake at NY 54. The eastern terminus is at its junction with NY 14A in the town of Barrington, west of the village of Dundee.
Route description.
NY 230 begins at an intersection with NY 54 in Keuka, a hamlet with the town of Wayne on the eastern shore of Keuka Lake. NY 230 proceeds southbound from NY 54 as a two-lane woods road, bending to the southeast, crossing Keuka Lake Road near the hamlet of Sylvan Beach. The route crosses a creek, and crosses the county line into Schuyler County. In Schuyler County, NY 230 enters the town of Tyrone, passing to the north of Waneta Lake and intersecting with NY 961L and County Route 26 (CR 26; Hammondsport-Wayne Road), which connects NY 230 to the county line (where CR 26 becomes Steuben CR 87). Crossing through the hamlet of Wayne, NY 230 bends northeast, becoming a two-lane rural roadway through Tyrone, crossing the county line once again, now into Yates County. In Yates County, NY 230 enters the town of Barrington.
In Barrington, NY 230 continues northeast, crossing as a two-lane residential street through the hamlet of Crystal Spring. The route returns to its rural background northeast of Crystal Spring, crossing John Green Road and Ray Crosby Road before intersecting with NY 14A in Barrington. NY 230 terminates at this intersection, while NY 14A proceeds eastward towards the village of Dundee.
History.
In 1908, the New York State Legislature created Route 13, an unsigned legislative route extending from Bath to Dundee via modern NY 54, County Routes 87 and 88 (CR 87 and CR 88) in Steuben County, and NY 230. On March 1, 1921, Route 13 was reassigned elsewhere in the state as part of a partial renumbering of New York's legislative route system. NY 230, meanwhile, was assigned in the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York to its current alignment from NY 54A (now NY 54) in Wayne to NY 14A near Dundee. The route was extended eastward along NY 14A and Dundee–Starkey Road to NY 14 east of Dundee , but truncated back to NY 14A west of Dundee in the early 1940s. A short spur connecting NY 230 to CR 87 in Tyrone, formerly part of legislative Route 13, is designated as NY 961L, an unsigned reference route.

</doc>
<doc id="6938627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938627" title="List of sequenced eukaryotic genomes">
List of sequenced eukaryotic genomes

This list of "sequenced" eukaryotic genomes contains all the eukaryotes known to have publicly available complete nuclear and organelle genome sequences that have been sequenced, assembled, annotated and published; draft genomes are not included, nor are organelle-only sequences.
DNA was first sequenced in 1977. The first free-living organism to have its genome completely sequenced was the bacterium "Haemophilus influenzae", in 1995. In 1996 "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" (baker's yeast) was the first eukaryote genome sequence to be released and in 1998 the first genome sequence for a multicellular eukaryote, "Caenorhabditis elegans", was released.
Protists.
Following are the nine earliest sequenced genomes of protists. For a more complete list, see the List of sequenced protist genomes.
Plants.
Following are the five earliest sequenced genomes of plants. For a more complete list, see the List of sequenced plant genomes.
Fungi.
Following are the five earliest sequenced genomes of fungi. For a more complete list, see the List of sequenced fungi genomes.
Animals.
Following are the five earliest sequenced genomes of animals. For a more complete list, see the List of sequenced animal genomes.

</doc>
<doc id="6938631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938631" title="Pwllheli and Llanbedrog Tramway">
Pwllheli and Llanbedrog Tramway

The Pwllheli and Llanbedrog Tramway was a narrow gauge horse tramway on the coast of the Llŷn Peninsula in North West Wales, UK. It was originally constructed to convey building stone from Carreg-y-Defaid to Pwllheli's West End, with a second element to run between Pwllheli town centre and the West End resort on the seafront. The two were later connected, and extended to Llanbedrog in July 1897. The tramway was one of many developed by Solomon Andrews.
History.
The tramway was constructed shortly after Solomon Andrews purchased his land holdings in Pwllheli in 1893. It comprised a 2.5-mile stretch from the Carreg-y-defaid Quarry, southwest of Pwllheli, to West End, for the purposes of carrying stone for the construction of the seawall and The Parade. Construction began in May 1894, and the tramway opened to the quarry in the summer of 1894.
The tramway timetable of 1 August 1896 shows the service from West End starting at 9:00 am, running at 40-minute intervals until 8:20 pm. The fare was 2d () and toast-rack and covered single-deck cars were in service. A horse bus provided a connection between West End and the town.
In the 12 months ending June 1895, 1332 wagon loads of stone were transported from the quarry. Unfortunately a storm in 1896 destroyed much of the line which had been laid along the beach. It was reconstructed further inland and opened shortly afterwards.
In September 1896, Andrews purchased an estate at Llanbedrog, including the large house of Glyn-y-weddw. The tramway was extended to Llanbedrog from July 1897. Glyn-y-weddw was opened as an art gallery and this attracted holiday makers from the West End resort to use the tramway.
By 1909 the service had been reduced considerably, with further reductions in 1911. During the National Eisteddfod held in Pwllheli in 1925, the tramway was packed to capacity.
On 28 October 1927 a storm over the north Wales area drove the sea inland over half a mile along the Embankment Road, and a long section of the tramway between Carreg-y-Defaid and Tyddyn-Caled was swept away. The Andrews' Estate announced that the main section of the tramway would not reopen, although the Cardiff Road section within Pwllheli (between the West End and Ala Road) did run in summer 1928 . The tramway was offered to the local Corporation, but they declined the offer; as funds were not forthcoming for its reconstruction, it never reopened.
Although Kidner gave the gauge as all other sources agree that it was . One car is preserved on a piece of track at Plas Glyn-y-weddw, Llanbedrog, although its gauge is .

</doc>
<doc id="6938635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938635" title="Nguyễn Thị Huyền (Miss Vietnam)">
Nguyễn Thị Huyền (Miss Vietnam)

Nguyễn Thị Huyền (born 1985 in Hải Phòng) was crowned the 9th Miss Vietnam in 2004. At the time she was a student at the Hanoi Press College. She was the second Miss Vietnam to enter the Miss World competition in 2004. She was one of the 15 semi-finalists in the competition. She is pursuing her bachelor of arts (Journalism) at Middlesex University, in London, concentrating in press-branch. 
She got married on 27 May 2007 and her first child was born in December 2007 named Tong Khanh Linh. Her husband's name is Tống Ngọc Trung.
Career.
- From 2000 to 2003: Nguyen Thi Huyen studied at Thai Phien high school in Hai Phong city.
- 2000: Nguyen Thi Huyen won the first runner-up of Miss Sport Vietnam held in Vung Tau city.
- From 2004 to 2005: Nguyen Thi Huyen pass the examination and the Institute of propaganda newspapers (now called the "Academy of Journalism and Communication")
+ In Oct, 2004, she won the title of Miss Vietnam, and win the best skin award in this competition.
+ In Dec, 2004, Nguyen Thi Huyen participate Miss World (Miss World) in Sanya, China, and has entered the list of 15 most beautiful Miss World (15th top) - Miss you on hosts before - China.
- 2005: Nguyen Thi Huyen retain their learning outcomes in Sub-Institute of journalism and propaganda and in May she left Vietnam to UK bachelor of Journalism at the University of Middlesex, London .
- 2009: Nguyen Thi Huyen bachelor's degree in journalism with honors in Middlesex, London, UK. Then she and her daughter returned to Vietnam to live so far.
- From 2009 to 2011: Nguyen Thi Huyen had been worked in VTV4 - International Television of Vietnam Television Station - Vietnam Television. Here she participate to contribute the charity TV program called "Life is Beautiful" for disabilities, its weekly broadcast on VTV4. During this time, she also played as the role of MC in both Vietnamese and English for many shows including domestic and foreign.
- From 2011–present: Nguyen Thi Huyen terminate the employment contract at VTV4, do not participate in the MC role, not to participate and answer press on the media. She focused business and open her own Communication company called "NTH Communication".
- From 2012–present: Nguyen Thi Huyen currently PhD student at the Academy of Journalism and Communication.
- From 2013–present: She also works as the role of researcher at the Institute of Communications Research - Academy of Journalism and Communication.

</doc>
<doc id="6938644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938644" title="Wayne lapierre">
Wayne lapierre



</doc>
<doc id="6938645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938645" title="Omental eminence of pancreas">
Omental eminence of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6938647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938647" title="Boalisk">
Boalisk



</doc>
<doc id="6938648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938648" title="Tuber omentale">
Tuber omentale



</doc>
<doc id="6938649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938649" title="Harold's Cross Stadium">
Harold's Cross Stadium

Harold's Cross Stadium was a greyhound racing stadium in Harold's Cross, Dublin, owned and operated by the Irish Greyhound Board.
Facilities included a grandstand restaurant, carvery, a number of bars, totalisator betting and seating.
Racing took place every Tuesday and Friday evening and race distances were 325, 525, 550, 570, and 750 yards and the feature competitions at the track were the Corn Cuchulainn, the Puppy Derby and the Grand National.
The stadium closed on 13 February 2017 due to the financial constraints of its owner, state greyhound racing body Bord na gCon. Bord na gCon later sold the track to the Department of Education for €23 million in 2018 and apartments have also been built on the site. The proceeds from the sale were proposed be used to help pay a €20.3 million debt incurred from the construction of Limerick Greyhound Stadium.
Football.
The stadium was used over the years by five football teams who were competing in the League of Ireland:
Harold's Cross has hosted a number of notable matches. It staged one League of Ireland Cup Final when Limerick City beat St. Patrick's Athletic 2–0 in the 1992/93 decider, whilst the last League of Ireland match ever played in Harold's Cross was a home match for Galway United. On the final weekend of the 1993/94 season, there was no available pitch in Galway due to persistent torrential rain for their match with Shelbourne so the game was switched to Harold's Cross. Shels won the match 5–2 with Barry O'Connor grabbing a hat-trick.
Speedway.
The stadium was used for speedway racing in 1928.
Greyhound racing.
Origins and opening.
On 13 February 1928 a new Irish company was registered called the Dublin Greyhound and Sports Association Ltd. The nominal capital was £25,000 in shares of £1 and the directors were J.B Fraser a timber merchant, John J Flood (retired public official), Walter Butler (architect), Edward Teehan (gentleman) and John McEntagart (motor engineer). Together they would introduce the second greyhound racing track to Dublin in the form of Harold's Cross close to the centre of Dublin (the first was Shelbourne Park).
It became the third greyhound racing venue in Ireland following Shelbourne Park and Celtic Park in Belfast. The opening night was on 10 April 1928 with the first race scheduled for 8 pm. The Irish Times advertised the fact that there was accommodation for 40,000 people and car parking for 1,000 cars. The Riordan family formed the first management with John superseded by his son John F.
In 1928 Harolds Cross introduced a competition that would become the modern day Irish Greyhound Derby, the race was unofficial because Harolds Cross decided to run this 'National Derby' without consulting the Irish racing fraternity. This was a practice they would continue to do until the formation of classic races in 1932.
Pre-war history.
In 1929 Mick the Miller won the Spring Cup competition here over 525 yards and then finished runner up in the Stayers Cup over 600 yards. The Irish Coursing Club issued a new list of classic races in 1932 and controversy followed because Harolds Cross was given the Oaks and not the Derby. Shelbourne had been given the premier event which did not go down well based on the fact that they had introduced the event. One year later and Harolds Cross were furious that Shelbourne were issued the race again. In a meeting Mr Tynan representing the track, had pointed out that the previous year Paddy O’Donoghue had promised that they could hold the event in 1933. I.C.C chairman John Bruton explained that they could not cancel a ruling by the club already made. Tynan stormed out and Harolds Cross refused to run any classics or their qualifying races and threatened to run their own Irish Championship. Finally in 1934 they were granted permission to run the Derby as long as they contributed a minimum of £100 towards the event. The ICC added a further £50 and it was also agreed that Shelbourne and Harolds Cross would run the competition in alternate years.
The first star of the track was a black bitch called Nanny Goosegog owned by the legendary Arthur Doc Callanan who happened to be the track vet as well in the early days of racing at Harolds Cross. The March 1938 whelp won 37 of her 38 races at the Harolds Cross but because some of these were handicap races the bitch did not set any official records. After 20 consecutive wins she was beaten by Lucky House who received 11 yards, another 17 consecutive victories followed so it is easy to see why she was Dublin's first superstar.
In 1943 the Puppy Derby was inaugurated here. One year later the track became the first in Ireland to introduce automatic starting traps. 'Doc' Callanan had suffered from ill health in 1945 and died aged 51; Harolds Cross introduced a race in his memory called the Callanan Cup.
Post-war history.
Spanish Battleship won the first and last of his Derby titles in 1953 and 1955 respectively and the 1955 edition saw the stadium overwhelmed by crowds attempting to get a look at final.
The Bord na gCon funded a new totalisator system at the track in 1960. The Derby was last run at the track in 1967, when it was won by Russian Gun. Rumours had surfaced that developers might purchase the track so the Irish Greyhound Board acted quickly and bought Harolds Cross in 1970 to quash any future re-development plans.
The Corn Cuchulainn for stayers was another major event introduced to the track in 1961 and in 1977 the track went ahead with considerable improvements that included a new stand, restaurant and other facilities. The 1978 running of the Callanan Cup and Oaks did not take place at the Cross with the latter switching to Shelbourne. Stability followed with established races taking centre stage except for the Oaks which would eventually be held at Shelbourne permanently. George Deegan became Racing Manager as the track raced on Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday nights.
Despite the stadium being in the hands of the Irish Greyhound Board and Racing Manager Deegan providing security with his long tenure the Dublin track was subject once again to rumours in the early nineties. There were strong indications coming from some quarters that Harolds Cross would close to ease the burden of costs on the IGB. Luckily business began to grow after a tough period of trading and the rumours went away. The Grand National had been held here since 2001, the second time the track has hosted the event following the previous spell during the 1930s.
In 2010 Racing Manager Billy Bell decided to join Mullingar Greyhound Stadium as their Racing Manager leaving Harolds Cross looking for a replacement. Coincidentally Derek Frehill (part of the Mullingar management &amp; former RM there) was the one to fill the gap switching paces when Bell left. The trading of places took place after the Puppy Derby final.
Sale.
Towards the end of 2014 the Irish Greyhound Board decided to sell the stadium. It was considered that by doing so the debts of the IGB could be drastically reduced. The idea was to transfer all Dublin operations to Shelbourne Park but the decision did not sit well with those involved with Harolds Cross and many others in Irish racing. Even some at Shelbourne expressed concern that they relied on Harolds Cross as a feeder stadium.
The move was confirmed on 13 February 2017, and all IGB operations have since ceased.
Track records.
At closing
Former

</doc>
<doc id="6938654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938654" title="U. S. marshal">
U. S. marshal



</doc>
<doc id="6938659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938659" title="Samandag">
Samandag



</doc>
<doc id="6938661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938661" title="Samandagh">
Samandagh



</doc>
<doc id="6938663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938663" title="Douglas RB-66">
Douglas RB-66



</doc>
<doc id="6938664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938664" title="Jaffna Hindu College">
Jaffna Hindu College

Jaffna Hindu College (; ; abbreviated as JHC) is a national school in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. It was founded in 1887 by a group of Hindu people who wanted an English language alternative to the Christian missionary schools.
History.
In the late 19th century all the English language schools in the area were run by Christian missionaries. In 1886, Williams Nevins Muthukumaru Sithamparapillai founded "The Native Town High School". The school encountered financial problems and in 1889 it was taken over by Sinnatamby Nagalingam, who re-located it to Vananarponnai. The school was renamed "Nagalingam Town High School". In 1890, the school was handed over to the Jaffna Saiva (Samaya) Paripalana Sabhai. The school was moved to its present site and renamed "The Hindu High School".
Big Match.
JHC play Hindu College Colombo in an annual cricket match known as the "Battle of the Hindus". The first match took place in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="6938672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938672" title="Club International (magazine)">
Club International (magazine)



</doc>
<doc id="6938673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938673" title="Gaining Groudon">
Gaining Groudon



</doc>
<doc id="6938674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938674" title="The Daily Giz Wiz">
The Daily Giz Wiz



</doc>
<doc id="6938675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938675" title="Douglas EB-66">
Douglas EB-66



</doc>
<doc id="6938682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938682" title="Ayane Sakurano">
Ayane Sakurano

 is a Japanese actress, formerly belonging on Takarazuka Revue's Flower Troupe, where she performed as a "musumeyaku" (actress specializing in female roles).
Background.
Sakurano is from Tsuyama. She made her debut in the revue in 2002, and, in 2006, became the first of her class to attain the status of top star. She was the third and the last top star partner of Sumire Haruno. She was the most senior among the five "musumeyaku" top stars.

</doc>
<doc id="6938685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938685" title="Tim Low">
Tim Low

Tim Low (born 1956), is an Australian biologist and author of books and articles on nature and conservation. 
Early life.
Low became interested in reptiles as a teenager, regularly visiting the Queensland Museum after school to study the lizard collections under the guidance of then-curator Jeanette Covacevich. He contributed to the discovery of several new lizard species, collected on travels around Queensland. He described the chain-backed dtella ("Gehyra catenata") and had the dwarf litter-skink ("Menetia timlowi") named after him. It was later renamed "Pygmaeascincus timlowi".
Career.
Low worked part-time at the Queensland Museum as an interpretation officer before developing a career as an independent environmental consultant and writer. For twenty years, he wrote a column in "Nature Australia" magazine. For two years (2013–2015), Low was co-editor of "Wildlife Australia" magazine. For two years, he wrote the Wild Journey blog for "Australian Geographic" and contributed many articles to the magazine. He co-authored a 2023 report that reviewed the causes of Australia's modern extinctions. 
His report, "Climate Change and Queensland Biodiversity", was announced in Queensland parliament by environment minister Kate Jones in June 2011. In that year, Low traveled to Europe and Alaska to study climate change under the Churchill Fellowship. Low also ran a workshop in Canberra, writing up a report titled "Climate Change and Invasive Species". He has written journal articles that caution about the weed threats posed by biofuel crops, agroforestry trees, and pasture plants.
Low lives in Brisbane. He was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in the 2024 King's Birthday Honours for "significant service to conservation, and environmental education and awareness".
Publications.
His seventh book, "Where Song Began: Australia's Birds and How They Changed the World", tells the story of Australia as a land of aggressive birds that gave the world its songbirds and parrots. Published in Australia by Penguin and internationally by Yale University Press, it won the Australian Book Industry Awards prize for best General Non-Fiction in 2015 and People's Choice at the Victorian Premier's Literary Awards. It was also shortlisted for the NSW Premier's History Awards.
"The New Nature: Winners and Losers in Wild Australia" (2002) explains that some native species benefit from human impacts, sometimes going on to cause environmental problems. It won the inaugural Waverley Library Award for Literature, now called the Nib Literary Award, and received a special mention at the Centre for Australian Cultural Studies National Awards. Because of this book, Low was invited to serve on the advisory committee (Biological Diversity Advisory Committee) of then-environment minister, Senator Ian Campbell.
"Feral Future: The Untold Story of Australia's Exotic Invaders" (1999) surveyed the problems caused by invasive species. It was republished by the University of Chicago Press. An extract was read out in the Australian Senate. Low appeared in a TV New Zealand episode of "Assignment" named after the book. "Feral Future" inspired the formation of an NGO, the Invasive Species Council. Low had spoken about its formation at the 18th Global Biodiversity Forum in Mexico in 2001.
His four earlier books helped popularise Australian bush tucker. Four of his books have won national prizes.
He has written chapters and sections for many books.

</doc>
<doc id="6938688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938688" title="Anterior surface">
Anterior surface

The Anterior surface can refer (among other things) the following:

</doc>
<doc id="6938700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938700" title="Camilla Rosemary Shand">
Camilla Rosemary Shand



</doc>
<doc id="6938701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938701" title="Cormac mac Art (disambiguation)">
Cormac mac Art (disambiguation)

The name Cormac Mac Art can refer to one of several people, either real, legendary, or fictional:

</doc>
<doc id="6938702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938702" title="Monroe County Sheriff's Office (New York)">
Monroe County Sheriff's Office (New York)



</doc>
<doc id="6938704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938704" title="This WEEK in MEDIA">
This WEEK in MEDIA



</doc>
<doc id="6938708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938708" title="Sole Custody">
Sole Custody



</doc>
<doc id="6938710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938710" title="John P. Anton">
John P. Anton

John P. Anton (; November 2, 1920 – December 10, 2014) was a philosopher who was the Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Greek Philosophy and Culture at the University of South Florida. He was Corresponding Member of the Academy of Athens, Honorary Member of the Parnassos Literary Society, Honorary Member Phi Beta Kappa and a member of the Florida Philosophical Association. He received four Honorary Doctorates from: the University of Athens, the University of Patras, the University of Ioannina and the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki. His areas of specialization were classical Greek philosophy, History of Philosophy, American Philosophy, Philosophy of Art, and Metaphysics.
He studied at Columbia University and earned his B.S, M.A. and Ph.D. in Philosophy, his mentors including John Herman Randall Jr.. In 1973 he was one of the signers of the Humanist Manifesto II.
Anton authored ten books and edited eighteen books, among them "Essays in Ancient Greek Philosophy" (with A. Preus, five volumes, SUNY Press). He was the editor of the autobiographical work titled "Upward Panic" by Eva Palmer-Sikelianos. Anton was the Editor of the "Twayne Series" in the late 1980s and early edited Constantine Santas' "Aristotelis Valaoritis" in 1976, which was translated into Greek in 2012 by Fagottoe Books.

</doc>
<doc id="6938716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938716" title="1994 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1994 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1994 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1994, to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. The contest featured two politicians from the Upstate and David Beasley narrowly defeated Nick Theodore to become the 113th governor of South Carolina.
Democratic primary.
The South Carolina Democratic Party held their primary for governor on August 9, 1994. Lieutenant Governor Nick Theodore, from the Upstate, emerged as the winner of the runoff election on August 23 against popular Charleston mayor Joseph P. (Joe) Riley Jr. and the three-term Attorney General of South Carolina, Thomas T. Medlock.
Republican primary.
The South Carolina Republican Party held their primary on August 9, 1994, and the contest featured state representative David Beasley from the Upstate against two Lowcountry politicians. Beasley cruised to victory and benefited from the campaign of popular Charleston mayor Joe Riley for the Democratic nomination by drawing Lowcountry voters away from the Republican primary and towards the Democratic primary.
General election.
Results.
The general election was held on November 8, 1994, and David Beasley was elected as the next governor of South Carolina in the closest election percentage wise since the disputed election of 1876. Turnout was higher than the previous gubernatorial election because of the competitive nature of the race between the two parties.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6938734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938734" title="Zheng Junli">
Zheng Junli

Zheng Junli (December 6, 1911 – April 23, 1969) was a Chinese actor and director born in Shanghai and who rose to prominence in the golden age of Chinese Cinema. His films "The Spring River Flows East" and "Crows and Sparrows" are widely considered classics of Chinese cinema. He was severely persecuted during the Cultural Revolution and died in prison.
Republic of China.
Zheng was born into a poor family of Cantonese fruit-sellers in Shanghai. At early ages, he showed great interest in reading and art performing. In 1928, he entered the Nanguo she drama school to study under Tian Han and Ouyang Yuqian, who were progressive dramatists.
During the 1930s, Zheng was an actor under contract with Lianhua Film Company. While with Lianhua, he played a number of roles, notably as the love-interest Yu Haichou in the film "New Women" opposite Ruan Lingyu. By the mid-1930s, he was one of the biggest stars in Shanghai film.
Zheng's 1941 film "Long Live the Nations" ("Minzu wansui") was the first Chinese propaganda film aimed at developing solidarity among the ethnic minorities living in China's border regions. The film was produced through the Kuomintang-controlled China Motion Picture Studio.
After the Sino-Japanese War Zheng began to focus his efforts on directing, most notably with "The Spring River Flows East" (co-directed with Cai Chusheng) (1947) and his anti-Kuomintang polemic "Crows and Sparrows" (1948). In 1957, the latter was awarded Excellent Movie Award first-class (1949-1955) by the Minister of Culture of the PRC.
People's Republic of China.
Zheng welcomed the establishment of the new government of Chinese Communist Party (CCP). As a left-wing director, he was at first one of the beneficiaries. He moved his family from a dilapidated dormitory in Kunlun Studio to the best residential area in Shanghai, opposite the house of Soong Ching-ling.
At 2nd meeting of 7th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party, Mao Zedong mentioned some issues of CCP cadres after entering the cities. Zheng immediately followed the directive and made the movie "The Married Couple" (), starring Zhao Dan and Jiang Tianliu. It told a story of a CCP cadre ditching his original wife in his village in order to marry a girl in the city, showing his failure to resist the temptation of "sugar-coated bullet". This movie was banned even before the public release.
Zheng was a member of Art Commission of Shanghai Film Studio and used to support the making of "The Life of Wu Xun". This movie was severely excoriated by CCP authority and Zheng felt guilty about that. His former production, "The Married Couple", was also criticized at this time, which exerted great pressure on the director.
In order to criticize "The Life of Wu Xun", Jiang Qing and her followers went to Shandong to do research. They found another historical figure, Song Jingshi, a peasant uprising leader of the "Black Flag Army". They thus erected Song and Black Flag Army as revolutionary examples to further denounce Wu Xun. However, a dilemma was encountered by Zheng and Sun Yu during the writing of the script. In the real history, Song Jingshi eventually surrendered to Qing Dynasty; but for political purpose, Song had to be depicted as a determined revolutionary. A compromise was finally reached with Song's surrender being shown as a mere tactical move in the film. Due to the critical stance of "The Life of Wu Xun", Shanghai Film Studio hoped "Song Jingshi" would redeem its "political mistakes". The then vice director of the movie bureau, Cui Wei, even acted as Song Jingshi himself; other famed actors and actresses were all willing to perform minor supporting roles. But Song being shown as surrendering to the Qing authority in any way was not well-received and the movie was only allowed to be released for a short period after four to five years after its completion. In the end, the film that was meant as an "atonement" got banned.
After continuous lack of success, Zheng's next two biographical pictures on Nie Er and Lin Zexu (both starring Zhao Dan) won wide acclaim, and alleviated his feeling of guilt.
Zheng was severely persecuted during the Cultural Revolution, and died in prison in 1969.
He was a delegate to Shanghai municipal People's Congress, a member of 3rd and 4th CPPCC, a councilman of China Film Association, China Playwrights Association and Shanghai Film Association.
Film theory.
Zheng was devoted to translating and writing works on films and plays. So far his published works include "The Birth of a Role" () and "Voice-over" (), among others.
He thought his performance was rigid and not satisfactory. Thus he made great efforts to study performing theories. He first tried to translate "Acting: The First Six Lessons" authored by Richard Boleslavsky. Since he hadn't completed his junior high study, his English was poor. Nevertheless, he was very diligent. He did the translation relying on an English dictionary, and then double-checked the original book using a Russian-English dictionary and corrected any mistakes. After that, his English had greatly improved. He was also the first one who introduced the performing system of Constantin Stanislavski into China. Stanislavski's works were all written in Russian; Zheng thus found an English-Russian and Russian-English dictionary and translated Russian to Chinese through English. His translation of "An Actor Prepares" of Stanislavski, co-authored by Zhang Min, was the first systematic work on art performing in plays in China.
Zheng also authored the book "Art History of World's Movies". At the time when no one in China dared to break ideological shackle and compare films of the western world with ones of the Soviet Union, it was a breakthrough by Zheng to write a chronicle of world films from a universal perspective.

</doc>
<doc id="6938744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938744" title="Sidney Ribaux">
Sidney Ribaux

Sidney Ribaux was the co-founder and executive director of Équiterre, a non-profit organisation based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, promoting fair trade, energy conservation and ecological and socially just choices. Ribaux chaired the Board of Directors until 1998. He was then executive director until 2019 and was involved in the development of Équiterre's strategies and educational projects on fair trade, ecological agriculture, energy efficiency and sustainable transportation.
Biography.
From 1996 to 2003, Ribaux's passion for urban planning also led him to chair the Conseil régional de l’environnement de Montreal, a group of 100 organizations active in the field of urban ecology. He played an important role in the financial planning of public transportation in Quebec as well as in Canada's ratification of the Kyoto Protocol. While working for the consumer protection group Option consommateurs from 1992 to 1998, he helped set up an energy-efficiency program targeted to low-income families.
In 2007, he received a fellowship from Ashoka, an international organization that recognizes and supports social entrepreneurs. In 2009, he received the first Canadian Award for Environmental Innovation from the Royal Canadian Geographical Society. He is also an honorary fellow of the Royal Canadian Geographical Society.
Ribaux also spearheaded the Centre for Sustainable Development, which is one of the greenest buildings in Canada, as well as a hub for social and environmental groups. Over the years, he has been a member of the UQAM Institute of Environmental Sciences, the Green Communities Canada Association and the Québécois Action Fund for Sustainable Development. He has also authored many papers, reports, articles and documents on energy, transportation, responsible consumption and climate change. He is a frequent lecturer and is regularly interviewed by the media.
Today Ribaux heads the Office of Ecological Transition and Resilience at the City of Montreal whose mandate is to implement the City's ambitious climate plan.

</doc>
<doc id="6938752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938752" title="The Scuffle of Legends">
The Scuffle of Legends



</doc>
<doc id="6938755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938755" title="Alpha Brumage">
Alpha Brumage

Alpha Brumage (March 16, 1880 – March 11, 1963) was an American football player and coach of football, basketball, and baseball.
Early life and playing career.
Brumage was a native of Beloit, Kansas and graduated from Beloit High School. He attended the University of Kansas, where he played college football from 1901 to 1903 as a fullback and captained the 1903 Kansas Jayhawks football team. Brumage also participated in track and field as Kansas, running the hurdles in 1902–03.
Coaching career.
Ottawa (KS).
Brumage was the head football at Ottawa University in Ottawa, Kansas for four seasons, from 1904 to 1907 compiling a record of 14–16–1. Brumage took over the team after a one-year hiatus because the school was attempting to purge professionalism from their college sports teams.
VMI.
After coaching at William Jewell College in Liberty, Missouri and Nebraska State Normal School—now known as Peru State College—Brumage moved to Lexington, Virginia to become the tenth head football coach at the Virginia Military Institute (VMI). He held that position for two seasons, from 1911 until 1912. His career coaching record at VMI was 13–2.
Kentucky.
Brumage then went to Kentucky where he was football coach from 1913 to 1914, compiling an 11–5 record, and basketball coach from 1913 to 1915, compiling a 19–7 record.
Late life and death.
In September 1915, Brumage was appointed as the physical director of the Birmingham Athletic Club in Birmingham, Alabama, and coached the basketball team. During World War I, Brumage attended officer's training school and was promoted to the rank of major in the United States Army. He served in France with the 322nd Field Artillery Regiment of the 83rd Infantry Division.
Brumage retired to San Antonio in the early 1940s. He died there on March 11, 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="6938774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938774" title="Dan Kordic">
Dan Kordic

Daniel Kordic (born April 18, 1971) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played six seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers. Much like his late brother, John, he was primarily known as an enforcer.
Playing career.
Selected 88th overall in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft by the Philadelphia Flyers, Kordic was originally a defenceman. After four years of playing for the Medicine Hat Tigers of the WHL, he turned pro and spent his entire rookie season with the Flyers in 1991–92. In 46 games that year, he amassed 126 penalty minutes. He spent the majority of the next four years playing for the Hershey Bears of the American Hockey League (AHL). Kordic transitioned to left wing before the 1995–96 season due to the Flyers depth on defence and spent the entire 1996–97 and 1997–98 seasons with the Flyers, recording a career high in games played (75 in 1996–97) and penalty minutes (210 two years in a row, leading the team in 1997–98). During the 1996–97 season, Kordic teamed with Daniel Lacroix and Scott Daniels to form "the Dan Line", a rugged fourth line for the Flyers. A serious knee injury ended Kordic's career early after he was limited to 15 games split between the Flyers, the AHL's Philadelphia Phantoms, and the Grand Rapids Griffins of the IHL during the 1998–99 season.
In 197 NHL games, he recorded 4 goals and 8 assists for 12 points, along with 584 penalty minutes and a career plus/minus of −4. He also played in 12 career playoff games (all coming in 1996–97), scoring a goal and recording 22 penalty minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="6938777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938777" title="Michael Uhlmann">
Michael Uhlmann

 
Michael Martin Uhlmann (December 29, 1939 – October 8, 2019) was an American political scientist and high-ranking government official. 
Early life and education.
Uhlmann was born on December 29, 1939, in Washington, D.C. He graduated from The Hill School in 1958. He received his undergraduate degree from Yale University, a Juris Doctor from the University of Virginia School of Law, and a Ph.D. from Claremont Graduate University.
Career.
Government official.
Before beginning his career as an academic, Uhlmann served as Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legislative Affairs during the Ford Administration from 1975 to 1977, and as special assistant to the President during Ronald Reagan’s first term in office. He also spent several years as a partner at the Washington, D.C. office of Pepper Hamilton., where he specialized in federal antitrust, administrative, and environmental law. In 1989, Uhlmann discovered that President George H. W. Bush planned to appoint him to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, and declined the position so that he could prioritize family life.
In 1979, Michael Uhlmann was profiled in "The New York Times" by Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr. for his work as President of the National Legal Center for the Public Interest. In 2002, Uhlmann became a Professor Government at Claremont Graduate University, where his specialty was the American presidency, congressional-executive relations, and the federal judiciary. 
Writings.
Uhlmann was a frequent contributor to the "Claremont Review of Books" with articles like "The Supreme Court v. the Constitution of the United States of America" and "The Right Stuff", a panegyric of the life, writings, and talent of William F. Buckley Jr. Other articles written by Uhlmann appeared in the "Los Angeles Times", "National Review", "The American Spectator", "Washington Times", "Crisis", and "The Human Life Review". His final book was "Last Rights?: Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia Debated". Additionally, his work "The Electoral College: Proven Constitutional Pillar of Freedom" includes his 1970 testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee defending the propriety of the Electoral College and discussing the central role this provision serves in the constitutional structure of the United States.
Academic career.
He was Professor of Government in the Department of Politics and Government at Claremont Graduate University and Claremont McKenna College. Prior to teaching at Claremont, Uhlmann was a senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center, Vice President for Public Policy Research at the Bradley Foundation in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and taught at the Antonin Scalia Law School.
Personal life.
Uhlmann died on October 8, 2019, in Newport Beach, California. He was survived by 5 children and 10 grandchildren. 

</doc>
<doc id="6938779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938779" title="Tapash Baishya">
Tapash Baishya



</doc>
<doc id="6938782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938782" title="Appell set">
Appell set



</doc>
<doc id="6938784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938784" title="Laurence Rochon Owen">
Laurence Rochon Owen



</doc>
<doc id="6938785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938785" title="Men Only (magazine)">
Men Only (magazine)



</doc>
<doc id="6938786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938786" title="King of Fighters 2003">
King of Fighters 2003



</doc>
<doc id="6938789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938789" title="Kathy Vargas">
Kathy Vargas

Kathy Vargas (born June 23, 1950) is an American artist who creates photographs from multiple exposures that she hand colors. She often devotes several works to a particular theme, creating series.
Biography.
Vargas was born in San Antonio, Texas. She was influenced early on by her Catholic faith, her grandmother's ghost stories and her father's retelling of pre-Columbian history.
Vargas has a BFA from the University of Texas at San Antonio in 1981 and in 1984 received her MFA.
Kathy Vargas worked for many years as the Visual Arts Director of the Guadalupe Cultural Arts Center in San Antonio. She currently teaches in the art department at The University of the Incarnate Word in San Antonio, TX. She has lectured throughout the United States and Mexico.
Art.
Kathy Vargas became interested in hand-colored photography around 1970 when she worked for Bill and Jerry Hayes in her hometown at a small production company. She was placed in the animation department and from there learned how to do special effects. Vargas learned dark room work here before she began learning about photography.
At the Southwest Craft Center, Kathy learned rock-and-roll photography from Tom Wright in 1971, which she practiced professionally from 1973 to 1977.
Kathy Vargas began classes at San Antonio College with Mel Casas, a Chicano artist, who invited her to attend a Con Safo art group meeting after seeing some of her photographs. She felt welcome there and loved what the group was doing with art. Kathy gives credit to Casas for opening her eyes and sharing many Chicano and Chicana artists with her. When she began to feel limited, she notified them that it was time for her to create her own art and departed from the Con Safo art group. Vargas wanted to experiment with the medium and create her own photographic style. Vargas joined the group in 1974 and left in 1975.
A few years later, while working on a documentary project about yard shrines in her home town of San Antonio, Texas, she began researching Mexican and pre-Columbian myths and literature, and to produce works based on a photographic 'magic realism' involving layering by multiple exposure and hand colouring (Marshall).
In 1993 she produced a portfolio titled, "Revelaciones", and a year later was published in Nueva Luz photographic journal, volume 4#2 (En Foco, Bronx: 1994)
Her "Este Recuerdo" series (2003) consists of 23 photographs. They are made from between two and four negatives (many shot from old family photographs) and colored with oil paint. According to the artist, her various acts of reframing result in "symbolically entombed" subjects. Vargas utilizes acidic rose and purple colors to reference early color photographs, as well as vintage hand-tinted pictures. As continuing explorations of "death and remembrance," they are intended to be melancholic relics. Vargas believes that Roland Barthes defined the essence of photography in his book "Camera Lucida", written after the death of his mother. Barthes says photography is an entrance "into "flat Death"." Moreover, "the only thought I can have is that at the end of this first death, my own death is inscribed: between the two, nothing more than waiting..."
She is interested in "the anatomy of death and the aftermath of everlasting life." Vargas often uses iconography from Aztec art, along with various other cultural and Christian symbols.
Exhibits.
Solo exhibits:
Group exhibits:

</doc>
<doc id="6938792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938792" title="Jeremy Paul Kagan">
Jeremy Paul Kagan



</doc>
<doc id="6938794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938794" title="Sea Lions">
Sea Lions



</doc>
<doc id="6938795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938795" title="Inflationary universe theory">
Inflationary universe theory



</doc>
<doc id="6938802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938802" title="Inferior surface of pancreas">
Inferior surface of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6938805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938805" title="Hurston/Wright Legacy Award">
Hurston/Wright Legacy Award

The Hurston/Wright Legacy Awards program in the United States honors published Black writers worldwide for literary achievement. Introduced in 2001, the Legacy Award was the first national award presented to Black writers by a national organization of Black writers. It is granted for fiction, nonfiction and poetry, selected in a juried competition.
Each fall, writers and publishers are invited to submit fiction, nonfiction and poetry books published that year. Panels of acclaimed writers serve as judges to select nominees, finalists and winners. A number of merit awards are also presented. Nominees are honored at the Legacy Awards ceremony, held the third Friday in October. The awards ceremony is hosted and organized by the Hurston/Wright Foundation.
Merit awards.
In addition to the Legacy Awards, the Hurston/Wright board of directors may present Merit awards during the annual Legacy Award ceremony.

</doc>
<doc id="6938806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938806" title="Betelguese">
Betelguese



</doc>
<doc id="6938823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938823" title="But I'm a cheerleader">
But I'm a cheerleader



</doc>
<doc id="6938835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938835" title="Sand Hutton Light Railway">
Sand Hutton Light Railway

The Sand Hutton Light Railway was a minimum-gauge estate railway serving the estate of Sir Robert Walker, the Fourth Baronet of Sand Hutton, Yorkshire. It connected the main house with the LNER Warthill Station and the village of Bossall. It replaced the earlier, shorter, gauge Sand Hutton Miniature Railway that was built in 1914.
History.
After the First World War Walker obtained an order under the Light Railways Act 1896, the (SR&amp;O 1920/807), that allowed him to extend the existing Sand Hutton Miniature Railway to to allow the railway to serve as the primary transportation system for the estate and link it to the North Eastern Railway (NER) at Warthill. Construction of the extension was nearing completion by the end of 1920 when it became clear that more substantial rolling stock would be required for the line to fulfill its purpose.
In December 1920 the British government put up for sale the gauge railway at the Deptford Meat Depot. The depot had been established by the Corporation of London shortly before 1900 and had a standard-gauge connection to the LB&amp;SCR as well as an internal gauge tramway system. Around 1916 the army took over the running of the depot as a strategic supply for the war effort and introduced steam locomotives to work the narrow-gauge tramway. After the end of the war, the depot was surplus to requirements and the entire system was bought by Walker, who realised that the substantially larger Hunslet 0-4-0 well tank locomotives would be suited to his plans at Sand Hutton.
Between 1920 and 1922 the existing miniature railway was converted to gauge and the extension to Warthill was completed. In April 1922 the first of the light railway were opened to goods traffic. This line ran from Warthill station on the NER to Kissthorn's Siding near the main hall, as well as a substantial branch serving the brickworks at Claxton. In 1923 the mainline was further extended to Bossall, and a steep branch to Barnby House was added. The Light Railway Order for the railway allowed for a half-mile (800m) extension to Scrayingham, but this would have involved a large and expensive bridge over the River Derwent so this was not built. The total length of the line was .
The line carried agricultural produce from the estate's farms, coal to the brickworks and bricks from them. Most of the goods traffic flowed to or from the transfer sidings at Warthill station. The line also ran passenger services for personnel and visitors to the estate between 1924 and 1930.
The Claxton brickworks closed in 1929 and Sir Robert Walker died in 1930. The line closed in June 1932 and was dismantled by 1933. The company was wound-up by the (SR&amp;O 1932/310)
Rolling stock.
All four Hunslet steam locomotives were built for the War Department's meat depot in Deptford. They were all scrapped by Thos W Ward Ltd of Sheffield shortly after the line closed in 1932. Some sources say there were only three locomotives at Sand Hutton, which note the motive power prior to 1927.
The wagon stock of the line came from Deptford and totalled 75 vehicles. They were built in May 1915 by P&amp;W Maclellan Ltd of Glasgow, and had a simple four-wheel underframe on which there was a wooden drop side body. There were three-link drawhooks, and large dumb buffers.
There was one brake van (or possibly two - the Ministry of Transport Railway Statistics of 1927 list two), built by Robert Hudson. long, they had a screw handbrake, sliding doors on each side, and an end door onto a single open platform. The van escaped scrapping, and was known to be in existence in the late 1960s, but its final fate is unclear.
There was one passenger coach, built in 1924 by Robert Hudson of Leeds. It was very large for so narrow a gauge, being long. It seated 30 in two separate compartments, and there was a small private saloon with moveable chairs for the Walker family. Electric lighting and vacuum brake gear were fitted. The roof was of elliptical section, but within months of arrival at Sand Hutton a small section of the roof above each opening was cut out, giving an extra of headroom. When the line closed in 1932 the coach was bought for use as a cricket pavilion at Harton. It was saved for preservation in 1967, and rebuilt for gauge on the Lincolnshire Coast Light Railway. After that line was shut by the Council, the coach was stored outside for many years, and its condition deteriorated badly. The coach is now stored at the Lincolnshire Coast Light Railway's new base near Skegness, awaiting restoration.

</doc>
<doc id="6938839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938839" title="1994 Ukrainian presidential election">
1994 Ukrainian presidential election

Early presidential elections were held in Ukraine on 26 June 1994, with a second round on 10 July. They were held ahead of schedule following a compromise between President Leonid Kravchuk and the Verkhovna Rada, the Ukrainian parliament. The elections saw Kravchuk defeated by his former Prime Minister Leonid Kuchma. They were the first presidential elections in the Commonwealth of Independent States in which the incumbent was defeated.
Kuchma took office on 19 July, marking the first peaceful transfer of power in Ukraine since the fall of Communism.
Background.
On 17 June 1993, the Verkhovna Rada voted to hold a referendum on 26 September that would serve as a motion of no confidence in President Kravchuk. However, the referendum was cancelled two days before it was due to be held. The Verkhovna Rada instead decided to hold early parliamentary elections on 24 March 1994, and early presidential elections two months later.
Results.
In the first round, Kravchuk was supported by the People's Movement (which had originally collected signatures for Volodymyr Lanovyi) and the Democratic Association, an alliance of right-wing parties that viewed Kuchma as pro-Russian. Kuchma was supported by the Interregional Bloc of Reforms, and Socialist Party candidate Oleksandr Moroz was supported by the Communist Party and Peasant Party. After Moroz was knocked out, the Communists supported Kuchma in the second round.

</doc>
<doc id="6938843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938843" title="Men's World (magazine)">
Men's World (magazine)



</doc>
<doc id="6938847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938847" title="Exponential polynomials">
Exponential polynomials



</doc>
<doc id="6938858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938858" title="John Goodman (Jesuit)">
John Goodman (Jesuit)

John Goodman (1590–1642) was a Welsh Jesuit novice and secular priest active in England. He was born in Denbighshire and graduated from St John's College, Cambridge, being ordained in the Church of England in 1618. He became a Catholic convert and seminary priest in France, around 1621, before returning to England on mission.
Goodman was jailed and sentenced to death under an Elizabethan penal law which made it illegal for Jesuits to be in England. He was granted a reprieve by Charles I but was questioned by the Long Parliament. Charles I did not interfere and Parliament was content to let Goodman die in prison in 1642.
John Goodman was declared venerable by Pope Leo XIII in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="6938860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938860" title="Para ti con desprecio">
Para ti con desprecio

Para Ti Con Desprecio (Spanish: "For You, With Disregard") is the third studio album by Mexican rock band Panda, released on 11 May 2005 through Movic and Warner Records, as the band's major-label debut.
Produced by Adrian Treviño, the album marked a major departure from the band's established humorous style.
Following its release, the band came under fire from the media and general public due to plagiarism accusations, claiming some of the old and new songs contained lyrics, bass riffs and guitar parts that belonged to songs from other mainstream rock acts such as MxPx, Smashing Pumpkins, Green Day, Alkaline Trio, Fall Out Boy and many others, since their debut album. The track "Miedo A Las Alturas" also generated discussion, with its verse and chorus being a literal translation and paraphrasing of the song "It's Not A Fashion Statement, It's A Fucking Deathwish" by American rock band My Chemical Romance. 
Despite the controversies, the album was released to critical acclaim by Latin American music critics and newcomer fans, reaching top 5 and top 10 in Mexican music charts. It was a moderate commercial success and catapulted the band into mainstream success, especially in the United States and European countries, where the band had been previously unable to reach. The album's logo that was used in the album artwork also became a precursor to the band's iconic "PXNDX" logo that would be used in every single one of their follow-up albums.
Composition and lyrics.
Madero said, "During the early days crafting the album we where writing songs just for the sake to write them. We had something like "'No Me Culpes Por Ser Tan Bello"' [literally "Don't Blame Me for Being So Handsome"], so stupid; and after opening concerts for Blink-182 in Mexico, something went really wrong with the girl who was my fiancée. I wanted retribution, but I wasn't planning on throwing eggs to her house or kidnapping her brother. That's when I said 'I'll make a record to let everyone know what a shit of a person you are', and it seemed like a great idea to me".
Madero and bandmates had already written material for their next effort but rejected everything and re-wrote it all over again.
Personnel.
Adapted from "Para Ti Con Desprecio"'s liner notes.
Panda
Production
Session musicians

</doc>
<doc id="6938874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938874" title="Head of pancreas">
Head of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6938880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938880" title="One star dragon">
One star dragon



</doc>
<doc id="6938882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938882" title="Saint Joseph Regional High School">
Saint Joseph Regional High School

Saint Joseph Regional High School (known as SJR, St. Joe's or Joe's) is a private, Catholic, college preparatory school for boys, located on a campus in Montvale, in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The school operates under the auspices of the Archdiocese of Newark. St. Joseph Regional High School was founded in 1962 by the Brothers of Saint Francis Xavier. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1968.
As of the 2021–22 school year, the school had an enrollment of 458 students and 32.6 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14:1. The school's student body was 59.2% (271) White, 16.4% (75) Hispanic, 12.2% (56) Black, 9.2% (42) two or more races, 2.6% (12) Asian and 0.4% (2) American Indian / Alaska Native. In 2014, St. Joseph Regional High School graduated its 7,000th student.
The St. Joseph curriculum includes honors and Advanced Placement courses, and has college credit courses available through Saint Peter's University in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Academics.
Saint Joseph Regional offers courses in English, world/US history, science, foreign language, mathematics, theology, and a number of electives, most with accelerated and honor levels. The school offers a number of Advanced Placement and college-level courses. A Virtual High School program provides an opportunity for qualified students to take courses online through an educational consortium endorsed by the United States Department of Education. Students can take classes as diverse as Mandarin Chinese and Marine Biology.
Students may apply to the National Honor Society, Spanish National Honor Society, French Honor Society, and Tri-M Music Honor Society.
Athletics.
The Saint Joseph Regional High School Green Knights participate in the United Division of the Big North Conference, a super conference comprised of public and private high schools in Bergen and Passaic counties that was established as part of a realignment of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey and operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association. The school had temporarily competed in the North Jersey Tri-County Conference in 2009–10, which was set up to operate on an interim basis while new conferences were established. Until the NJSIAA's 2009 realignment, the school had participated in Division C of the Northern New Jersey Interscholastic League, which included high schools located in Bergen, Essex and Passaic counties, and was separated into three divisions based on NJSIAA size classification. With 772 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Non-Public A for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 381 to 1,454 students in that grade range (equivalent to Group II for public schools). The football team competes in the United Red division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Non-Public Group A (equivalent to Group III/IV/V for public schools) for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 738 to 1,404 students.
The Green Knights have achieved league, county and state titles in football, baseball, basketball, wrestling, golf, ice hockey, and winter and spring track and field athletics in the last two decades. The Green Knights' rivals include Bergen Catholic High School, Don Bosco Preparatory High School and Paramus Catholic High School.
SJR varsity fall sports include football, cross country, and soccer.
Long considered a regional powerhouse, SJR football has grown to become one of the best high school football programs in the country. The football team won the NJSIAA state sectional championships 1987 and 1988 (Non-Public A North), 1995 and 1996 (Non-Public Group III), 1997 (Non-Public Group IV), 1999–2005, 2008, 2009, 2011–2013 and 2016 (Non-Public Group III), and 2018 (Non-Public Group IV). The SJR varsity football team had a streak of seven Non-Public Group III titles through the 2005 season, a run ended with a 35-28 loss to Holy Cross High School on a touchdown scored in the final minute of the first round of the 2006 playoffs. The football team has also had its share of national rankings by "USA Today", including #8 in 1995, #11 in 1997, #7 in 1999, and #23 in 2004. SJR has also been ranked #1 in the state in 1995, 1997, and 1999. Other teams have been listed in the nation's top 25 rankings during various parts of the year. SJR was ranked No. 11 in the nation in the final High School Football America Top 25 in 2013. In 2015, the team finished No. 19 nationally in the High School Football America Top 50. SJR has received "The Star-Ledger" Trophy in 1995, 1997, and 1999, 2012 and 2013, recognizing the team as the #1 football team in New Jersey. A 7-0 win by the 1987 team against Bergen Catholic High School in the playoff finals gave the team the Parochial A North state sectional title and a 9-2 record for the season. The 1988 team finished the season with a 10-1 record after winning the Non-Public A North sectional title after a 29-18 victory against Delbarton School in the championship game. A 32-26 win in the 1995 Parochial Group III championship game at Giants Stadium against DePaul Catholic High School gave the team an 11-0 record for the season. The team won the 2000 Parochial Group III title in 2000 with a 54-29 win against Pope John XXIII Regional High School in the finals. The 2001 team won the Parochial Group III title with a 17-9 victory in the tournament final against Immaculata High School. The 2008 team finished with an 11–1 record and won against Immaculate by a score of 27–6 in the Non-Public Group III state championship game. The 2009 varsity football team defeated Immaculata again in the state championship 14–0. Saint Joe's beat Delbarton School 45–22 in the 2011 Non-Public Group III title game played at Kean University to earn its 15th state championship title. In 2013, the Green Knights defeated Pope John XXIII, 62–14; it was the fifth in sixth seasons for SJR. In 2016, the program won its 18th state title, winning the Non-Public Group III state sectional championship by a score of 26–17 against DePaul Catholic High School in the tournament final. The team won the Non-Public Group IV title, the program's first in Group IV, with a 13-0 win against Bergen Catholic High School. The rivalry with Don Bosco was listed at 15th on NJ.com's 2017 list "Ranking the 31 fiercest rivalries in N.J. HS football". Don Bosco leads the rivalry with a 30–23 overall record as of 2017, which includes periods in the 1990s and 2010s when the two schools played each other on Thanksgiving. The school's rivalry with Bergen Catholic was listed at 14th, with Bergen Catholic leading with a 31–17 overall record.
SJR offers five varsity winter sports: basketball, bowling, ice hockey, wrestling, and winter track. The SJR basketball team has won a sectional championship; three county championships, most recently in 2005; and five league championships, most recently in 2005, 2007, and in 2009, where they beat Teaneck High School by a score of 63–50, less than 48 hours after losing to them in the County Jamboree finals 55–53 and ended their season with a record of 16–2 in the NNJIL. In 2005, the SJR basketball team were state finalists, but lost to Seton Hall Preparatory School 63–54 in the Non-Public North A state sectional tournament.
SJR wrestling has been a long dominant force in northern New Jersey and was inducted into the New Jersey Wrestling Hall of Fame in 2005. The team won the Parochial A North state sectional title in 1986, 1988, 1993, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2023, 2024, and 2025, and the Parochial B North title in 1996. The team won the Parochial A state championship in 1993, 1997, 1998, 2023, and 2025, and the Parochial B title in 1996.
The ice hockey team was the state champion in 1984, 1985 and 1991, and won the Gordon Cup in 1986, 1990 and 1992. In 2010, SJR hockey, who entered the NJTCC Cup as the lowest seed, upset top-seeded Passaic Valley High School and DePaul en route to the championship on February 28. In 2011, the Green Knight Hockey team defeated Hackensack in the first round 6–3, and then defeated Ramapo High School by a score of 2-1 before losing 2–0 to second-seeded Wayne Valley High School in the finals. In the winter of 2013, the SJR Ice Hockey team won their fourth league championship appearance in a row. In 2015, the team reached the state quarterfinals after upsetting the #2 ranked Don Bosco Preparatory High School in the Round of 32. The Green Knight Hockey Team reached the state quarterfinals once again in 2016, losing to Pope John XXIII Regional High School in overtime. The team will rejoin the Gordon Conference after spending nearly two decades in the Big North Conference. In 2025, the team won their first Bergen County championship after defeating Don Bosco Preparatory High School by a score of 2–0 in the tournament final. That year they were ranked the #3 team in the state of New Jersey rankings by NJ.com making the highest ranking ever in school history.
SJR offers five varsity spring sports including baseball, golf, lacrosse, tennis, and track and field.
The tennis team won the Non-Public North state championship in 1970 (against runner-up Seton Hall Preparatory School in the final match of the tournament), 1971 (vs. Christian Brothers Academy) and 1972 (vs. Mater Dei High School).
The baseball team won the Non-Public A state championship in 1993 (defeating Notre Dame High School in the tournament finals), 1998 (vs. Eustace Preparatory School) 2004 (vs. Holy Cross Academy) and 2021 (vs. St. Augustine Preparatory School). SJR baseball won the NNJIL championship twelve times: in 1984, 1986, 1988, 1992, 1995, 1998-2003, and 2005, and won the county tournament in 1984, 1986, 1988, 1998, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2009, 2013, 2016, and 2024. The 1998 team won the Group A title with 2-1 win against Bishop Eustace in the championship game. The 2009 SJR varsity squad won the county tournament by defeating Ramapo High School 10–0. The 2009 squad was also a state finalist after a 7–6 victory over nationally ranked Don Bosco Preparatory High School, but lost to Delbarton School 4–3. Despite the loss, the team was ranked #5 in the state, and #1 in the county. SJR baseball has also had its share of state and national rankings by "USA Today", achieving #1 in Northern New Jersey in 2002, 2003, 2005 and 2009, #1 in New Jersey in 2005, #10 in the country in 1998, #1 in the east in 1998, #9 in the east in 2004, and is currently ranked #6 in the east in the 2009 season. St. Joe's has had a long-lasting rivalry in baseball with Don Bosco Prep.
The spring / outdoor track team won the Non-Public A state championship in 1968 and 1969.
Theater program.
SJR's theater program presents a musical in the fall/winter, and a drama or comedy in the spring. SJR students also perform in productions put on by Immaculate Heart Academy and Academy of the Holy Angels.
2005–06.
In 2006, SJR presented the world high school premiere of "Miss Saigon". It was nominated for multiple awards in the 10th Annual Drama Festival at Fairleigh Dickinson University, as well as the Helen Hayes Theater Awards, and the Paper Mill Playhouse Rising Star Awards.
Awards won at FDU include:
Helen Hayes awards include:
2006–07.
In October 2006, SJR presented "Urinetown: The Musical".
Metropolitan HS Theater Awards:
Helen Hayes Theater Awards:
Paper Mill Rising Star Awards:
2007–08.
In 2008, SJR presented "West Side Story" and The Crucible. Their production of West Side had seven final nominations for the Helen Hayes Theater Awards, and four final nominations for the Paper Mill Rising Star Awards. "West Side Story" also received the 2008 Showstopper Runner-Up Award for best musical in the country by "USA Weekend".
West Side Story Awards
Helen Hayes Theater Awards include:
Paper Mill Rising Star Awards include:
The Crucible Awards
Montclair State University's Drama Awards:
2008–09.
The 2009 musical was "The Who's Tommy" and Lend Me a Tenor. For Tommy, SJR received seven final nominations from the Metropolitan High School Theater Awards, formerly known as the Helen Hayes Youth Theater Awards, and three final nominations from the Paper Mill Rising Star Awards.
On January 28, 2009, Fox 5 News aired a special on the senior citizens production of SJR's "Tommy", which aired on "Good Day New York". The special included interviews of cast members, and clips of the cast performing on stage.
The Who's Tommy Awards
Metropolitan High School Theater Award (Helen Hayes Youth Theater Awards):
Paper Mill Rising Star Award:
Lend Me a Tenor Awards
Montclair State University's Drama Awards:
2009–10.
In 2010, SJR presented "Curtains" and A Few Good Men.
Curtains Awards
Metropolitan HS Theater Awards:
Papermill Rising Star Awards:
A Few Good Men Awards
Montclair State University's Drama Awards: 
2010–11.
In 2011, the musical presented was "Les Misérables" while their drama was Is He Dead?
Les Misérables Awards
Metropolitan HS Theater Awards:
Is He Dead? Awards
Montclair State University's Drama Awards:
2011–12.
In 2012, SJR presented "Cabaret" and One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest.
Cabaret Awards
Papermill Rising Star Awards:
2012–13.
In 2013, SJR presented "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" SJR presented "Noises Off" as their spring drama, garnering a number of MSU Theatre Night Award nominations, and two wins.
Noises Off Awards
Montclair State University's Drama Awards
2013–14.
In 2014, SJR presented "Fiddler on the Roof" as their winter musical. SJR presented "Brighton Beach Memoirs" as their spring drama, garnering 11 Montclair Theatre Night Award Nominations, including Best Overall Production, and two wins.
Fiddler on The Roof Awards
Metropolitan HS Theater Award:
Brighton Beach Memoirs Awards
2014–15.
In 2015, SJR presented "Miss Saigon", which earned a Paper Mill Rising Star Award. They also did You Can't Take It With You as their comedy.
Miss Saigon Awards
Paper Mill Rising Star Awards:
You Can't Take It With You Awards
Montclair State University's Drama Awards:
2015–16.
In 2016, SJR once again presented "Urinetown", and "Ordinary People".
Urinetown Awards
Papermill Rising Star Awards:
Metropolitan High School Theater Awards:
Ordinary People Awards
Montclair State University's Drama Awards
2017–18.
In 2017, SJR presented "West Side Story" and "Rumors".
Rumors Awards
2018–19.
In 2018, SJR presented Curtains and "The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee"
2019–20.
In 2019, SJR presented Bright Star.
2020–21.
In 2020, SJR presented The Addams Family
2021–22.
In 2021, SJR presented Something Rotten!
Something Rotten Awards
Montclair State University's Drama Awards:
2022.
In 2022, SJR presented the world premiere of the musical adaption of the movie "Mystic Pizza". The production was featured on FOX5's Good Day New York with interviews of the cast and clips from the show featured.
2022–23.
SJR presented "Into The Woods" as their Winter musical and "Clue" as their Spring play.
2023–24.
In 2023, SJR did a student-directed production of the play "Twelve Angry Men". In the winter, they performed "Les Misérables". This performance won "Best Overall Musical" at the Metropolitan High School Theater Awards. 
In the spring of 2024, SJR presented "A Chorus Line."
2024–25.
In 2024, SJR performed the student-directed All In The Timing. In the winter, they performed Footloose. 
In the spring of 2025, they will present Rumors. 
WSJR.
WSJR was re-launched in the 2023-2024 school year after being shut down due to Covid. Every day students are the host executive producers, technical producers, and reporters on the show, which is broadcast on YouTube every morning and is proctored by Mr. Ryan Asselta.
St. Joes has a TV studio, WSJR. It is live streamed on Youtube every school day from 8:00am to 8:10am. WSJR generally has students as anchors, and broadcasts school announcements and sport results (school and pro).

</doc>
<doc id="6938890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938890" title="Chhajja Singh">
Chhajja Singh

Sardar Chhajja Singh was a Jat Sikh warrior and leader of Jathâ succeeding Banda Singh Bahadur of the early 18th century Punjab region. He was also the founder of the Bhangi Misl He was the first companion of Banda Singh Bahadur to receive Sikh baptism of Amrit. According to Kanaihya Lal, he had taken Amrit at the hands of Guru Gobind Singh.
Biography.
Born in a Jat Sikh Dhillon family of Panjwar village, 13 kms from Amritsar near Tarn Taran in Majha region of Punjab, Chajja Singh had a family relation of Bhuma Singh. After the death of Banda Singh Bahadur, Chajja Singh and Jagat Singh administered Amrit to Bhuma Singh, Natha Singh and Jagat Singh and made them their companions. Accompanied by many others, he took forceful actions in harassing the despotic government officials. A little later Chajja Singh was joined by Mohan Singh and Gulab Singh of Dhoussa village (six miles north-east of Amritsar), Karora Singh of Choupal, Gurbaksh Singh a Sandhu Jat of Roranwala, Agar Singh Khangora and Sawan Singh Randhawa. They all took Amrit from Chajja Singh. After Chajja Singh's death Bhuma Singh became his successor and leader of the Bhangi "misl".

</doc>
<doc id="6938897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938897" title="Shivakotiacharya">
Shivakotiacharya

Shivakotiacharya (also Shivakoti), a writer of the 9th-10th century, is considered the author of didactic Kannada language Jain text "Vaddaradhane" ("lit", "Worship of elders", ca. 900). A prose narrative written in pre-Old-Kannada ("Purva Halegannada"), "Vaddaradhane" is considered the earliest extant work in the prose genre in the Kannada language. Scholars are, however, still divided about when exactly the text was written, with claims ranging from before the 6th century to the 10th century.
Content.
According to the scholar R.S. Mugali, "Vaddaradhane" is one of the finest pieces of Jain literature, which stands out by itself in all of Kannada literature. In addition to religious content describing the lives of Jain saints ("Jainas"), it treats on Jain tenets regarding the torments of flesh and spirit, interpretations of fate ("karma"), rebirth and the plight of humans on earth. The text gives useful information about contemporary society including education, trade and commerce, magic and superstitions, the caste system and untouchability, and position of women in society. The text provides details on contemporary urban and rural society: towns with majestic buildings and multi-storied houses; temples ("devalaya"); a street for the prostitutes ("sulegeri"); palaces; streets with people, horses and elephants; homes of cloth merchants ("dusigar"); homes of diamond merchants ("baccara"); feudatories ("samanta"); royal officials ("niyogi"); grain markets and traders; and various types of settlements such as villages ("grama") and towns ("nagara"). The text dwells on the evils of "Kali Yuga" including miscegenation and takes a critical look at contemporary Brahmin practices. It mentions fierce warriors, royal retainers ("velevali") who were under oath to lay down their life for the king and royalty.
Date controversies.
The dating of the work and its authorship has been a controversy. According to the scholar R.S. Mugali, experts are not unanimous whether the prose piece was written before "Kavirajamarga" (ca. 850) or after. According to modern Kannada poet and scholar M. Govinda Pai, the "Vaddaradhane" dates much further back. Based on his studies of the text and some pre-2nd century inscriptions from Shravanabelagola, Pai authored two scholarly publications in 1960: "Kannada Sahityada Halame" ("Antiquity of Kannada literature") and "Kannada Sahityada Prachinate" (also meaning "Antiquity of Kannada literature"), in which he argued "Vaddaradhane" more accurately dates to the pre-6th century period. However, the scholar D.L. Narasimhachar opines that the writing is from around c. 920. Professor Upadhye dates the writing to the post-9th century period while the historians A.R. Naronakar, K.A.N. Shastri, and Dravidian scholar Zvelebil date it to c. 900.
There is an opinion that Shivakoti was not the author of the work, and that his Prakrit work "Bhagavati Aaradhane" may have been the inspiration for this Kannada writing. However, it has been pointed out that the author's name appears in the concluding section of every story in the writing, and that the Prakrit writer, also named Shivakoti, lived in the 2nd or 3rd century A.D. and was the disciple of Acharya Samantabhadra. Another name, Revakotiacharya, also appears in some places in the Kannada text. Historian Jyotsna Kamat is of the opinion that the didactic work comprising 19 stories dates to the 10th century and was inspired by the Sanskrit writing "Brihatkatha-Khosa".

</doc>
<doc id="6938898" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938898" title="George William Featherstonhaugh">
George William Featherstonhaugh

George William Featherstonhaugh ( ""; 9April 178028September 1866) was a British-American geologist and geographer. He was one of the proposers of the Albany and Schenectady Railroad and was the first geologist to the US government. He surveyed portions of the Louisiana Purchase for the US government.
Early life and career.
Born to George and Dorothy Simpson Featherstonhaugh in London, he grew up in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, England. Featherstonhaugh liked climbing cliffs, collecting fossils, and gathering wild bird eggs to sell. He was adept at writing and became a Fellow of the Geological Society and the Royal Society. In 1809, he was elected as a member to the American Philosophical Society in Philadelphia.
Railroad plans.
In 1806 he went to the United States where he planned to study the languages of the indigenous people. He married Sarah Duane of Schenectady, New York, on 6 November 1808. They had four children: James, Ann, George Jr., and Georgianna. He farmed, organised the first New York Board of Agriculture, and advocated the building of steam railroads in the United States. Difficulty experienced in the economic transportation of his crops led Featherstonhaugh to advocate a steam railroad that would connect the Hudson River at Albany, New York, with the navigable Mohawk River at Schenectady. His acquaintance with George Stephenson (1781–1848) facilitated his quest. Ten years were spent in an attempt to educate the public for the experiment and it was not until December 1825, that Featherstonhaugh was determined to apply for a charter. This was granted on 17 April 1826.
The painter Thomas Cole spent the winter of 1825–6 at Featherstonhaugh's estate, painting four views of the house in its landscape setting including "Landscape, the Seat of Mr. Featherstonhaugh in the Distance", but found Featherstonhaugh a "heartless employer".
After the death of his wife and two daughters and a calamitous fire, Featherstonhaugh sold his estate at Duanesburg. He later came to Philadelphia and, on 28 January 1831, married Charlotte Williams Carter in Schenectady County, New York. They had three children: Albany, Georgiannia, and Henry.
Construction of the railroad began on 29 July 1830, and one year later the road was completed from Engine hill (near the top of Crane Street hill) in Schenectady to Lydius street (known today as Madison Avenue) in the western suburb of Albany. Formal opening of the road was on 13 August 1831, when the "DeWitt Clinton" pulled the first train to Schenectady.
The Albany and Schenectady Railroad justified Featherstonhaugh's vision, and made the Mohawk Valley the center of early railroad construction in New York State. In 1832 the Saratoga and Schenectady Rail Road was completed, the Schenectady terminus being at what is now Water and Railroad Streets.
In July 1831 Featherstonhaugh issued the sole edition of the "Monthly American Journal of Geology and Natural Science".
Exploring the Louisiana Purchase.
After acquiring a vast quantity of unexplored land in the Louisiana Purchase in 1803, the government sought to document the mineral resources of the territory. In 1834, Featherstonhaugh, newly appointed as the first US government geologist, was instructed to examine the elevated country between the Missouri and the Red River and report back to Colonel John James Abert of the Topographical Bureau.
With his son George Jr. as his assistant, he set out to explore Arkansas the territory from a base in St. Louis, Missouri.
Among the Cherokees.
In 1835, Featherstonhaugh travelled from Green Bay, Wisconsin, up the Fox River to the Wisconsin River, then downstream to Prairie du Chien, and into the Mississippi River. He paddled up the Mississippi, passing the St. Croix River and the Minnesota River, stopping at Carver's Cave and Saint Anthony Falls.
In August 1837 after travelling along the Mississippi, Ohio, and Tennessee rivers, Featherstonhaugh joined with Special Government Agent John Mason, Jr. to attend the Cherokee National Council at Red Clay, Tennessee, at the beginning of the crisis that eventually led to the Cherokee Removal, sometimes called the "Trail of Tears". He spent more than a month with these Indians, and was an eyewitness to the resistance of Principal Chief John Ross and the Cherokee people to the fraudulent Treaty of New Echota. The public purpose of his visit was to inspect for the federal government the geology of the mountainous regions of Georgia and North Carolina where gold had been discovered, but there was also another covert mission. In his memoirs, Featherstonhaugh described a pleasant encounter with a learned Welsh-born Baptist missionary Rev. Evan Jones, a fellow Britisher residing among the Cherokees. However, in a secret memoranda sent to General Winfield Scott in May 1838, he wrote: "Evan Jones, An Englishman of dark, cunning character. This man many years ago settled as a missionary amongst the Cherokee, knows their language well, and has had a great deal of personal intercourse with them. In the event of a rupture with these people, he is a person likely to give them bad advice, and I should advise his removal from the Nation." This memorandum also lists four other White men living with the Cherokees, analyses tribal politics, and provides an estimate of a possible military confrontation with the tribe because of the upland topography.
In 1837 Featherstonhaugh sat for Hiram Powers the sculptor who considered him to have a "fine head".
Back to England.
Featherstonhaugh returned to England in 1838 with his wife and children. On account of his thorough knowledge of the United States, he was appointed by the British government a commissioner to settle the northern boundary of the United States under the Webster-Ashburton Treaty. For the successful execution of this task, he was appointed consul from the British government to the departments of Calvados and Seine, France. When Louis Napoleon led a military coup against the King of France, Featherstonhaugh almost single-handedly arranged and led the escape of the King and Queen through Le Havre to England to the delight of the British Government, Queen Victoria, and the public. Later, he spent much time writing and publishing the journals of his travels in the United States. He died in Le Havre, France, 28 September 1866, and is buried at Tunbridge Wells, England.
Family.
His son was George W. Featherstonhaugh, Jr., who was a businessman in Wisconsin and who served in the Wisconsin Territorial Legislature from 1846 to 1848.

</doc>
<doc id="6938902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938902" title="Umbral composition">
Umbral composition



</doc>
<doc id="6938913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938913" title="Hinduism in Goa">
Hinduism in Goa

Hinduism is the majority religion of people living in Goa. According to the 2011 census, in a population of 1,458,545 people, 66.08% were Hindu.
History and roots.
Due to the Christianisation of Goa, over 90% of the Goans in the Velhas Conquistas became Catholic by the 1700s. The Novas Conquistas, which came under Portuguese rule later, remained majority Hindu. Goan emigration to British India and the rest of the world, and corresponding immigration of non-Goan labour from India to work in mines in 1950s led to Hindus eventually becoming the majority of people residing in Goa by the 1960 census carried out by the Portuguese.
The massive influx of non-Goan immigrants from other states of India since the Annexation of Goa has further increased the Hindu population resident in Goa. Traditions of ethnic Goan Hindus after 1961 include festivals with processions wherein the deities are taken from the newly built temples in the Novas Conquistas to their original sites in the Velhas Conquistas. In 2022, the Goa government announced plans for reconstruction of temples destroyed during the early colonial Portuguese regime.
While the Caste system in Goa is still a major factor among Goan Hindus, the egalitarian Indian constitution and the resulting affirmative action has helped to a perceived degree.
Goan Hindus celebrate the festival of Shiva and Shantadurga (Durga) besides those of other deities. The festival of Holi is called Shigmo in Goa and celebrated with gaiety. "Chavath" or "Ganesh festival" as it is called by Goan Hindus is a major festival in Goa. Deepavali is celebrated with the lighting of the deepastambhas in the temples and with the burning of effigies of Narakasura, who is regarded to have been vanquished on the day before Deepavali by Krishna.
The Goan Hindu community is composed of many castes, some of them are Brahmin, Konkan maratha, Kharvi, Bhandari (caste), Vaishya Vanis, Kunbis, Gaudas, etc.
Demographics.
The majority of residents are Hindu in both districts of Goa, with 76.06% of the total population of North Goa and 53.34% of South Goa.

</doc>
<doc id="6938916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938916" title="Body of pancreas">
Body of pancreas



</doc>
<doc id="6938920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938920" title="Two star dragon">
Two star dragon



</doc>
<doc id="6938925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938925" title="58th Primetime Emmy Awards">
58th Primetime Emmy Awards

The 58th Primetime Emmy Awards were held on Sunday, August 27, 2006, at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, California on NBC at 8:00 p.m. ET (00:00 UTC) with Conan O'Brien hosting the show. The ceremony attracted 16.2 million viewers, 2.5 million fewer than the previous year's ceremony, but still the ratings winner for the week. The Discovery Channel received its first major nomination this year.
This awards show was the first in fourteen years to be held in August because of NBC's request; because of "NBC Sunday Night Football", the ceremony moved to accommodate NFL Kickoff Weekend.
A new voting system determined nominees in particular categories (mostly lead acting and outstanding series categories) by a "blue ribbon" panel of judges, which resulted in the exclusion of popular shows such as "Desperate Housewives" and "Lost", and actors like James Gandolfini and Edie Falco from The Sopranos and Hugh Laurie from "House". "Lost"s exclusion was mocked during the opening sequence (see below), when O'Brien, accompanied by Hugo "Hurley" Reyes, headed down a hatch to get to the Emmys. O'Brien asked Reyes if he wanted to come; Reyes says coyly, "Well, we weren't exactly invited", to which O'Brien replies "But you won last year!"
For its second season, "The Office" won Outstanding Comedy Series; this was its only major award. No comedy series won more than two major awards this year. In the drama field, "24" won Outstanding Drama Series for its fifth season, after being nominated and losing the previous four years. It was also the first time the Fox Network won this award. Its three major awards topped all drama series. Its Outstanding Lead Actor, Drama award (for Kiefer Sutherland) was also the first time Fox had won this award.
Ellen Burstyn was nominated for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or Movie for her role in "Mrs. Harris", even though she was onscreen for only fourteen seconds, which caused controversy.
The show that received the most major nominations was "Mrs. Harris", with seven. The top-nominated show had not received so few nominations since 1970, when "Marcus Welby, M.D." received six. However, there were far fewer nominations back then, with most categories having three slots making this ceremony unique.
The pilot episode of "My Name Is Earl" joined a select group of TV episodes to win for both directing and writing.
Winners and nominees.
Winners are listed first and highlighted in bold:&lt;ref name="Winners/Nominees"&gt;Emmys.com list of 2006 Nominees &amp; Winners&lt;/ref&gt;
Presenters and performers.
Presenters.
The awards were presented by the following people:
Opening sequence and subsequent controversy.
The plane crash "Lost" parody.
The opening sequence of the 58th Primetime Emmy Awards show depicted host Conan O'Brien wearing a tuxedo, sitting in luxury on a plane, sipping champagne and mentioning to the flight attendant that this would be the second Emmy's ceremony that he would be hosting. O'Brien then rhetorically asked the flight attendant, "What could possibly go wrong?" Immediately after that, the plane began to experience turbulence and then was portrayed as having crashed on (or near) an island. O'Brien is then seen walking ashore on the beach and onto the island still wearing his (now drenched) tuxedo. Hurley appears and then follows O'Brien to a hatch. When O'Brien asks if he wants to come along, Hurley says that they "weren't exactly invited". O'Brien enters the hatch and arrives on the set of "The Office".
The intention of this opening sequence was to parody the premise of the ABC series "Lost". However, the sequence reportedly disturbed some viewers because of the Comair Flight 5191 disaster that had occurred earlier in the day. Cincinnati NBC affiliate WLWT-TV had the unfortunate coincidence of running a "Breaking News" scroll about the crash at the same time as the scene was airing.
Entertainment industry critics, such as "LA Weekly" columnist Nikki Finke, lambasted NBC's decision to not pull the plane crash portion of the opening sequence, in light of the aforementioned crash earlier that day. Finke stated that she believed NBC could have—with relative ease—instructed their writers to come up with a different sketch at the last minute, which could have been used as a substitute.
Other parodies.
The skit also parodied shows such as "The Office", "24", "House", "South Park", and "Dateline NBC" (specifically, the "To Catch a Predator" segments). An animated Tom Cruise from the "South Park" episode "Trapped in the Closet" appears in a skit where an animated O'Brien hides in Stan Marsh's closet, only to run away when he discovers Cruise has already occupied the closet.
Tributes.
The show featured tributes to two TV legends: Dick Clark ("America's Oldest Teenager"), and Aaron Spelling, producer of such classic TV shows as "Dynasty" and "Beverly Hills, 90210". The former tribute was presented by Simon Cowell, American Idol judge, with a performance by Barry Manilow, who won a Primetime Emmy Award later that evening. Joan Collins, Heather Locklear, and Stephen Collins, along with the original three "Charlie's Angels", gave the tribute for Spelling.

</doc>
<doc id="6938977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938977" title="Appell sequences">
Appell sequences



</doc>
<doc id="6938984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938984" title="Drexel Dragons">
Drexel Dragons

The Drexel Dragons are the athletic teams of Drexel University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The school's athletic program includes eighteen NCAA Division I sports including nine men's and nine women's teams, with most sports teams competing in the Coastal Athletic Association (CAA). Drexel's athletic department was ranked first in gender equity by U.S. News. The university has demonstrated a high level of student-athlete academic performance, with a 10-year NCAA graduation rate of 91% compared to a national average of 85%.
National championships.
Drexel has two recognized National Titles: the 1958 Dragon Soccer team, which was voted number one in a year end poll, and the 2012–13 Drexel Dragons women's basketball team, which won the 2013 Women's National Invitation Tournament.
Drexel's women's rifle team won 5 national championships before the NCAA sponsored rifle as a sport in 1947, 1949, 1950, 1952, and 1954.
Drexel's karate team won eleven total National Collegiate Karate Association championships in team kata and kumite between 1988 through 2004.
Athletic teams.
Drexel is one of the only 5 NCAA Division I schools that doesn't sponsor volleyball or baseball (The other 4 being Boston University, Detroit Mercy, Saint Joseph's University, and Vermont).
Facilities.
In addition to the DAC which is located inside the Main Campus, Drexel utilizes fields located at 43rd and Powelton Avenues, the Vidas Athletic Complex.
Athletics history.
Men's basketball.
Drexel's first intercollegiate event was a basketball game played against Temple College in January 1895, a game that Drexel won by a score of 26 to 1. The Dragons joined Division I in 1973. Drexel has received bids to five NCAA Division I men's basketball tournaments in 1986, 1994, 1995, 1996, and most recently in 2021.
During the 1996 tournament, Malik Rose led the team to their only second round NCAA appearance after an upset of fifth-seeded Memphis.
Prior to this, Drexel had appeared in four Division II NCAA tournaments in 1957, 1960, 1966 and 1967, including the very first Division II tournament in 1957.
Drexel's men's basketball team was ranked as high as 35th nationally in 2007, finishing the season with a 23–9 record while making the National Invitational tournament for the fourth time in the prior five years.
All Time Record achievements include 1,293 wins, 1,145 losses (through 2018–19 season), and 8 tournament Appearances.
Women's basketball.
In 2009, Drexel women's basketball team ended Old Dominion University's NCAA record 17-year reign as CAA champion with a 62–41 victory in the conference semifinals. Behind Colonial player of the year Gabriela Marginean, Drexel captured its first-ever CAA Basketball championship with a 64–58 victory against James Madison University. This was the Dragon's first CAA tournament title in any sport since joining the conference in 2001–02 and it represented the first NCAA tournament berth for Drexel women's basketball since going Division I in 1982. The win also marked the team's 16th straight since starting off the season with an 8 and 8 record. The Dragons received a number twelve seeding in the 2009 NCAA Division I women's basketball tournament where they lost to Kansas State 68–44.
The 2012–2013 Drexel Dragons finished third in the CAA with a 13–5 conference record and were invited to the Women's National Invitation Tournament. They won six straight games in the NIT postseason tournament, beating Iona (59–50), Harvard (82–72), Bowling Green (50–47), Auburn (56–43), the Lady Florida Gators women's basketball team 67–57, and finally the Lady Utah Utes, 46 to 43, to win the WNIT Championship title.
Field hockey.
Drexel's field hockey team won the 2012 CAA Title for the first time in program history with a 2–1 overtime victory against Northeastern, getting the automatic NCAA tournament bid. In 2009, women's field hockey reached a number of program milestones. The team won the CAA regular season title, earned its first NCAA Tournament berth and picked up its first NCAA Tournament victory. The team's 19 victories broke their 2008 record of 16 wins. The Dragon's defeated No. 5 University of Connecticut, 3–2, in the first round of the NCAA Women's Field Hockey Championship. They reached the 'round of eight' before losing to No. 1 ranked and undefeated University of Maryland. In 2008, Drexel was also ranked at 14th in the nation, before losing in the CAA semi-finals to Old Dominion.
Men's lacrosse.
In 2014, Drexel scored in the third overtime as the Dragons came from behind to defeat Hofstra 11–10, to win its first Colonial Athletic Association championship and earn their first-ever NCAA tournament berth. Drexel trailed by three with five minutes to play in the fourth quarter, but rallied to force the overtime, earn the automatic NCAA bid and win their eighth straight game.
In 2010, men's reached their highest ever ranking at number 7 in the nation, following a win over then number three Notre Dame, the eventual NCAA Division I tournament runner up. In 2008 the Dragons were ranked 15th and reached the Colonial Tournament finals before losing 10–9 in overtime to Hofstra.
In 2007, Drexel lacrosse defeated University of Virginia, ranked number one at the time and the defending National Champion, Drexel's first victory over a number one ranked Division I team in any sport. Drexel's 1998 lacrosse squad finished the year with a then school record of twelve wins against two defeats. The season included a 14 to 10 defeat of a top 20 team, Towson University, eleven straight wins to start the season and a number 19 ranking. This win total has since been eclipsed by the 2008 lacrosse team which had 13 victories. In 72 seasons, Drexel has had 44 lacrosse All-Americans since beginning the sport in 1941. Prior to 2014, Drexel had not appeared in the NCAA Division I Men's Lacrosse Championship, but the team did get an invitation to the 1972 and 1973 USILA small college tournament.
Women's lacrosse.
Women's lacrosse completed 2011 with their first ever Colonial Tournament appearance after a fourth place conference finish. The season included a total of three Colonial conference wins, the most since 2007. Charlotte Wood in 2011 was the first Drexel women's lacrosse player to be named to the Tewaaraton Trophy award list, which is composed of the top lacrosse players from all three collegiate divisions.
In 41 seasons, Drexel has an all-time record of 282 wins, 351 losses and 3 ties, with four straight NCAA tournament appearances (2021-2022-2023-2024).
Women's Ultimate Frisbee.
The team competes in tournaments and scrimmages.
Rifle.
Drexel fielded both men's and women's rifle teams from 1919 through 2003, when the program was shut down by the administration due to public safety concerns, a lack of leadership, and the need for expensive renovations to the rifle range. The women's rifle team won National Championships in 1947, 1949, 1950, 1952, and 1954.
Rowing.
Drexel has also had success participating in the Dad Vail Regatta, the largest regular intercollegiate rowing event in the US, held on the Schuylkill River. At the 2000 Dad Vail, Drexel placed second in the Men's Second Varsity 8 event. Their rowing teams have won gold medals in the 1997 Men's Frosh/Novice and Men's JV Eight, silver in the 2000 Men's JV Eight, as well as bronze in the 2005 Women's Varsity Heavyweight Eight. The 2005 Women's Varsity Heavyweight Eight participated in the Women's Henley Regatta competing for the Jeffries Cup. However they were eliminated in the first round of duals by Neptune Rowing Club of Ireland.
Recently, the Drexel Rowing program has made significant strides in the rowing community. In the 2010 spring season at the Dad Vail Regatta, the Men's Second Varsity eight and the Men's Varsity pair took gold medals; while the Men's Freshman eight came across the line with a silver medal. The Women's Varsity eight placed third overall and the Women's Second Varsity eight finished just shy of a medal in fourth. The Women's Varsity eight then continued their success a few weeks later at the Royal Henley Woman's Regatta on the Thames River in England, finishing in first place to claim the Elite 8 championship title and the Sports Council Cup.
Rugby.
In 2009, the Drexel women's rugby team won the National Women's Collegiate Division IV championship in 2009, and was runner-up at the Division III championship in 2010.
In 1988, the men's rugby team won the National Collegiate Sports Festival rugby championship.
Shotokan Karate.
From 1988 through 2004, Drexel won eleven National Collegiate Karate Association team kata and kumite championships.
Soccer.
Drexel has one major National Championship to its credit. In 1958 with a 12–0–0 record, coached by United Soccer Coaches Hall of Fame member Donald Y. Yonker, the men's soccer team was awarded the national title by the Intercollegiate Soccer Football Association of America, then the governing body of men's college soccer. This occurred the year before the NCAA instituted a playoff system and so Drexel's championship is not officially recognized today by the NCAA. The 1963 men's soccer team at 10–3–1 and the 1972 team at 9–5–0, subsequently earned NCAA tournament berths. Men's soccer has a Division I Record of 448–356–78 in 60 seasons.
Drexel won the CAA regular season title in 2007, finishing at 11–5–3 in a tie for first with Old Dominion and reaching then CAA tournament semifinals. It also won the CAA regular season outright in 2012, finishing 12–4–3 and earning the program's first NCAA tournament berth since 1972.
Drexel Soccer alumni Jeff Parke played 10 years of professional soccer, most recently for Major League Soccer's D.C. United in 2014.
In 2013, Drexel soccer won the CAA tournament, earning the conference's No. 1 seed for the first time, and also again earning an NCAA tournament berth. Drexel lost to Old Dominion 5–1 in the NCAA's first round.
Squash.
Squash is an emerging sport at Drexel University, with the men's and women's varsity squash program established in 2011. The men's club team was founded in 2005 by Evan Cyrkin and Justin Burkholder and the women's by Violetta Shubayeva in 2007. Both, the Drexel Men's and Women's Squash teams, compete in the intercollegiate circuit (governed by the College Squash Association) as well as the Philadelphia Squash Racquets Association. On April 25, 2011, the Drexel Athletics Director, Dr. Eric Zillmer, announced the addition of men's and women's squash as varsity programs that will begin competing in the 2011–12 academic year. It was also announced that former world number 1 John White will lead both the men's and women's programs as head coach.
The Drexel Squash Club also has strong ties through volunteer work with Squash Smarts, a Philadelphia Youth Enrichment Program, which combines the sport of squash with academic tutoring and mentoring of under-served urban youth, in order to develop self-esteem and discipline through academic, athletic and personal achievement.
Wrestling.
In Wrestling, Coach Jack Childs became just the fifth coach in NCAA history to reach 500 career wins, spending more than 30 years at Drexel. Childs coached the school's first NCAA All-American in 2004 when Rob Rebmann placed 7th at the NCAA Tournament. In 2013, Drexel's wrestling team joined the Eastern Intercollegiate Wrestling Association after the CAA ceased sponsorship of the sport.
Golf.
In 2016, Chris Crawford qualified for the 2016 U.S. Open, becoming the first Drexel golfer to qualify for the tournament.
Football.
Drexel fielded a football team from 1895 to 1973, with the sport being discontinued after the 1973 season in order to increase funding for other sports teams. In 1927, Drexel hired Walter Halas as their coach for football, basketball, and baseball. Halas had been a backfield coach under Knute Rockne and George Gipp at Notre Dame, and his younger brother was the Hall of Fame coach and founder of the Chicago Bears George Halas. In Halas's second year as coach in 1928, the team won eight out of nine games.
Since 2005, the name "The Drexel Football Team" has been used by the universities comedy improv team whose proper name is The Drexel Football Comedy Improv Team. Members of the former Drexel Football Team have on occasion visited the university to attend the new team's shows, even vocally praising the team for continuing its legacy in a new and creative way.
Cricket.
Drexel University Club Cricket is an NCCA Division 1 team that was the runner up in the 2015 edition of American College Cricket. It also won the Mid-Atlantic regionals in 2015 and 2017. Since the tournament became defunct after 2023, they currently participate in the NCCA National College Championship.
Fight song.
The Drexel Fight Song was written by Gay V. Piercy 1939 and Todd Groo 1941 and first appeared in print in a 1938 edition of the "Drexel Athletic News". In the 1950s, the song was recorded by the Drexel Bands and combined Glee Clubs; this recording was lost but rediscovered in 2006, sparking a revival of its use.
Mario the Magnificent.
Mario the Magnificent is the Mascot for all Drexel University athletic teams. Mario gets his name from a Drexel alumnus, Mario V. Mascioli of the class of 1945, who didn't miss a Drexel game for more than 20 years. Just like the man he is named for, Mario is an enormous fan of both Drexel and Drexel Athletics. He can be seen rooting on teams from the sidelines, dancing on the court during timeouts, and causing general lighthearted mayhem around campus.
DAC Pack.
The DAC Pack is the student cheering section for men's and women's basketball games at Drexel University. "DAC" refers to the Daskalakis Athletic Center, the arena in which the men's and women's home games are played. Founded in 2002, the DAC Pack has grown from 10 people its first year, to a group that consistently fills the sideline and baseline student seating areas at home games. In the final months of basketball off-season, a contest is held for Drexel students to design the official DAC Pack T-shirt for the upcoming season, with the winning design then printed on over 3,000 shirts given out for free to students at basketball games. The DAC Pack also funds and organizes the annual Midnight Madness concert event to kick off the season. Previous performers at Midnight Madness have included Dev, and rap-duo Chiddy Bang. In addition to filling the stands for home games, the DAC Pack also organizes road trips for away games, such as at rivals Penn and Delaware, as well as the CAA tournament in Richmond, Virginia.
For the 2011–2012 basketball season, the DAC Pack was named one of the top 16 student sections in the country as a semi-finalist in the national Naismith Student Section of the Year Award. Additionally, the DAC Pack was picked as the top student section in Philadelphia.

</doc>
<doc id="6938991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938991" title="Saint Saen">
Saint Saen



</doc>
<doc id="6938992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6938992" title="Hinduism in Delhi">
Hinduism in Delhi

Hinduism is the majority religion in Delhi, India. According to the 2011 Census of India, the National Capital Territory of Delhi has 13,712,100 Hindus, who form 81.68% of the population. Hinduism can be extensively seen in culture and history of Delhi and was established by Hindu Tomara king, Anangpala. Though, the Hindus have seen some decline in the Delhi Sultanate and Mughal Empire, due to conversions and persecution. Delhi is also home to many Hindu temple and ashrams. There are more than 590 registered temples in Delhi, out of which Kalka, Birla, Akshardham and ISKCON Temple are the most visited.
History.
Early history.
Hinduism is believed to have been present in Delhi from prehistoric times, during the times of Pandavas when it was their capital by the name of Indraprastha and was under the control of Kuru Kingdom. The area city was also under the rule of the Maurya Empire from . The region has been significantly invaded and ruled by many dynasty from , mainly under the Gupta and Kushan Empire due to its location. Then the city was first time established in by Hindu king, Anangpal Tomar of Tomara dynasty, when he established Anangpur as the capital city of his kingdom.
Communities.
In local and rural Delhi, the communities like the Rajputs, Jats, Gujjars, Brahmins, Dalits, Valmikis, Baniyas, etc. have been residing in Delhi from a long time. After Partition, many Punjabis (mainly Hindus and Sikhs) from Pakistan came and settled in New Delhi. Due to Urbanization of New Delhi many people of Bihar, Haryana, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and other neighbouring regions came to settle in Delhi.

</doc>
<doc id="6939000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939000" title="Niels and the Giants">
Niels and the Giants

"Niels and the Giants" is a Danish fairy tale. Andrew Lang included it in "The Crimson Fairy Book".
Synopsis.
A couple had two sons. The older was content to be a shepherd like his father, but the younger, Niels, wanted to be a hunter. He got a gun, practiced with it, and became a good shot. The mother decided she wanted to go on a pilgrimage to Rome. The family sold everything they own and set out; Niels brought the gun. One night, they did not stay at an inn because the heat had made them go slowly that day, and the moon was up. They came to a crossroads in the forest and did not know which way to go. They decided to stay there. In the first watch, the older son shot a stag; in the second, the younger climbed a tree and saw three giants. They were eating, and by careful shots, he had them quarrel about knocking each other's hands and making them prick themselves with the forks. The third giant realized he was about and caught him.
They demanded a service of him. They wished to carry off the king's daughter, and had put everyone to sleep in the castle except a little black dog. If he shot the dog so it did not bark and wake everyone, they would spare his life. They threw him in and he landed on grass. He shot the dog and went to the gate, but on the way, he saw an enormous sword, a drinking horn, and an inscription saying that whoever drank from the horn could wield the sword. He looked through the castle and found the princess. He took half her handkerchief and one of her slippers. Then he drained the horn and could wield the sword. He went to the gate, where there was a small door and a large door. He opened the small door, claimed he was too weak for the large one, and cut off the giants' heads as they came through. Then he ran to rejoin his family, with his sword. He shut the door with such a bang that the castle woke. They were astounded by the bodies. The princess said they must find the giant-slayer, because she was honor-bound to marry him. She had a house built, and put over its door that whoever told the story of his life could stay there for nothing.
Meanwhile, Niels and his family went on toward Rome, but they met a man who showed them the holes in his shoes, and told them the shoes had been new when he left Rome. Discouraged, they turned back. They came upon the house and decided to stay there. The steward questioned the father and the older son, and told the princess that nothing had happened to them, but admitted he had not asked them all. The princess went herself. The older brother put in that he had forgotten to tell that his brother had found a sword. Niels, who had guessed this was a way to discover him, wanted to escape, but they found the sword, and searched him, finding the handkerchief and slipper. Niels was afraid that they would punish him, but the princess said only they must wait until her father returned. When he did, the princess married Niels, who was king after the king died.
Analysis.
The tale is classified in the Aarne-Thompson-Uther Index as ATU 304, "The Skillful Hunter" or "The Dangerous Night-Watch".
According to scholar Kurt Ranke, tale type 304 occurs in Europe (Central, Northern and "especially" Eastern) and is "frequent" in Turkish tradition.
Combinations.
Herbert Halpert and Widdowson stated that "a standard element" of this tale type was the decapitation of the robbers (or giants), a sequence of tale type AT 956, "Robbers' Heads cut off one by one as they enter house".
In some variants of ATU 304, before the hero enters the castle of the princesses and kills the giants, he meets a personified being (an old man or an old woman) that controls the day and night cycle, either with balls or yarns (a black one symbolizing the night, and a white one representing the day). The hero then ties this being up a tree so that it remains nighttime. He takes advantage of the cloak of darkness to lure the giants (robbers, in other variants) to the castle to kill them. This type of narrative is classified as another tale type: AaTh 723*, "Hero Binds Midnight, Dawn, and Midday".
This secondary sequence was identified by Herbert Halpert and J.D.A Widdowson as existing in "Hungary, Romania, Yugoslavia, Serbia, Bulgaria, Greece, Turkey, Georgia, Armenia [from Detroit immigrants], Bashkir, and Persia" and in two African variants. Professor Raluca Nicolae adds Albanian and East Bohemian tales where the motif appears.
In addition, Richard MacGillivray Dawkins described this sequence in regards to Greek variants of tale type ATU 552, "The Girls Who Married Animals": the hero stills finds a person who alternates day and night by manipulating balls of white and black yarn or skeins, whom he ties up a tree, and later finds a cadre of robbers or giants who intend to invade a nearby king's castle.
In turn, Hungarian-American scholar Linda Degh argued that the tale type 723* "was formed specifically in the Hungarian folk tradition".

</doc>
<doc id="6939002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939002" title="Appell sets">
Appell sets



</doc>
<doc id="6939015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939015" title="Pancreatic notch">
Pancreatic notch

The pancreatic notch is a separation between the neck of pancreas and the uncinate process of pancreas.

</doc>
<doc id="6939021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939021" title="1998 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
1998 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 1998 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 3, 1998 to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Jim Hodges, the Democratic nominee, handily defeated Republican governor David Beasley to become the 114th governor of South Carolina. Beasley was the first incumbent governor to be defeated for reelection since Daniel Henry Chamberlain in the disputed election of 1876. As of , this was the last time that a Democrat was elected Governor of South Carolina.
Democratic primary.
Jim Hodges, a state representative from the Midlands, faced no opposition from South Carolina Democrats and avoided a primary election.
Republican primary.
The South Carolina Republican Party held their primary on June 9, 1998 and it was a sign of trouble that Governor David Beasley faced opposition to his reelection within his own party. Nonetheless, he easily defeated Bill Able, an attorney from Columbia, to become the Republican nominee for governor in the general election.
General election campaign.
Hodges started the campaign with a low name recognition across the state and early on it was decided by his camp to make education as their chief issue for the election. Immediately, Hodges blamed Governor Beasley for the poor SAT scores and the low achievement levels by the students of the state. Beasley was cited for his opposition to all-day kindergarten and Hodges proposed a state lottery to pay for the funding of pre-school and to also grant college scholarships. The lottery proved to be enormously popular with blacks because many could not afford to send their children to pre-school and with soccer moms who were worried by the rapidly increasing cost of higher education.
Beasley responded by trying to shift the focus of the campaign to Hodges' ties to the gambling industry. As much as 70% of the money supplied to Hodges campaign was given by the video poker operators. In addition, the Palmetto League was being financed by video poker to attack Beasley's flip-flopping on the Confederate flag issue. Hodges keenly avoided discussing the Confederate flag issue to enable him to keep the support of blacks while also attracting disaffected whites.
To tie in South Carolinians' dissatisfaction with education of the state and the Confederate flag issue, Kevin Geddings of the Hodges campaign created a series of ads featuring a character called "Bubba." Portrayed by Kerry Maher, Bubba was Georgia convenience store clerk dressed in Georgia Bulldogs garb who spoke with a thick Southern accent. The 30 second ads featured Bubba talking about how the Georgia lottery money was being used to improve schools there and the commercials would always end by Bubba saying, "Here in Georgia, we love David Beasley." Bubba was quickly elevated to celebrity status in South Carolina and was even adored by Gamecock fans when he made appearances at Williams-Brice Stadium for USC football games.
Results.
The general election was held on November 3, 1998 and Jim Hodges was decisively elected as the next governor of South Carolina. Unsurprisingly, Hodges performed extremely well in the rural counties, but it was the unexpectedly strong vote of the Lowcountry in his favor that enabled Hodges to defeat Beasley. Turnout was much less percentage-wise than the previous election because approximately a half-million new voters were added to the rolls, but many of those chose not to vote in the election.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6939022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939022" title="Solaode">
Solaode



</doc>
<doc id="6939027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939027" title="Charles bargue">
Charles bargue



</doc>
<doc id="6939030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939030" title="George Buchheit">
George Buchheit

George Clifford Buchheit (March 22, 1898 – May 24, 1972) was an American college basketball coach. He was the head of the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team of the University of Kentucky from 1920 to 1924, where he compiled a 44–27 record. From 1924 to 1928, Buchheit was the head coach of the Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team of Duke University.
From 1932 to 1945, he was the head coach for the Bloomsburg University of Pennsylvania football team and compiled a 15–27–4 record.
Buchheit attended University of Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="6939032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939032" title="De Palma">
De Palma

De Palma or DePalma or De Palmas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6939034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939034" title="Dal Bati Churma">
Dal Bati Churma



</doc>
<doc id="6939040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939040" title="Two body problem">
Two body problem



</doc>
<doc id="6939043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939043" title="Twin Warriors">
Twin Warriors



</doc>
<doc id="6939056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939056" title="QT Inc.">
QT Inc.

QT Incorporated is the manufacturer of the Q-Ray ionized bracelet and a line of sports socks. It is headed by the infomercial entrepreneur, Que Te "Andrew" Park. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has found the bracelets are part of a scheme devised to defraud consumers.
Legal actions.
The company was sued by the Federal Trade Commission in 2003 for false advertising.
2003 FTC injunction.
Mayo Clinic published a study in 2002 showing definitively that Q-Ray bracelets have no effect upon muscle pain relative to the placebo effect. This study prompted the Federal Trade Commission to impose an injunction on QT Inc. the following year, preventing any further claims regarding pain relief.
2006 follow-up case.
On September 8, 2006, a federal judge ordered QT Inc. to pay back $22.5 million "in ill-gotten gains." The defendants could owe even more—up to $87 million—depending on how many Q-Ray customers seek refunds. U.S. Magistrate Judge Morton Denlow wrote a 136-page opinion and concluded: "Park made up the theory that the bracelet works like acupuncture or Eastern medicine. He has no testing or studies to support his theory." Thus, the theory was made "...to defraud consumers out of millions of dollars by preying on their desire to find a simple solution to alleviate their physical pain." On January 3, 2007, the Seventh Circuit affirmed the lower court's ruling.
Current state of affairs.
QT Inc. continues to sell Q-Ray Bracelets online. 
Q-Ray also sells Q-Ray Sport Socks which are claimed to enhance energy flow, increase positive energy, increase performance, and make the wearer feel taller.

</doc>
<doc id="6939057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939057" title="True noon">
True noon



</doc>
<doc id="6939058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939058" title="Lois Conner">
Lois Conner

Lois Conner (born 1951) is an American photographer. She is noted particularly for her platinum print landscapes that she produces with a 7" x 17" format banquet camera.
Early life.
Conner was born in New York City in 1951 and grew up in southern Pennsylvania. She dedicated herself to the arts from a young age: learning about photography from her father at 9 years old, apprenticing with a painter as a teenager, and later studying fashion design and taking dance, art, and photography classes in New York City. Conner credits Philippe Halsman, her photography teacher at The New School, for her ultimately choosing to study photography.
Education.
Lois Conner received her BFA in photography from the Pratt Institute. At Yale University, where she received her MFA in 1981, she met and studied with Tod Papageorge and Richard Benson. She moved to New York City in 1971 where she worked for the United Nations until 1984.
Exhibitions.
The Sackler Gallery in Washington (National Museum of Art) presented a retrospective of her work, "Landscape as Culture", in 1994. Among her other exhibitions were solo shows "Asie-la ligne du paysage" (1997) in Lausanne, Switzerland, "The Silk Road: Trade, Travel, War and Faith" (2005) and "Twirling the Lotus: Photographs of China and Tibet" (2007) in London, "Beijing: Unfurling the Landscape" (2014) at Australian National University, and "A Long View" at the Shanghai Center of Photography (2018). Recent work has included a series of portraits of pregnant women.
Publications.
Books of work by Conner.
 Upcoming publications include: "American Trees" (Yale University Art Gallery) and "Beijing Spectacle-Ruination and Reinvention".
Collections.
Conner's work is included in the collections of the Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Sackler Gallery in Washington, D.C., the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Australian National Gallery in Canberra, the Victoria and Albert Museum in London and the British Library.
Awards.
Conner was awarded John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation grants in 1984 and 1985, which enabled her to photograph in China. She was also the recipient of a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship and the Anonymous Was a Woman fellowship.

</doc>
<doc id="6939059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939059" title="Naftali Zvi Halberstam">
Naftali Zvi Halberstam



</doc>
<doc id="6939068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939068" title="Clarence Applegran">
Clarence Applegran

Clarence O. Applegran (November 6, 1893 – May 6, 1960) was an American basketball coach. He was the head coach of the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team of the University of Kentucky in 1924–1925, and compiled a 13–8 record.
Applegran attended the University of Illinois and played football and basketball. During the 1919 season, Applegran earned All-American honors as a guard for the Fighting Illini football team. He later played professional football for the Detroit Heralds for the 1920 season before beginning his coaching career.
Applegran, who served in World Wars I and II and rose to the rank of colonel, finished his career at South Shore High School in Chicago, Illinois. At the school, Applegran was known for a booming baritone voice that required no amplification during pep rallies held in the large auditorium.

</doc>
<doc id="6939078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939078" title="Zalishchyky Raion">
Zalishchyky Raion

Zalishchyky Raion () was a raion (district) of Ternopil Oblast. The administrative centre and largest town was Zalishchyky. The rest of the district's population lived in one of 35 village councils or 53 rural settlements. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Ternopil Oblast to three. The area of Zalishchyky Raion was merged into Chortkiv Raion. The last estimate of the raion population was 
Subdivisions.
The raion (district) was subdivided into 37 administrative formations known as "rada" (councils). In parentheses are included populated places belonging to the rada (council).
Before the raion was abolished, as part of the 2020 administrative reform there were created two hromadas (communities):
Populated places.
Towns
Urban type settlements
Villages

</doc>
<doc id="6939079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939079" title="Jorge López (footballer, born 1978)">
Jorge López (footballer, born 1978)

Jorge López Montaña (; born 19 September 1978) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a right midfielder.
Over 11 seasons, he amassed La Liga totals of 271 matches and 36 goals, representing Villarreal, Valencia, Mallorca, Racing de Santander and Zaragoza in the competition and winning major titles with the second club, including the 2004 national championship.
Club career.
López was born in Logroño, La Rioja. A product of hometown CD Logroñés' youth system, he signed for Villarreal CF in summer 1999, with whom he achieved La Liga promotion at the end of the season. Making his top-flight debut on 10 September 2000 in a 1–5 home loss against Rayo Vallecano, he finished the campaign missing only three league matches and scoring eight goals, with the Valencians finishing seventh.
Joining neighbours Valencia CF for 2003–04 in a €4 million deal, López played 26 matches and netted four times as they were proclaimed national champions. After a loan to fellow top-division side RCD Mallorca, he would only total 19 league appearances the next two seasons, mainly due to injuries.
López was released by Valencia in 2007, and was signed by Racing de Santander on a free transfer, where he was a key element in their first-ever qualification for the UEFA Cup after a sixth-place finish. On 25 November 2007, he scored the game's only goal in a home victory over his previous club.
Having already played one game in the 2008–09 season with Racing, a 1–1 home draw to Sevilla FC, López was sold to Segunda División's Real Zaragoza on 1 September 2008, for €3 million. He scored seven goals in 38 matches as his new team immediately returned to the top tier, surpassing the 3,000-minute mark, but featured significantly less the following campaign although he began it in the starting XI.
López left Zaragoza in July 2011, after failing to negotiate a new contract. He had his first experience abroad at the age of 33, joining OFI Crete F.C. in Greece.
In January 2013 López, who had become a free player due to financial problems in his previous club, moved to Belgium and joined several compatriots (including manager Víctor Fernández) at K.A.A. Gent. Following a brief spell in his country's Segunda División B with Cádiz CF, he retired at the age of 36.
Personal life.
López's younger brother, Iñigo, was also a footballer.
Honours.
Villarreal
Valencia

</doc>
<doc id="6939088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939088" title="Abby Newman">
Abby Newman

Abby Newman is a fictional character from the American CBS soap opera "The Young and the Restless". The character was introduced on November 13, 2000, as the daughter of Ashley Abbott (Eileen Davidson) and Victor Newman (Eric Braeden). The role was portrayed by Darcy Rose Byrnes as a child until 2008, when the character was rapidly aged to a teenager, with Hayley Erin assuming the role the following year. In 2010, the character rapidly aged to adulthood, with Emme Rylan cast as Erin's replacement. Rylan was let go in 2012 due to budgetary cuts but returned months later in February 2013 on a recurring status following viewer complaints. However, her return was cut short once Rylan vacated the role to join "General Hospital" as Lulu Spencer. Melissa Ordway was then hired as her recast, who made her debut on April 16, 2013. Rylan compared Abby to her previous role, Lizzie Spaulding on "Guiding Light", saying they were both wealthy heiresses who cause trouble. Upon Abby's return in 2013, Rylan felt that she had become "more mature".
Casting.
In 2003, Darcy Rose Byrnes began portraying the character on "The Young and the Restless" and "The Bold and the Beautiful". Byrnes' run came to an end in June 2008 when Noah Newman was aged to a teenager, and Abby's character was soon to follow. In December 2008, it was announced that Hayley Erin had been cast to portray a teenaged version of the character. In March 2010, it was announced that the character had rapidly aged again to an adult, with Marcy Rylan scheduled to join the cast. Erin made her final appearance on April 14, with Rylan's debut on May 18, 2010. Previously, Rylan was known for her three-year portrayal of Lizzie Spaulding on "Guiding Light".
In December 2011, Rylan took a maternity leave and was absent from the soap opera for several weeks.
In September 2012, it was announced that Rylan had been let go from "The Young and the Restless" reportedly due to budgetary cuts, with her last airdate on October 23, 2012. Within two months of her departure, it was announced that Rylan would be returning due to viewer complaints; her recurring return began on February 11, 2013. However, Rylan was announced to exit again soon after when news broke of her casting in the contract role of Lulu Spencer on ABC's "General Hospital", Rylan vacated the role on April 10, 2013. Melissa Ordway was then announced to take over the role, with her debut on April 16, 2013. From late 2017 to February 2018, Ordway took maternity leave, with Abby returning during the episode that originally aired on March 8, 2018. In November 2024, Ordway announced she had been demoted to recurring status.
Development.
Characterization.
Abby was conceived when Ashley Abbott, desperate to have Victor Newman's child to replace the one whom she aborted years prior, stole his sperm from Diane Jenkins, who had obtained the sample illegally from a fertility lab. Ashley then secretly inseminated herself, and Abigail, "Abby" for short, was born on November 13, 2000. Abby believed her father was Brad Carlton and was consequently given his last name. When Ashley had cancer, she recorded a video message for Abby to see when she was older and revealed Victor was her biological father. Ashley survived her cancer, but Abby saw the video without her mother's knowledge and ran to Victor. After the truth came out, she changed her name to Abigail Carlton Newman. In 2008, Abby's birth year was revised to 1994 when she was said to be 14 years old in December 2008. With the role being recast in 2010, Abby's birth year is revised to 1988 when she is aged to 21.
Rylan was initially afraid that Abby was very similar to Lizzie Spaulding as they were both wealthy rich heiresses who caused trouble. Rylan embraces typecast and stated that as an actor, it is good to be seen as someone who can play "good, bad, and the in-between". Rylan's Abby first appears in May 2010, promoting herself as an animal rights activist. She garners the nickname 'The Naked Heiress' when she flashes photographers in the lobby of Jabot Cosmetics.
Rylan states that Abby is a member of the Newmans and the Abbotts and "Abby is a little more half-and-half." Emme Rylan believes that Abby is such a rebel because she needs attention to feel like she matters to those around her. Abby's reality-TV star personality leads many to believe that Abby is the next Paris Hilton.
After a short departure, Abby returns to Genoa City in 2013. Rylan felt that she was "more mature" and said, "For the first time, Abby is feeling a little embarrassed about her previous choices [...] She's trying really hard to be a better person...and figure out where she fits if she's not running around naked."
Romance.
In 2010, Abby was romantically linked with Daniel Romalotti. Soon after, she began flirting with Daniel Romalotti when the two begin sharing romantic interactions. Abby had sex with Daniel in the Newman pool house, and she recorded it for her reality show. Abby and Daniel's relationship was outed when Nikki Newman and Daniel's mother, Phyllis Summers, saw Abby and Daniel making out in public. Their relationship continued for a while, but when Abby found out that Daniel fathered a child with Daisy Carter, she broke up with him.
Upon Abby's return, Abby is romantically linked to Marco Dapper's Carmine Basco, when the two begin dating, much to him being shunned by the town, but Abby is able to convince some of them that Carmine is a good soul. However the relationship wasn't given closure upon Rylan's exit from the soap opera. Dapper admitted in an interview that the writers "didn't really know what to do with him after Abby left the first time". He also stated that he hoped Carmine would have more of a "darker turn", and that he still believes there is a "left over spark" with Abby as their storyline "was never finished" and "nothing was wrapped up properly".
Shortly after her failed relationship with Carmine, Abby took romantic interest in Detective Ignacio Serricchio's Alex Chavez, and they began dating. However, the relationship was short-lived when the writers soon began developing Abby's relationship with Redaric Williams's Tyler Michaelson. According to Williams, Tyler is "intrigued" by Abby's unpredictable nature and said that their natural attraction could lead to romance. However, Williams hinted that Tyler's interest in Abby could be his attempt to "suppress his feelings" for Lily. Abby and Tyler's relationship faced some interference from Tyler's ex-fiancée, Mariah Copeland, but she seemed to back off leading to Tyler proposing to Abby and they became engaged. However, Abby breaks off the engagement when Mariah's interferences causes Abby to believe Tyler is still in love with Mariah.
Storylines.
Abby went with Ashley when she left Genoa City to work for Jabot International in Hong Kong. Ashley later moved to Los Angeles with Abby, and later London, England for Ashley's work with Forrester Creations. Ashley traveled to Paris, France in search of Abby's father, Victor. Abby's parents eventually reunited and Brad became jealous when Abby bonded more with her real father Victor. However, Brad drowned in 2009, and his daughter, Colleen Carlton, died by a similar fate several months later in 2009, leaving Abby as the sole beneficiary to the Carlton estate. After the deaths of the Carltons, Abby began to rebel against her parents. She pursued the much older Ryder Callahan, and she unknowingly assisted with one of his schemes with his sister, Daisy Carter. Eventually, they were caught, and Abby decided to avoid the siblings.
Abby protested in front the lobby of Jabot Cosmetics after Tucker McCall became the company owner. Abby did not know that her mother returned to become CEO. Then, Abby planned to start her own reality television show, entitled "The Naked Heiress", but she didn't have the money to fund her dream. After her parents refused to help her, Abby hired Rafe Torres as her lawyer to sue her parents for her inheritance. Soon after, she began flirting with Daniel Romalotti. When Billy and Victoria Newman Abbott refused to help Abby with her reality television dream, she blackmailed Billy to be featured in his magazine, "Restless Style". She eventually revealed Billy and Victoria's secret Jamaican marriage to their family and friends. Seemingly unstoppable, the judge then denied Abby's plea for her inheritance. Meanwhile, Abby had sex with Daniel in the Newman pool house, and she recorded it for her reality show. Abby and Daniel's relationship was outed when Nikki Newman and Daniel's mother, Phyllis Summers, saw Abby and Daniel making out in public. Their relationship continued for a while, but when Abby found out that Daniel fathered a child with Daisy Carter, she broke up with him. After she witnessed her mother kissing Tucker McCall, she asked him to go into business with her. When Tucker turned her down, Abby decided to take a bubble bath in Katherine Chancellor's pool at the annual Chancellor Fourth of July party. Abby's inheritance was then withheld indefinitely. To spite her parents, Abby rode a horse, while naked, inside the Genoa City Athletic Club while Victor and Nikki were celebrating their engagement. She was arrested and thrown in jail. Upon her release, Abby decided to reopen her lawsuit against Victor, with the help of her uncle Jack Abbott. Later, Abby's half-siblings Victoria and Nicholas Newman joined her in her lawsuit. Victor tried to bargain with his children, but they wanted his cosmetics line, "Beauty of Nature". He refused their offer, and with the help of testimonies from their estranged half-brother Adam Newman and Neil Winters, they each received $500 million in the settlement.
When a powerful storm hit Genoa City, Abby searched for her mother, and she found Tucker with Diane Jenkins. When Tucker proposed to Ashley in 2010, Abby was disgusted with her stepfather-to-be. Meanwhile, Abby now had the funds to produce "The Naked Heiress", and she made her debut by stripping at Gloworm. She was then arrested and thrown in jail for indecent exposure. Abby invited her mother on a girls' night out in an attempt to repair their relationship. In reality, she lured her mother to a cabin where she had manipulated Tucker into meeting Diane. On the way, Abby accidentally crashed into Tucker, leaving him severely injured. Ashley switched places with Abby, and she was jailed for her "reckless driving". Abby soon remembered that she was the driver, but her parents sent her to rehab to prevent her from confessing the truth. Before she left, she made a confessional tape with the truth about the accident, and the tape fell into the hands of Diane Jenkins and Deacon Sharpe. Abby returned from rehab after only a few days, and Tucker woke up from his coma soon after. He married Ashley from his hospital bed the next day. He, too, remembered that Abby hit him, not Ashley. Abby decided to come clean to Tucker, and he forgave her. They decided to keep the truth between the two of them. With Diane threatening to reveal her confession tape to the public, she met her in the town park. The next day, Abby woke up with dirt on her clothes to hear the news that Diane's body was found in the park. Abby remembered wrestling with Diane for a key to a safe where her confession tape was located. Detective Ronan Malloy revealed that a key was found in Diane's throat. Ashley also met with Diane on the night of the murder, and she learned that Tucker did actually have an affair with Diane. Ashley apologized to Abby for not believing her. Detective Malloy eventually found a flash drive with Abby's confession hidden in a piece of evidence. The police arrested Abby for hitting Tucker with her car, but Tucker saved her when he told the police that Abby was not the driver. After Ashley and Tucker's official wedding ceremony in 2011, Abby went on vacation to Los Angeles, California for the holidays.
She is now working at Newman alongside her sister Victoria and father Victor and just married Ben Rayburn on December 31, 2015, but is having doubts.
Married life seemed to be agreeing with Abby. It looked as if Ben and Abby had the perfect life laid out for them. That is until Stitch's (Ben Rayburn's) son Max was orphaned after his mom (Ben's ex) was killed in a car accident the day of his and Abby's wedding. Stitch's son and mother were en route to the wedding so Max could be a part of his father's wedding. But misfortune took and Ben's son ended up at the Genoa City Police Department with the department's police chief and lead detective, Paul Williams. Following the wedding, Ben is phoned by Paul from the station of an emergency and he and Abby rush to join Max and Paul there.
Reception.
Tommy Garrett of the website Highlight Hollywood slammed executive producer Jill Farren Phelps for her initial firing of Rylan, who he described as "the best thing on "Y&amp;R" in decades". Garrett was unfavorable of Ordway's performance, calling her "Melissa Ordinary" and stating that she is "as exciting to watch, as being stuck in traffic on the L.A. Freeway". "Soap Opera Digest" wrote that letting Rylan "slip away" to join "General Hospital" was "puzzling". "Soaps in Depth" was also critical of the soap opera's decision to let Rylan leave for "General Hospital", writing: "Turns out if you snooze, you really "do" lose. Anyone requiring proof that "The Young and the Restless" corrected a recent blunder by bringing Emme Rylan back as Abby... and then allowed her to be stolen away by "General Hospital", where she'll take over the role of Lulu. Adding insult to injury? Just how much Rylan's return reminded us of how much we loved her as Abby!" They also wrote that they would "never understand how "Y&amp;R" was foolish enough to let Rylan slip through their fingers not once but twice". The magazine praised the character's change in maturity, describing her as the "new, improved Abby". They wrote:
In 2022, Melissa received her first Daytime Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series.
Charlie Mason and Richard Simms from "Soaps She Knows" named Abby's affair with Devon Hamilton (Bryton James) as the "Most Shocking Hookup" of soap operas of 2022, commenting that their "jaws definitely dropped when "Young &amp; Restless" Devon and Abby suddenly started going at it on the couch... and the stairs... and against the wall...".

</doc>
<doc id="6939110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939110" title="Pickney Benton Stewart Pinchback">
Pickney Benton Stewart Pinchback



</doc>
<doc id="6939118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939118" title="Tangalooma">
Tangalooma



</doc>
<doc id="6939126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939126" title="Drexel University College of Computing and Informatics">
Drexel University College of Computing and Informatics

The Drexel University College of Computing &amp; Informatics (CCI), formerly the College of Information Science and Technology or iSchool, is one of the primary colleges of Drexel University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The College of Computing &amp; Informatics has faculty and administrative offices, research laboratories, collaborative learning spaces, and classrooms located at 3675 Market Street (University City Campus) Philadelphia, PA. The current dean is Yi Deng. 
CCI was formed in September 2013 with the merging of the former College of Information Science and Technology (iSchool), the Department of Computer Science, and the Department of Computing and Security Technology. CCI is part of the iSchools Caucus and the former College of Information Science and Technology was one of the three founding members of the iSchool Caucus.
History.
CCI was created in 2013 as a result of merging the former College of Information Science and Technology (iSchool), the Department of Computer Science, and the Department of Computing and Security Technology. Details regarding the history of the iSchool is below:
Programs.
Undergraduate.
The College of Computing &amp; Informatics offers six undergraduate programs: the Bachelor of Science in Information Systems (BSIS), Data Science (BSDS), Information Technology (BSIT), Software Engineering (BSSE), Computing and Security Technology, Computer Science (CS), and the BS/MS Accelerated Degree Program which allows students to complete both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree in five years. Most of the undergraduates take advantage of Drexel's long-standing co-op program to get real-world work experience before graduation.
The college also has a Peer Mentor program through which incoming undergraduate students are assigned mentors who are current students in CCI programs. Any student who fits the criteria can apply to be a Peer Mentor after their first year and be interviewed for selection.
Graduate.
The college offers master's programs including the Master of Science in Information with majors in Library and Information Science and Human-Computer Interaction and User Experience, the Master of Science in Data Science (MSDS), the Master of Science in Information Systems (MSIS), the Master of Science in Software Engineering (MSSE), the Master of Science in Computer Science (MSCS), the Master of Science in Artificial Intelligence &amp; Machine Learning (MSAIML), the online Master of Science in Health Informatics (MSHI), and a joint program with the Electrical &amp; Computer Engineering Department of Drexel's College of Engineering, the Master of Science in Cybersecurity (MSC). Apart from these specialized programs, a dual degree (MS/MSIS) in Master of Science in Library and Information Science (MS) and Master of Science in Information Systems (MSIS) is also offered. The college also awards PhD degrees in Information Science and Computer Science, and offers various certificate programs for Professional Development.
Special programs.
The former iSchool hosted the Pennsylvania Governor's School for Information, Society and Technology (PGSIST) from 1998 until 2008, at which time the PGSIST was canceled due to statewide budget cuts. The program included a full scholarship summer enrichment program which was committed to meeting the educational needs of academically talented high school students through a five-week-long on college campus program.
Developed jointly by the former iSchool and the Computer Science Department, Drexel now hosts the Drexel University Computing Academy (DUCA). DUCA is a five-week program that allows high school sophomores and juniors with an interest in the computer field to not only learn about various topics in computing, but also to work on group projects, experience a university environment by living on campus, and participate in various activities in and around Philadelphia.
Rankings.
In 2007, the College ranked 5th nationally for specialized programs in information systems, 6th nationally for specialized programs in digital librarianship. Overall the library and information science program was ranked 11th for Library and Information Studies Specialties.
In 2009, "U.S. News &amp; World Report" ranked The iSchool, College of Information Science and Technology's library and information science graduate program 9th for Library and Information Studies Specialties.
In 2013, "U.S. News &amp; World Report" ranked The iSchool, College of Information Science and Technology's library and information science graduate program 10th in the nation for Library Science master's programs as part of the 2014 "America's Best Graduate Schools" edition.
The College was also ranked by "U.S. News &amp; World Report" in 2013 in the following specialties: Health Librarianship (#1), Information Systems (#3), Digital Librarianship (#6), Services for Children and Youth (#9), School Library Media (#10), and Archives and Preservation (#12).
In 2018 the school was ranked in the top 25 STEM schools in the US by Forbes. 
In 2018 the school was ranked in the top 10 in the US for Best Online Colleges for Master's in Library Science by The Guide to Online Schools/SR Education Group.
In 2019 the school was ranked in the top 20 in the US for Online Graduate Computer Information Technology Programs by U.S.News &amp; World Report.
In 2020 Cyber Degrees ranked the school as having the number 1 online undergraduate Cybersecurity degree program in the US.
In 2020 the school was ranked in the top 5 schools in the US for Information Science degrees by College Factual.
Facilities.
The College's former facilities include the Rush Building at the corner of 33rd Street and Lancaster Avenue. Constructed in 1904, the Hospital for the Treatment of Consumption and Related Diseases was named after Benjamin Rush, the famous 18th-century Philadelphia physician and one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence. In 1961, Drexel University acquired the building to in part house its Graduate School of Library Science.
From 1978 to 1981, the Rush Building was renovated for sole use by the library and information science programs. The project cost $2.4 million, $1 million of which came from a Pew Charitable Trusts grant. In 2006 the lobby was renovated and the Alumni Garden was expanded. In 2008, the Computing Resource Center (computer lab for use exclusively by IST students) was remodeled and renamed the iCommons.
In April 2019 the college consolidated facilities for faculty, staff, and students, moving into leased space in uCity Square, a complex of buildings in University City. State of the art offices and classrooms dedicated to the College of Computing &amp; Informatics occupied two floors of the building at 3675 Market Street. On May 2, 2019, a ribbon cutting ceremony was held to officially open the space. In September 2019, a third floor opened with the DXC Technology Innovation Lab, a maker space, a research lab, and additional offices and classrooms for faculty and students. Currently the 9th, 10th, and 11th floors are occupied by CCI. Students have access to the high-quality workspaces which are provided and operated by CIC. Furthermore, students have access to a cafe on the 1st floor of 3675 Market Street and The Quorum, a conference space.

</doc>
<doc id="6939137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939137" title="Cullen Jones">
Cullen Jones

Cullen Andrew Jones (born February 29, 1984) is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist who specialized in freestyle sprint events. As part of the American team, he holds the world record in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay (long course). At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he won silver medals in the 4 x 100-meter freestyle relay and the 50-meter freestyle, as well as the gold in the 4 x 100-metre medley.
Childhood.
Born on Leap day of 1984 in the Bronx borough of New York City, Jones moved to Irvington, New Jersey, while in elementary school. He learned to swim after he was rescued from a near-drowning at a splash-down pool at Dorney Park &amp; Wildwater Kingdom in Pennsylvania when he was five years old. He became an age-group swimmer at Metro Express, a club team at the Jewish Community Center in West Orange, New Jersey under head coach Ed Nessel. Jones later switched teams to the Jersey Gators Swim Club in Cranford under Lou Petroziello. Jones graduated from Saint Benedict's Preparatory School in Newark in 2002. While there, he swam for coach Glenn Cassidy and set numerous Essex County swimming records.
Swimming career.
Jones attended North Carolina State University, where he studied English and swam for the NC State Wolfpack swimming and diving team in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) competition from 2003 to 2006.
2006.
He turned professional in the summer of 2006, after signing with Nike and burst onto the scene shortly after at the 2006 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships where he set a meet record in the 50-meter freestyle with a time of 21.84 seconds. He also swam a leg (split of 47.96) in the world record breaking 4×100-meter freestyle relay along with Michael Phelps, Neil Walker and Jason Lezak.
2007.
In 2007, he also won a gold medal in 4×100-meter freestyle relay with the same teammates in the 2007 World Aquatics Championships.
2008 Summer Olympics.
Jones is the first African-American to hold a world record (4×100-meter freestyle relay) in swimming. At the 2008 United States Olympic Trials, Jones broke the American record in the 50-meter freestyle with a time of 21.59. The record was subsequently broken the next day by Garrett Weber-Gale. At the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China, he won a gold medal in the 4×100-meter freestyle relay in a world record time of 3:08.24 with Michael Phelps, Jason Lezak and Garrett Weber-Gale.
2009.
In July 2009, Jones set the American record in the 50-meter freestyle at the U.S. National Championships in Indianapolis, Indiana.
2012.
2012 US Olympic Trials.
At the 2012 United States Olympic Trials in Omaha, Nebraska, the qualifying meet for the 2012 Olympics, Jones made the Olympic team for the second time by finishing first in the 50-meter freestyle and second in the 100-meter freestyle, which subsequently qualified him for the 4×100-meter freestyle relay. In the 50-meter freestyle final, Jones won with a time of 21.59, one one-hundredth (0.01) of a second ahead of second-place finisher Anthony Ervin (21.60).
2012 Summer Olympics.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Jones won silver medals in the 50-meter freestyle and the 4×100-meter freestyle relay. He earned a gold medal in the 4×100-meter medley relay after swimming the freestyle leg in the preliminaries. He also competed in the 100-meter freestyle, but did not qualify for the event finals.
The 2012 U.S. Olympic swim team was the first U.S. Olympic swim team with more than one black swimmer on it, Jones made history with Anthony Ervin and Lia Neal by being the three African-Americans on the team.
Personal bests (long course).
Key: NR = National record

</doc>
<doc id="6939138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939138" title="World News on ABC with Charles Gibson">
World News on ABC with Charles Gibson



</doc>
<doc id="6939158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939158" title="Repetunitis">
Repetunitis



</doc>
<doc id="6939163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939163" title="Black Skin, White Masks">
Black Skin, White Masks

Black Skin, White Masks () is a 1952 book by philosopher-psychiatrist Frantz Fanon. The book is written in the style of autoethnography, with Fanon sharing his own experiences while presenting a historical critique of the effects of racism and dehumanization, inherent in situations of colonial domination, on the human psyche.
The violent overtones in Fanon can be broken down into two categories: The violence of the colonizer through annihilation of body, psyche, culture, along with the demarcation of space, and secondly, the violence of the colonized as an attempt to retrieve dignity, sense of self, and history through anti-colonial struggle.
Summary.
"Black Skin, White Masks" applies a historical critique on the complex ways in which identity, particularly Blackness, is constructed and produced. Fanon confronts complex formations of colonized psychic constructions of Blackness. He applies psychoanalysis to explain the feelings of dependency and inadequacy that black people experience. Fanon portrays white people as having a deep-seated fear of educated blacks. He argues that, no matter how assimilated to white norms a black person may become, whites will always exercise a sense of 'inferiority.' This way of thinking was designed to keep 'Blacks' stuck in an "inferior status within a colonial order." The divided self-perception of a Black Subject who has lost his native cultural origin, and embraced the culture of the Mother Country, produces an inferior sense of self in the "Black Man." The Black Man will try to appropriate and imitate the culture of the colonizer—donning the "white masks" of the book's title. Such behavior is more readily evident in upwardly mobile and educated Black people who can afford to acquire status symbols within the world of the colonial ecumene, such as an education abroad and mastery of the language of the colonizer.
Based upon, and derived from, the concepts of the collective unconscious and collective catharsis, the sixth chapter, "The Negro and Psychopathology", presents brief, deep psychoanalyses of colonized black people, and thus proposes the inability of black people to fit into the norms (social, cultural, racial) established by white society (the colonizer). That "a normal Negro child, having grown up in a normal Negro family, will become abnormal on the slightest contact of the white world." That, in a white society, such an extreme psychological response originates from the unconscious and unnatural training of black people, from early childhood, to associate "blackness" with "wrongness". That such unconscious mental training of black children is effected with comic books and cartoons, which are cultural media that instil and affix, in the mind of the white child, the society's cultural representations of black people as villains. Moreover, when black children are exposed to such images of villainous black people, the children will experience a psychopathology (psychological trauma), which mental wound becomes inherent to their individual, behavioral make-up: a part of the child's personality. That the early-life suffering of said psychopathology – black skin associated with villainy – creates a collective nature among the men and women who were reduced to colonized populations. In "Black Skin, White Masks," Fanon speaks about Mayotte Capécia and Abdoulaye Sadji, writers contemporary with him. Fanon describes "I Am a Martinican Woman" and "Nini, mulâtresse du Sénégal" as examples of some of the cultural damage of colonization. Capécia, a black woman, wants to marry a white man despite the social and cultural boundaries in place. Fanon believes Capécia is desperate for white approval. The colonial culture has left an impression on black Martinican women to believe that "whiteness is virtue and beauty" and that they can in turn "save their race by making themselves whiter."
In section B of chapter seven, on "The Black Man and Hegel", Fanon examines the dialectics of the philosopher and conveys his suspicions of the black man being under the rubric of a philosophy modeled after whiteness. According to Fanon there is a conflict that takes form internally as self-deprecation because of this white philosophical affirmation.
Reception.
First published in French in Paris, "Black Skin, White Masks" (1952) did not attract much mainstream attention in English-speaking countries. It explored the effects of colonialism and imposing a servile psychology upon the colonized man, woman, and child. The adverse effects were assessed as part of the post-colonial cultural legacy of the Mother Country to former imperial subjects. The book was translated into English by Charles L. Markmann, and published by Grove Press in 1967. In 2008 Grove published a new translation of the book, by Richard Philcox, which, it claims, "updates its language for a new generation of readers" (although opinions are mixed as to which translation is preferable).
Together with Fanon's "The Wretched of the Earth", it received wider attention during cultural upheavals starting in the 1960s, in the United States as well as former colonial countries in the Caribbean and Africa. It is considered an important anti-colonial, anti-racist, and Afro-pessimist work in Anglophone countries. But in Francophone countries, the book is ranked as a relatively minor Fanon work in comparison to his later, more radical works. The topic is explicitly connected culturally to the societies of the ethnic African and other peoples of color living within the French Colonial Empire (1534–1980).
The psychological and psychiatric insights remain valid, especially as applied by peoples of diverse colonial and imperial histories, such as the Palestinians and Kurds in the Middle East, the Tamils in Sri Lanka, the African Americans in the US, and Puerto Ricans, in their contemporary struggles for cultural and political autonomy. Contemporary theorists of nationalism and of anti-colonialism, of liberation theology and of cultural studies, have preferred Frantz Fanon's later culturally and politically revolutionary works, such as "The Wretched of the Earth" (1962). Nevertheless, "Black Skin, White Masks" continues to generate debate. In 2015, leading African studies scholar Lewis R. Gordon published a book titled "What Fanon Said: A Philosophical Introduction To His Life And Thought."
Anthony Elliott writes that "Black Skin, White Masks" is a seminal work.
Freedom and Blackness.
"Freedom and Blackness", according to Sidney Mintz, is not a culture deliberately set upon breaking "cultural rules and norms"; instead, its focus is to be free. Free to express themselves in a way that is authentic to the Caribbean culture, and free to be able to live free from those who were once called master. A culture separate from that of their European colonizers yet still be recognized on an equal level. This movement of freedom and blackness requires knowledge on multiple interdisciplinary studies, such as politics for emancipation, racial inequalities and post-emancipation, all within the context of a post-colonial world. Colonization, instead of helping countries, has destroyed culture all over the world. Colonization has enforced the thought process of "white supremacy" and has suppressed/eradicated cultures all over the Caribbean. An example of this, according to Fanon, is the Malagasy culture. He explains that the Malagasy culture has been colonized so much that if they were to be liberated, they would be left with nothing. Fanon regulates imagination of Blackness by his willingness to merely "envisage" through a rubric of epidermalization, which is yet another form of enclosure.
Body Schema.
Fanon reworks phenomenologist Maurice Merleau-Ponty's concept of the "body schema" in the fifth chapter of "Black Skin, White Masks". For Merleau-Ponty, the body schema refers to the set of tendencies or habits a body acquires in its interaction with the world, typically operating at a preconscious or nonconscious level. He famously claims that "acquiring a habit [is] the reworking and renewal of the body schema." However, Fanon challenges this understanding by arguing that the body schema is not simply shaped by habitual bodily action but by an "implicit knowledge" of the world that is inherently social and racialized. For Fanon, the formation of one's bodily awareness is from the outset marked by sociogenesis, that is, by social and historical forces.
On this basis, Fanon introduces the concept of the "historical racial schema", emphasizing that Black individuals acquire their body schema under the white gaze within a white-dominated world. The racist discourses and practices that saturate this world shape how Black bodies are perceived and lived. This schema offers an account of how the lived experience of Blackness, always positioned as inferior and cast as a phobic or hated object—is inseparable from the long history of racism, slavery, and colonialism. These historical processes are woven into the very conditions of Black being-in-the-world, such that the experience of Black existence is haunted by a structural and inescapable alienation.
From this, Fanon develops a third schema: the "epidermal racial schema". This concept articulates the lived experience of self-alienation specific to Black existence. In this schema, the Black subject is forced to adopt the white gaze, perceiving themselves as the object constructed by racist stereotypes. As Fanon writes, "disoriented, incapable of confronting the Other, … I transported myself on that particular day far, very far, from myself and gave myself up as an object" (92). By focusing on the epidermis, the surface of the skin, Fanon highlights how racism is not only discursive but deeply embodied. He implies that any critique of racism that overlooks its phenomenological and affective dimensions is ultimately insufficient.
Fanon's theorization of the body schema, historical racial schema, and epidermal racial schema has deeply influenced later thinkers in Black Studies and critical race theory. Scholars such as Hortense Spillers, Fred Moten, Calvin Warren, and Rizvana Bradley have taken up his emphasis on the visceral experience of racial objectification and the body as a site where racism is enacted. The notion of the "epidermal" also inspires Simone Browne's concept of "digital epidermalization", which explores how the mechanisms Fanon described continue to operate in contemporary digital surveillance technologies.
Phobogenesis.
Phobogenesis is a term derived from psychiatry and psychoanalysis, and is specifically obtained from the concept of the phobic object. This is a thing or person that elicits "irrational feelings of dread, fear, and hate" in a subject, and whose threat is often exaggerated. In the context of race, Fanon postulates that the black person is a phobogenic object, sparking anxiety in the eyes of white subjects. Fanon's definition of phobia is based on that of French psychologist Angelo Hesnard, who defined phobia as a "neurosis characterized by the anxious fear of an object (in the broadest sense of anything outside the individual) or, by extension, of a situation". Thus, black people as a phobogenic object elicit insecurity in white people. 
Fanon follows Hesnard's definition to assert that this insecurity causes both fear and hatred of the phobogenic object at the same time. Therefore, in Fanon's theory, the white subject finds the black person both revolting and threatening simultaneously. The reaction induced by the phobogenic object is extremely irrational and exaggerated, as is the danger posed by it. The object is attributed "evil intentions and … a malefic power", giving excessive weight to its threat to the white subject. This reaction prioritizes emotion and affect in a manner that "defies all rational thinking", Fanon's words, highlighting that the psychiatric aspect of racial hatred is not clearly or rationally explicable. As described by Fanon,the whole ideology sticks to one principle of perspective (the picture or illusion in one's mind) about something to convey a feeling or attitude.

</doc>
<doc id="6939164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939164" title="Stuck tune syndrome">
Stuck tune syndrome



</doc>
<doc id="6939172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939172" title="Baudolino (hermit)">
Baudolino (hermit)



</doc>
<doc id="6939176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939176" title="Ray Eklund">
Ray Eklund

Ray Eklund was the head coach of the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team of the University of Kentucky in 1926. He compiled a 15–3 record. Eklund attended University of Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="6939178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939178" title="KMYT (disambiguation)">
KMYT (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6939181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939181" title="Sound virus">
Sound virus



</doc>
<doc id="6939184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939184" title="Hempfield School District">
Hempfield School District

Hempfield School District is a school district of 6800+ students educated in 10 schools by 500+ teachers in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. It is a member of Lancaster-Lebanon Intermediate Unit (IU) 13.

</doc>
<doc id="6939190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939190" title="Buffalo Burrito">
Buffalo Burrito



</doc>
<doc id="6939192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939192" title="Abigail 'Abby' Carlton">
Abigail 'Abby' Carlton



</doc>
<doc id="6939193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939193" title="Melodymania">
Melodymania



</doc>
<doc id="6939198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939198" title="Conewago Creek (east)">
Conewago Creek (east)

Conewago Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Lebanon, Dauphin, and Lancaster counties in Pennsylvania in the United States. The source is at an elevation of at Mount Gretna Heights in Lebanon County. The mouth is the confluence with the Susquehanna River at an elevation of at the border of Dauphin and Lancaster counties, just south of Three Mile Island in the river and just north of the unincorporated village of Falmouth in Conoy Township, Lancaster County.
Name.
The name of the creek comes from the Lenape, meaning "at the rapids". The rapids are the Conewago Falls in the Susquehanna River, which also give their name to the other Conewago Creek, whose mouth is on the west bank of the Susquehanna River in York County, only south of the mouth of this Conewago Creek.
Course.
Conewago Creek flows generally southwest its entire length. The source is in Lebanon County in West Cornwall Township near the census-designated place of Mount Gretna Heights. It then flows through the borough of Mount Gretna and into South Londonderry Township and the census-designated place of Timber Hills. A small southern portion of South Annville Township is also in the watershed.
As Conewago Creek leaves Lebanon County, it forms the border between Dauphin County (to the north) and Lancaster County (to the south). In Dauphin County, the creek runs by Conewago Township first, then Londonderry Township. In Lancaster County, it runs by Mount Joy Township, West Donegal Township, just north of the borough of Elizabethtown, and finally Conoy Township.
Watershed.
The Conewago Creek watershed has a total area of and is part of the larger Chesapeake Bay drainage basin via the Susquehanna River. 53% of the watershed by area is given to agriculture. of Conewago Creek downstream of its confluence with Little Conewago Creek are impaired, that is they are "too polluted to sustain the kind of fish and other aquatic life that it could sustain if it were a healthy stream." Sections of four other tributaries, including Lynch Run, Hoffer Creek, and two unnamed tributaries, are also impaired. Agricultural surface runoff and sediment are the major pollutants.
Recreation.
Edward Gertler writes that Conewago Creek is "a fascinating little creek that is alternately either very easy or very exciting". Canoeing and kayaking on Conewago Creek are possible when the water is high enough (in spring and after hard rain), with of Class 1 to 3 whitewater located upstream of the mouth.
Several hiking trails are located in the Conewago Creek watershed, including the Conewago Recreational Trail, Lebanon Valley Rails-to-Trail, and Horse Shoe Trail.
Public hunting, trapping, and fishing are available on the of Pennsylvania State Game Lands No. 145 in Lebanon County. Conewago Creek between Dauphin and Lancaster counties has been designated as approved trout waters by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission. This means the waters will be stocked with trout and may be fished during trout season.

</doc>
<doc id="6939199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939199" title="William Washington Gordon">
William Washington Gordon

William Washington Gordon (January 17, 1796 – March 22, 1842) was an American politician and businessman.
Gordon was born in Screven County, Georgia. He was named after American Revolutionary War General William Washington under whom Gordon's father, Ambrose Gordon, served as a cavalry lieutenant.
Background.
Upon the death of Ambrose Gordon in 1804, William Washington Gordon was sent to school in Rhode Island and then attended the United States Military Academy. He graduated from that institution in 1815 and was the first person from Georgia to do so. He remained in the army for half a year, serving as an aide-de-camp to Edmund P. Gaines. He then returned to Savannah, Georgia to study law under James Moore Wayne.
Gordon married Wayne's niece, Sarah Anderson "Addy" Stites, in 1826 and purchased Wayne's Savannah home, at 10 East Oglethorpe Avenue, in 1830. Washington's granddaughter, Juliette Gordon Low—founder of the Girl Scouts of the United States of America—was born and raised in the house.
Gordon became a member of the state bar in 1820 and served in several local public positions. In 1834, Gordon was elected as the mayor of Savannah and served in that position until 1836. During his mayoral service, he was elected to the Georgia General Assembly as a member of the House of Representatives in 1835. In 1838, he was elected to the Georgia Senate.
He founded and served as the first president of the Central Railroad and Banking Company of Georgia, which would later be reorganized as the Central of Georgia Railway. Today the Central of Georgia lines are a component of the Norfolk Southern Railway.
Gordon died in Savannah in 1842 from bilious pleurisy and was originally buried in Colonial Cemetery in that city; however, his grave was later moved to Laurel Grove Cemetery. One year later, in 1843 the railroad he founded desecrated the important Native American site of Ocmulgee National Monument, sacred to the Creek Indians, when it constructed a rail line through the site that partially destroyed the Lesser Temple Mound. In 1873, the Central Railroad built a second rail line through the site, this time nearly destroying the Funeral Mound which contained the graves of the ancestors of the Creek Indians. The workers removed bones and other artifacts from this burial mound further desecrating this sacred site.
On June 25, 1882, the Central of Georgia Railroad and Banking Company constructed the William Washington Gordon Monument in Savannah's Wright Square. To do so they destroyed the grave of Indian Chief Tomochichi who had given General Oglethorpe the land on which to found the city of Savannah. Gordon's daughter-in-law, Nellie Kinzie Gordon, was outraged at this perceived insult to Tomochichi thus she and other members of the Colonial Dames of the State of Georgia erected a new monument to Tomochichi, made of granite from Stone Mountain, and located in the southwest corner of the square. Gordon, Georgia and Gordon County, Georgia are both named after Gordon.

</doc>
<doc id="6939206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939206" title="Parkerina">
Parkerina



</doc>
<doc id="6939209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939209" title="Pobóg Coat of Arms">
Pobóg Coat of Arms



</doc>
<doc id="6939216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939216" title="Greyhawk (disambiguation)">
Greyhawk (disambiguation)

Greyhawk can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6939218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939218" title="Parker's Date">
Parker's Date



</doc>
<doc id="6939222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939222" title="Figure skating club">
Figure skating club

A figure skating club is a local organization of figure skaters, often centered on a single ice rink. Typical club activities include arranging practice ice time, hosting test sessions and competitions, and producing an annual ice show in which club skaters may take part. Some clubs also emphasize non-skating social activities.
Practice ice.
Many ice rinks, particularly those that are municipally owned, do not sell practice ice directly to figure skaters. Instead, the local figure skating club contracts with the rink for blocks of ice time, which the club then resells to its members. At some clubs, the normal procedure is for skaters to contract in advance for an entire season's worth of ice time.
In North America, a relatively small number of skating clubs own their own rink instead of buying ice time. In recent years, it has also become more common for privately owned commercial rinks to run figure skating sessions themselves.
Figure skating coaches are typically private contractors paid directly by the skaters for their work, rather than employees of the skating club or rink. However, skating clubs can effectively make hiring decisions by requiring coaches to go through an approval process before being allowed to work on practice sessions controlled by the club.
Tests, competitions, and shows.
Some national skating federations such as the United States Figure Skating Association and Skate Canada define a graduated series of skill tests which are used to measure and reward skaters' progress, and to classify them into competition levels. Administration of these tests is largely left up to the individual skating clubs. Some clubs with a large and active membership may have a test session each month, or even more frequently. Other clubs that cater primarily to recreational skaters may have only one test session each year. In addition to being of benefit to skaters, test sessions are the primary means by which figure skating judges are trained.
Many clubs organize an annual competition. Most club competitions are focused on giving children an opportunity to perform. A low-level skater might compete a few times a year at competitions hosted by various clubs in their region. A few of the larger established club competitions attract elite competitors as well, who may use these events to try out new programs or receive a critique or evaluation from international judges.
Clubs may also host or assist in organizing a major competition from time to time. For example, the U.S. Figure Skating Championships are typically organized with the assistance of one or more local skating clubs in the host city, which share a portion of the event's profits.
Ice shows or "carnivals" are another annual tradition at many clubs. Again, the focus is usually on giving younger skaters an opportunity to participate. Often club shows feature one or two invited elite guest skaters who perform solos, while the club members skate in groups sorted by age or ability.

</doc>
<doc id="6939231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939231" title="The Fries That Bind">
The Fries That Bind



</doc>
<doc id="6939239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939239" title="W.W. Gordon">
W.W. Gordon



</doc>
<doc id="6939244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939244" title="W. W. Gordon">
W. W. Gordon



</doc>
<doc id="6939254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939254" title="New York State Route 23A">
New York State Route 23A

New York State Route 23A (NY 23A) is an east–west state highway in Greene County, New York, in the United States. It serves as a alternate route of NY 23 through the northern Catskill Mountains. The route passes several of the Catskill High Peaks, including Hunter Mountain, before dropping into the Hudson Valley via Kaaterskill Clove and ending at an intersection with U.S. Route 9W (US 9W) in the village of Catskill. NY 23A was assigned in the mid-1920s and has not been changed since. A portion of the route through Kaaterskill Clove was closed for several months in 2006 after landslides triggered by heavy rains damaged the route.
Route description.
NY 23A begins southeast of the hamlet of Prattsville at a three-way junction with NY 23 in the town of Prattsville. NY 23 enters the intersection from the northwest and turns left (east) to continue toward Windham while traffic proceeding straight through the junction is directed on NY 23A. It heads generally southward along the eastern banks of Schoharie Creek, continuing the course set by its parent route through northwestern Greene County. Along the way, the route serves numerous state-maintained parking areas providing direct access to the creek, a popular trout stream among fly fishermen. At one of these stops, it begins to run southwestward along the Blue Line delimiting the boundaries of Catskill Park. After , the creek and the route turn to the east, crossing into the park limits.
Inside the park, NY 23A deviates from the creek at various points, occasionally losing sight of the waterway, but it consistently follows the creek valley of the upper Schoharie to within a few miles of its source. At the first bend taking the stream away from the road, NY 42 comes up from the hamlet of Lexington to the immediate south, the first of four state routes to terminate at NY 23A. The road, previously level, begins to climb gently and steadily as it heads away from NY 42 and into the center of Greene County. Around the crossing of the East Kill east of Lexington, Rusk Mountain, the first major peak, comes into view to the south. The route continues to wind its way through the town of Jewett to the western fringe of the village of Hunter, where it connects to the south end of NY 296, a connector route that leads to NY 23 north of Hensonville.
The highway continues east into Hunter, one of only a handful of communities along NY 23A, becoming the village's main street. Here, the ski trails striping the Colonel's Chair, a corner of Hunter Mountain that hosts the eponymous ski area, come into view. Traffic, usually low here, becomes heavy on weekends during ski season as commuters from outside the region head to the adjacent resort. Once past the village, the fire tower on Hunter Mountain's summit becomes visible to the south as the highway continues to climb in elevation. Roughly from the village limits, NY 23A connects to NY 214 at the north end of Stony Clove Notch, a narrow cleft separating Hunter Mountain from neighboring Plateau Mountain.
NY 23A's junction with NY 214 heralds the beginning of a stretch of several miles in which the creek valley provides drivers with an unobstructed view of the Devil's Path, one of the Catskills' best-known ranges. Past Plateau Mountain, the remainder of the range—Sugarloaf, Twin and Indian Head mountains—rise to the south as the road continues east. Schoharie Creek and the Devil's Path recede to the south as the highway enters the village of Tannersville. The road crests at in elevation just before exiting the village and entering the adjacent hamlet of Haines Falls. From there, a road runs north to the state campground complex near the former Catskill Mountain House site at North–South Lake.
The distinctive ridgeline of Kaaterskill High Peak and its shorter neighbor, Round Top Mountain, appear just east of the hamlet along with the dramatic drop into Kaaterskill Clove, a view that inspired many Hudson River School paintings. In the next two miles (3.2 km), NY 23A drops in elevation through this gap in the Catskill Escarpment. It passes the trailhead for Kaaterskill Falls, from where pedestrians must use the narrow shoulder of NY 23A for a considerable distance to reach the falls themselves. Below the falls are many swimming holes and the steep, rugged cliffs that line Kaaterskill Creek. The road levels off just west of Palenville, where it crosses the Long Path hiking trail and leaves the Catskill Park.
Palenville, a small hamlet at the eastern edge of the Catskill Escarpment, is marked by a traffic light at the northern end of NY 32A, a connector that shortens the trip to the Hunter–Tannersville area for those coming south on the New York State Thruway (Interstate 87). Just past the junction is Rowena Memorial School, a local landmark. Going further east, NY 23A crosses much gentler but still largely undeveloped terrain as it traverses the town of Catskill. It reaches NY 32 itself at an undeveloped intersection prior to crossing Kaaterskill Creek and the Thruway near the grades of an abandoned interchange. From the Thruway, it heads generally northeastward through a small valley to the western edge of the village of Catskill, where it ends at a junction with US 9W. Southbound US 9W is accessed by a right-hand turn, while northbound US 9W is straight ahead.
History.
In 1913, the New York State Legislature created Route 5-c, an unsigned legislative route extending through Kaaterskill Clove from Palenville to Haines Falls. The route did not connect to any other route in the legislative route system, and was removed on March 1, 1921, as part of a partial renumbering of the system. When the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924, NY 23 was assigned to an alignment extending from Oneonta to the Massachusetts state line west of Great Barrington by way of Catskill Park. The new route bypassed Kaaterskill Clove to the north, however, in favor of an alignment serving the hamlets of Windham and Cairo. Within two years, the Kaaterskill Clove road was designated as part of NY 23A, an alternate route of NY 23 between Prattsville and Catskill through Hunter. The routing of NY 23A has remained the same since.
In 2006, the segment of NY 23A from Palenville to Haines Falls through Kaaterskill Clove was closed to traffic for several months by the New York State Department of Transportation (NYSDOT) due to landslides caused by heavy rains in downstate New York. The road, closed in mid-June, was repaired at a cost of roughly $5 million and reopened in late November in time for the Thanksgiving holiday period.

</doc>
<doc id="6939255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939255" title="William W. Gordon">
William W. Gordon



</doc>
<doc id="6939263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939263" title="As Simple as Snow">
As Simple as Snow

As Simple As Snow (2005) is a mystery novel by Gregory Galloway. It tells the story of a high-school aged narrator who meets a Gothic girl, Anna Cayne. Through postcards, a shortwave radio, various mix-CDs, and other erratic interests, Cayne eventually wins the heart of the narrator. However, a week before Valentine's Day, she goes missing, leaving only a dress on the ice and secret codes to help the narrator and the reader find out where she has gone.
Overview.
In a labyrinth of art, magic, cryptic codes and young love, the author presents a coming-of-age novel that seems designed to puzzle readers of all ages. Moreover, it is an adolescent's quest to unravel the clues his girlfriend may have left behind after her mysterious disappearance.
The young narrator goes unnamed throughout the novel. He disparages himself initially as embarrassingly bland and inexperienced. His new girlfriend Anastasia (Anna) Cayne is instead presented as a complicated high school goth girl with a penchant for riddles and affectionate mind games. Anna spends much of her time creating obituaries for every living person in town and introducing the narrator to a wider landscape of art, music and literature. She is unlike anyone the narrator has ever known and soon finds himself enveloped in a world of Houdini tricks, strange art, covert messages, and ghost stories – although her past remains an even bigger mystery.
But a week before Valentine's Day, Anna disappears, leaving behind nothing except a trail of mysterious clues and a string of unanswered questions. Determined to find Anna, the narrator turns amateur detective in order to piece together the elements of the preceding months. Soon the fragments of events, conversations, and letters (and new messages that continue to arrive) coalesce into haunting and surprising revelations about friends, family and especially about Anna Cayne. Perhaps these revelations will solve the puzzle of Anna's disappearance, whether her own invention, or something more sinister.

</doc>
<doc id="6939264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939264" title="Bahram Beyzayi">
Bahram Beyzayi



</doc>
<doc id="6939273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939273" title="Far-Eastern Republic">
Far-Eastern Republic



</doc>
<doc id="6939274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939274" title="Michelle Pawk">
Michelle Pawk



</doc>
<doc id="6939281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939281" title="Structural Bioinformatics">
Structural Bioinformatics



</doc>
<doc id="6939283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939283" title="Tom Pickett">
Tom Pickett

Thomas Augustus Pickett (August 14, 1906 – June 7, 1980), was an American lawyer and politician who served four terms as a United States representative representing Texas's 7th congressional district from 1945 to 1952.
Early life and education.
Born in Travis, Texas on August 14, 1906, Pickett lived in Iola before moving to Palestine, Texas with his family, attending the public schools of Palestine, Texas. He graduated from high school in 1923, began attendance at Conway's Business College, and worked for his father's law office for a year. Between 1924 and 1928, Pickett attended the University of Texas at Austin.
He studied law and was admitted to the Texas Bar in 1929, commencing the practice of law in Palestine, Texas.
Career.
He was elected County Attorney of Anderson County, Texas, 1931–1935, and District Attorney of the Third Judicial District of Texas, 1935–1945. In 1944, he beat the Democratic incumbent Nat Patton in the primary and defeated Republican J. Perrin Willis in the general election.
Congress.
He was then elected as a Democrat to the Seventy-ninth Congress in 1944, and was reelected unopposed to the three succeeding Congresses, serving from January 3, 1945, until his resignation on June 30, 1952. During his time in Congress, Pickett served on the House Public Works, Veterans Affairs, and Administration committees, with interests in public works projects on the Neches, Angelinas, and Trinity Rivers, and the economic effects of railroad reorganization for the International-Great Northern Railroad Company on Anderson County.
Resignation from Congress.
He resigned his seat during his term to become Vice President of the National Coal Association from July 1, 1952, to March 31, 1961, and Vice President of the Association of American Railroads from April 1, 1961, to November 30, 1967.
Retirement and death.
Once retired, he resided in Leesburg, Florida, until his death there June 7, 1980. He was cremated and his ashes interred at St. James Episcopal Church.

</doc>
<doc id="6939285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939285" title="As simple as snow">
As simple as snow



</doc>
<doc id="6939291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939291" title="Soujoukh">
Soujoukh



</doc>
<doc id="6939294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939294" title="Abraham Kidane">
Abraham Kidane

Abraham Kidane is the senior economic advisor to the Government of Eritrea and to the Ministry of National Development. He received his PhD in economics from the University of California, Los Angeles. After teaching at the University of Southern California, Pepperdine University, and the California State University, Dominguez Hills), he returned to his country of birth in 1995 to work for the Eritrean government. Kidane works at the Ministry of National Development, having previously held positions at the Bank of Eritrea and at the Office of the President.

</doc>
<doc id="6939296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939296" title="Nisami">
Nisami



</doc>
<doc id="6939298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939298" title="St Helens Waxflower">
St Helens Waxflower



</doc>
<doc id="6939299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939299" title="The Whiteoaks of Jalna">
The Whiteoaks of Jalna

The Whiteoaks of Jalna was a 1972 Canadian television drama miniseries based on the Jalna novels by Mazo de la Roche. At , it set a record expense at the time for a Canadian television miniseries. The series was exported internationally including the United Kingdom and France. Scriptwriting was led by Timothy Findley, supported by Claude Harz and Grahame Woods.

</doc>
<doc id="6939305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939305" title="Bastourma">
Bastourma



</doc>
<doc id="6939318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939318" title="Khorovats">
Khorovats

Khorovats (, ) is an Armenian barbecue. The meat may be marinated before grilling, but it does not have to be. It can be made with lamb, pork, beef, chicken, fish, or even veal. This is generally a dish reserved for "festive occasions".
Etymology.
The word "խորոված" "khorovats" means "grilled" in Armenian and comes from the verb "խորովել" "khorovel" (to grill).
Description.
Khorovats can be made with lamb, pork, beef, chicken, or less commonly veal. Some type of vegetable is usually served with the meat. A common preparation for green vegetables like asparagus or green beans is to fry them and combine with whipped eggs, a dish which resembles scrambled eggs with vegetables. It is usually cooked in a tonir.
A typical khorovats is made of chunks of meat grilled on a shampoor (շամփուր) or skewer, although steaks or chops grilled without skewers may be also used.
2006 book "Armenian Food: Fact, Fiction &amp; Folklore" gives three tips for making good khorovats:
In Armenia itself, khorovats is often made with the bone still in the meat (as lamb or pork chops). 
Proshian Street in Yerevan is dubbed "Barbecue Street" by foreigners, because many khorovats restaurants are located on the street.
In popular culture.
In his "The Travels of Sir John Chardin in Persia and the Orient", 17th-century French traveler Jean Chardin wrote:
In a scene from the 1976 Soviet film "When September Comes", prominent Armenian actor Armen Dzhigarkhanyan (Levon) makes khorovats with his grandson in the balcony of his daughter's Moscow apartment. His neighbors see smoke coming out of the balcony and call the firemen, but when a fireman arrives, everything settles down and all the neighbors gather at Levon's house to enjoy the dish.
Since 2009, an annual festival of khorovats has been held in Akhtala in northern Armenia. In 2012, John A. Heffern, the US ambassador to Armenia, was among 15,000 guests of the festival.

</doc>
<doc id="6939332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939332" title="Christopher Dark">
Christopher Dark

Christopher Dark (born Alfred Francis DeLeo, April 21, 1920 – October 10, 1971) was an American actor. He graduated from Cornell University and did post graduate work at Columbia University. He served as an army medic in the Philippines during WWII, and received honors. He began his career in theater in NY, and then moved to Hollywood in 1952. He was a member of the Foreign Film Committee for SAG for most of his career. As well as acting, he also wrote many scripts, including collaborations with Ida Lupino and Christopher Cary.
Biography.
Dark was born in New York.
In 1954, Dark played in an episode of the TV series, "The Lone Ranger", entitled Texas Draw. In 1955, Dark was cast in an episode of the NBC Western anthology series, "Frontier", hosted by Walter Coy. Dark guest starred on two episodes of the ABC religion anthology series, "Crossroads", as Irving Green in "The Unholy Trio (1955) and as Frank Corletto in "Circus Priest" (1956).
In 1956, Dark appeared in two episodes of "Science Fiction Theatre", S2E6 "Bullet Proof," and S2E9 "End of Tomorrow."
In 1957 and 1958, Dark guest starred in two episodes of David Janssen's crime drama, "Richard Diamond, Private Detective", as the lead in "The Mickey Farmer Case" and then as Rudi Trekhala in "Widow's Walk". About this time, he also guest starred on John Bromfield's crime drama, "U.S. Marshal". In 1957, he played Sgt. Al Zavala in four episodes of the syndicated crime drama, "Code 3", with Richard Travis in the lead role of assistant Sheriff Rodger Barnett. He also guest-starred a number of times on the CBS situation comedy "Mr. Adams and Eve" during its two-season run in 1957–1958.
In 1958, Dark appeared as Don Ramon in "Decoy" on the ABC/Warner Brothers Western series, "Colt .45", starring Wayde Preston. That same year, Dark played the main villain, William Swanson, in the episode "The Young Gun" in Robert Culp's Western series, "Trackdown".
In 1959, Dark guest starred in the first episode of NBC's "Bonanza" in "A Rose for Lotta". Besides the pilot, he would also guest star in other three episodes of the Western series: "The Fear Merchants" (1960), "Calamity Over the Comstock" (1963) and "Showdown at Tahoe" (1967).
Dark appeared in 1959 as Juan Carlos Morita in the episode "Death of a Gunfighter" on CBS' "Have Gun Will Travel" and as Trevor Jackson in the episode "Reunion" of CBS's "The Texan", starring Rory Calhoun; his fellow co-stars were Bethel Leslie and Robert F. Simon. That same year, he was cast as Henri Gaspard in "Double Fee" of Steve McQueen's CBS Western series, "".
In 1960, Dark was cast with Richard Rust in the episode "An Hour to Kill" of the half-hour syndicated crime drama, "The Brothers Brannagan", and he played a teacher falsely accused of murder in the "Peter Gunn" episode "Death Watch". Another 1960 role was that of Dante in "Talent for Danger" on the ABC adventure series, "The Islanders", set in the South Pacific.
In 1960, he was cast as Miguel Avarado in the episode "Bandido" of the syndicated Western series, "Pony Express", starring Grant Sullivan. His fellow guest stars in the segment were Douglas Kennedy and Robert Ivers.
In 1962 Dark appeared as Walt Gleason on "The Virginian" in the episode titled "The Accomplice." and in 1963 as Benny Caboose in the episode entitled "Brother Thaddeus".
Dark played the role of Pike in the three-part 1964 episode, "The Tenderfoot", of NBC's "Disney's The Wonderful World of Color".
Dark also appeared in 1965 on the fourth season of "Combat!" as a German agent in the episode "9 Place Vendee".
In 1965 he appeared as Quadero in season 8, episode 5, "Escort to Doom" of the television show Rawhide.
In 1970 Dark appeared as Mort in the TV Western "The Men From Shiloh" (the rebranded name of "The Virginian") in the episode titled "Jenny."
Personal life.
Dark died from a heart attack on October 10, 1971 and was interred in Holy Cross Cemetery, Culver City, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6939334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939334" title="The Spring River Flows East">
The Spring River Flows East

The Spring River Flows East, also translated as The Tears of Yangtze, is a 1947 epic Chinese film written and directed by Cai Chusheng and Zheng Junli and produced by the . It is considered one of the most influential and extraordinary Chinese films ever made, and China's equivalent of "Gone with the Wind". With both films based on the story of war and chaos, they contain an epic style considered classics in the film history of both China and the United States. The Hong Kong Film Awards ranked it in its list of greatest Chinese-language films ever made at number 27. It ran continuously in theatres for three months and attracted 712,874 viewers during the period, setting a record in post World War II China. The film features two of the biggest stars of the time: Bai Yang and Shangguan Yunzhu.
The film is over three hours long and consists of two parts, "Eight War-Torn Years" () and "Before and after the Dawn" (), released in separate dates in the same year, as it first premiered on October 9. It details the trials and tribulations of a family during and immediately after the Second Sino-Japanese War. Part One, "Eight War-Torn Years" tells the story of the early life and marriage of a young couple, Sufen (Bai Yang) and Zhang Zhongliang (Tao Jin) and the strain produced when the husband is forced to flee to Chongqing, losing contact with the family he leaves behind in wartime Shanghai. Part Two describes Zhang Zhongliang's return to Shanghai after a second marriage into a wealthy business family among whom by chance his impoverished first wife Sufen has found work as a maid.
Plot.
Part One: "The Eight War-Torn Years".
"Part One, also known as Eight Years of Separation and Chaos, is about 100 minutes in length."
In Shanghai after the 1931 Mukden Incident, Sufen (Bai Yang), is a poor but honest young girl who works at a textile factory. She fancies Zhang Zhongliang (Tao Jin), a teacher giving evening classes to her fellow factory workers. On National Day, the workers put on a show at the factory for their colleagues, with Zhongliang acting as the host. Among the performances the vivacious Wang Lizhen (Shu Xiuwen), the sister-in-law of the factory manager, performs a Spanish dance to much applause. Her performance ends and Zhongliang gets up on the stage and makes a patriotic appeal to the workers. Asking them to donate to the Northeastern Volunteer Army resisting the Japanese invasion of northeast China, the audience throws money on the stage with fervor. However, the factory manager Wen reprimands Zhongliang for inciting the workers, fearing that it will get him into trouble with the Japanese. A disappointed but not discouraged Zhongliang invites Sufen to eat with him at his home, where he lives with his mother (Wu Yin). They solidify their mutual attraction, and as they embrace, he places a ring on her finger while professing his plans for a long and happy future with her. They marry and soon have a son they name Kangsheng ("to resist and to live on") in honor of the wartime sacrifices made for a better world.
However, the conflict worsens and Zhongliang joins the Red Cross. With the Japanese approaching Shanghai, it results in his medical corps being sent to the frontlines. As they will be separated, Zhongliang tells Sufen and his mother that they should stay in Shanghai. Though he suggests they go back to the countryside to his father and younger brother when things become too dangerous. Meanwhile, the well-connected Miss Wang Lizhen, leaves Shanghai for Hankou to stay with a wealthy trading tycoon, Pang Haogong and his wife after receiving a letter of recommendation from her brother-in-law. The Japanese begin bombing Shanghai and Sufen, with her mother-in-law and the baby, travel to the countryside to live with Zhongliang's father and younger brother Zhongmin. Zhongmin is a village school teacher by day and a fighter in the guerrilla resistance by night. Hearing that the Japanese are arresting the literate intelligentsia, Zhongmin and three of his friends escape into the mountains where other resistance members are just as the Japanese come to capture them.
Oppression from the Japanese soldiers towards the villagers worsens and they requisition the rice and cattle. They force the villagers to work in the rice fields with no exceptions. The starving villagers beg Zhongliang's father to use his wisdom and authority to try to convince the Japanese officers to reduce the rice levy so they will have something to eat and be able to work harder. However, the Japanese accuse the old man of inciting the villagers to rebel and they hang him while ordering that his body remain suspended as a warning. That night the guerrilla fighters, led by Zhongmin, blow up the Japanese headquarters, killing the officers, and retrieve his father's body for burial. To avoid reprisals, the fighters help the villagers escape into the mountains, but send Sufen, her child and her ailing mother-in-law, back to Shanghai by boat.
Meanwhile, Hankow also falls to the Japanese and citizens begin evacuation. Wang Lizen evacuates with the Pangs and runs into Zhongliang who also prepares with his corps. She tells him they plan to head for Chongqing and hands him a card containing her address, telling him to contact her should he also end up there. As the war progresses, the Japanese disregard the laws of war and massacre Zhongliang's medical corps. Zhongliang only survives by feigning death but is later captured and made to do forced labor by the Japanese until a vision of Sufen inspires him to finally make a successful escape. He manages to reach Chongqing, which is still under the control of the Chinese Nationalist government. Corruption there is rampant however, and he is unable to find work of any kind. He sees a notice in the paper that Lizhen has been formally adopted as a goddaughter by Pang Haogong.
Destitute and in rags, Zhongliang decides to show up at her door as a last ditch effort. Lizhen, who lives in luxury, takes him in and convinces her godfather to employ him at his company. Now given clothes, shelter and employment, Zhongliang eagerly prepares for his new job. However, he soon discovers that his new colleagues are idlers who do nothing but drink and party. Though he attempts to remain true to himself, receiving ill news from his family and the uncertain whereabouts of Sufen causes him to be discouraged. Becoming increasingly jaded and demoralized, Zhongliang (formerly a teetotaler) takes to drinking, and gradually allows himself to be seduced by Lizhen. Giving up to the luxury of Chunking, he thinks no more of his wife, son and mother. However, back in Shanghai, Sufen now works during the day in a war refugee camp while taking care of her son and ailing mother-in-law in the evenings. Despite their poor living conditions, she tries her best to support her family, hoping to reunite with her husband soon. Part One ends as a torrential thunderstorm pummels their rugged home.
Part Two: "Before and After the Dawn".
"Part Two is about 92 minutes in length."
The film continues the saga of Zhongliang in Chongqing, where, untouched by the war, business is booming. Zhongliang wakes up next to his new love, Lizhen. The flashbacks show his mental debate about lingering upon his past, but the smile hanging on his face implies his content attitude about the present and intention to lay the past to rest. Lizhen uses her influence to have Zhongliang promoted to be Pang Haogong's private secretary. She also connives to get Pang Haogong to adopt Zhongliang, as well, which Pang Haogong agrees to if Zhongliang shows his trustworthiness by marrying into the family ( Ru Zhui). Zhongliang, though despairing, nevertheless has vowed to make something of himself. He is introduced into Pang Haogong's circle of wealthy industrialists, shows talent for wheeling and dealing, and soon makes his mark as an entrepreneur. To welcome his new turning point in life, Zhongliang changes his hairstyle to "more of a bouffant" to match the latest fashion trend in the city which also foreshadows the transformation of his nature.
Back at the NO. 5 refugee center in Shanghai, the impoverished Sufen devotedly takes care of the children and writes letters to conscripted soldiers for their illiterate family members while supporting her mother-in-law and son, now a young boy, until the Japanese decide to dismantle the camp for military purposes. The soldiers force the refugees to live in an open field surrounded by barbed wire and allow them only starvation rations of rice. When one of the prisoners escapes, the others, many of them elderly women, are collectively punished by being made to stand all night in the waist-high, freezing waters of a canal.
Japan surrenders in August 1945. Zhongliang, believing his family to have died, has been adopted by Pang Haogong and has married Lizhen. He and his boss, Pang Haogong, fly back to Shanghai, leaving a reluctant Lizhen to follow them later. In Shanghai, the Nationalists have rounded up and imprisoned wartime collaborators, including Manager Wen. Zhongliang stays at the lavish home of one of Lizhen's family connections, her cousin, Wenyan (Shangguan Yunzhu). The two become lovers, to the scandal of the servants. Somewhat later Lizhen arrives from Chongqing and tension develops between the two cousins.
Postwar conditions are tough. Sufen cannot afford to pay her rent, buy food, or contact her husband whom she is sure will return, not realizing he has already been in Shanghai for two months. Their son, Kangsheng, is now nine years old and is working in the streets selling newspapers. To her mother-in-law's consternation, Sufen decides to find work as a maid, a job that her mother-in-law considers beneath people of their status, but it is that or starve. By coincidence Sufen finds work in Wenyan's household, though she is there for two days before she realizes that her husband is also staying there. The confrontation occurs when Sufen is sent to bring a tray of drinks at a National Day cocktail party. Sufen recognizes Zhongliang, as he is about to dance a tango with Lizhen. She collapses in shock, overturning the tray. Queried by Lizhen, Sufen bursts out that Zhongliang is her husband and that they have been married for ten years and have a son. She recounts her years of suffering, bringing everyone to tears. Everyone except Lizhen and her cousin, who are mortified and accuse Sufen of purposely making them lose face in front of guests. Sufen runs out of the house. While Lizhen retreats to her room where she has a fainting fit, Zhongliang runs to Lizhen's side. Lizhen, enraged, insists that Zhongliang divorce Sufen. He agrees. He now cares only for his own social position and Lizhen's welfare, while Lizhen's cousin Wenyan privately gloats over Lizhen's comeuppance.
Sufen wanders desolately in the street all night and finally returns home. A letter has come from Zhongliang's younger brother Zhongmin, announcing his marriage to his childhood sweetheart. He has been fighting in the resistance all this time. They have ousted the governor of the province, and he is happy and teaching in the countryside. Kangsheng is happy and proud of his uncle and he announces he wants Uncle Zhougmin to be his teacher, too. The contrast with her own life is too much; Sufen collapses in sobs and bursts out that she has discovered that Zhongliang is back in Shanghai and is now married to another woman and has forgotten all about them. The grandmother insists on seeing her son right away, and the three of them decide to confront Zhongliang at Wenyan's mansion.
Mortified and totally disillusioned after a chaotic farce at the mansion, Sufen runs out of the house with her son. At a quay, Sufen claims to be starving and tricks her son into buying a flatbread for her with the intention to not let him witness his mother's suicide. When Kangsheng comes back, a crowd has gathered, Sufen has drowned herself in the Huangpu River. She has left a note saying that Kangsheng is now a man and from now on he should strive to be like his uncle and not like his father. Kangshen goes to fetch his grandmother and both return to the pier to mourn Sufen. Zhongliang also arrives in a limousine with Lizhen. The grandmother, who seems to bear all the sorrows of China on her shoulders, berates her son, blaming him for Sufen's death. She brought him up to be a good, conscientious man, she says, but Sufen was more filial and took better care of her than he did. The grandmother lifts her eyes to heaven and asks when will be the end of this endless, endless suffering.
Title.
"Spring River Flows East" derives its title from the poem "", written by Li Yu, the last ruler of the Southern Tang dynasty ("Beauty Yu" referring to Consort Yu). The poem was written shortly after the loss of his kingdom to the Song dynasty. "The Beautiful Lady Yu" is also a "Cí" (), a type of lyric poetry. Historically, "The Beautiful Lady Yu" was used to commemorate the death of military warlord Xiang Yu’s wife Consort Yu (). The last sentence of this poem is the most famous and is also the name of this movie. It is a famous line among ancient Chinese poems that uses water as a metaphor for sorrow and is used to express that the amount of sorrowful thought is as endless as the river water in spring.
The poem is a requiem to the downfall of a ruling power, in the film, the poem is exemplified through the story. Resilience after experiencing loss, deprivation, exploitation, and mistreatment from the effects of the Sino-Japanese War, Sufen's struggles become a symbol for sorrow. This being highlighted in Part 2 through the contrast between Sufen's struggling and the luxurious life of Zhongliang.
Production.
“At Kunlun, production appeared to have been arranged around the director as the principal authority who delegated tasks. However, scenario writer and director committees were established as a critical forum to check the abuse of directorial power.”
The film was released on the eve of the Double Tenth in Shanghai, the anniversary of the Wuchang Uprising in 1911. The Double Tenth is shown in both parts of the film, highlighting key narrative points. During February 1947, one of the film's sponsors, Zhang Naiqi, disinvested in the film's production due to political turmoil. With filming for "The Spring River Flows East" halfway done, resuming and post-production work became significantly delayed.
Techniques.
By using montage techniques, the editing of this film builds up stark contrast between male and female characters, clearly showing the gender confrontation to the public. While the male characters dominate the public space - rushing off to war and being present on a national level, the women are centered in a much more domestic space.
These montage techniques are utilized during the war scenes as well. Shooting a war scene on location would be too expensive, so the directors creatively used newsreel footage alongside footage shot on studio sets, finding ways through montage sequences highly influenced by Russian director Sergei Eisenstein, to re-create credible visuals within their minimalist budget. By incorporating this historical footage from the war, the film's documentary-like form is also effectively strengthened. Throughout both parts of the film, captions point out the important incidents in history. Part 1 labels the events from 1931 to 1941 and Part 2 opens with a caption signaling Japan's surrender to the Allies.
Political Influences.
From April 1941 to December of the same year, a newspaper company, China Business News (Hua Shang Bao), opened its business and embarked on movie production in Hong Kong. However, during this period, Hong Kong under British control would be handed over to Japan by the government rather than to the Communist party. Therefore, British government was eager to suppress anti-Japanese criticism.
China Business News was led by the Chinese Communist Party, and issued a lot of anti-Japanese remarks. It supported several movies talking about the atrocities committed by the Japanese army by issuing positive remarks on those films. China Business News took an effort on changing Hong Kong citizens minds. However, after December 1941, the Japanese army invaded and dominated Hong Kong. China Business News soon disappeared afterwards.
With the Japanese surrender in 1945, within two years the economy was in a disastrous state and in need of recovery while Chiang Kai-shek and Mao Zedong fought for political dominance. By 1946, the nationalist state attempted to utilize the filming industry for ideological control and manipulation through post-war films by instituting film studios such as Central Film Studio 1 and 2 on Huaying's premises. In addition, three studios were established by private entrepreneurs, which were the Wenhua, Kunlun and Cathy film production companies. In 1947, the socio-political campaign through filming was unsuccessful due to factionalism and mismanagement within the Nationalist organization, along with opposition, resistance, and criticism of the prejudiced policies from the Nationalists. Kunlun studio, along with the two other studios were mostly staffed by leftists who were consciously critical of the nationalist rule. The studio's manifesto was to stand with the people. It aimed to expose and criticize the crimes of the KMT reactionary rule and the pain and persecution felt by the people under this rule, and to promote the people's road of struggle.
Reception.
Given the post-war economic state and the Nationalist's ideological campaign, "Spring River Flows East" surprisingly became the top box office film with its performance of cynicism with the Nationalist post-war disappointments. The post-war discussions in China were primarily about the complexity of political engagements and acts of treason to the country as this discourse was defined by individuals who had lived through the war in the interior. The left-wing films during this time aimed to make literature, be accessible to the ‘masses’ and also learning from the ‘masses’ which reflected it film style, putting an emphasis on narrative continuity and clarity. "Spring River Flows East" is one of the most famous post-war films about the Japanese-occupied life through the narratives and perspectives of the suppressed who lived during the occupation.
Due to the film's success, it was subsequently distributed by the Kunlun Film Company to Hong Kong and Singapore, where it was also positively received. In 1947, The Nationalist government's Cultural Movement Committee organized a film festival, where 11 studios took part and 22 films were submitted as nominees. Among these, The Spring River Flows East was received as the best film.
Themes.
"May I ask how much sorrow you can carry? It feels like the Yangtze River flowing east endlessly downstream in the spring!"
Taken from Li Yu's poem, these two lines of lyrics open and are reprised throughout the epic film "The Spring River Flows East". While spring usually represents a renewal of energy in a positive way, here it conveys the sorrowful emotions of a war-torn nation. As the introductory lyrics indicate, in springtime when the flow is strong, the river carries nothing but sorrow. Modernity and westernization are also incorporated in the script to show the influx of foreign influences and changes of the time.
In the final stage, the film is driven to the climax of sentiments, following the trope of the new women.
In the 1940s, Female roles played an important impact on this era's movies. A number of films’ themes were Female-themed films.
Female-themed movies not only exhibit female character's life, work and relationship with male, those movies also display their emotions, psychological status and struggles in their life.
In the female emotion depictions, there are several sequences displaying Sufen's memories and emotions. For instance, she remembered the scenario when Zhang Zhongliang put a ring on her finger. Also, she suicided after knowing her husband's second wife. Those are the desperate and sorrowful emotions which moviegoers can empathize with.
Economic inequality in China is considered more as a moral issue, instead of as a societal issue.
Shots of Sufen and Zhang Zhongliang are continuously juxtaposed, highlighting their differences in economic status. This is especially apparent once Zhang makes it to Chongqing. Zhang's infidelity is not so much an ethical aspect as a portrayal of the state of intellectual confusion, sway, escape, and transformation in the 1940s, so as to reflect the humanity and existence state of the intellectuals of this era in a deeper level.
The main character Sufen embodies two contrasting characterizations during and after the Sino-Japanese War, one being the “wife in the occupied areas" ("lunxian furen"), who shows great perseverance and takes the full burden of family-survival during the war as the husband leaves for the front lines, and the other being the woman that lacks courage in dealing with her husband's betrayal and reacts to it with self-destruction. The type of postwar female image represented by Sufen's character at the end of the film is attributed to the sociocultural expectation for women to relinquish independence accumulated during the war and return to a static lifestyle grounded in the family household. The construction of the domestic female image was propagated primarily by contemporary male directors who promoted the ideal of tranquil housewives during the postwar reconstruction period thus crafting female figures in films with qualities such as “nurturance, humility, and charity, traits that negate the barbarism of war and underscore the notion of social stability.” Therefore, the theme of “women returning to their kitchen” and stereotypical weakness of womanhood portrayed in the media is reflected in the tragic ending designed for the character of Sufen. However, in the eyes of female audiences, the act of suicide only said more about the perspectives of postwar male filmmakers than they did about a woman's nature or role in society.
Re-release.
During the Hundred Flowers Campaign, "The Spring River Flows East" was re-released China-wide in November 1956 and was again extremely popular. It was reported that people walked for miles in inclement weather to watch the film, and many were moved to tears. It provided a sharp contrast to the worker/peasant/soldier films made in the Communist era.
A restored version was also re-released on DVD in 2017.
Remake.
The film was remade in 2005 as a television adaptation starring Hu Jun, Anita Yuen, Carina Lau, and Chen Daoming, but the newer version is translated into English as "The River Flows Eastwards". An operatic adaptation by Hao Weiya under the title "Yi Jiang Chunshui", with libretto by Luo Zhou and Yu Jiang, was premiered at the Shanghai Grand Theater in October 2014.
The film also has adaptations from Taiwan and Hong Kong. The remake in 1965 was directed by Zhang Ying, a Taiwanese director, starring Li Hong, Ko Chun-hsiung and Cheng Li-wun. The television adaptation from Hong Kong in 1983 was produced by Lai Shui Ching and starring Newton Lai, , and Yuen Pui Chun.
Further reading.
Christopher Rea. "Chinese Film Classics, 1922-1949". Columbia University Press, 2021, ch. 11: "Spring River Flows East"

</doc>
<doc id="6939340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939340" title="Jim Hall (announcer)">
Jim Hall (announcer)

Jim Hall (May 30, 1933 – June 12, 2017) was an American sports announcer for New York Giants football games at MetLife Stadium, located in East Rutherford, New Jersey.
Career.
Hall served as spotter and understudy to legendary New York Yankees and Giants PA announcer Bob Sheppard from the opening of Giants Stadium in 1976 until the beginning of the 2006 season, when he replaced the retiring Sheppard as principal announcer. He held that position until the end of the 2015 season.
Hall met Sheppard when he was in high school, as Sheppard would judge Hall in speech and debate events. Hall, like Sheppard, taught in high school and at St. John's University, where he became the chairman of the Department of Speech, Communication and Theater for twelve years out of a forty-five year tenure, before retiring in 2004.
Hall also served as Sheppard's understudy at Yankee Stadium for many years, beginning in the mid-1960s. He filled in for Sheppard for the 2007 postseason when Sheppard developed bronchitis. For the entire 2008 season, Hall served as the Yankees PA Announcer for their final season at Yankee Stadium, as Sheppard was never able to return. In his one full season as the Yankees PA Announcer, Hall got to call the 2008 MLB All-Star Game and the Yankees last game at Yankee Stadium. Paul Olden took over as the full-time Yankee Stadium announcer when the Yankees moved to their new ballpark in 2009.
Hall's voice was quite similar to Bob Sheppard's. When he filled in for Sheppard, visiting teams and media often did not know that Sheppard was not announcing. This was purposeful, as Hall has said Sheppard asked him to speak in his same style and cadence so as not to distract the fans.
Hall died on June 12, 2017, at the age of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="6939344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939344" title="Basil Hayden">
Basil Hayden

Basil Ewing Hayden (May 19, 1899 – January 9, 2003) was an American college basketball player and coach. A Kentucky native, he began playing the sport in the sixth grade and, after a year at Transylvania University, transferred to the University of Kentucky to study chemistry and play on the school's basketball squad. He captained the team to victory at the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association Championship and was named an All-American for his efforts – the first basketball player to earn the honor at the University of Kentucky.
After graduating in 1922 Hayden took on a number of different jobs and was called to coach the University of Kentucky's basketball team in 1926 following the departure of Ray Eklund. After a 3–13 record in his first year he was replaced with John Mauer and returned to his previous occupations. When he died in 2003, at the age of 103, he was the University of Kentucky's oldest former athlete, and his jersey is among those hung in the school's Rupp Arena.
Early life.
Hayden was born in Stanford, Kentucky; his father Joseph was a grocer, and his mother Annie (née: Brown) was a tutor. He moved to Paris, Kentucky at an early age and began playing basketball in the sixth grade, which he continued upon entering Paris High School. He was drafted into the United States Army during World War I, but the conflict ended before he was shipped out. He entered Transylvania University in 1918, intending to become a minister, but switched to the University of Kentucky the following year to study industrial chemistry. While there, he played tennis and competed in the javelin throw, setting a school record.
Basketball career.
Hayden joined the school's basketball team for the 1919–1920 season and was the squad's leading scorer with 133 points in 12 games, leading to an average of 11.8 points per game; no other player on the team scored more than 56 points or had an average greater than 7. While he slipped to 9.71 points per game the following year (and finished second in both points and average to rookie William King), he found success captaining the team to the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association Championship – the University of Kentucky's first victory at a major basketball tournament. He was named an All-American in 1921, the first University of Kentucky basketball player to be so honored. He also had his highest-scoring game ever that season, scoring 20 points against Georgetown College. He injured his knee in the high jump prior to his final 1921–1922 season but still finished with an average of 4.92 points per game, the third best average on the team that season and the fourth highest number of points. At the peak of his playing career he was 5'11", weighed 165 pounds, and was nicknamed "The Blond Adonis". His overall career statistics saw him amass 333 points in 39 games – an average of about 8.5 points per game.
After his graduation Hayden moved to Detroit to work for Dodge but returned to Kentucky after the first summer because of homesickness. During the 1922–23 basketball season he coached at Kentucky Wesleyan College which was in Winchester at the time. In his one season at Kentucky Wesleyan he went 8–1. He then taught and coached at George Rogers Clark High School while taking a job in the insurance business in Richmond, Kentucky. In 1926 he was called to replace Ray Eklund as the head basketball coach at the University of Kentucky but was given only one week to prepare for the task with a team made up of unskilled members. The squad consisted primarily of football players, many of whom lacked the incentive to fully participate. The team finished with a 3–13 record, winning once against the University of Florida and twice against Centre College. When Harry Gamage was named the new head coach of the university's football squad, he had Hayden replaced with John Mauer. The team would not have another losing season until 1988–89 under Eddie Sutton.
Later life.
After his experiment with coaching, Hayden went returned to the insurance business and also worked as a banker, accountant, a hospital administrator, school teacher, and Kentucky state bank inspector. He also worked as the treasurer of a Methodist church until his mid-70s. He was a lifetime member of Rotary International and the Kappa Sigma Fraternity. He was married to Mary Hardin for 67 years until her death; he would remarry to Edna Lytle. At the time of his death on January 9, 2003, at the age of 103, his jersey was one of 41 retired jerseys hanging in Rupp Arena, (with his name only, as the jerseys did not have numbers during his era), and he was the oldest living former University of Kentucky athlete. As of 2009, he is the only one of the 49 University of Kentucky basketball All-Americans to have been born in the 19th century, as well as probably being the shortest. He is a member of the Paris High School Greyhound Hall of Fame.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6939358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939358" title="Hanna Rosin">
Hanna Rosin

Hanna Rosin (born 1970) is an American writer and podcaster. She is the host of Radio Atlantic and a Senior Editor at "The Atlantic". Previously she was the editorial director for audio for "New York Magazine" Formerly, she was the co-host of the NPR podcast Invisibilia with Alix Spiegel. She was co-founder of DoubleX, the now closed women's site connected to the online magazine "Slate", and the "DoubleX" (now "The Waves") podcast.
Rosin has written for "The Atlantic", "The Washington Post", "The New Yorker", "GQ", "New York" and "The New Republic". She is the author of "God's Harvard" (2007) and "The End of Men: And the Rise of Women" (2012).
Early life and education.
Rosin was born in Israel and emigrated to the U.S. with her family in 1976, settling in the ethnically diverse neighborhood of Briarwood, Queens, where her father was a taxi driver. She is Jewish. She graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1987, where she won a number of competitions on the debate team with her debate partner David Coleman. She attended Stanford University and was married to former "Atlas Obscura" CEO David Plotz.
Career.
Rosin is a co-founder of Slate magazine's DoubleX, a women's site. She is also a writer for "The Atlantic". She has written for "The Washington Post", "The New Yorker", "GQ" and "New York" after beginning her career as a staff writer for "The New Republic". Rosin has also appeared on "The Daily Show" and "The Colbert Report" on Comedy Central.
A character portrayed by actress Chloë Sevigny in the 2003 film "Shattered Glass" about Rosin's colleague at "The New Republic", Stephen Glass, was loosely based on Rosin.
Rosin partly has specialized in writing about religious-political issues, in particular the influence of evangelical Christians on the 2004 U.S. presidential campaign. She is the author of "God's Harvard: A Christian College on a Mission to Save America", published in September 2007. Based on a "New Yorker" story, the book follows several young Christians at Patrick Henry College, a new evangelical institution that teaches its students to "lead [the] nation and shape [the] culture."
In 2009, she published a controversial article in "The Atlantic" entitled "The Case Against Breast-Feeding," questioning whether current social pressures in favor of breastfeeding were appropriate, and whether the science in support of the practice was conclusive. In 2009 she was nominated for a National Magazine Award for "Boy's Life", a story about a young transgender girl. In 2010 she won the award for her contribution to a package of stories in New York magazine about circumcision. Her stories have also been included in anthologies of Best American Magazine Writing 2009 and Best American Crime Reporting 2009.
Rosin has published a book based on her 2010 "Atlantic" story, "The End of Men". She gave a TED talk on the subject in 2010. In the talk, she details the emergence of women as a powerful force in the American workplace. For Rosin, this shifting economy has allowed women to use their most gendered stereotypical strengths to succeed.
Personal life.
Rosin's partner is journalist and podcaster Lauren Ober.

</doc>
<doc id="6939359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939359" title="Spring River Flows East">
Spring River Flows East



</doc>
<doc id="6939365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939365" title="Rich Catton">
Rich Catton

Rich Catton (born September 1, 1971 in New Westminster, British Columbia) is a player for the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League. In the summer he played for the Victoria Shamrocks of the Western Lacrosse Association until being traded to Coquitlam in June 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6939367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939367" title="Agrasen">
Agrasen

Agrasen, most commonly known as Maharaja (literally, "great king") Agrasen, was a legendary Indian king of Agroha, a city of traders in the district of Hisar, Haryana. He is a descendant of the Hindu deity, Shri Ramchandra's elder son, Kush. He is credited with the establishment of a kingdom of traders in Northern India named Agroha, and is known for his compassion in refusing sacrificial slaughter of animals in "yajnas." Goddess Mahalakshmi bestowed prosperity for him and his descendants.
The Agrawals, a community of traditional traders from northern India, regard Maharaja Agrasen as their forefather and a historical figure who established the foundations of their community in the Kingdom of Agroha. In fact, the term Agrawal means "descendants of Agrasen" or "people of Agroha". 
The occasion of his birth anniversary called Agrasen Jayanti is celebrated in the Indian states of Haryana, Punjab, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh where it is recognized as a public or a gazetted holiday. The Government of India in 1976 commemorated the 5100th birth anniversary of Maharaja Agrasen by issuing a depicting him, and so did Maldives in 2016 as a tribute to the contributions of the Agrawal community, a prominent business group in India, in the growing trade relationship between the Maldives and India. The eastern wing of the modern day Agroha Dham temple is dedicated to Maharaja Agrasen, serving as a significant cultural and heritage center for the Agrawal community.
History.
Bharatendu Harishchandra (1850-1885), a renowned Agrawal author and poet, compiled the legend of Maharaja Agrasen in his 1871 essay "Agarwalon ki Utpatti" ("Origins of Agrawals and Agrahari"). Bhartendu is not clear about his sources, stating that he compiled the legend from "tradition" and "ancient writings", naming one of these texts as "Sri Mahalakshmi Vrat Ki Katha" ("The Story of the Fast for Goddess Mahalakshmi"). He claimed to have found this text in a "later" part of the "Bhavishya Purana", which exists in several recensions. However, subsequent researchers were unsuccessful in tracing this text in any published version of the ""Bhavishya Purana". In 1976, the Agrawal historian Satyaketu Vidyalankar published a copy of the "Mahalakshmi Vrat Ki Katha" in his "Agrwal Jati Ka Prachin Itihas" ("Ancient History of the Agrawal caste"). He states that he had found this copy in the personal library of Bharatendu Harishchandra; some academics note that this copy does not contain any clue about its origin.
Legend.
Agrasen was a Kshatriya king of the Sūryavaṃśi dynasty who adopted the Vanika dharma for the benefit of his people. He was the ruler of "Khandavprasth", "Ballabhgarh", and "Agr Janapada" (present-day Delhi, Ballabhgarh, and Agra).
According to Bharatendu Harishchandra's account, Maharaja Agrasen was born on 15th September 3082 BC, or in 4250 BC on the first day of Ashvin Shukla Paksha, in the last stages of Dvapara Yuga, or the beginning of Kali Yuga. He was the eldest son of Sūryavaṃśi Maharaja Vallabhsen and Queen Bhagwati Devi of Pratapnagar (in present-day Rajasthan) and the elder brother of Shursen. Maharaja Agrasen was claimed to be a 34th-generation descendant of the lineage of Lord Rama's elder son, Kush. At the age of 15, Agrasen fought in the Mahabharata war alongside the Pandavas. Lord Krishna proclaimed that Agrasen would be a "yug purush," or "man of the age," and an avatar in the Kali Yuga.
Marriage to Madhavi.
He was married to Madhavi, the daughter of the serpent king Nagaraja Kumud, with whom Indra was also smitten. When she chose Agrasen as her husband, Indra, the lord of thunderstorms and rain could not bear her loss and created a drought in Pratapnagar. The famine in Agrasen's kingdom forced him to go to war against Indra, but sage Narada brokered peace.
Agrasen's Austerities.
Maharaja Agrasen went to the city of Kāshi and performed intense "tapasya" (austerity) for the welfare of his subjects. Pleased with his devotion, Lord Shiva advised him to perform "tapasya" for Goddess Lakshmi. Goddess Lakshmi, pleased with his selfless austerities, granted him a boon: “Establish a new kingdom and, while following the principles of Kshatriya dharma, nurture and protect your kingdom and subjects! Your kingdom will always be filled with wealth and abundance.” Goddess Lakshmi is the kuldevi of (many) Agrawals.
Agrawal gotras.
Per Bharatendu Harishchandra, the Agarwals are organized into seventeen and a half gotras (exogamous clans), which came into being from seventeen and a half sacrifices performed by Agrasen. The last sacrifice is considered "half" because it was abandoned after Agrasen expressed remorse for the violent animal sacrifices. Bharatendu also mentions that Agrasen had 17 queens and a junior queen, but does not mention any connection between these queens and the formation of the gotras. Neither does he explain how sacrifices led to the formation of the gotras.
Historically, due to regional differences there has been no single unanimous list of these seventeen and a half gotras. In 1983, The Akhil Bhartiya Aggarwal Sammelan, a major organization of Agrawals (also Baranwals), ratified a list of Agarwal gotras. To avoid classification of any particular gotra as "half", the Sammelan provides a list of following 18 gotras:
The list does not include several existing clans such as Kotrivala, Pasari, Mudgal, Tibreval, and Singhla.

</doc>
<doc id="6939369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939369" title="Jay Howard">
Jay Howard

Jay Howard (born 16 February 1981) is a British professional race car driver who competed in the IndyCar Series and Indianapolis 500 and resides in Indianapolis, Indiana. Howard was the 2005 US Formula Ford Zetec champion (now known as the USF2000 Championship presented by Continental Tire) and moved up to the Indy Lights series, where he captured two wins on his way to the 2006 championship for Sam Schmidt Motorsports in his rookie season. He qualified for his first Indianapolis 500 in 2011.
Career.
Howard was born in Basildon, England.
Indy Pro Series (2006–07).
In 2006, Howard competed in the Indy Pro Series for Sam Schmidt Motorsports, winning the series championship in his rookie season over Jonathan Klein and Wade Cunningham. Howard earned two victories (Nashville and Kentucky) and seven total podium finishes. He made three starts for SpeedWorks at the beginning of the 2007 season, but was inactive for the rest of the year.
IndyCar Series (2008).
Roth Racing announced on 26 November 2007 that they had signed Howard to drive their second car for the 2008 IndyCar Series season.
Howard was hired on merit/talent and did not bring sponsorship to the team. The team was presented with a sponsorship opportunity with another driver and Howard was replaced in the No. 24 Roth Racing entry by John Andretti for the 2008 Indianapolis 500. This was originally announced as a one–race arrangement, meaning Howard would be back for the Milwaukee race. However, on 30 May, it was announced that Andretti would continue in the No. 24 car in the Milwaukee Mile and Texas Motor Speedway races. Andretti also drove in the next two races at the Iowa Speedway and Richmond International Raceway, but Howard returned to the car for the Watkins Glen International road course race. It would be Howard's last race with the team, as it contracted to a single car driven by team owner Marty Roth for the rest of the season.
Firestone Indy Lights (2009).
Howard began the 2009 Indy Lights season – the new name for the Indy Pro Series – for the rookie outfit Team PBIR. He competed in five races, before being replaced by paying drivers Pablo Donoso and Richard Philippe for the remainder of the season.
Return to the IndyCar Series (2010–18).
2010 season.
While Howard was announced in late 2009 with SFR for four events – Indianapolis Motor Speedway, Texas Motor Speedway, Chicagoland Speedway, Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course – on 1 March 2010, SFR announced that they would add the Kansas Speedway event to Howard's campaign. On 14 April, Howard joined team owner Fisher when he was the first entrant for the 2010 Indianapolis 500, while celebrating the 100th anniversary of English drivers competing at the legendary Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
On 21 April, Howard unveiled the 2010 paint scheme for his No. 66 Service Central entry at Kansas Speedway during a private test. On 23 May, Howard had qualified for the 94th running of the Indianapolis 500. With just minutes left before the gun would fire to signal the 33-car field, Howard's entry was withdrawn due to pressure from next in queue, veteran driver Paul Tracy. Howard failed to show sufficient speed to qualify and missed the race. On 28 August, Howard competed in his last race with SFR, fulfilling his contract with the team.
On 10 October, Howard won the RoboPong 200 all-star kart race at the New Castle Motorsports Park along with teammate Bill McLaughlin Jr., beating such notable drivers as Will Power and Graham Rahal, among others.
2011 season.
Howard noted in an interview on 14 October 2010, on "Trackside with Curt Cavin and Kevin Lee" on 1070 The Fan Indianapolis, that he would in no way return to SFR after the year they had. He also noted that he has his 2011 Indianapolis 500 program solidified and the team would be announced soon. Howard signed a deal with Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing in association with Sam Schmidt Motorsports to race in the 2011 Indianapolis 500 and the twin races at Texas Motor Speedway. Howard successfully qualified for the Indy 500 on pole day in the 20th position. He crashed out of the race after completing 60 laps and was credited with 30th place. Two weeks later, he finished 15th and 20th in the twin races at Texas Motor Speedway.
2012 season.
Howard was announced on 23 April 2012 as the driver of a Mike Shank Racing entry, which was filed for the 96th running of the Indianapolis 500. On 2 May 2012, MSR Indy announced they had relieved Howard of his duties to the team, after an engine deal had not materialised for the team, leaving the Brit open to pursue other options.
2017 season.
After a four-year absence from the Verizon IndyCar Series, Howard made his return to the series during the 101st running of the Indy 500 in a car financed by Tony Stewart and Sam Schmidt.
2018 season.
Jay returned to Sam Schmidt Motorsports and competed in the 2018 Indy 500 for the second consecutive time in the race and for the team.
Motorsports Driver Development (MDD).
In 2012, Howard founded Jay Howard's Motorsports Driver Development (MDD) in hopes of creating a unique program capable of taking drivers from karts to cars and then up the motorsports ladder.
Karts.
In the karting field, Howard has used his experience from the British Karting Championship, Indy Lights, and IndyCar to coach drivers of all ages. Initially, Howard focused only on drivers that already competing at the national level of karting; more recently, however, he has begun working with drivers at a club level, primarily at NOLA Motorsports Park. In the short time of running MDD, Howard has already coached drivers to two national championships in 2016, when Braden Eves won the World Karting Championship in Italian American Motor Engineering X-30 Senior and Yamaha Senior. MDD also claims multiple wins in the SuperKarts! USA Pro Tour as well as several wins in the United States Pro Kart Series.
In January 2017, Howard began running the "MDD Sprint Kart Championship" series at NOLA Motorsports park.
Formula 4 (U.S.).
In 2017, Howard entered 4 cars into the second year of the Formula 4 United States Championship under the umbrella of MDD. Since the start of the season, the rookie team has found tremendous success. MDD obtained their highest finish during the second round of the championship, when rookie driver Braden Eves was able to obtain second at Indianapolis Motor Speedway after only one day in the car. Eves is set to race again in the final round of the championship at Circuit of the Americas in October.
Since the first round of the F4 United States Championship, Howard has had a total of 8 drivers compete in the series. Currently, Howard is working on growing his F4 Program with the hopes of advancing some of his prominent kart racers to the F4 Championship in 2018.
Media work.
In a national promotion with MTV and American Family Insurance, Howard served as a driver coach for music-obsessed teen Lauren Goodell during the fall of 2009. Commercials were filmed on 12 and 13 October in Nebraska at Mid-America Motorplex. The commercials were first aired during MTV's Real World/Road Rules Challenge on 28 October 2009, and ran for four weeks during MTV's flagship program. A fifth installment was scheduled for 4 December 2009 during the mtvU Woodie Awards, which were filmed on 18 October in New York City.
Howard is represented by BRANDed Management agency, founded by Klint Briney.
Personal life.
Howard married his longtime girlfriend Courtney Nicoson on Saturday, 29 October 2011 in a private ceremony in Indianapolis, Indiana. Jay &amp; Courtney live in Carmel, Ind., with their only child, a son, Hudson. Howard was the subject of the cover story for the Carmel Monthly magazazine's May 2021 issue.

</doc>
<doc id="6939371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939371" title="Lawyer lips">
Lawyer lips



</doc>
<doc id="6939373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939373" title="14th Arrondisement">
14th Arrondisement



</doc>
<doc id="6939386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939386" title="Mary A. Bickerdyke">
Mary A. Bickerdyke



</doc>
<doc id="6939387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939387" title="Delta-ring">
Delta-ring

In mathematics, a non-empty collection of sets formula_1 is called a -ring (pronounced "") if it is closed under union, relative complementation, and countable intersection. The name "delta-ring" originates from the German word for intersection, "Durchschnitt", which is meant to highlight the ring's closure under countable intersection, in contrast to a -ring which is closed under countable unions.
Definition.
A family of sets formula_1 is called a -ring if it has all of the following properties:
If only the first two properties are satisfied, then formula_1 is a ring of sets but not a -ring. Every -ring is a -ring, but not every -ring is a -ring.
-rings can be used instead of σ-algebras in the development of measure theory if one does not wish to allow sets of infinite measure.
Examples.
The family formula_11 is a -ring but not a -ring because formula_12 is not bounded.

</doc>
<doc id="6939393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939393" title="14th Arrondissement">
14th Arrondissement



</doc>
<doc id="6939396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939396" title="South American coati">
South American coati

The South American coati (Nasua nasua), also known as the ring-tailed coati or brown-nosed coati, is a coati species and a member of the raccoon family (Procyonidae), found in the tropical and subtropical parts of South America. An adult generally weighs from and is long, with half of that being its tail. Its color is highly variable and the rings on the tail may be only somewhat visible, but its most distinguishing characteristic is that it lacks the largely white snout (or "nose") of its northern relative, the white-nosed coati.
Distribution and habitat.
The South American coati is widespread in tropical and subtropical South America. It occurs in the lowland forests east of the Andes as high as from Colombia and The Guianas south to Uruguay and northern Argentina. "Nasua nasua" occupancy is significantly and negatively related to elevation but positively related to forest cover.
It has been recorded in west Ecuador, and north and west Colombia. In Argentina, it has been recorded in Santa Fe and Salta Provinces. It has been introduced and naturalized on the island of Mallorca, where it is considered an invasive species.
The only documented records of white-nosed coati in South America are from far northwestern Colombia, in the Gulf of Urabá region, near the Colombian border with Panama. The smaller mountain coati lives foremost at altitudes above the South American coati, but there is considerable overlap.
Invasiveness.
In the European Union, the South American coati has been included in the list of Invasive Alien Species of Union concern since 2016. This implies that this species cannot be imported, bred, transported, commercialized, or intentionally released into the environment in the entire EU.
Its listing has been denied in the United Kingdom since late 2020, when the country left the membership act.
Behavior and ecology.
The South American coati is diurnal and lives both on the ground and in trees. It is omnivorous but primarily eats fruit, invertebrates, other small animals, and bird eggs. It also searches for fruit in trees high in the canopy and uses its snouts to poke through crevices to find animal prey on the ground. Furthermore, it also searches for animal prey by turning over rocks on the ground or ripping open logs with its claws. The South American coati was found to be a host of an intestinal acanthocephalan parasitic worm, "Pachysentis lauroi".
Females typically live in large groups, called bands, consisting of 15 to 30 animals. Males are usually solitary. Solitary males were originally considered a separate species due to their different social habits and were called "coatimundis", a term still sometimes used today. Neither bands of females nor solitary males defend a unique territory, and territories therefore overlap.
Group members can produce soft whining sounds, but alarm calls are different, consisting of loud woofs and clicks. Coatis typically sleep in the trees. When an alarm call is sounded, they climb trees, and then drop down to the ground and disperse. Predators of the South American coati include foxes, jaguars, jaguarundis, and occasionally humans.
Reproduction.
All females in a group come into heat simultaneously when fruit is in season and mate with several males. The gestation period is 74 to 77 days. The estrus period lasts 1–2 weeks. Captive females give birth to 1–7 young at a time. In the wild, they leave the group to give birth in a nest built in trees and rejoin the group with their offspring 5–6 weeks later. They usually remain with their natal group. Males generally disperse from their natal group at the age of three years. South American coatis generally live for up to 7 years in the wild but can live up to 14 years in captivity.
Taxonomy.
"Viverra nasua" was the scientific name proposed by Carl Linnaeus in 1766 for a red coati specimen. It was subordinated to the genus "Nasua". As of 2005, 13 subspecies were recognized:

</doc>
<doc id="6939406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939406" title="Jane Grey Swisshelm">
Jane Grey Swisshelm



</doc>
<doc id="6939407" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939407" title="Peter E. Berger">
Peter E. Berger

Peter Edward Berger (May 30, 1944 – September 22, 2011) was an American film editor with about fifty feature and television film credits. He is known for editing films such as "Mommie Dearest" (1981), four films in the "Star Trek" series (from ' (1986) through ' (1998)), "Fatal Attraction" (1987), and "Coach Carter" (2005). His last credit was for the television biopic "" (2009). It was his sixth collaboration with director Thomas Carter. With Michael Kahn, Berger won the 1989 BAFTA Award for Best Editing for "Fatal Attraction", and they were nominated for the Academy Award and the American Cinema Editors Eddie for the film.
Berger was the son of film editor Fred W. Berger. He attended film school at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), served in the United States Army, and worked for the Armed Forces Korean Network in Seoul. He began his career in 1968 working on the television program, "The Doris Day Show". His first credit was for the feature film "Arnold" (1973).
Filmography.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="6939416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939416" title="Andretti Green">
Andretti Green



</doc>
<doc id="6939423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939423" title="Burning The Bed">
Burning The Bed



</doc>
<doc id="6939428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939428" title="Erwin Lutzer">
Erwin Lutzer

Erwin W. Lutzer (born October 3, 1941) is a Canadian-born evangelical Christian speaker, radio broadcaster, and author. He is the pastor emeritus of The Moody Church in Chicago, Illinois (19802016).
Career.
Born in Saskatchewan, Canada, Lutzer became a born-again Christian at age 14. In 1962, he graduated from Winnipeg Bible Institute (now Providence University College and Theological Seminary) with a Bachelor's Degree in Biblical Education. He taught at Briercrest Bible Institute in Caronport, Saskatchewan, in the late 1960's - early 1970's. He served as senior pastor of Edgewater Baptist Church, Chicago, from 1971 to 1977. During that time he completed an M.A. in Philosophy from Loyola University Chicago. Previously he had earned the Master of Theology from Dallas Theological Seminary in 1967. He then entered the PhD program at Loyola to pursue a doctorate in Philosophy; however, he did not complete his dissertation. In subsequent years, Lutzer has received two honorary doctorates, an LL.D. from Simon Greenleaf School of Law and a Doctor of Divinity from Western Conservative Baptist Seminary.
The Moody Church.
In January 1980, Lutzer became the 16th senior pastor of The Moody Church in Chicago's Lincoln Park neighborhood. The church and its ministries grew significantly under his leadership, leading to the construction of a new Christian Life Center to complement the existing 75-year-old building. On January 4, 2016, at a Sunday sermon, Lutzer announced that he would be retiring from his senior pastor position at The Moody Church. He said he would retain the position until a new senior pastor was chosen, and afterward would consider himself to be the church's "Pastor Emeritus", planning to "assume a wider role" by continuing his radio show "Running to Win" as well as "speaking at media rallies, conducting seminars, and writing books" in the future. On the Sunday morning of May 22, 2016, Lutzer preached his last sermon as senior pastor of The Moody Church and officially stepped down from the position.
Legal issues.
In December 2010, the Illinois Appellate Court for the Second District upheld a jury verdict finding Lutzer liable in the amount of $276,306 for False Light Invasion of Privacy in a civil case brought against Lutzer while acting in the capacity of Senior Pastor of the Moody Church by a former colleague and associate pastor. Lutzer had sent a letter to another church, informing it's elders that their pastor had had sex with a woman he was not married to.
Media.
Radio and television.
Pastor Lutzer is the featured speaker on two radio broadcasts produced by Moody Church Media: "Songs in the Night," (1980–Present) and "Running to Win" (1998–Present). From 1980-2024, he was also the featured speaker on the "Moody Church Hour," a weekly broadcast of worship and teaching. On February 18, 2024, he transferred hosting “Moody Church Hour” to the 17th Senior pastor of The Moody Church, Philip Miller. These broadcasts are heard on radio stations across the U.S., including Moody Radio, Bott Radio Network, the Bible Broadcasting Network, and more as well as streaming worldwide on the internet. "Running To Win" also broadcasts internationally in over 50 countries and 7 languages, through partnerships like Trans World Radio. 
On November 10, 2018, his television production of "A Call for Freedom", tracing the Protestant Reformation from the time of Martin Luther and shot on location in Germany, won three regional Emmy Awards.
Lutzer continues to speak internationally at churches, conferences, and retreats, such as the Word of Life Conference Center in Hudson, Florida and the Training Center at the Cove with the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association.
Author.
Lutzer has authored more than 70 books, including "Hitler’s Cross", which won a Gold Medallion award from the Evangelical Christian Publishers Association, and the bestselling "We Will Not Be Silenced: Responding Courageously to Our Culture's Assault on Christianity" and "One Minute After You Die: A Preview of Your Final Destination".
Lutzer’s book critiquing Dan Brown’s best-selling novel "The Da Vinci Code", entitled "The Da Vinci Deception", was featured on national broadcasts in both secular and Christian markets.
Personal life.
Lutzer and his wife, Rebecca, make their home in the Chicago area as of 2021. They have three adult children.

</doc>
<doc id="6939430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939430" title="Urination fetish">
Urination fetish



</doc>
<doc id="6939435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939435" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Ragusa">
List of municipalities of the Province of Ragusa

The following is a list of the 12 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Ragusa, Sicily, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6939445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939445" title="Total DDT">
Total DDT



</doc>
<doc id="6939452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939452" title="Total-DDT">
Total-DDT



</doc>
<doc id="6939454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939454" title="Sgt. Mark A. Rademacher Memorial Park">
Sgt. Mark A. Rademacher Memorial Park

Sgt. Mark A. Rademacher Memorial Park, commonly known as Hunters Creek Park, is a park located in the Town of Wales in the U.S. state of New York. The park is operated by Erie County Department of Parks, Recreation and Forestry, and is a popular destination for hiking, mountain biking and horseback riding.
According to the 2003 Erie County Parks System Master Plan, Hunters Creek Park is classified as a conservation park. These parks are managed primarily for conservation of the natural environment and passive nature-based outdoor recreation activities, and are intended to generally remain in a natural state.
The largely-undeveloped park sits upon land purchased by Erie County in the 1970s. The park was renamed "Sgt. Mark A. Rademacher Memorial Park" in 1983 in honor of a 20-year-old US Army Ranger from the Town of Wales who died in the Invasion of Grenada.

</doc>
<doc id="6939459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939459" title="Beta cloth">
Beta cloth

Beta cloth is a type of fireproof PTFE impregnated silica fiber cloth used in the manufacture of Apollo/Skylab A7L space suits, the Apollo Thermal Micrometeoroid Garment, the McDivitt Purse, and in other specialized applications.
Beta cloth consists of fine woven silica fiber, similar to glass fiber. The resulting fabric does not burn, and melts only at temperatures exceeding . To reduce its tendency to crease or tear when manipulated, and to increase durability, the fibers are coated with Teflon.
Details.
The tight weave of Beta cloth makes it more resistant to atomic oxygen exposure. Its ability to resist atomic oxygen exposure means it is commonly used as the outer-most layer of multi-layer insulation for space; it was used on the Space Shuttle and the International Space Station.
It was incorporated into NASA space suits after the deadly 1967 Apollo 1 launch pad fire, in which the astronauts' nylon suits burned through. After the fire, NASA demanded any potentially flammable materials be removed from both the spacecraft and space suits. Beta cloth was developed by a Manned Spacecraft Center team led by Frederick S. Dawn and including Matthew I. Radnofsky working with the Owens-Corning and DuPont companies.
Where additional wear resistance was needed, external patches of Chromel-R metallic cloth were used.
Beta cloth was used as the material for the Skylab shower enclosure.
The interior of the Space Shuttle payload bay was almost completely covered with Beta cloth. This protected it while it was opened for weeks at a time in space.
Beta cloth is used on the "Curiosity" Mars rover.

</doc>
<doc id="6939464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939464" title="2002 South Carolina gubernatorial election">
2002 South Carolina gubernatorial election

The 2002 South Carolina gubernatorial election was held on November 5, 2002, to select the governor of the state of South Carolina. Mark Sanford, the Republican nominee, defeated incumbent Democratic governor Jim Hodges to become the 115th governor of South Carolina. Hodges became only the third incumbent governor and the first Democratic governor in South Carolina history to lose re-election. With Sanford's election, Republicans won a trifecta in the state for the first time since 1877.
Democratic primary.
Governor Jim Hodges faced no opposition from South Carolina Democrats and avoided a primary election.
Republican primary.
The South Carolina Republican Party held their primary on June 11, 2002, and the runoff on June 25, 2002. The contest became a race between Lieutenant Governor Bob Peeler from the Upstate and Mark Sanford, a former representative of the 1st congressional district in the Lowcountry. Sanford received the support of the candidates eliminated from the runoff election and easily defeated Peeler.
General election.
Results.
The general election was held on November 5, 2002, and Mark Sanford was elected as the next governor of South Carolina. Turnout was higher than in the previous gubernatorial election because of the competitive nature of the race between the two parties. Activist and author Kevin Alexander Gray was a gubernatorial candidate representing the South Carolina United Citizens’ Party &amp; Green Party. He did not have the required signatures to be on the ballot, and consequently ran as a write-in candidate.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6939466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939466" title="Bluebird Café">
Bluebird Café

The Bluebird Café is a 90-seat cafe and music venue in Green Hills, Nashville, Tennessee. The cafe features acoustic music performances and receives over 70,000 visitors annually.
History.
Amy Kurland, a former waitress, opened the Bluebird Café on June 3, 1982, using an inheritance she received from her grandmother. Initially, it was intended to be just a cafe, but Kurland agreed to allow friends to provide live music. The cafe became a loud late-night location for Nashville musicians. After the cafe hosted a "writer's night" to benefit World Hunger Year, the event became a regular fixture at the cafe, giving local songwriters a chance to showcase their latest work acoustically.
In March 1983, future country star Kathy Mattea received a recording contract after playing at the cafe regularly for seven months.
In 1985, songwriters Don Schlitz, Fred Knobloch, Thom Schuyler, and Paul Overstreet formed a new setup in the cafe whereby four songwriters would play in the center of the cafe, facing each other.
After the female songwriters noted that most of the songwriters performing were men, in 1988, they launched "Women In The Round"; regular performers included Pam Tillis, Karen Staley, Ashley Cleveland, and Trisha Walker.
Also in 1988, Garth Brooks received a recording contract after a performance at the cafe; he had been turned down by the same label a week earlier.
The cafe is a central feature in the movie "The Thing Called Love" (1993), the last film of River Phoenix.
In 1999, Turner South aired a program called "Live from the Bluebird Café", which built awareness for the cafe.
"The Bluebird Café Scrapbook", written by Kurland, was published in 2002. It is a history of the club, its writers, events, and employees, as told by the writers, employees, and other witnesses.
In 2002, the cafe received an Academy of Country Music Award for Night Club of the Year.
In 2004, Scott Borchetta of Big Machine Records offered Taylor Swift, then 14 years old, a recording contract after seeing her perform at the cafe.
In 2008, Nashville Songwriters Association International acquired the cafe from Kurland, who remained as an advisor.
"Bluebird", a documentary about the club, was released in November 2019.
In September 2023, a musical theatre inspired by the café, titled "Bluebird", was announced, to be developed by Wayne Kirkpatrick and Don Chaffer.
In popular culture.
The cafe is featured in nearly every episode of the drama "Nashville" on American Broadcasting Company.
"Bluebird Cafe" is a track from John Waite's album "When You Were Mine" (1997).
The cafe is also referenced in "Somewhere North of Nashville" (2019) by Bruce Springsteen.
The cafe is referenced in the Foo Fighters song "Congregation", released in October 2014. On May 7, 2014, Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl performed an hour-long surprise solo acoustic set at the cafe.

</doc>
<doc id="6939467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939467" title="Delta ring">
Delta ring



</doc>
<doc id="6939468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939468" title="Shutromyntsi">
Shutromyntsi

Shutromyntsi () is a village in Chortkiv Raion of Ternopil Oblast, Western Ukraine. It is about 50 km north of Zalischyky. It belongs to Tovste settlement hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
Until 18 July 2020, Shutromyntsi belonged to Zalishchyky Raion. The raion was abolished in July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Ternopil Oblast to three. The area of Zalishchyky Raion was merged into Chortkiv Raion.

</doc>
<doc id="6939478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939478" title="Vuyani Bungu">
Vuyani Bungu

Vuyani Bungu (born 26 February 1967) is a South African former professional boxer who competed from 1987 to 2005. He held the IBF junior-featherweight title from 1994 to 1999, and the IBO featherweight title from 2004 to 2005.
Professional career.
Bungu turned pro in 1987 and in 1994 captured the International Boxing Federation Super Bantamweight Title with a shocking upset victory over Kennedy McKinney, a fight named 1994 Ring Magazine Upset of the Year. After the victory, Bungu defended the title an impressive 13 times before relinquishing the belt in 2000 to move up to featherweight to take on Naseem Hamed. Hamed defeated the super bantamweight former champion, TKO'ing Bungu in the 4th round. In 2002, he was beaten by Lehlohonolo Ledwaba and retired in 2005 after losing to Thomas Mashaba. He compiled a career record of 39–5–0.
Honours.
Bungu was inducted into the South African Hall of Fame in the category of boxing.

</doc>
<doc id="6939490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939490" title="Ring Magazine Upset of the Year">
Ring Magazine Upset of the Year



</doc>
<doc id="6939492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939492" title="Horatio Frederick Phillips">
Horatio Frederick Phillips

Horatio Frederick Phillips (1845 – 1924) was an English aviation pioneer, born in Streatham, Surrey. He was famous for building multiplane flying machines with many more sets of lifting surfaces than are normal on modern aircraft. However he made a more lasting contribution to aeronautics in his work on aerofoil design.
Aerofoils.
Phillips devised a wind tunnel in which he studied a wide variety of aerofoil shapes for use in providing lift. The tunnel was unusual in that the gas flow was provided by steam rather than air.
By 1884 he was able to register his first patent, and more were to follow. He demonstrated the truth of George Cayley's idea that giving the upper surface greater curvature than the lower accelerates the upper airflow, reducing pressure above the wing and so creating lift.
Multiplane flying machines.
Phillips believed that multiple stacked wing planes (or "sustainers" as he called them), in "Venetian blind" configuration, offered advantages.
Though successful, the 1907 model showed poor performance compared to more conventional contemporary types. This caused Phillips to end his attempts at manned flight.

</doc>
<doc id="6939519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939519" title="Al Kapone">
Al Kapone

Alphonzo Jerome Bailey (born November 5, 1971), better known by his stage name Al Kapone, is an American rapper from Memphis, Tennessee. Al Kapone is known principally for his underground success in the Memphis hip hop scene in the 1990s, and his later role in a number of more contemporary songs.
Career.
After a decade of cultivating underground cult status in Memphis, Al Kapone began to achieve some mainstream success starting with his role on the soundtrack to the film, "Hustle &amp; Flow". The soundtrack included one solo track, titled "Get Crunk, Get Buck". He also wrote and produced "Whoop That Trick" and wrote "Hustle &amp; Flow (It Ain't Over)", both tracks performed by Djay. His song "The Deepest Hood" featured in the 2007 film, "Stomp the Yard".
Al Kapone co-wrote E-40's "U and Dat" and Lil' Jon's "Snap Yo Fingers" and appeared on fellow Memphis hip hoppers Three 6 Mafia's album, "Last 2 Walk", and 8Ball &amp; MJG's, "Ridin High".

</doc>
<doc id="6939524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939524" title="Hajo">
Hajo

Hajo is a historic town set in the hills northwest of Guwahati, Assam, India. It is a meeting point of Buddhists, Hindus and Muslims due to the various pilgrimage sites on the different hills of Hajo. To the Hindus, the Manikut Parbat of Hajo is the site of the 10th-century temple ruins and the 11th- to 16th-century temples complex for Vaishnavism as well as shrines of Shaivism and Shaktism. To the Buddhists, particularly from Bhutan and Tibet, Assam is where the Buddha died and the Hayagriva temple in Hajo is a part of the sacred geography of the Buddha. To the regional Muslims, the Mughal era Poa-Mecca shrine on another hill of Hajo has the tomb of Giyasuddin Aulia built in the 17th century.
Hajo is one of the important historical and archaeological sites in northeast India as it preserves the history, inscriptions and architecture in a range of temples and monuments over about 1200 years. It is also a site known for its tradition of preserving rare species of tortoises, with Hindus believing that they are a form of Kurma avatar of Vishnu.
Location hajo.
Hajo is on the banks of the Brahmaputra River, northwest from the city of Guwahati in the Kamrup district of Assam, India.
Etymology.
Hajo word is derived from Boro word 'Hajw' () which means Hill.
It is named after Koch Hajo, a Koch tribal chief of the early 16th century.
Monuments.
Ancient to 16th century.
The rows of elephants at the plinth of the Hayagriva Mahadeva temple are likely the oldest part here, about 10th century. They are fine specimens of Assamese art. The Hayagriva temple is a Nagara architecture temple, with a mandapa, antarala and garbhagriya. It has artwork from Vaishnavism, Shaivism and Shaktism.
Cultural relation with Bhutan.
A large number of Bhutias used to visit Hajo as devotees. The Bhutias perform the ritual as their own faith, but not allowed to enter the main place of worship. The belief among the Bhutias that the image of Hayagriva-Madhava was earlier in a monastery in Lhasa from where a Brahmin brought it to Hajo.
Others.
There is a big pond known as Madhab Pukhuri near the temple. Doul, Bihu and Janmastami festivals are celebrated every year in the temple. 
"Sayani", the first wife of "Kalia Bhomora" Borphukan of the Ahom kingdom donated a plot of land and other gifts to the Hayagriva Madhava temple during the reign of Ahom king Kamaleswar Singha.
Politics.
Hajo is part of Barpeta (Lok Sabha constituency). BJP's Suman Haripriya is the current MLA of Hajo (Vidhan Sabha constituency).

</doc>
<doc id="6939528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939528" title="Chris Driscoll">
Chris Driscoll

Chris Driscoll (born September 12, 1971) is a Canadian retired lacrosse player.
Professional career.
Born in Fergus, Ontario, Driscoll began his career with the Detroit Turbos in 1993. He played with the Turbos for two seasons before they disbanded, and was claimed by Rochester in the resulting dispersal draft. Driscoll played four seasons in Rochester and during the 1999 season, he was traded to the Buffalo Bandits. Driscoll played the rest of that season plus two more in Buffalo, before being traded to the New York Saints in a seven-player deal. Driscoll played parts of two seasons with the Saints before being traded yet again, this time to the Toronto Rock for defenseman Scott Stapleford and three draft picks.
Driscoll was given the National Lacrosse League Sportsmanship Award in 2003, and won an NLL championship with the Rock in 2005.
In November 2008, Driscoll was named captain of the Toronto Rock, replacing the retired Jim Veltman. Driscoll became only the second team captain in Rock history.
On July 31, 2009, Driscoll was traded to the Buffalo Bandits in exchange for defenseman Phil Sanderson.
He was left off the Knighthawks' 2012 active roster, but will fill a role as Ontario Scout for the team.
Statistics.
NLL.
Reference:

</doc>
<doc id="6939534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939534" title="Caudate lobe of liver">
Caudate lobe of liver



</doc>
<doc id="6939535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939535" title="Quadrate lobe of liver">
Quadrate lobe of liver



</doc>
<doc id="6939536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939536" title="Maulana Hakeem Nooruddin">
Maulana Hakeem Nooruddin



</doc>
<doc id="6939539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939539" title="Left lobe of liver">
Left lobe of liver



</doc>
<doc id="6939545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939545" title="Coin check">
Coin check



</doc>
<doc id="6939547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939547" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Syracuse">
List of municipalities of the Province of Syracuse

The following is a list of the 21 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Syracuse, Sicily, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6939553" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939553" title="Right lobe of liver">
Right lobe of liver



</doc>
<doc id="6939558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939558" title="Caudate lobe">
Caudate lobe



</doc>
<doc id="6939562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939562" title="Right lobe">
Right lobe



</doc>
<doc id="6939566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939566" title="Coring">
Coring

Coring happens when a heated alloy, such as a Cu-Ni system, cools in non-equilibrium conditions. The center of each grain, which is the first part to freeze, is rich in the high-melting element (e.g., nickel for this Cu–Ni system), whereas the concentration of the low-melting element increases with position from this region to the grain boundary. This is termed a 'cored structure', which gives rise to less than the optimal properties. The distribution of the two elements within the grains is nonuniform, a phenomenon termed 'segregation'; that is, concentration gradients are established across the grains. 
As a casting having a cored structure is reheated, grain boundary regions will melt first in as much as they are richer in the low-melting component. This produces a sudden loss in mechanical integrity due to the thin liquid film that separates the grains. Furthermore, this melting may begin at a temperature below the equilibrium solidus temperature of the alloy. Coring may be eliminated by a homogenization heat treatment carried out at a temperature below the solidus point for the particular alloy composition. During this process, atomic diffusion occurs, which produces compositionally homogeneous grains.
Coring is predominantly observed in alloys having a marked difference between liquidus and solidus temperatures. It is often being removed by subsequent annealing and/or hot-working. It is exploited in zone refining techniques to produce high purity metals. Coring was first discovered by Aubrey Tang.

</doc>
<doc id="6939568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939568" title="Quadrate lobe">
Quadrate lobe



</doc>
<doc id="6939577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939577" title="Horatio Phillips">
Horatio Phillips



</doc>
<doc id="6939582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939582" title="Shankar (cartoonist)">
Shankar (cartoonist)



</doc>
<doc id="6939583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939583" title="Bonar">
Bonar

Bonar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6939587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939587" title="Horatio F. Phillips">
Horatio F. Phillips



</doc>
<doc id="6939588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939588" title="Hammos">
Hammos



</doc>
<doc id="6939590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939590" title="Right lobe of the liver">
Right lobe of the liver



</doc>
<doc id="6939593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939593" title="Mission patch">
Mission patch

A mission patch is a cloth reproduction of a spaceflight mission emblem worn by astronauts and other personnel affiliated with that mission. It is usually executed as an embroidered patch. The term space patch is mostly applied to an emblem designed for a crewed space mission. Traditionally, the patch is worn on the space suit that astronauts and cosmonauts wear when launched into space. Mission patches have been adopted by the crew and personnel of many other space ventures, public and private.
Origins.
The idea of creating distinctive patches for military missions or units began during the US Civil War, when the Army of the Potomac introduced special insignias to distinguish its corps and divisions. This practice faded after General Robert E. Lee surrendered at Appomattox and the army disbanded. However, the tradition was brought back with the onset of World War I and has since become widespread across all branches of the military, used in both wartime and peacetime.
The first space patch was flown by Soviet cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova on the Vostok 6 mission in 1963; however, that was hidden from public view by the bright orange coverall that was part of the space suit at the time. At the start of the human spaceflight space age, as a rule, astronauts were pilots from a military background. These pilots took the tradition of military shoulder patches with them; most US space missions have had dedicated designs, and since the mid-1980s most Soviet/Russian flights also featured space patches. Mission patches were first sported by NASA astronauts in 1965. The idea was first introduced to NASA by Air Force pilot (and astronaut) Gordon Cooper.
Evolution.
Following the loss of the Apollo 1 crew in a devastating fire, embroidered patches were restricted from crew clothing. Instead, astronauts in flight wore mission patches of fire-resistant Beta cloth onto which designs were silkscreened. (Embroidered patches were still produced for ground side wear, non-flight personnel, sale to collectors and to be flown in space as souvenirs.)
In the Soviet Union/Russia.
The Vostok-6 patch was the only one of that program. The first spacewalker, Alexei Leonov wore a general patch on his EVA representing a rocket taking off Earth, which was also used on subsequent flights. As part of the Interkosmos program, the crewed flights to the Salyut and Mir space stations between 1978 and 1988 featured mission logos. After that, some international flights had a patch, but only from 1994 onward did every Russian crewed launch feature a space patch. At that time, the design and production of the patches was done on the initiative of the crew; the designs were not sanctioned by the Russian space agency (Glavkosmos/RKA/Roscosmos). On a few confusing occasions, that lead to two 'crew-approved' patches existing for a single mission. The first agency-approved Russian space patch was the one for Soyuz TMA-13. However, Roscosmos was very late in announcing the design, by which time the crew had already produced their own version; the official design was not worn on the crew's suits. Since Soyuz TMA-14 in 2009, all launches feature 'official' patches.
In the United States.
Early crewed NASA missions lacked patches; instead, the astronauts gave their spacecraft names. (Alan Shepard's capsule for Mercury 3 was named "Freedom 7", for instance.) When Gus Grissom proposed to name his Gemini 3 capsule "Molly Brown"—a reference to "The Unsinkable Molly Brown", referring in turn to Grissom's Mercury 4 capsule which sank in the ocean shortly after splashdown – NASA officials were nonplussed and they abolished the practice of naming capsules.
This prompted astronaut Gordon Cooper to propose and develop a mission patch for his and Pete Conrad's 1965 Gemini 5 flight: an embroidered cloth patch sporting the names of the two crew members, a covered wagon, and the slogan "8 Days or Bust" which referred to the expected mission duration. NASA administrator James E. Webb approved the design, but insisted on the removal of the slogan from the official version of the patch. The so-called Cooper patch was worn on the right breast of the astronauts' uniforms below their nameplates and opposite the NASA emblems worn on the left.
Since Gemini 5, patches have been created for all NASA crewed missions and many uncrewed expeditions. Patches are now created by professional graphic designers, but the design is still directed by each astronaut crew. They are designed and manufactured by A-B Emblem in North Carolina.
Since Gemini 5, every NASA crewed space mission had its own patch; 8 designs for Gemini, 12 for Apollo, 3 for Skylab, 1 for the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project (ASTP), 135 for the Space Shuttle program, and 1 for SpaceX (NASA Commercial Crew Program).
In Europe.
Although European human spaceflight, performed by ESA, is dependent on US or Russian launches, most European astronauts have worn a patch designed for their particular mission (apart from some of the earlier Shuttle flights, when ESA astronauts wore the same crew patches as their NASA colleagues). ESA patches are designed either by the agency's graphics teams or occasionally by members of the public through competitions organized by ESA. ESA maintains a patch gallery of every patch worn by its astronauts. 
China.
In 2003, China launched its first astronaut, Yang Liwei aboard Shenzhou 5. Following the US and Soviet/Russian tradition, he had a mission patch on his pressure suit. The crewed Shenzhou-6, -7 and -9 missions continued the tradition. In a departure from US and Russian designs, the Chinese mission patches do not feature crew names.
Artists.
Early American patch designs were dominated by artists employed by spacecraft contractors McDonnell Aircraft (later McDonnell Douglas) and North American Aviation (later North American Rockwell) — these included Anthony Tharenos, Allen Stevens and Jean Pinataro. Later, NASA and NASA contractor artists contributed designs and final artwork — these included Jean Beaulieu, William Bradley, James Cooper, Victor Craft, Jerry Elmore, Barbara Matelski, and Norman Tiller.
Professional artists were commisioned in a few cases — Lumen Martin Winter, Emilio Pucci, Frank Kelly Freas and Robert McCall.
During the Shuttle and ISS era, a great many artists contributed designs, but two NASA contract artists dominated the field — Sean Collins and David Russell.
Most early Soviet/Russian patches were designed by artists that remain anonymous. In the 90s, Dmitri Shcherbinin and Alex Panchenko provided designs for Soyuz missions and personal patches. Russian designs for Soyuz TMA-14 through TMA-03M included art done by children, submitted to Roscosmos as part of a competition. More recently Tim Gagnon of the US and Jorge Cartes of Spain designed Shuttle and ISS expedition patches, while Luc van den Abeelen and Erik van der Hoorn, both of the Netherlands, provided art for Russian Soyuz missions to ISS. Additionally, Johnson Space Center graphic designer Blake Dumesnil has also worked closely with ISS crews on expedition mission patches, Soyuz patches, and personal crew patches, in addition to official NASA commemorative designs for the end of the Space Shuttle Program and the 50th Anniversary of Extravehicular Activities (EVAs).
Collecting.
Space patch collecting is done by a modest group of people worldwide, trying to keep up with new releases while searching for vintage examples of early mission patches, some now nearly 60 years old. Since 1971, all official NASA mission patches have been produced by a single supplier: A-B Emblem of Weaverville, North Carolina. As a result, most mission patches since Apollo have been widely available to the public. But a number of years ago, the company switched embroidery machines, and recent versions of older Shuttle patches differ from the originals, making the latter more interesting to serious collectors. Original Soviet-era patches and early Russian ones were either never available to the public or in very limited numbers. Since 2009, the supplier of Soyuz patches has modest numbers of patches available for collectors. The Chinese crew patches are very scarce and mostly only obtained through contacts within the Chinese aerospace industry. ESA patches were only made in limited numbers for PR events, but since 2012 the agency has moved to make its mission patches more widely available to the public from their original providers (Quadrotem in Germany, Emblemen in the Netherlands and Stewart Aviation in UK).
References.
9. French Website about all the crewed space missions patches: https://space-badges.pagesperso-orange.fr/

</doc>
<doc id="6939600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939600" title="Left lobe">
Left lobe



</doc>
<doc id="6939602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939602" title="Battle of Shusha (1992)">
Battle of Shusha (1992)

The Battle of Shusha (Codenamed: Operation Wedding in The Mountains; Armenian: Հարսանիք լեռներում, "Harsaniq lernerum;" Russian: Свадьба в горах, "Svadba v gorakh)" (, ) was the first significant military victory by Armenian forces during the First Nagorno-Karabakh War. The battle took place in the strategically important mountain town of Shusha on the evening of 8 May 1992, and fighting swiftly concluded the next day after Armenian forces captured it and drove out the defending Azerbaijanis. Armenian military commanders based in Nagorno-Karabakh's capital of Stepanakert had been contemplating capturing the town after Azerbaijani shelling of Stepanakert from Shusha for half a year had led to hundreds of Armenian civilian casualties and mass destruction in Stepanakert.
The capture of the town proved decisive. Shusha was the most important military stronghold that Azerbaijan held in Nagorno-Karabakh – its loss marked a turning point in the war, and led to a series of military victories by Armenian forces in the course of the conflict.
Background.
In February 1988, Nagorno-Karabakh had been an autonomous oblast for over sixty years within the borders of the Azerbaijan SSR, though with a majority Armenian population. Following its government's decision to secede from Azerbaijan and re-unify with Armenia, the conflict erupted into a larger scale ethnic feud between Armenians and Azerbaijanis living in the Soviet Union. After the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, the Armenians and Azerbaijanis vied to take control of Karabakh with full-scale battles in the winter of 1992. By then, the enclave had declared its independence and set up an unrecognized, though self-functioning, government.
The advanced weaponry of tanks, armored fighting vehicles, fighter jets and helicopter gunships deployed by both sides marked the moment of all-out war. Large-scale population movements began as well, with most of the Armenians living in Azerbaijan fleeing to Armenia and the Azerbaijanis in Armenia to Azerbaijan. The battle was preceded by the controversial capture of the town and site of Nagorno-Karabakh's only airport in Khojaly by Armenians in February 1992. With the loss of Khojaly, Azerbaijani commanders concentrated the rest of their efforts on Stepanakert, overlooked by Shusha.
On 26 January 1992 Azerbaijani forces stationed in Shusha encircled and attacked the nearby Armenian village of Karintak (located on the way from Shusha to Stepanakert) attempting to capture it. This operation was conducted by Azerbaijan's then defence minister Tajedin Mekhtiev and was meant to prepare the ground for a future attack on Stepanakert. The operation failed amid strenuous resistance put up by villagers and the Armenian fighters. Mekhtiev was ambushed and up to seventy Azerbaijani soldiers died. After this debacle, Mekhtiev left Shusha and was fired as defence minister. The Armenians to date celebrate the self-defence of Karintak as one of their early and most decisive victories.
Shusha as base for shelling Stepanakert.
Shusha sits on a mountaintop overlooking the NKR's highly populated capital, Stepanakert (just 5 km away), from an elevation of 600m. An old fortress with high walls, the town is five kilometers (four miles) to the south of Stepanakert and perched on a mountaintop with limited vehicular access. From a geographical standpoint Shusha was well-suited for the Azerbaijani shelling of Stepanakert. The main kind of artillery used in the bombardment, which began on 10 January 1992, was the Soviet-made BM-21 GRAD multiple rocket launcher, capable of firing 40 rockets in one volley. The BM-21, the descendant of the World War II-era Katyusha, lacked a precision guided missile system. Dubbed the "flying telephone poles" due to their long, shaped charges, the rockets caused devastating damage to buildings over the course of the siege, hitting residential houses, schools, the city's silk factory, and maternity hospital.
Once the region's Communist Party headquarters and largest city with a population of 70,000, the fighting and shelling had driven away nearly 20,000 of Stepanakert's residents and forced the remainder to live underground in basements. By one tally recorded in early April, a total of 157 rockets had landed on the city in a single day. By early 1992 the bombing intensified. In a course of a week 1,000 shells (800 of which were reactive) fell on the city. On 23 February, ten servicemen in the Russian-led CIS 366th Motorized Rifle Regiment (part of the 23rd Motor Rifle Division, 4th Army), headquartered in Stepanakert and tasked with maintaining peace between the Armenians and Azerbaijanis, were injured and one killed.
Altogether, over 2,000 civilians were killed and thousands more injured in the bombardment in 1992. The city's infrastructure was pulverized with the destruction of sewage networks, water pipes, gas and electricity. In an article that appeared in "Time" in April 1992, it was noted that "scarcely a single building [had] escaped damage in Stepanakert."
Aside from shelling the city, the Azerbaijani military also launched aerial sorties and staged several ground attacks on the outskirts of Stepanakert. While these were beaten by the city's defenders, Stepanakert's leaders believed that military action had to be taken to relieve it finally from the continuous bombardment. On April 27, the military leaders' plans were approved to move in and capture Shusha.
The battle.
Preparation.
Colonel-General Gurgen Dalibaltayan, along with Arkady Ter-Tadevosyan, led the planning for the seizure of Shusha. All military factors favored the Azerbaijan army. The Azerbaijanis held advantage in terms of both quantity and the quality of military equipment; they held a numerical superiority and the high ground. The strategic heights commanded by Shusha meant the town could be more easily defended. Dalibaltayan, therefore, ruled out a direct frontal assault. Furthermore, according to military conventions and practices, for the operation to be successful, the attacking party should outnumber the defenders by at least a 3:1 ratio (even more when attacking an above-elevation target), while the NKR detachments simply did not have such manpower at the time. Instead, in conjunction with Ter-Tadevosyan (known among his troops as Komandos), who was tasked to lead the assault, they devised a strategy of launching several diversionary attacks against the adjacent villages to draw out the town's defenders. In the meantime, their forces would encircle and cut off the town from further reinforcements.
Order of battle.
The plan was put together in March–April 1992, after intelligence on the location, positions and the number of the rival forces had been collected. L. Martirosov had a mock-up of Shusha area made, enabling the commanders to outline their actions and directions. The plan was developed in top secrecy. On 28 April the main directions of the operation, the commanders, the resources at hand were finalized.
The plan of attack was signed off on 4 May 1992. In its final form, it defined its objects accordingly:
1. The enemy holds the surrounding positions
2. Our task is to:
After the regrouping of forces, advance on to Lisagor and Zarslu and to immediately start the attack in four directions:
To defeat the enemy from the Stepanakert side and Shusha's three sides, then to destroy the enemy and liberate Shushi.
Prior to the assault, Ter-Tadevosyan's forces opened up with an artillery bombardment from several directions, softening up the town's defenses. Since late February, the Azerbaijani military had been reinforcing Shusha and ammunition, and had been shuttling in helicopters to evacuate the town's civilian population. The attack was to start on 4 May, but for a number of reasons (lack of ammunition, adverse weather conditions, etc.) it was delayed. On 8 May, Armenian forces had amassed a force of nearly 1,000 fighters to begin the assault.
The offensive.
In the twilight hours of 8 May, Ter-Tadevosyan directed his forces to assail Shusha from different directions and attack it from the flanks and its rear, avoding the ridge facing Stepanakert (the town's most easily defendable location). The force was divided into five companies, four of which (under the command of Arkady Karapetyan, Valery Chitchyan, Samvel Babayan and Seyran Ohanyan) would attack from different directions, and the fifth (under command of Yura Ovanisyan) would remain as reserve in case any of the groups needed immediate reinforcement. The main contingent of the attacking force was primarily infantry, but was complemented by at least four tanks and two attack helicopters.
Entrenched in Shusha was the Azerbaijani commander Elbrus Orujev, who commanded a force of several hundred men and tanks. Orujev's men were bolstered by a Chechen volunteer contingent led by guerrilla warlord Shamil Basayev, who were among the last to leave the city. Due to the proximity of the attacking forces, the BM-21s were of no advantage to the defenders. 
Orujev's forces managed to fend off the first Armenians who scaled the town's cliffs. By mid-day, the fighting in Shusha escalated into a full-scale engagement, as both sides were involved in fierce combat amid Shusha's battered streets and communications tower. A famous tank battle took place between the two sides when an Armenian T-72, the first to enter Shusha, encountered its Azerbaijani counterpart on the northern approach to the town. The two exchanged fire, and the Armenian tank, manned by Gagik Avsharyan, was hit by several rounds and knocked out of commission. Two of the tank's crew members were killed but Avsharyan survived. By the evening of 8 May, Armenian forces had destroyed three BM-21s and captured the remainder of the battery. Within several hours, the defenders were forced to retreat to the town's southernmost tip.
By 9 May the Armenian forces were firmly in control of Shusha. At the battle-scarred Ghazanchetsots Cathedral they found that the Azerbaijanis had converted it into a storage depot for BM-21 rockets. Overwhelmed by the attacking force, Orujev ordered his forces to retreat and abandon the citadel. Casualty counts were estimated to have been over a hundred on both sides. After capture of the town, the city was looted and burnt by aggrieved Armenian civilians from nearby Stepanakert, who had endured months of bombing and shelling from Azerbaijani forces.
According to the claims of former Azerbaijani residents, some of the shelling was either indiscriminate or intentionally aimed at civilian targets.
Political fallout.
Writer Markar Melkonian, brother of Nagorno Karabakh commander Monte Melkonian, would later write that "the capture of Shusha would go down in the annals of local lore as the most glorious victory" in the first half of the war.
The capture of Shusha saw an influx of Armenians from Stepanakert and elsewhere in Karabakh moving to the town. Several days after the assault, Armenian forces launched an attack in the region of Lachin and opened up a 8-kilometer corridor connecting the enclave to Armenia proper. The assault prompted two attacks by Azerbaijan's military. One attempted to retake Shusha on 11 May and the other, farther south, in Martuni. Despite earlier claims made by Azerbaijan's defense ministry to having taken back Shusha, the counterattacks. On the Armenian defended front in Martuni, Armenian forces also turned back an Azerbaijani assault, inflicting heavy losses.
On the day of the Armenian victory, Armenian president Levon Ter-Petrosyan and then acting Azerbaijani president Yagub Mamedov were present in Tehran, Iran to sign a cease-fire agreement. News of the Armenian offensive led Mamedov to accuse Armenia of failing to honor the cease-fire. Ter-Petrosyan, however, contested that he was unable to control what the Armenians in Karabakh were planning. The loss of Shusha later led to mass demonstrations in Azerbaijan's capital of Baku against newly reinstated president Ayaz Mütallibov. Charged for failing to defend the cities of Shusha on 9th and later Lachin on 18th, he was forced to step down. Many Azerbaijanis greeted the news of the town's capture with disbelief: the town had been the birthplace for Azerbaijani composers, poets and musicians and many were convinced it had been betrayed or sold for political purposes. In a television interview in 2000, Basayev dismissed these theories and contended that the town's defenders had simply abandoned their positions.
The city was for a time one of the central items involved in the negotiating process in peace talks held from 1994 to 2020.
Turkey's involvement.
The seizure of the town prompted loud complaints from neighboring Turkey. Turkish Prime Minister Süleyman Demirel said that he was under intense public pressure to send military help to Azerbaijan. Demirel, however, did not heed their calls amid heightening tension with Russia. In May 1992, the commander of the CIS forces in the Caucasus, Yevgeny Shaposhnikov, warned that any Turkish incursion would lead to "the verge of a third world war, and that cannot be allowed." The Armenian victory in Shusha had many Turkish officials accusing Armenia of seeking to invade next the Azerbaijani exclave of Nakhchivan.
Because of international pressure, Turkey was ostensibly restricted to providing economic support to Azerbaijan. Nonetheless, the Turkish army and intelligence services launched undercover operations to supply Azerbaijan with arms and military personnel. According to Turkish sources, over 350 high-ranking officers and thousands of volunteers from Turkey participated in the warfare on the Azerbaijani side. Western authors reported several major shipments of weapons from Turkey, including bringing an arsenal of Soviet-made arms from the former East Germany.
Simultaneously, Turkey was engaged in overt intimidation of Armenia. On the international stage it lobbied various organizations and promoted a pro-Azerbaijani bent of mediation and conflict resolution efforts. Turkish diplomats organized "Turkic Summits" for Turkic nations that included Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan to convince the leaders of the Central Asian countries to sever economic ties with Armenia and condemn its military involvement in Nagorno Karabakh.
Commemorations.
After the war ended, Avsharyan's T-72 tank was recovered and repaired and was installed as a monument in Shusha. 9 May is now celebrated in Armenia and the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic as "The Day of the NKR's Defence Army" and "Shushi Liberation Day," respectively. A commendation medal was also awarded by the government to those Armenians who participated in the battle. On 22 September 2023, after the Azerbaijani offensive in Nagorno-Karabakh, Azerbaijan dismantled the tank monument.
Fifteenth anniversary.
On 9 May 2007, Armenia and the NKR celebrated the fifteenth anniversary of the town's capture. The festivities included a military parade in Renaissance Square in Stepanakert and a cross-country marathon organized by the Armenian Revolutionary Federation's youth wing that began from Armenia and ended in Shusha during the run up to 9 May. During the processions, then president of the NKR Arkadi Ghukasyan, reiterated the point that the citizens of the republic would have the final say over their future.
The parade was headed by the Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army's first deputy commander, Major General Movses Hakobyan. Attendants of it included veterans of the battle and the First Nagorno-Karabakh War and veterans from the Second World War since 9 May also marks Victory in Europe day.
In Armenia, prime minister Serzh Sargsyan inaugurated the naming of a square in the capital of Yerevan after Shusha.

</doc>
<doc id="6939609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939609" title="Chajja Singh">
Chajja Singh



</doc>
<doc id="6939640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939640" title="Mcnaughton rule">
Mcnaughton rule



</doc>
<doc id="6939647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939647" title="The Idiot Weekly">
The Idiot Weekly

The Idiot Weekly (1958–1962) was a radio program made by the Australian Broadcasting Commission.
Episodes of "The Goon Show" were broadcast on Australian radio from late 1955. When Spike Milligan visited his parents in Woy Woy in 1958, the Australian Broadcasting Commission signed him for a series of radio comedy broadcasts. They hoped for a local equivalent of "The Goon Show" with an Australian slant to it, but without Peter Sellers and Harry Secombe.
Format and characters.
The format was very similar to "The Goon Show", with Milligan recycling or adapting scripts and jokes for the new show. The show contained typical Goonish humour and some of Milligan's "Goon Show" characters, notably Eccles, made regular appearances. However it was distinctly Australian with plots translated to Australian locations and frequent references to topical events and Australian political figures of the time.
The closing credits were "a radio reading of "The Idiot Weekly"" with the actors credited as "Headlines by.." or "Cartoons by..." and the producer credited as a sub-editor.
Many episodes include references to the perceived poor state of the ABC, usually by the announcer. For example, "This is the Australian Broadcasting Commission and it's going bald" or "This is the ABC, and the roof leaks". These are similar to "The Goon Show's" references to the BBC, e.g. "This is the BBC Home Service." "(Coin dropped into charity tin)" "Thank you."
Most episodes include references to Woy Woy.
Broadcast episode sheet.
The first series was broadcast in 1958, and spanned three years, and broadcast as a weekly series of 12 episodes, it was produced by Max Greaves and starred Milligan alongside other cast members included John Bluthal, Bobby Limb, Michael EsdeLL and Ray Barrett. Music was by Tim Gussey and the ABC Dance Orchestra.
Series 2.
Broadcast dates unknown: "The Prime Minister's Trousers", "The First Australian into Outer Woy Woy"
The series was produced by John McCloud with cas Spike Milligan, Bobby Limb, John Bluthal, Peter Carver, Michael Eisdell, announcer Graham Connolly with music by Johnny Bamford (vibraphone), Bruce Findlay (vocals), Jim Gussey and featuring the ABC Dance Orchestra.
Series 3.
Broadcast dates unknown: "The Ashes", "The King's Bridge Saga", "The American Cup", "The World's Greatest Adventure", "The Spon Plague", "King's Cross - The East Berlin of Australia", "The Great Christmas Pudding", "The Flying Dustman of the Outback".
The series was proDUced by John McCloud cast was Spike Milligan, John Ewart, Ric Hutton, Paul Westerman, Al Thoma, Michael Eisdell, announcer Peter Young with music by Patricia Ridgeway (vocals), Dudley Stapleton (piano), Jim Gussey and featuring the ABC Dance Orchestra. 
Recordings.
The ABC did not keep all the episodes but a few recordings do survive. Some episodes were recorded off air onto acetate and are held in the archives of The Goon Show Preservation Society and in private collections.
Known surviving recordings are:&lt;BR&gt;
Season 1 - Program from 8 July 1958 (partial), "The All Australian Leather Rocket" (complete).&lt;BR&gt;
Season 2 - "Son of Andrea" (complete), "The First Australian into Outer Woy Woy" (with audience warm up), "The Prime Minister's Trousers" (complete with audience warm up), "The French Connection" (rehearsal), "The Australian Flag" (complete)&lt;BR&gt;
Season 3 - "The Ashes" (off air recording without music), "The King's Bridge Saga" (off air recording without music), "The American Cup" (complete), "The World's Greatest Adventure", "The Spon Plague", "King's Cross - The East Berlin of Australia" (without music), "The Great Christmas Pudding", "The Flying Dustman of the Outback" (off air recording without music).
Adaptations and audio releases.
Two episodes from Series 3, "The Ashes" and "The Flying Dustman of the Outback", were released on Parlophone LP (PMEO 9376) in 1962.
Six episodes were remade by the BBC as "The Omar Khayyam Show".

</doc>
<doc id="6939661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939661" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Trapani">
List of municipalities of the Province of Trapani

This is a list of the 25 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Trapani, Sicily, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6939673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939673" title="The Thing Called Love">
The Thing Called Love

The Thing Called Love is a 1993 American comedy-drama film directed by Peter Bogdanovich and starring Samantha Mathis as Miranda Presley, a young musician who tries to make it big in Nashville. River Phoenix, Dermot Mulroney and Sandra Bullock also star. While the film involves a love triangle and various complications in Miranda's route to success, it provides a sweetened glimpse at the lives of aspiring songwriters in Nashville. Its tagline is: "Stand by your dream".
The film was Phoenix's final complete screen performance before his death, as well as Phoenix's final film which released during his lifetime. Bogdanovich called the movie "a little picture with a slightly meandering French quality."
A "making of" documentary is available on the film's DVD release, titled "The Thing Called Love: A Look Back".
Plot.
Miranda Presley is an aspiring singer/songwriter from New York City who loves country music and decides to take her chances in Nashville, Tennessee, where she hopes to become a star. Arriving after a long bus ride, Miranda makes her way to the Bluebird Café, a local bar with a reputation as a showcase for new talent. Although she arrives too late to audition for that week's roster, the bar's owner Lucy likes the plucky newcomer and gives her a job as a waitress.
By the café's second week of auditions, Miranda has become familiar with some other Nashville transplants who are looking to land a gig or sell a song. This includes sweet and open-hearted Kyle Davidson of Connecticut, moody but talented James Wright from Texas, and spunky Linda Lue Linden of Alabama. Linda Lue talks Miranda into sharing her motel room, which her mother is subsidizing. As the four friends struggle to find their place in the competitive Nashville music scene, both Kyle and James display a romantic interest in Miranda, but she is drawn to James in spite of his moody temperament.
James convinces Miranda to spend time together, partially under the pretense of writing music. They have a date ending with a kiss, but he does not follow through with a telephone call the next day. Days later they coincide in a recording studio, and he practically ignores her.
Convincing Kyle that a song he wrote is good enough to be sung by an established singer, Miranda helps him sneak the tape into a singer's car's tapedeck. Unfortunately, the police notice and apprehend them. The singer follows them, listening to the tape on the way. Enamored, she chooses not to press charges and tells Kyle she would like the song.
Out dancing on a double date with Kyle and Linda Lue and her boyfriend, Miranda line dances. James is called to perform his music, and for his second song, he asks her to help him sing it. Singing together, their chemistry is palpable. Kyle is visibly upset when Miranda tells him she is leaving with James.
They have a whirlwind romance. Miranda moves in with James, and in a few short days they take an impromptu road trip to Graceland. In a convenience store, he obtains a toy ring from a candy dispenser, and he proposes marriage. One of the clerks gets her brother to officiate a brief ceremony, and they return to Nashville married.
At the café that evening, James and Kyle come to blows over Miranda. The subsequent months, the newlyweds soon realize marriage takes work. They rarely see each other because of her odd sleeping hours and his isolating himself in his practice room.
James leaves Miranda behind to make his album for some months in Texas, what he always wanted to do. He realizes he left his heart with her, so he comes back to the Bluebird Café, seeking Miranda, but he learns that she has left for New York City.
Miranda returns and sings a new song which finally earns her a spot performing in the Bluebird, before tentatively reuniting with James. Kyle joins them as Linda Lue leaves for New York to try acting, and the remaining three discuss writing a song together.
Production.
The film was to have been directed by Brian Gibson but in September 1992 he left the project to make "What's Love Got to Do with It" and was replaced by Peter Bogdanovich.
Bogdanovich says Phoenix approached Paramount to appear in the film. "He was brilliant to work with," said the director. "There were maybe two days during the 60-day shoot that I felt he wasn't as together as he was on other days. But one day, it was freezing cold and the other day, he took some kind of cold medicine that didn't agree with him. That was what I was told. But all the rest of the time, he was great... He was concerned with more than his own role. He was concerned with the overall picture, with the other actors and characters... He would have made a very good director.""
The film focuses on the songwriters rather than the performers. "It's a different kind of crowd," said Bogdanovich. "More cerebral, less about the glitz." It features cameos from Trisha Yearwood, Pam Tillis and Kevin Welch. Bogdanovich admitted the film had some similarities to "Fame" and "Flashdance" movies that became "kind of a genre of its own... We tried to play by the rules of that. [But] we also tried to play against that -- we tried to make it different from that kind of movie. We tried to walk a sometimes difficult tightrope."
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack features twelve songs, all done by various country artists.
River Phoenix wrote two songs including "Lone Star State of Mine"; Dermot Mulroney wrote one, and Sandra Bullock wrote lyrics for the song she performed. However, "Lone Star State of Mine" was not included on the soundtrack album for the film. In an August 1993 issue, journalist Malissa Thompson from "Seventeen" described Phoenix's singing as sounding amazingly urgent and sweet, although underscored with anger.
Reception.
Critical response.
Todd McCarthy of "Variety" magazine wrote: "Perhaps there's not much new to say about the dues and disappointments involved in breaking into the country music scene, but the scenes are fresh and the emotions real in Peter Bogdanovich's tune-laden, mixed-mood drama."
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave it 1 out of 4 and wrote: "Perhaps no one could have saved Phoenix, who was not lucky enough to find a higher bottom than death. But this performance in this movie should have been seen by someone as a cry for help."
"Filmink" called it "a film that should work... But it doesn’t. This feels like one where he [Bogdanovich] really could have used Polly Platt."
Box office.
The film debuted in several Southern markets. It was expected to open wider in autumn, but Paramount decided against this following the death of River Phoenix. The movie ultimately ranked among the least profitable films of 1993. "Paramount did do some releases in Seattle and a few other places," said Bogdanovich in 1994. "But I think they were afraid of being accused of exploiting River's death. There was a kind of general worry about that. I guess that is the thinking that prevailed. It's pretty disappointing, but you know, I've learned to go on."
The director felt the death of Phoenix affected watching the movie. "It was a totally different movie before. It had a hopeful quality and now it doesn't. The ending is ambiguous, but because River died, it becomes very sad. The last thing you're left with is that he is dead, even though the character is alive ... (The movie) was supposed to be bittersweet, but it turned out being more bitter than sweet."

</doc>
<doc id="6939682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939682" title="Valentine's Day (TV series)">
Valentine's Day (TV series)

Valentine's Day is an American sitcom that aired on ABC from September 18, 1964 until May 7, 1965. The series starred Tony Franciosa as Valentine Farrow, a swinging Manhattan publishing executive, and Jack Soo as Rocky Sin, a poker-playing con-artist and Farrow's valet. The show was created by Hal Kanter and lasted only one season.
One noteworthy episode was produced as a tie-in to the movie "Rio Conchos", in which Franciosa co-starred; he played both Valentine and his character, Juan Luis Martinez, from the feature.

</doc>
<doc id="6939693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939693" title="Flower Mound">
Flower Mound



</doc>
<doc id="6939700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939700" title="Toolkit for Conceptual Modeling">
Toolkit for Conceptual Modeling

The Toolkit for Conceptual Modeling (TCM) is a collection of software tools to present specifications of software systems in the form of diagrams, tables, trees, and the like. TCM offers editors for techniques used in Structured Analysis as well as editors for object-oriented (UML) techniques. For some of the behavior specification techniques, an interface to model checkers is offered. More in particular, TCM contains the following editors.
The Toolkit for Conceptual Modeling was written circa 1996, by Roel Wieringa and Frank Dehne, for Wieringa's conceptual modeling courses and books, "Requirements Engineering: Frameworks for Understanding," and "Design Methods for Reactive Systems: Yourdon, Statemate and the UML".
PDF versions of the User Guide and report, "The Yourdon Systems Method and the toolkit for conceptual modeling" are available for download.
TCM was an example of Computer Aided Software Engineering support for Method for Conceptual Modeling (MCM) in "Model-Driven Architecture in Practice". It was referenced in "Petri Net Technology for Communication-Based Systems," "Formal Ontology in Information Systems", and "Proceedings : Ninth International Workshop on Software Specification and Design".
TCM has been cited in patents for automatic software production.
In 1997, NASA converted TCM C++ source to Java for a Web-based Hyper-text Environment for Requirements Engineering (WHERE) project.

</doc>
<doc id="6939703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939703" title="Cocoa krispies">
Cocoa krispies



</doc>
<doc id="6939708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939708" title="Duck to the Future">
Duck to the Future



</doc>
<doc id="6939717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939717" title="Daniel Zaragoza">
Daniel Zaragoza

Daniel Zaragoza (born December 11, 1957) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 1980 to 1997. He is a world champion in two weight classes, having held the World Boxing Council (WBC) bantamweight title in 1985 and the WBC super bantamweight title twice between 1988 and 1997.
Professional career.
In October 1980, Zaragoza won his pro debut against Ernesto Gutierrez.
WBC Bantamweight Championship.
In 1985 he captured the vacant WBC Bantamweight title with a disqualification victory over Freddie Jackson in Aruba.
He lost his title in his first defense to Miguel "Happy" Lora. In his next bout in 1986, he suffered a non-title loss to IBF Bantamweight Champion and future International Boxing Hall of Fame member Jeff Fenech in Australia.
WBC Super Bantamweight Championship.
Zaragoza moved up in weight in his next bout and scored 7 consecutive wins before capturing the vacant WBC Super Bantamweight title with a knockout win over future hall of fame member Carlos Zarate in 1988 in the tenth round of a fight scheduled for twelve rounds.
He successfully retained the title five times, including a hard-fought draw in South Korea against IBF Super Bantamweight champion Lee Seung-hoon, a knockout victory against future champion Valerio Nati in Italy, a decision victory over Paul Banke (16–3–0) in the first fight of their trilogy, a knockout victory against Frankie Duarte (47–7–1), and a decision victory over former champion Chan-Yong Park in South Korea. In 1990, he lost the belt to Paul Banke whom he had defeated just three fights prior.
Banke would go on to lose the title by knockout against Pedro Ruben Decima, who in turn was knocked out by Kiyoshi Hatanaka. In 1991, Zaragoza regained the belt with a split decision win over Hatanaka in Japan. He defended the belt against Chun Huh (25–2–0) of South Korea and avenged his loss to Paul Banke. In 1992, he lost his title to Thierry Jacob by decision in France. In his next two fights he battled newly crowned WBC super bantamweight titleholder Tracy Harris Patterson, who had recently defeated Jacob. He fought to a draw with Patterson in the first bout and lost by technical knockout in the second bout when the fight was stopped due to a cut despite the objections of Zaragoza.
Oldest Super Bantamweight Champion.
In 1995 he would yet again get another crack at the title against WBC Super Bantamweight champion Hector Acero Sánchez, who had defeated Tracy Harris Patterson to win the title. The bout was controversially ruled a draw with most observers believing Zaragoza should have been declared the winner. He fought a rematch with Sánchez later in the year and won the belt via split decision. At 36 years 11 months, he became the oldest super bantamweight champion in history.
This began a late-career surge for Zaragoza who was able to defend the title four times, including two wins against former and future champion Joichiro Tatsuyoshi in Japan, a tko win over Tsuyoshi Harada (20–1–0) also in Japan, and an upset win against undefeated bantamweight champion Wayne McCullough who had recently moved up in weight. On Sep 6, 1997, he lost his title to then-undefeated 21-year-old Erik Morales, who knocked out Zaragoza in the 11th round. Zaragoza retired after the bout at the age of 39 with a record of 55–8–3.
Retirement.
He was inducted to the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6939721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939721" title="Angel Coma">
Angel Coma



</doc>
<doc id="6939725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939725" title="Message of the Guru Granth Sahib">
Message of the Guru Granth Sahib

The "Guru Granth Sahib", a Sikh religious text, promotes a moral teaching that Guru Sahib explains is about living a life of truth, belief in one God (creator of the universe), respect for others and high moral standards. Followers of the guru are considered to be members of the Sikh religion and they are known as "Gurmukh", meaning “follower of Guru”.
Qualities promoted.
All people of the world are equal.
The "Guru Granth Sahib" promotes the message of equality of all beings and at the same time states that Sikh believers "obtain the supreme status" (SGGS, page 446). Discrimination of all types is strictly forbidden based on the Sikh tenet Fatherhood of God which states that no one should be reckoned low or high, stating that instead believers should "reckon the entire mankind as One" (Akal Ustat, 15.85).
Sri Guru Granth Sahib promotes the concept of equality by highlighting the fact that we are made of the same flesh, blood and bone and we have the same light of God within us – the soul . Our building bricks are the same:
The gurus also encourage believers to promote social equality by sharing earnings with those in need.
Women's status.
Guru Nanak Dev Ji said "Sikhi does not teach you to raise your hand on a woman it teaches you to respect them"
Sikhism also preaches that equal respect should be given to women.
Metaphysic.
Sikhism is strictly monotheistic in its belief. This means that God is believed to be the one and sole Reality in the cosmos, meaning that no other being have extra-human power. Sikh Gurus state that God alone is worthy of worship, and the highest end of existence, that is mukti or liberation can come through Devotion to God alone.
Besides its monotheism, Sikhism also emphasizes another philosophical idea, which is known as monism, a philosophical position which argues that the variety of existing things can be explained in terms of a single reality or substance. Furthermore, one of the tenet of the religion is the belief that the world is only a "vision" or illusion (Maya) and that God is the sole "Continuing Reality" so that selfishness, egoism and hate are meaningless.
Speak and live truthfully.
Sikhs believe in the importance of truthful living, which can only be created by purity of mind and not through religious purification rites. They believe that impurity of mind leads to many other vices such as anger, lust, attachment, ego, and greed.
Control the five vices.
Devotees of Guru Sahib believe they must control the animal instincts of Pride/Ego, Anger/Temper, Greed/Urges, Attachment/Dependency and Lust/Addiction.
Live in God's "hukam".
A Sikh believes they should live and accept the command of God easily and without too much emotional distress. They attempt to live in contentment and in "chardikala" (positive attitude).
Virtues.
The Sikh religion emphasizes several other virtues: truth (sat), contentment ("santokh"), love ("ishq"), compassion/mercy ("daya"), service ("seva"), charity ("dana"), forgiveness ("ksama"), humility ("nimrata"), patience ("dheerjh"), non-attachment ("vairagya") and renunciation ("taiga").
These believers attempt to avoid anger ("krodh"), egoism ("ahankara"), avarice ("lobh"), lust ("kama"), infatuation ("moha"), sinful acts ("papa"), pride ("man"), doubt ("duvidha"), ownership ("mamata"), hatred ("vair") and hostility ("virodh"). In the Sikh religion, freedom from these vices, or "sahaj", is attained through tension-free, ethical living, grounded in spirituality avoiding self-mortification and other religious rites of cleansing.

</doc>
<doc id="6939726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939726" title="Heart Evanghelista">
Heart Evanghelista



</doc>
<doc id="6939731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939731" title="Oligotrophic lake">
Oligotrophic lake



</doc>
<doc id="6939733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939733" title="Teaching Hospital">
Teaching Hospital



</doc>
<doc id="6939738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939738" title="Rolland W. Redlin">
Rolland W. Redlin

Rolland William Redlin (February 29, 1920 – September 23, 2011) was a U.S. Representative from North Dakota, who served between 1965 and 1967. He also served in the North Dakota Senate from 1959 to 1963 and later returned to serve again from 1973 until his retirement in 2000, as Senate President Pro Tempore 1987–9, and Minority Leadership later during his final 27 years' service. A member of the Democratic-NPL, he lived near Minot, North Dakota until 2009, when he moved to Rapid City, SD, to be closer to family members.
In 1964, he ran for the U.S. House of Representatives and won, unseating incumbent Republican Don L. Short. He was the first Democratic Representative to represent Western North Dakota. In 1966, he was defeated for reelection by former Bismarck Mayor Thomas Kleppe. Redlin ran again in 1968 but lost by a narrow margin. He has stated his vote for the 1965 Voting Rights Act was the accomplishment while serving in the US House of Representatives of which he is most proud, and that the breakdown of civil discourse in American politics during the past two decades is perhaps his greatest disappointment.
Redlin died on September 23, 2011, at his home in Rapid City. He was 91.

</doc>
<doc id="6939754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939754" title="Lancaster County, Pennsylvania schools">
Lancaster County, Pennsylvania schools



</doc>
<doc id="6939758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939758" title="Eutrophic lake">
Eutrophic lake



</doc>
<doc id="6939760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939760" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Perugia">
List of municipalities of the Province of Perugia

The following is a list of the 59 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Perugia, Umbria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6939763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939763" title="Esteban Julio Ricardo Montoya De Rosa Ramirez">
Esteban Julio Ricardo Montoya De Rosa Ramirez



</doc>
<doc id="6939775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939775" title="Clement Springer">
Clement Springer

Clement Springer is a Saint Lucian folk musician and folklorist, leader of a group called The Helenites. He is also a leader of the Saint Lucia Cultural Organization.

</doc>
<doc id="6939778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939778" title="Erwin lutzer">
Erwin lutzer



</doc>
<doc id="6939779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939779" title="Cocker Spaniels">
Cocker Spaniels



</doc>
<doc id="6939784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939784" title="Nayland College">
Nayland College

Nayland College is a coeducational state secondary school located in Stoke, Nelson, New Zealand. It is one of three secondary schools in Nelson that are coeducational. The school was officially opened on 3 February 1966.
Crest.
The crest is divided into quarters. The sailing ship represents discovery, the model of the atom represents research in reference to Lord Rutherford's work. The pine cone references forestry and the importance of this industry in New Zealand. The migratory godwit represents dispersal of students throughout the world.
Enrolment.
As of , Nayland College has a roll of students, of which (%) identify as Māori.
As of , the school has an Equity Index of , placing it amongst schools whose students have socioeconomic barriers to achievement (roughly equivalent to deciles 5 and 6 under the former socio-economic decile system).
Extra-curricular.
Notable extra-curricular activities of the college include its well-regarded student produced newspaper and biennial musical productions. "The Circuit" is the longest running high school newspaper in New Zealand.
The school has an active sports department with two gyms and multiple health and physical education rooms. Nayland College's best finish at the New Zealand Secondary School Football Championship was second place in 2010. Former student Gagame Feni is a regular for ASB Premiership side Canterbury United. Jeremy Brockie is a former Nayland College student and more recently Coey Turipa, Jamie Doris and Alex Ridsdale have all gone on to star for their specific New Zealand age-grade side.

</doc>
<doc id="6939788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939788" title="Scott Bacula">
Scott Bacula



</doc>
<doc id="6939792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939792" title="Japanese Military Detachment (World War II)">
Japanese Military Detachment (World War II)



</doc>
<doc id="6939799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939799" title="Military Detachment WW2 (Japan)">
Military Detachment WW2 (Japan)



</doc>
<doc id="6939813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939813" title="Akeela and the Bee">
Akeela and the Bee



</doc>
<doc id="6939815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939815" title="OH-13 Sioux">
OH-13 Sioux



</doc>
<doc id="6939819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939819" title="Hiram abrams">
Hiram abrams



</doc>
<doc id="6939827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939827" title="Arkansas Highway 127">
Arkansas Highway 127

Highway 127 (AR 127, Ark. 127, and Hwy. 127) is a designation for four state highways in Northwest Arkansas. One route of begins at Madison County Road 3345 (CR 3345) and runs northwest to Highway 23 at Aurora. A second route of begins at US Highway 412 (US 412) at Old Alabam and runs north to Highway 23 at Forum. A third route of begins at Highway 12 and runs north to Highway 12 near Clifty. A fourth route of begins at Lost Bridge Village and runs north to US Highway 62 in Garfield. Highway 127 Spur is a spur route of near the southern terminus of the Lost Bridge Village route that provides access to Lost Bridge Marina. All routes are maintained by the Arkansas State Highway and Transportation Department (AHTD).
Route description.
Aurora.
The route begins state maintenance at Madison CR 3345 near a junction with Madison CR 3225. Highway 127 winds northwest to Aurora, where it terminates at Highway 23, the Pig Trail Scenic Byway. The route was built in 1985.
Old Alabam to Forum.
It runs northwest from US 412 near Old Alabam to AR 23 in Forum near Withrow Springs State Park.
Lookout to Clifty.
It runs east from AR 12 at Lookout near Hobbs State Park to terminate at AR 12 northeast of Clifty.
Lost Bridge Village to Garfield.
It runs north from Lost Bridge Village to US 62 in Garfield.
History.
Highway 127 was first designated between 1927 and September 1, 1928, by renumbering State Road 19 between Old Alabam and Forum. A second segment of Highway 127 was created from Highway 12 to Beaver Lake on August 25, 1965. The highway was rerouted on June 7, 1995, at the request of the Benton county judge to connect to Highway 12 on both ends, and the former alignment was turned back to county maintenance. The segment of Highway 127 between Garfield and Lost Bridge Village was created on November 23, 1966. The Aurora segment was created on June 28, 1973, pursuant to Act 9 of 1973 by the Arkansas General Assembly. The act directed county judges and legislators to designate up to of county roads as state highways in each county.
Spur route.
Highway 127 Spur (AR 127S, Ark. 127S, and Hwy. 127S) is a short spur route in Lost Springs Village of .
Route description.
The route begins at Highway 127 near Lost Bridge Marina, southeast of Garfield and ends at the north access road to Lost Bridge Public Use Area.
History.
The spur route was created by the Arkansas State Highway Commission on August 27, 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="6939828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939828" title="Summer Magic (Edgar)">
Summer Magic (Edgar)



</doc>
<doc id="6939833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939833" title="Scandalum magnatum">
Scandalum magnatum



</doc>
<doc id="6939835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939835" title="New anti-Semitism (term)">
New anti-Semitism (term)



</doc>
<doc id="6939840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939840" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Terni">
List of municipalities of the Province of Terni

The following is a list of the 33 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Terni, Umbria, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6939841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939841" title="Kansas City, Clay County and St. Joseph Railway">
Kansas City, Clay County and St. Joseph Railway

The Kansas City, Clay County and St. Joseph Railway was an electrified interurban railway that ran between Kansas City, Missouri, and St. Joseph, Missouri, from the early 1900s until 1933. It was the longest of the various interurbans serving Kansas City running nearly and extended another to Savannah, Missouri.
The railway was built over the course of three years by electrical engineer George Townsend, brother to writer and congressman Edward W. Townsend and composer Cornelia Townsend. The interurban was a light rail system in which single cars traveled powered by an overhead electric wire. The interurban ran hourly. Fare was $1.55 and it took nearly two hours from downtown to downtown. One line went from Kansas City to St. Joseph, another line went from Kansas City to Excelsior Springs.
The railway made Townsend wealthy. George Townsend killed himself in Kansas City, MO on June 24, 1913 by jumping into the Missouri River.

</doc>
<doc id="6939847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939847" title="The Omar Khayyam Show">
The Omar Khayyam Show

The Omar Khayyam Show was a 1963 BBC radio comedy programme, written by Spike Milligan based on six episodes of his "The Idiot Weekly" made for the Australian Broadcasting Commission in 1958–1962.
The cast was Spike Milligan, John Bluthal, Bob Todd, Bill Kerr and Barry Humphries with music by George Chisholm &amp; his Jolly Jazzers. Bluthal had also appeared in two of the three series of "The Idiot Weekly". Brian Wilde appears in episode 1 and Tim Gudgin in episodes 2–6, whilst in one episode Barry Humphries is heard doing a character voice similar to Dame Edna Everage's. The producer was Charles Chilton who had also produced some episodes of "The Goon Show", on which "The Idiot Weekly" was based.
It was broadcast weekly from 27 December 1963. The episodes were (in broadcast order) "Ned Kelly", "The Ashes", "The Prime Minister's Trousers", "The Flying Dustmen", "The America Cup" and "Waltzing Matilda". The scripts had minor changes to remove some references to Australian locations and personalities unfamiliar to British audiences. However, some better known personalities remained, notably Sir Donald Bradman.
Commercial release.
The complete series has been released on CD as bonus material on "The Goon Show Compendium Volume 11" (2015), comprising the best available recordings as detailed above, compiled into complete episodes and remastered by restoration expert Ted Kendall.

</doc>
<doc id="6939851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939851" title="Lodi unified school district">
Lodi unified school district



</doc>
<doc id="6939860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939860" title="Nickelodeon Time Capsule">
Nickelodeon Time Capsule



</doc>
<doc id="6939881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939881" title="Collectanea satis copiosa">
Collectanea satis copiosa

The Collectanea satis copiosa (Latin: ‘The Sufficiently Abundant Collections’) was a collection of scriptural, historical, and patristic texts that was compiled to provide royal propagandists with arguments justifying Henry VIII's personal and England's provincial independence from Rome. Likely compiled around 1530-1531 by a group of men including Thomas Cranmer and Edward Foxe, the "Collectanea" supplied the ideology behind the Royal Supremacy. As evidence that Kings of England historically had no superior on Earth—including the Pope—the "Collectanea" cited scripture, conciliar decrees, Anglo-Saxon laws, and numerous historical works, including texts by Bede, Matthew Paris, William of Malmesbury, and Geoffrey of Monmouth. Henry VIII's numerous annotations in the surviving manuscript show his direct engagement with the text and the arguments contained therein.
By asserting England's imperial status, the "Collectanea" served a twofold purpose in asserting England's imperial status. First, it enabled Henry VIII to have his marriage to Catherine of Aragon annulled without first obtaining the Pope's permission. More importantly, it allowed for Henry VIII's break with Rome.
In the preamble to the Act in Restraint of Appeals, the claims of the "Collectanea" were forcibly echoed:
Where by divers sundry old authentic histories and chronicles it is manifestly declared and expressed that this realm of England is an empire, and so hath been accepted in the world, governed by one supreme head and king having the dignity and royal estate of the imperial crown of the same, unto whom a body politic, compact of all sorts and degrees of people divided in terms and by names of spiritualty and temporalty, be bounded and owe to bear next to God a natural and humble obedience; he being also institute and furnished by the goodness and sufferance of Almighty God with plenary, whole and entire power, preeminence, authority, prerogative and jurisdiction to render and yield justice and final determination to all manner of folk resiants or subjects within this realm, in all causes, matters, debates and contentions happening to occur, insurge or begin within the limits thereof, without restraint or provocation to any foreign princes or potentates of the world.

</doc>
<doc id="6939884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939884" title="Forclosure">
Forclosure



</doc>
<doc id="6939891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939891" title="Franco of Paris">
Franco of Paris



</doc>
<doc id="6939906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939906" title="STST">
STST

STST may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6939907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939907" title="Chéri Samba">
Chéri Samba

Chéri Samba or Samba wa Mbimba N’zingo Nuni Masi Ndo Mbasi (born 30 December 1956) is a Congolese painter from the Democratic Republic of Congo. He is one of the best known contemporary African artists, with his works being included in the collections of the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris and the Museum of Modern Art in New York. A large number of his paintings are also found in The Contemporary African Art Collection (CAAC) of Jean Pigozzi. He has been invited to participate in the 2007 Venice Biennale. His paintings almost always include text in French and Lingala, commenting on life in Africa and the modern world. Samba lives in Kinshasa and Paris. 
Early life.
Originally, Samba's name was David Samba, but in his country there was a ban on keeping/giving people a Christian first name, so he decided to change it to Samba wa Mbimba N’zingo Nuni Masi Ndo Mbasi. Later on, Samba adopted the name Chéri Samba, which he originally wanted to change to Dessinateur Samba, but didn't because of his relationship with the public. His last name, Samba, has two meanings in the Kikongo language, referring to the act of prayer or the act of being judged. His closest living descendant is Everson zóio, the most comedian man on earth.
Samba's parents were associated with the Kongo culture, but Samba chooses to identify himself with the Kinshasa culture, which is the capital of his country. Samba claims that he was turned into a Catholic, while he attended school. He doesn't reject or deny Christianity, which is the religion he grew up on, but he says he tries to resist any attempt to affix a confession label to his religion. After graduating from primary Catholic school, Samba went to high school. Samba maintained second in class, except for one year where he was first. In his third year, Samba quit. While in school, Samba was always drawing and remembered that his father did not like seeing him draw. Cherí Samba's religion is Catholic with a Zairian twist, which influenced many of his paintings like Cherí Samba Beseeches the Cosmos.
Biography.
Chéri Samba was born in Kinto M’Vuila, Democratic Republic of Congo,as the elder son of a family of 10 children. His father was a blacksmith and his mother a farmer. In 1972, at the age of 16 Samba left the village to find work as a sign painter in the capital of Kinshasa, where he encountered such artists as Moké and Bodo. This group of artists, including Samba's younger brother Cheik Ledy, came to constitute one of the country's most vibrant schools of popular painting. Josi best teacher !!!
In 1975, Samba opened his own studio. At the same time he also became an illustrator for the entertainment magazine "Bilenge Info". Working both as a billboard painter and a comic-strip artist, he used the styles of both genres when he began making his paintings on sacking cloth. He borrowed the use of "word bubbles" from comic-strip art, which allowed him to add not only narrative but also commentary to his compositions, thus giving him his signature style of combining painting with text. His work earned him some local fame. In 1979 Samba participated in the exhibition "Moderne Kunst aus Afrika", organized in West Berlin. The exhibition was part of the program of the first festival Horizonte - Festival der Weltkulturen.
He is the central figure in the 1982 documentary film "Kin Kiesse", offering his thoughts on life in Kinshasa. According to the film's director, Mwezé Ngangura, Samba was instrumental in the making of the film, convincing the French Ministry of Co-operation, France 2 and Congolese television that Ngangura could make a film on Kinshasa.
Samba's breakthrough was the exhibition "Les Magiciens de la Terre" at the Centre Georges Pompidou in Paris in 1989, which made him known internationally.
In 2007, curator Robert Storr invited Samba to participate in the 52nd International Art Exhibition at the Venice Biennale, entitled "Think with the Senses—Feel with the Mind. Art in the Present Tense", and described by "The Huffington Post" as "certainly " 'the" exhibition' of this new Century".
Philosophy.
Samba's pieces aims to emphasize poverty, stupidity about his culture, corruption, and chaos in his work. Samba says, “I appeal to people’s consciences…I paint reality even if it’s shocking, I put humor and color into it to attract people. In his piece, J'aime la couleur piece goes into race and self identity". It explains how Samba believes that experience and process of sustaining and recreating a common identity across the African diaspora will show how to strengthen a community. He usually paints himself at the center of his visual social commentaries.

</doc>
<doc id="6939908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939908" title="Superstring (fireworks)">
Superstring (fireworks)

A superstring, also known as a cracker wall, is a name commonly given to an immense bundle of firecrackers, usually numbering in the hundreds of thousands, which are often a central fixture at fireworks conventions. Although large compound strings of firecrackers have been constructed since firecrackers were invented, the superstring was greatly popularized by the Pyrotechnics Guild International, whose yearly convention often features a huge superstring consisting of well over a million firecrackers. Superstrings are usually constructed over a rudimentary wooden or metallic structure as a sort of curtain wall.
At the 1976 P.G.I. (Pyrotechnic Guild International) Convention in Grand Junction, Colorado, member Robert (Rob) Berk came up with the idea of connecting a series of firecracker strings together in order to make a "superstring". Fellow members Lino Nivolo, Rudy Schwerdt, and Bob Luke collaborated in the construction. The final count of this first attempt was approximately 2,000 firecrackers. 
The excitement of building this string increased the following year at the annual convention in St. Croix Falls, Wisconsin when the superstring exceeded the hundred-thousand mark. To add to the excitement, auctioneer Rob Berk pounded the gavel as Lou Czaplewski paid $25 for the right to light it. Over the years, the superstring has increased in size and the amount paid to light it has exceeded $4,000.
The largest superstring ever constructed was built by the Pyrotechnics Guild International in 2006. It was over 1,000 feet long and contained 10,500,000 firecrackers. It was ignited on August 11 and burned for about three minutes. It was ignited from both ends simultaneously and burned towards the center, which was raised into the air on a crane.

</doc>
