<doc id="6971281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971281" title="Silk Electric">
Silk Electric

Silk Electric is the thirteenth studio album by American R&amp;B singer Diana Ross, released on September 10, 1982, by RCA Records. It was Ross' second of six albums released by the label during the decade. It reached No. 27 on the US "Billboard" 200 (No. 5 R&amp;B), No. 33 in the UK Albums Chart and the Top 20 in Sweden, Norway and the Netherlands. The album cover was designed by Andy Warhol.
The album contains Ross' US Top 10, Grammy-nominated single, "Muscles", which was written and produced by Michael Jackson. All other tracks were produced by Ross, including the US Top 40 follow-up single "So Close" featuring prominent background vocal arrangements by Luther Vandross.
The song "In Your Arms", written by Linda Creed and Michael Masser, was covered by Teddy Pendergrass and Whitney Houston as "Hold Me" the following year. The song "I Am Me" was co-written by Ross (and incorrectly listed as co-written by Cindy Birdsong instead of Janie Bradford on the "Greatest Hits: The RCA Years" compilation album). The album was certified Gold in the US and Silver in the UK.
The album was remastered and re-released on September 2, 2014 by Funky Town Grooves as an "Expanded Edition", with bonus material.
Personnel.
Credits are adapted from the "Silk Electric" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="6971282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971282" title="Movies in Fifteen Minutes">
Movies in Fifteen Minutes

Movies in Fifteen Minutes (known as m15m for short) is primarily the name of a set of Internet-based movie parodies by Cleolinda Jones (a pen name). The parodies first appeared in 2004 on Jones' LiveJournal, but have now been moved to a LiveJournal community of their own. There have been no new entries since 2012.
Background.
Jones wrote the first parody, "Van Helsing in Fifteen Minutes", for fun; it appeared on her personal blog on 9 May 2004. "Van Helsing in Fifteen Minutes" proved surprisingly popular with readers on the internet. Jones' blog became so popular because of the m15m that she ran out of space for members, so she created a community for the parodies that would accept more members; she then posted subsequent movie parodies in this community.
Book.
In 2004, Jones was asked by British publishing company Orion Books if she was interested in writing a book of the parodies. She was, and the book, "" was released in October 2005. It contains "the ten biggest movies ever," parodies not published online. The book is not currently available in the United States, though it has been published in Europe, where it met with praise.
Characteristics.
The parodies, written in the style of a screenplay, have a wide appeal, at once scathing and affectionate, with plenty of references to pop culture, Internet fan culture, movie trivia, and just about anything else. Font sizes and punctuation are used inventively (perhaps most memorably in "The Matrix in Fifteen Minutes").
Jokes are made at the expense of plot holes, inconsistent character arcs, and bad dialogue amongst other things. The world of Internet fanfiction is also made fun of, with Jones making straight-faced, ridiculous claims about the characters even wilder than those made by the fanfic authors themselves.
Popularity.
The parodies are popular on the Livejournal site especially, despite being famous Internet-wide. This has caused various other people to write their own parodies, sometimes under the "Movies in Fifteen Minutes" name. Jones is the owner of the trademark ("Movies in Fifteen Minutes") under the common laws of the United States, and has said she is not comfortable with people using the name for their own parodies.

</doc>
<doc id="6971315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971315" title="Rjukan, Norway">
Rjukan, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6971319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971319" title="Max Picard">
Max Picard

Max Picard (5 June 1888 in Schopfheim, Baden, Germany – 3 October 1965 in Sorengo, Switzerland) was a German-Swiss writer and philosopher, important as one of the few thinkers writing from a deeply Platonic sensibility in the 20th century.
Biography.
Born to a Jewish family in Schopfheim, a German village on the Swiss border, Max Picard studied medicine and received his medical degree in 1911. He practiced medicine, first in Heidelberg and later in Munich. Unsatisfied with the positivist and Darwinian orientations of the medical profession at the time, he began as of 1915 to distance himself from it to turn more towards philosophy. In 1919, he immigrated to Switzerland, first to Locarno and later to Brissago. 
In 1929, he completed work on "Das Menschengesicht" ("The Human Face"). In 1934, "Die Flucht vor Gott" ("The Flight From God") was published. He developed a friendship with fellow immigrant and artist Gunter Böhmer in the late 1930s. In 1939, Picard converted to Roman Catholicism from the Judaism of his youth. 
He first met the French philosopher Gabriel Marcel in 1947, and developed a friendship and steady correspondence throughout their lives (published in 2006). Marcel provided the foreword to the first French translation of Picard's "Die Welt des Schweigens" ("The World of Silence") in 1953. Picard received the Johann-Peter-Hebel-Preis in 1952. 
Emmanuel Levinas praised Picard's work in Levinas' collection "Noms propres" ("Proper Names") in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="6971334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971334" title="ESL Incorporated">
ESL Incorporated

ESL Incorporated, or Electromagnetic Systems Laboratory, was a subsidiary of TRW, a high technology firm in the United States that was engaged in software design, systems analysis and hardware development for the strategic reconnaissance marketplace. Founded in January 1964 in Palo Alto, California, the company was initially entirely privately capitalized by its employees. One of the company founders and original chief executive was William J. Perry, who eventually became United States Secretary of Defense under President Bill Clinton. Another company founder was Joe Edwin Armstrong. ESL was a leader in developing strategic signal processing systems and a prominent supplier of tactical reconnaissance and direction-finding systems to the U. S. military. These systems provided integrated real-time intelligence.
Most of TRW—including ESL—was acquired by the Northrop Grumman Corporation in December 2002.
ESL primarily supplied domestic intelligence agencies, NASA and the U.S. military, but had certain direct relations with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and also provided some services for a variety of state agencies. Principal historic areas of competence are: (a) reconnaissance systems; (b) data communications systems (including advanced sonar and laser light scattering); (c) phased array radar surveillance systems; (d) advanced data processing systems; and (e) environmental systems. The company employed a large technical staff, most of them holding advanced academic degrees.
ESL was heavily involved in reverse engineering and played a role in the development of Stealth Technology.
Early formation and progression.
The company was founded from a small incubator space on Fabian Way in Palo Alto, California, where it remained until about 85 employees in size. The first major expansion took place about 1969, when a staged facility complex in Sunnyvale, California on Java Drive was initiated. within Moffett Industrial Park, which yielded a decade later about of space for laboratories and research/development activity. The early line management team included Perry as chief executive; Robert Fossum (later director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency), director of systems analysis; Donald Wolfe, director of hardware; Michael Hogan, director of environmental systems and Paul Scheibe, director of technology. By 1988 there were 9 buildings housing the over 3000 employees.
Reconnaissance systems.
For optical systems ESL developed one of the first digital image processing capabilities for aerial photography (both satellite and aircraft platforms). Various radio frequencies are also addressed in order to create a comprehensive capability in signal processing for a variety of listening devices. Tools developed emphasize the real time interaction of interpreters in order to facilitate rapid use of data intercepted. A primary mission of reconnaissance work was support of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency during the 1960s and 1970s. Some of the unique developments of ESL in this field are: new application of digital signal processing and an early method of recording high speed digital data on analog media.
Data receiving systems.
This work centers on development of remotely controlled real-time systems utilized in a variety of strategic surveillance activities. Consequently, ESL has always been a pioneer in the fields of antenna design throughout a wide part of the electromagnetic spectrum, including advances in phased array technology. Airborne derivatives of this technology have also been applied to tactical situations, involving tracking of multiple high velocity objects. After successes in specific applications for the government market, ESL began producing some of these receiving systems as commercially available catalog items in the late 1970s.
Systems analysis.
Since the 1970s ESL has made state of the art advances in coherent signal processing in a high electronic noise environment. These innovations led to near real-time signal processing even as early as 1972. Optical systems analysis has been conducted for four decades, starting in the 1960s with satellite imagery and laser light scattering from atmospheric particles. Acoustical analysis was also conducted in early years related to understanding how porpoises communicate in the wild. In many cases these systems analyses led to hardware implementation programs, typically beginning with one-of-a-kind prototypes for field testing. Multi-year planning programs for the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency including consulting work on implementation of the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks (SALT) and the Mutual and Balanced Force Reductions with the previous Soviet Union.
Data communications systems.
Data communication systems were originally developed to support a variety of the firm’s strategic reconnaissance systems activity. It was natural to seek to provide links from remote unattended listening stations to central station command and control functions. These data systems were often developed to withstand severe environmental and reliability tests; some systems include multiple airborne and ground-based receivers. One of the early data communications systems developed was a multi-channel ultra high frequency digital data link, whose innovation was its ability to be conveyed over a single standard military voice channel. In 1972 the company developed one of the first commercial grade telephone to computer data modem devices.
Medical and environmental research.
The company developed the first software for interpreting renal isograms in the diagnosis of Renovascular hypertension, working in conjunction with physicians practicing in the kidney disease diagnostics field. For NASA, image processing research has been used to interpret satellite photos, including some of the earliest work of this type. The environmental systems division has developed specialized mathematical models for air quality, environmental noise and water pollution topics, gaining note for developing early line source models used in certain environmental litigation.
Public offering and merger with TRW.
The company underwent a successful public offering of its common stock underwritten by Hambrecht &amp; Quist in the mid 1970s with shares thereafter trading on the NASDAQ exchange. In 1978 a merger was consummated with TRW Inc. to merge ESL with TRW, the latter being a large defense contractor in the USA. In 2001, TRW sold the real estate of the ESL campus in Sunnyvale, CA. Approximately half of the operation moved to San Jose, California, and the other half set up offices at the former McClellan Air Force Base in Sacramento, California.
Acquisition of TRW by Northrop Grumman Corporation.
In December of 2002, TRW and its subsidiary, ESL were acquired by Northrop Grumman Corporation. Northrop Grumman has one of the largest intelligence analysis capabilities in the U.S. and is a leader in developing computer architectures and multi-source data integration tools. Core competencies of the combined ESL, TRW, and Northrop Grumman units include systems integration, high-performance signal processing algorithms, high-speed architectures, remotely controlled modular payloads and antenna systems. ESL survives essentially intact in their San Jose facility and the former McClellan Air Force Base facility in Sacramento.
1988 mass shooting.
In February 1988, former employee Richard Farley fatally shot seven people and wounded four others at the company's headquarters after years of stalking former co-worker Laura Black. The incident helped prompt California's 1990 passage of the country's first anti-stalking laws.

</doc>
<doc id="6971338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971338" title="Capt kirk">
Capt kirk



</doc>
<doc id="6971340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971340" title="Peeli Patti Aur Raja Jani Ki Gol Dunya">
Peeli Patti Aur Raja Jani Ki Gol Dunya

Peeli Patti Aur Raja Jani Ki Gol Dunya (Urdu: پیلی پتی اور راجہ جانی کی گول دنیا) is the second album released by Pakistani pop/rock band Noori. The album was released on 10 September 2005. Noori's singles from this album were "Nishaan", "Meray Log" and "Kuttay Te Tho Uttay".
Singles like "Kuttay Te tho Uttay" and "Nishaan" did well at music charts.
Concept.
This second album by Noori was a follow-up on where "Suno Ke Main Hun Jawan" left off. It talks about what happens when the ever so energetic and hopeful youth grows up and faces the realities of the world. The discontentment and suffering which arises in this growing up, creates an indifferent and self-centered individual, who finds escape routes in things like drugs and other short-lived pleasures.
"Peeli Patti Aur Raja Jani Ki Gol Dunya" is a call against such indifference. It depicts reality as it exists in our society today, and begs for a reconsideration of the direction people are carving out for themselves in these times of turmoil. Musically, the album brought out a darker and maturer side of the band – something they carried well with their new, don't-give-a-damn image of long hair and beards. Apart from popularity, it brought a newfound respect for the band – not just as musicians but as individuals who cared for society and genuinely wanted to make a difference.
Their track, "Kuttay" received widespread criticism, and the music video was also banned from the local television channels. So a second video was made for the track. However, this track has given a new concept, by mixing rock music with Punjabi.
Track listing.
All music composed &amp; arranged by Ali Noor except for Jo Meray. Jo Meray composed by Ali Hamza.
Personnel.
All information is taken from the CD.

</doc>
<doc id="6971348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971348" title="Meredith McKay">
Meredith McKay



</doc>
<doc id="6971349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971349" title="Navigable servitude">
Navigable servitude

Navigable servitude is a doctrine in United States constitutional law that gives the federal government the right to regulate navigable waterways as an extension of the Commerce Clause in Article I, Section 8 of the constitution. It is also sometimes called federal navigational servitude.
The Commerce Clause gives Congress the power to regulate "commerce ... among the several states." In "Gibbons v. Ogden" (1824), the United States Supreme Court ruled unanimously that this power extended to regulation over navigable inland waterways of the United States, which were an important hub of transportation in the early years of the Republic. The concept of navigational servitude is relatively new and originated in the 20th century.
Although the Supreme Court recognizes Federal control over navigable waterways is absolute the public interest is not absolute. The government has the power to reroute a waterway, block a navigable creek, or completely de-water a river, each without recourse by those who are adversely affected by the reduction in navigable capacity. One court has held that a federal agency can restrict individuals paddling on a stream, finding boating is not a "federally protected right".
This servitude does not extend beyond the navigable waterway below the ordinary high-water mark, nor to the banks of a navigable stream.
"United States v. Rands".
An explanation of the rights of the United States in navigable waters may be found in "United States v. Rands", The Commerce Clause confers a unique position upon the Government in connection with navigable waters. "The power to regulate commerce comprehends the control for that purpose, and to the extent necessary, of all the navigable waters of the United States. ... For this purpose they are the public property of the nation, and subject to all the requisite legislation by Congress." This power to regulate navigation confers upon the United States a "dominant servitude," which extends to the entire stream and the stream bed below ordinary high-water mark.
The case continues:
The navigational servitude of the United States does not extend into fast lands, which are lands above the high-water mark. Consequently, when fast lands are taken by the Government, just compensation must be paid. But "just as the navigational privilege permits the Government to reduce the value of riparian lands by denying the riparian owner access to the stream without compensation for his loss, ... it also permits the Government to disregard the value arising from this same fact of riparian location in compensating the owner when fast lands are appropriated."
It was held early "that the power to regulate commerce necessarily included power over navigation. To make its control effective the Congress may keep the 'navigable waters of the United States' open and free and provide by sanctions against any interference with the country's water assets. It may legislate to forbid or license dams in the waters; its power over improvements for navigation in rivers is 'absolute.'
The phrase "navigable servitude" wrongly implies the commerce clause powers over navigable waters are limited only to government activities that have a navigation purpose. In fact, the power is far more expansive than this. The Court stated in "United States v. Appalachian Electric Power Co.":
Under the "Rands" rule, when the federal government condemns land on or near a navigable waterway, it has no obligation to pay the full measure of just compensation to the landowner. Instead, it is permitted to exclude from the measure of just compensation any element of value attributable to the land's access or proximity to a navigable waterway.
Congress responded to the Court's decision in "Rands" by enacting a statute, Section 111 of the Rivers and Harbors Act, which provides, as a matter of legislative grace, a right to compensation which the Supreme Court has declared that Congress is not constitutionally obligated to provide. Section 111 provides that the amount of just compensation paid to any landowner for land appropriated by the government must include any value attributable to the land's proximity to a navigable waterway.
Federalism issues.
33 U.S.C. 595a, consists of two relevant principal parts. The first part describes the rule for the determination of just compensation with respect to any real property lying above the high-water mark of a waterway that is taken by the United States in connection with the improvement of rivers, harbors, canals, or waterways of the United States. It unmistakably provides that, notwithstanding "Rands", when property above the high-water mark is condemned for any of several specified purposes, the landowner is entitled to compensation for the part taken, under the same constitutional rules that are applicable in the non-riparian context. As such, the compensation to be paid to the landowner must reflect the value attributable to the property's proximity to the waterway:
Other cases.
When the United States changes the course or current of a navigable water, or changes the access, or prevents its use for generating power, for example, no compensation is due, unless specific legislation authorizes that compensation. When damage results consequentially from an improvement to a river's navigable capacity, or from an improvement on a nonnavigable river designed to affect navigability elsewhere, it is generally not a taking of property but merely an exercise of a servitude to which the property is always subject. Several cases will illustrate these principles.
"Scranton v Wheeler".
In "Scranton v. Wheeler" the government constructed a long dike on submerged lands in the river to aid navigation. The dike cut the riparian owner off from direct access to deep water, and he claimed that his rights had been invaded and his property taken without compensation. This Supreme Court held that the government had not 'taken' any property and stated:
"Chandler-Dunbar".
So unfettered is this control of Congress over navigable streams of the country that its judgment as to whether a construction in or over such a river is or is not an obstacle and a hindrance to navigation is conclusive. Such judgment and determination is the exercise of legislative power in respect of a subject wholly within its control. In "U. S. v. Chandler-Dunbar Water Power Co.", the government acquired upland property located on the St. Mary's river, the outlet of Lake Superior. The property owner was a power company, and it argued that its property was more valuable because it the site was suitable for hydroelectric power. The United States refused to pay any enhanced value for the ability to generate power from the location. The Supreme Court rejected the claim:
"United States v. Commodore Park".
In "United States v. Commodore Park", the United States had dredged a tidewater navigable bay and deposited the dredged materials in a navigable arm of the bay called Mason Creek. The dredging destroyed the navigability of Mason Creek and impaired alleged valuable benefits resulting proximity of the land to a navigable tidewater creek. The Court stated that "The broad question presented is whether the Fifth Amendment requires the government to compensate an owner of residential property contiguous to the creek, whose fast lands, though not physically invaded, were decreased in market value." The Court found that obstruction of the navigability was an inherent right of the United States:
"United States v. Dickinson".
In "United States v. Dickinson" the Supreme Court considered the consequences of construction of the Winfield Dam, South Charleston. Construction of a dam or flood control works may increase the duration where a navigable water flows up to the height of the ordinary high water mark. This increased duration of full flowage is not compensable, of course. In addition, the pool behind the dam overflowed the prior ordinary high water level, and the landowner was entitled to compensation. This much was not in dispute. The dispute arose because, "In addition, erosion attributable to the improvement damaged the land which formed the new bank of the pool." The United States argued that it was not required to reimburse the landowner for this consequential erosion. The Court rejected that contention:
"United States v. Sponenbarger".
Flood control projects inherently change the hydrology of the rivers, lakes and streams both above and below the project. The Supreme Court has found a taking when a Government project directly subjects land to permanent intermittent floods to an owner's damage.
However, often the result of these projects is consequently to reduce water flow downstream at some times, and to increase it above the natural flow in some places at other times. Because of the complex hydrology of river systems, it is almost inevitable that some landowners may show, or seek to show, that sporadically, their lands experience flooding that would not otherwise occur in the absence of flood control projects. These allegations have periodically led landowners to claim compensation for changes in the hydrology of river systems having a consequence on their lands. This is the subject of the Court's decision in "United States v. Sponenbarger". The Court's decision begins with some historical context:
Eventually, the Corps of Engineers came to recognize that not all reaches of the river could be protected. A plan was authorized which would provide a higher level of protection to some lands; other lands would be protected by lower levees, and thus subject to a greater likelihood of flooding:
The Supreme Court rejected the contention that landowners exposed to sporadic flooding as a result of this flood control plan were constitutionally required to compensation:
An undertaking by the Government to reduce the menace from flood damages which were inevitable but for the Government's work does not constitute the Government a taker of all lands not fully and wholly protected. When undertaking to safeguard a large area from existing flood hazards, the Government does not owe compensation under the Fifth Amendment to every landowner which it fails to or cannot protect. In the very nature of things the degree of flood protection to be afforded must vary. And it is obviously more difficult to protect lands located where natural overflows or spillways have produced natural floodways. ... .The far reaching benefits which respondent's land enjoys from the Government's entire program precludes a holding that her property has been taken because of the bare possibility that some future major flood might cause more water to run over her land at a greater velocity than the 1927 flood which submerged it to a depth of fifteen or twenty feet and swept it clear of buildings. Enforcement of a broad flood control program does not involve a taking merely because it will result in an increase in the volume or velocity of otherwise inevitably destructive floods, where the program measured in its entirety greatly reduces the general flood hazards, and actually is highly beneficial to a particular tract of land.
"The constitutional prohibition against uncompensated taking of private property for public use is grounded upon a conception of the injustice in favoring the public as against an individual property owner," the decision continued. "But if governmental activities inflict slight damage upon land in one respect and actually confer great benefits when measured in the whole, to compensate the landowner further would be to grant him a special bounty."
"Twin Cities Power".
The "Chandler-Dunbar" decision was confirmed once again in "United States v. Twin Cities Power", where the court rejected a power companies contention that uplands taken should be compensated at a value which reflected its special value because of its power generation capability:
The "Twin Cities" case served as a watershed. After "Twin Cities", individuals would know they could maintain no rights to the benefit of their property when utilized as part of the navigable waterways. Further, upon a condemnation, the increased value inuring from proximity to a waterway would no longer be paid.
These developments in the law led the Supreme Court to acknowledge in 1979 that Congress's power to regulate the nation's waterways is best understood when viewed in terms of more traditional Commerce Clause analysis than by reference to whether the stream in fact is capable of supporting navigation or may be characterized as navigable water of the United States. Under the most recent Commerce Clause decisions, the test for determining whether Congress has the power to regulate an activity is whether the activity "substantially affects" interstate commerce.
In "Twin Cities", the Court stated that "[i]t is not for courts ... to substitute their judgments for congressional decisions on what is or is not necessary for the improvement or protection of navigation. In light of a very recent Supreme Court decision, however, there is some reason to believe that the courts may not automatically accept Congressional findings that a project benefits navigation or, to use the analysis favored in Kaiser Aetna, that it "substantially affects" interstate commerce. "In United States v. Morrison", the Court, in striking down a section of an act as outside the Commerce Clause power, found that Congressional findings that the subject matter of the statute affected interstate commerce were inadequate. Since the five members of the Court who comprised the majority in "Morrison" have also adopted an expansive reading of the Takings Clause in the area of regulatory takings, one should not automatically assume that the judiciary will continue to defer to Congressional findings in cases involving the constitutionality of Congressional regulation of navigable waterways. It is likely that there will be waterway projects whose effects on interstate commerce will be so attenuated that the Court could declare them to be outside Congress's power to regulate interstate commerce.
Post-legislative judicial determinations.
Section 111 has been described by two federal district courts as having legislatively set aside "Rands" and its predecessors, as having in essence abrogate the doctrine of non-compensation for riparian access found in "Rands", and as having repealed the rule of "Rands". This is not quite accurate, even as to the first part of Section 111, because Congress cannot abrogate or "set aside" or "repeal" a decision of the Court regarding the government's obligations under the Just Compensation Clause. A more precise characterization of the first part of Section 111 is that it provided by legislative grace some of the compensation rights which the Court in "Rands" held that Congress was not under constitutional compulsion to provide.In any event, the practical effect of Section 111 is that, at least with respect to property actually taken, compensation will be paid in accordance with the usual constitutional rules regarding just compensation, and not in accord with the rules pronounced in "Twin City Power" and "Rands". As such, the just compensation paid to landowners should include any component of value attributable to their property's proximity to a navigable waterway.

</doc>
<doc id="6971351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971351" title="Sandnessjøen, Norway">
Sandnessjøen, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6971352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971352" title="The King (Drawn Together character)">
The King (Drawn Together character)



</doc>
<doc id="6971362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971362" title="American Rights at Work">
American Rights at Work

American Rights at Work (ARAW) was a U.S. self-described nonpartisan, nonprofit organization that advocates for workers and their right to form unions without interference.
ARAW received funding from unions affiliated with both the AFL-CIO and the Change to Win coalition, but its board of directors and day-to-day activities are not controlled by either labor group.
American Rights at Work merged with Jobs With Justice in 2012.
Leadership.
The chair of the organization's board, David Bonior, took a leave of absence in December 2006 to chair the presidential election campaign of former U.S. Senator John Edwards. Other board members include Julian Bond and Bradley Whitford. 
The executive director of ARAW is Kimberly Freeman Brown. The founding executive director was Mary Beth Maxwell.

</doc>
<doc id="6971370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971370" title="SuperMelodrama">
SuperMelodrama

SuperMelodrama is the first album by the band DeVotchKa. It was released by Dago Records in 2000. It was recorded partly at Absinthe Studios, in Westminster, Colorado.
Critical reception.
AllMusic wrote that the band mixes "regular references to European folk, hints of sunny pop melodies, and angular post-punk ruminations via a mesh of clarinet, accordion, sousaphone, trumpet, percussion, and violin falling over the staggering peaks of the traditional rock &amp; roll bed of guitar, bass, and drums." "Global Rhythm" praised the "raucous surf-gypsy leanings."
Members.
DeVotchka had a different line up of members for the first album. Only Urata and Hagerman continued.

</doc>
<doc id="6971373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971373" title="Jun-Jee">
Jun-Jee



</doc>
<doc id="6971380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971380" title="San Diego Public Transportation">
San Diego Public Transportation



</doc>
<doc id="6971384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971384" title="Public transportation in San Diego">
Public transportation in San Diego



</doc>
<doc id="6971391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971391" title="1986 World Sports Prototype Championship">
1986 World Sports Prototype Championship

The 1986 World Sports-Prototype Championship season was the 34th season of FIA "World Sportscar Championship" motor racing. It featured the 1986 FIA World Sports Prototype Championship which was contested over a nine race series that ran from 20 April to 5 October 1986. The championship was open to Group C Sports Prototypes, Group C2 Sports Prototypes and IMSA GTP cars. The Drivers Championship was won by Derek Bell and the Teams Championship by Brun Motorsport.
Schedule.
The 1986 FIA World Sports Prototype Championship was contested over a nine race series.
† - Race counted for Drivers Championship but not for Teams Championship.
Season results.
Points were awarded to the top 10 finishers in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1, with the following exceptions: 
Results.
Drivers Championship.
The Drivers Championship was awarded to Derek Bell, who drove a Porsche. Bell and Hans-Joachim Stuck both scored 82 championship points, however Bell was declared champion as he finished in a higher placing than Stuck at the Norisring round, the only event at which they did not compete together.
FIA Cup for Group C2 Drivers.
The FIA Cup for Group C2 Drivers was awarded jointly to Raymond Bellim and Gordon Spice, who shared an Ecosse.
Teams Championship.
All cars were eligible to score points towards the Teams Championship, and Group C2 cars were also eligible to score points for the FIA Cup for C2 Teams.
No Teams Championship points were awarded for Rounds 1, 4, 5, and 6.

</doc>
<doc id="6971395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971395" title="Convict ship">
Convict ship

A convict ship was any ship engaged on a voyage to carry convicted felons under sentence of penal transportation from their place of conviction to their place of exile.
Description.
A convict ship, as used to convey convicts to the British colonies in America, the Caribbean and Australian Colonies, were ordinary British merchant ships as seen in ports around the world at that time. There was no ship specifically built as a convict vessel. There was no ship engaged exclusively for convict transportation use, all being used for general cargo, or passenger transport, at various times.
Vessels chartered for convict transport were mainly square rigged ships or barques, with the exception of a few brigs, the majority being small to moderate tonnage. The fees paid to the ship owners were so low that only the worst and most decrepit ships were utilised.
English Parliamentary records indicate that the average rate paid by the government to hire a ship for convict service in 1816 was £6 1s 9d per vessel ton (), with tonnages typically between 372 and 584.
Purpose.
Convict ships generally engaged in carrying convicts from Great Britain to the Australian Colonies. The First Fleet saw the first convict ships arrive in Australia in January 1788, and the last convict ship, "Hougoumont", arrived in Western Australia in 1868.
Over the 80 years of transportation, between 1788 and 1868, 608 convict ships transported more than 162,000 convicts to Australia.
Following serious outbreaks of disease with high mortality rates on board some early convict ship voyages, from 1801 voyages were subject to more strict regulation by the British government in terms of provisions and medical support.
There were four serious shipwrecks concerning convict ships to Australia - on the coast of France, on the south-east coast of Tasmania, off King Island in Bass Strait and in Table Bay, South Africa.
Many vessels, both government and privately owned, moved convicts around the Australian coastline, but these are not normally referred to as convict ships. Where moving convicts or troops was the main reason for an individual voyage, the term "convict transport" or just "transport" was used.

</doc>
<doc id="6971410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971410" title="Ian Mussington">
Ian Mussington

Ian Mussington (born May 30, 1967) is a musician, session drummer and percussionist.
He was the former drummer for the Minneapolis band Soul Asylum from 1998 to 2001. He joined the band shortly after Sterling Campbell departed. Mussington toured with the band until he left in the early 2000s to move to Australia. He also worked on Dave Pirner's 2002 solo album, "Faces &amp; Names" and was a member of the short-lived 1990s band Stress.
He previous has been a member of or done session work for Wyclef Jean, Lenny Kravitz, Misty Oldland, 12 Rounds and others.

</doc>
<doc id="6971414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971414" title="Rainy Day Records">
Rainy Day Records

Rainy Day Records is a music production company and independent record label that is a subsidiary of Sound City Entertainment Group, the parent company of Sound City recording studios located in Los Angeles. Sound City is celebrating its 40th anniversary in the recording business in 2009. More than 100 Gold and Platinum albums have been recorded at Sound City over the past 40 years, including albums produced by such record producers as David Foster, Keith Olsen, Richard Dashut, Bill Drescher, Jimmy Iovine, Butch Vig, GGGarth (Richardson), T-Bone Burnett, Andy Johns, Joe Barresi, Tony Berg, Tom Scott, Chris Goss, George Drakoulias, Brendan O'Brien, Matt Wallace, Rick Rubin, Sylvia Massy Shivy, Nick Raskulinecz and Ross Robinson. Rainy Day usually only signs two or three new artists or acts in any given year, and then makes a concerted effort to fully develop and promote those artists that they do sign. Also, Rainy Day Records only uses experienced record producers who have produced or engineered at least one Gold or Platinum album in the production of their albums.
Sound City has recorded albums by such artists as Fleetwood Mac, The Grateful Dead, The Allman Brothers, Buckingham/Nicks, REO Speedwagon, Nirvana, The Black Crowes, Guns N' Roses, Cheap Trick, Foreigner, Santana, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Foo Fighters, Weezer, The Smashing Pumpkins, Tool, Primus, Tonic, Slayer, Eve 6, System of a Down, Judas Priest, Staind, L7, Powerman 5000, Slipknot, Betty Blowtorch, Audioslave, A Perfect Circle, Nine Inch Nails, Rage Against the Machine, Queens of the Stone Age, Ben Folds Five, Kings of Leon, Tom Petty, Elton John, Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Pat Benatar, Rick Springfield, Willie Nelson, Johnny Cash, Carl Perkins, Joan Osborne, Lenny Kravitz, Sheryl Crow, Leon Russell and George Harrison. Rainy Day Records is continuing that legacy by developing the brightest young musical talent in America, while concentrating on the same types of music that has made Sound City one of the most famous recording studios in the world. Rainy Day is currently developing new artists in the musical genres of Rock, Pop, Alternative, R&amp;B, Soul, and certain types of Roots and Country music.

</doc>
<doc id="6971416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971416" title="All Saints Cathedral (Halifax, Nova Scotia)">
All Saints Cathedral (Halifax, Nova Scotia)

The Cathedral Church of All Saints, also known as All Saints Cathedral, is a cathedral church of the Anglican Church of Canada in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
It is the cathedral for the Diocese of Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. There is an additional cathedral, St. Peter's, in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island, owing to the diocese unusually containing two civil provinces.
All Saints Cathedral is located on Cathedral Lane (formerly Martello Street) in the South End of the Halifax Peninsula. Built to a neo-Gothic design by Ralph Adams Cram of Cram, Goodhue &amp; Ferguson (of Boston and New York), the stone structure, minus the central tower which had been the design's most striking feature, was opened in 1910. The building is long; the nave is high, and the chancel is wide.
History.
First World War Memorial Window.
Stained glass in the Cathedral commemorates the men and women of the Diocese who died in World War I.
Philip Bent VC.
The sword of Philip Bent, who was killed in 1917, and is the only person born in Halifax to be awarded a Victoria Cross, is displayed in the cathedral.
Design.
Pipe organ.
The Cathedral Organ was built originally in 1910 by Casavant of St Hyacinthe, Québec, and rebuilt by the British firm of Hill, Norman and Beard in 1961. In 2011, the original console was upgraded by Casavant and now includes 250 memories for its pistons, is MIDI capable, and can record performances to play later. Another advantage of the new console is that it is moveable so it can rest in its original intended location during services but be optimally re-positioned as required during choral concerts and organ recitals and performances. Also, during this recent upgrade the console was prepared with some additional stops as well as an antiphonal section for eventual installation in the Cathedral Narthex. Consisting of four manuals and seventy-five stops, the organ is the largest east of Montreal and serves admirably for service-playing and is also an impressive recital instrument. The organ has been played by many international performers.

</doc>
<doc id="6971429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971429" title="Cell phone software">
Cell phone software



</doc>
<doc id="6971436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971436" title="Cellphone software">
Cellphone software



</doc>
<doc id="6971443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971443" title="Try This with Your Eyes Closed">
Try This with Your Eyes Closed



</doc>
<doc id="6971447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971447" title="Chiahuahua">
Chiahuahua



</doc>
<doc id="6971450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971450" title="Mavil Aru">
Mavil Aru

The Mavil Aru ("Mother River") is a waterway that supplies water to some regions of eastern Sri Lanka. The closing of the sluice gates is considered to be the official beginning of the Eelam War IV although violence including skirmishes and bombings happened before.
Importance during Sri Lankan Civil War.
On July 26, 2006, during a ceasefire period, the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), a separatist militant organization, blocked the sluice-gates of Mavil Aru, blocking access of water to thousands of Tamil civilians in the area. This move was highly condemned by the Sri Lankan government, who pursued a military solution to resolve the conflict. In defense of their actions, The LTTE spokesperson Ilanthirayan said that the LTTE was concerned about the plight of the people of Muttur who were being subjected to "random and indiscriminate" shelling by the Sri Lankan forces even on Friday. Ilanthirayan maintained that the rebels were engaged in a "humanitarian operation" to bring to the attention of the world. He said that the Sri Lankan government, which waxed eloquent about the inhuman act of closing of the sluice gates of the Mavil Aaru anicut (dam) by the LTTE, had put an embargo on drinking water and baby food going to the Tamil people of Muttur East and Ecchchilampattu. "Ours is a defensive and humanitarian operation to highlight the grievances of the people of Muttur." 
With the initiation of 'Operation Watershed', the Sri Lanka Armed Forces undertook to wipe out the LTTE. According to Gen. Sarath Fonseka, it was the correct place to start off the military battle to destroy the LTTE.The armed forces launched air strikes with the aim of capturing the waterway and sluice-gates. On August 11, 2006, the Sri Lankan Armed Forces announced that they had gained full control of the sluice gates of the reservoir.
However the attack was in fact diversion and the LTTE launched an offensive against Government held areas of Trincomalee from land and sea backed by heavy artillery as the newly leased Jetliner transport of the navy was arriving. But a combined force of naval patrolmen, army and police managed to repel the assault and launch a counter-offensive that resulting in the Battle of Sampur. The incident led to the breakdown of talks resulting in the Eastern Theatre of Eelam War IV.

</doc>
<doc id="6971451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971451" title="Shlomo Ettinger">
Shlomo Ettinger



</doc>
<doc id="6971453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971453" title="Kadingilan Poblacion">
Kadingilan Poblacion



</doc>
<doc id="6971455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971455" title="Shlomo Ettingher">
Shlomo Ettingher



</doc>
<doc id="6971460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971460" title="Shloyme Ettingher">
Shloyme Ettingher



</doc>
<doc id="6971464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971464" title="Shloyme Ettinger">
Shloyme Ettinger



</doc>
<doc id="6971467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971467" title="Långstrump">
Långstrump



</doc>
<doc id="6971472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971472" title="Five-carbon sugar">
Five-carbon sugar



</doc>
<doc id="6971474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971474" title="Rapaura">
Rapaura

Rapaura is a locality northwest of Blenheim, New Zealand. The Wairau River flows past to the north. Spring Creek lies to the east.
Rapaura consists of a church and a school. It also has high quality land for growing grapes.
Demographics.
Rapaura is in the Lower Wairau statistical area, which covers . Lower Wairau had an estimated population of as of with a population density of people per km2.
Lower Wairau had a population of 1,212 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 45 people (3.9%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 36 people (3.1%) since the 2006 census. There were 456 households, comprising 633 males and 576 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.1 males per female. The median age was 48.4 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 213 people (17.6%) aged under 15 years, 144 (11.9%) aged 15 to 29, 621 (51.2%) aged 30 to 64, and 234 (19.3%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 90.1% European/Pākehā, 10.4% Māori, 1.7% Pasifika, 2.5% Asian, and 3.5% other ethnicities. People may identify with more than one ethnicity.
The percentage of people born overseas was 15.1, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people chose not to answer the census's question about religious affiliation, 55.4% had no religion, 34.9% were Christian, 0.2% had Māori religious beliefs, 0.2% were Hindu, 0.2% were Buddhist and 0.7% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 195 (19.5%) people had a bachelor's or higher degree, and 141 (14.1%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $43,700, compared with $31,800 nationally. 270 people (27.0%) earned over $70,000 compared to 17.2% nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 576 (57.7%) people were employed full-time, 171 (17.1%) were part-time, and 15 (1.5%) were unemployed.
Education.
Rapaura School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a roll of The school opened in 1862.

</doc>
<doc id="6971480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971480" title="Una Volta">
Una Volta

Una Volta (Italian for "one time") is the third album from the band DeVotchKa, released by Cicero Recordings, Ltd. in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="6971483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971483" title="Black Powder War">
Black Powder War

Black Powder War is the third novel in the "Temeraire" alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. The novel was first published by Del Rey in the United States on May 30, 2006, and by Voyager in the United Kingdom in August 2007.
Plot introduction.
The story is set during an alternate history version of the Napoleonic Wars, in which dragons not only exist but are used as a staple of aerial warfare in Asia and Europe. The dragons of the story are portrayed as sentient and intelligent, capable of logical thought and human speech. The series centers primarily on events involving Temeraire (the titular dragon) and his handler, William Laurence.
Plot summary.
In "Black Powder War", Captain William Laurence and Temeraire - along with the surviving members of their crew - are ordered to make all haste and return from the mission to China via Istanbul, where they are to take custody of three dragon eggs purchased from the Ottoman Empire by the British Government. Laurence and his first lieutenant John Granby are confused at the provenance of these orders, as there must surely be some British dragon nearer to Istanbul than they, but the promise of the eggs spurs them on. In a prologue, Laurence also observes the burial of Prince Yongxing, the primary antagonist of the previous novel, and the mourning of his much-distrusted albino dragon Lien. She is seen in company with the French diplomat de Guignes, which Laurence feels cannot bode well.
Deciding to eschew the "Allegiance," which suffers fire damage at the opening of the novel, Laurence takes the services of a guide named Tharkay, the well-bred but ostracized child of a British diplomat and a Nepalese woman. With his help, the group survives ambush in the Central Asian deserts, befriends a pack of feral dragons in the mountains of Turkestan, and makes its way to Istanbul. Once there, however, they face clear betrayal; the Sultan has chosen to ally himself with Napoleon, probably at the urging of Lien, who is now present in his court, and has seized the exorbitant payment offered him by the British Crown whilst simultaneously reneging on any intent to hand over the eggs in return. Lien makes a private visit to Temeraire and announces that she has set herself to his destruction; as opposed to merely killing him, she wishes to see Temeraire deprived of all he holds dear, and live out the rest of his life in squalor and despondency. In the end, Laurence and his crew simply steal the promised eggs, especially once they discover that one of them is a fire-breather of the Kazilik breed, something England has been trying to get into her Aerial Corps for hundreds of years. She hatches before the end of the book, naming herself Iskierka and accepting Granby as her captain.
Temeraire and company escape to Europe, making an eventual landing in Austria. Laurence, who has been out of touch for over a year, learns more details of Napoleon's crushing victory at the Battle of Austerlitz, which he had only received scant details of during the voyage to China. The only good news to emerge from that battle is a Prussian declaration of alliance against Napoleon for what history today calls the War of the Fourth Coalition, and Laurence routes his travel through that nation. However, upon landing, Temeraire is immediately requisitioned: the Prussians were promised 20 dragons by the British Aerial Corps and have received none of them. Temeraire integrates into their ranks without much complaint, but the Prussian tactics, developed by Frederick the Great, are outdated and easily countered by the creativity of not only Napoleon but of Lien, who has once again made common cause with Temeraire's enemies. Despite the personal presence of King Frederick William III of Prussia and his wife Queen Louise, the Prussians are soundly defeated in the Battle of Jena-Auerstedt, and Temeraire is forced to ferry the royal family away. Thereafter the British crew find themselves at the fortress of Danzig, soon about to fall under siege.
Though Laurence's main goal throughout the novel is the transport of the dragon eggs back to England, Temeraire's is to spread the word of what he observed in China. Britain's attitude towards dragons is that they must be harnessed by a human rider and put into service in the Aerial Corps as something of a steed, kept far away from human society and treated as well (or poorly) as the handler sees fit; as seen in the previous novel, Chinese dragons are instead full citizens who can own property and hold office in and of themselves. Temeraire's disappointment at Napoleon's victories is thus deeper than mere patriotism: Laurence has impressed on him the fact that the war must be prioritized over any consideration of equal draconic rights. His most unlikely ally, however, is Laurence himself: He has seen the material and significant benefits of human-draconic co-operation, which cemented the French triumphs. If Britain is to survive, Laurence confirms grimly, her human population "must" overcome their fear of dragons.
The turning-point of the siege is the arrival of Tharkay, now at the head of the flock of Turkish ferals. Using these dragons and techniques observed in China, Laurence is able to rig out the entire flock as public transportation and evacuate the city, dropping the civilians into the waiting arms of the Royal Navy. Despite a harried exfiltration under fire and the loss of the city, Temeraire and Laurence are relieved to finally be returning to Britain.
Reception.
The book currently holds a rating of 3.91 out of 5 on Goodreads with 26% of a total 41,761 ratings being 5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="6971493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971493" title="Indie gaming">
Indie gaming



</doc>
<doc id="6971495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971495" title="Mobile software">
Mobile software



</doc>
<doc id="6971502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971502" title="Nava Vidha Bhakti">
Nava Vidha Bhakti



</doc>
<doc id="6971509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971509" title="Leeuwin-class survey vessel">
Leeuwin-class survey vessel

The "Leeuwin" class is a two-ship class of hydrographic survey vessels operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). and were ordered from NQEA in 1996, and were commissioned in 2000. The ships are capable of charting waters up to deep, carry three survey boats, and could operate an AS 350B Squirrel helicopter. In addition to surveying duties, since 2001 both vessels have been used to supplement the RAN patrol force. "Leeuwin" is based at , while "Melville" was decommissioned in August 2024.
Design and construction.
The ships have a displacement of 2,170 tons at full load. They are long, with a beam of , and a draught of . Main propulsion machinery consists of four GEC Alsthom 6RK 215 diesel generators, which supply two Alsthom electric motors, each driving a propeller shaft. A Schottel bow thruster is fitted for additional manoeuvrability. Maximum speed is , with a range of at .
Each ship was originally fitted with a STN Atlas 9600 APRA I-band navigational radar, now updated to Sperry Vision-Master FT dual X-band and S-Band radar system. The vessels are fitted with a Nautel C-Tech CMAS 36/39 hull-mounted omni-directional active sonar, updated to CMAS 30D configuration. In addition, the ships were originally fitted with an Atlas Fansweep-20 multibeam echo sounder and an Atlas Hydrographic Deso single-beam echo sounder, and a Klein 2000 towed sidescan sonar array. These have been updated to a Teledyne Seabat T50 IDH Multi-Beam Echo-Sounder, ship specific Single-Beam Echo-Sounders, and an EdgeTech towed sidescan sonar. The sonars and echo sounders allow the vessels to chart waters up to deep. There are three sets of davits fitted; although normally used to carry the survey boats, they can be configured for other small craft. In addition, they carry a RHIB and two utility boats. The "Leeuwin"s are fitted with a helicopter deck for an AS 350B Squirrel helicopter, although lack long-term hosting facilities. They are armed with two single 12.7 mm machine guns.
The ship's company consists of 10 officers and 46 sailors. In addition, up to 5 trainees can be accommodated. The "Leeuwin"s were the first RAN ships to use a multi-crewing concept, with three complements used to operate the two vessels. Both vessels currently operate with a permanent single complement each.
The two ships were ordered from NQEA on 2 April 1996, and built at the company's shipyard in Cairns, Queensland. Construction of commenced in August 1996, and she was launched in July 1997, while was laid down in May 1997 and launched in June 1998. The vessels underwent a joint commissioning ceremony on 27 May 2000. The ships initially bore the pennant numbers "HS 01" and "HS 02" respectively, but these were changed in 2004 to "A 245" and "A 246".
Operational history.
Both "Leeuwin" and "Melville" are based at . They operate in support of the Australian Hydrographic Office.
In late 2001, both ships began operations to supplement patrol forces and counter illegal immigration as part of Operation Relex, in addition to normal surveying duties. The survey ships were selected as they had greater range and seakeeping capabilities that the s. In January 2002, "Leeuwin" and "Melville" were repainted from white to grey.

</doc>
<doc id="6971525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971525" title="ESL Inc.">
ESL Inc.



</doc>
<doc id="6971533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971533" title="N. M. Shaikevich">
N. M. Shaikevich



</doc>
<doc id="6971535" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971535" title="Laura (1979 film)">
Laura (1979 film)

Laura: Shadows of a Summer () is a 1979 French erotic romantic drama film directed by photographer David Hamilton. It stars Dawn Dunlap as the title character. Hamilton made a cameo appearance in the film.
Plot.
Paul Wyler is a successful sculptor best known for sculpting nude young girls. When he encounters an old flame, Sarah, he is so smitten by her beautiful daughter Laura that he asks Sarah if she will pose for him. Sarah, married but still jealous of the fact that her former lover is more attracted to her daughter, tells Paul that Laura is not interested, even though she is actually quite enthusiastic about doing it. As an alternative to live posing, Sarah takes photos of Laura posing nude and gives them to Paul so that he can sculpt Laura. After a fire at an art exhibit, Paul goes blind and cannot complete the sculpture. In the end, Laura, when going to say goodbye to Paul, allows him to finish his work by feeling her body and sculpting by feeling. This leads to a sexual encounter between the two, and the next morning Laura's mother comes to take her away.
Production.
The film is shot in the same soft focus style that is common of David Hamilton's photography and his other films.
Companion book.
In 1979, Hamilton released a portfolio tie-in with the film, titled "Shadows of a Summer".

</doc>
<doc id="6971537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971537" title="Nikolay Strakhov">
Nikolay Strakhov

Nikolay Nikolayevich Strakhov, also transliterated as "Nikolai Strahov" (; 16 October 1828 – 24 January 1896) was a Russian philosopher, publicist, journalist and literary critic. He shared the ideals of Pochvennichestvo and was a longtime friend and correspondent of Leo Tolstoy.
Strakhov was born in Belgorod, Kursk Governorate in a priest family. After leaving St Petersburg University (unable to afford the fees), in 1851 Strakhov graduated from Saint Petersburg's Main Pedagogical Institute, after which he taught for one year in Odessa, followed by nine years' teaching at a gymnasium in Saint Petersburg. In 1861, Strakhov became a prominent publicist and literary critic. Strakhov worked on the literary journals "Time" and "Epoch" together with Fyodor Dostoyevsky and Apollon Grigoryev. He became one of the very few close friends of Leo Tolstoy.
In the 1870s Nikolay Strakhov wrote his most famous philosophical work "World as a Whole" and was among the first (if not the first) to recognize Tolstoy's "War and Peace" as one of the world's greatest novels. Nikolay Strakhov was also one of the most prominent opponents of Liberalism, Rationalism and Utilitarianism in Russia, who contributed greatly to the development of traditionalist Slavophile ideology and its more conservative and nationalist variant known as "Pochvennichestvo". In 1883 Nikolay Strakhov wrote "The Struggle Against the West in Russian Literature" and supported ideas of Nikolay Danilevsky and claimed that Western European rationalism lacks scientific grounds.
Nikolay Strakhov supported and encouraged the young Vasily Rozanov to become a writer and philosopher. Despite his conservatism and support for official government ideology of Orthodoxy, Autocracy, and Nationality he was at times criticized by pro-government publications such as Mikhail Katkov's "Moskovskie Vedomosti". Russian liberals bitterly resented Strakhov and considered him a reactionary philosopher.
Strakhov died in Saint Petersburg in 1896; he never married and had no children.

</doc>
<doc id="6971540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971540" title="Lorry I. Lokey">
Lorry I. Lokey

Lorry I. Lokey (March 27, 1927 – October 1, 2022) was an American businessperson and philanthropist. A native of Portland, Oregon, he founded the company Business Wire in 1961 and donated in excess of $700 million to charities, with the majority of the money given to schools. He resided in San Francisco during his later years.
Early life.
Lorry Lokey was born on March 27, 1927, in Portland, Oregon, and raised in the Northeast Portland neighborhood of Alameda during the Depression. His Jewish family practiced charity, setting the example for Lokey. He attended Alameda Elementary School in Portland, then graduated from Grant High School before being drafted into the United States Army, then deployed to Japan during the final months of World War II. While in the service he worked on the "Pacific Stars &amp; Stripes" as an editor after the war ended.
Lokey resumed college in 1947, having been drafted into the army in 1944, following his freshman year, graduating from Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism. At Stanford, he worked on "The Stanford Daily", becoming editor of the school newspaper in 1949. Upon graduation Lokey began working for United Press, now United Press International (UPI), and then at newspapers and in the public relations field. One newspaper he worked for was "The Daily News" in Longview, Washington.
Business career.
Inspired by the sight of a teletype machine transferring financial news during a conference in Los Angeles, Lokey started Business Wire, a news release service, in 1961. Founded in San Francisco, California, the company started with seven clients on the first day of business. The company expanded and became an international wire service with 30 offices around the world. By 2003, the company had grown to 450 employees with annual revenue of $110 million. In 2006, Lokey sold Business Wire for approximately $600 million to Berkshire Hathaway, Warren Buffett's corporation.
Philanthropy.
Lokey began donating large sums of money to charities in 1990. By 2007, he had donated more than $400 million, of which 98 percent was given to secondary and post-secondary education. Some schools include the University of Oregon, Mills College, Stanford University, the Technion, Santa Clara University, Bellarmine College Preparatory, and Portland State University. These efforts led to his listing as one of the ten highest donors in the United States by the "Chronicle of Philanthropy" in 2006. He was also an early signer of The Giving Pledge. During his lifetime, Lokey donated over 90% of his fortune, exceeding . He was the University of Oregon's 2017-2018 honorary degree recipient.
In 2018, he donated $10 million to the University of Haifa for the construction of a new building in downtown Haifa, Israel.
As of June 2014, Lokey had also donated a total of $139.9 million to the University of Oregon in Eugene. This includes a $74.5 million donation in 2007 that was the second most ever given to the school, and the largest donation designated for academics. The 2007 donation went towards the creation of the Lorry I. Lokey Science Advancement and Graduate Education Initiative.
In October 2008, the Stanford School of Medicine announced that Lokey would donate $75 million for a research facility. The facility is named the Lorry I. Lokey Stem Cell Research Building. He also donated money to establish a new chemistry building at the Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Israel.
Personal life.
Lokey had three daughters. He died in Atherton, California, on October 1, 2022, at age 95.

</doc>
<doc id="6971544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971544" title="AP Bio">
AP Bio

AP Bio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6971546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971546" title="Michael Vasilevich Alexeiev">
Michael Vasilevich Alexeiev



</doc>
<doc id="6971548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971548" title="Theatre of dreams">
Theatre of dreams



</doc>
<doc id="6971550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971550" title="Curse Your Little Heart">
Curse Your Little Heart

Curse Your Little Heart is an EP from the band DeVotchKa. It was released by Ace Fu in 2006. Five out of the six tracks are covers, with the title track first appearing on the album "SuperMelodrama".

</doc>
<doc id="6971556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971556" title="Alexeiev">
Alexeiev



</doc>
<doc id="6971558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971558" title="AP US">
AP US



</doc>
<doc id="6971561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971561" title="Orao">
Orao

Orao ("eagle" in Serbo-Croatian) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6971567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971567" title="Michael Alexeiev">
Michael Alexeiev



</doc>
<doc id="6971570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971570" title="AP Chinese">
AP Chinese



</doc>
<doc id="6971579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971579" title="Greenhill School">
Greenhill School

Greenhill School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6971588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971588" title="Len Rice">
Len Rice

Leonard Oliver Rice (September 2, 1918 – June 13, 1992) was an American Major League Baseball catcher who played for the Cincinnati Reds (1944) and the Chicago Cubs (1945). A native of Lead, South Dakota, he stood tall and weighed .
Rice is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He may be most well known for being a reserve catcher on the last Chicago Cubs team to win a National League pennant (1945). That was his best season, as he got into 32 games and hit .232 (23-for-99) with 7 runs batted in and 10 runs scored. He had played in just 10 games for the Reds the year before, going 0-for-4, then was drafted by the Cubs from the Reds in the 1944 rule V draft (November 1).
He died at the age of 73 in Sonora, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6971590" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971590" title="Panzer IX and Panzer X">
Panzer IX and Panzer X

The super-heavy tanks Panzerkampfwagen IX and Panzerkampfwagen X were silhouette conceptual drawings in an edition of the German World War II "Signal" military magazine. The drawings were not based on any actual designs, and were solely printed to deceive Allied intelligence.

</doc>
<doc id="6971591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971591" title="Rascas de Bagarris">
Rascas de Bagarris

Pierre-Antoine Rascas, sieur de Bagarris et du Bourguet (15 February 1569 – 14 April 1620), was an advocate at the Parlement of Aix-en-Provence, and a founder of the science of historical numismatics. de Bagarris was one of the most notable antiquaries of his time.
Biography.
Rascas was born and died in Aix-en-Provence. Henri IV recognized his value, and placed him in charge of the royal collection of medals and antiquities kept at Fontainebleau, which formed one of the nuclei of the royal Cabinet des Médailles, now a department of the Bibliothèque nationale de France. Rascas de Bagarris, as he is known, augmented the royal collection from his own. He had the idea of assembling a collection of antique coins that would form an illustrated gallery of the sovereigns of Classical antiquity, as an informative work of curiosity. In 1611 he advised Henri IV to renew the tradition of Antiquity by issuing fine medals to celebrate public and private events of his reign, a propaganda program that was adopted with some consistency by Louis XIV. His request of 10 January 1613, when he was the "intendant des Médailles et Antiques du roy", for permission to make coin-medals ("monnaies-médailles") of copper to the nominal value of six deniers was forwarded to the Cour des Monnaies. A similar request was dated 30 January 1616. Rascas de Bagarris had broader responsibilities: he drew up the earliest surviving inventory of the royal collection of paintings, ca 1625.
After the assassination of Henry, Rascas de Bagarris returned to Aix with the honorific title of "conseiller du roi, intendant des mers atlantiques" ("King's counsellor, superintendent of the Atlantic seas"). He served as "primicier" of the University of Aix.
His protégé Nicolas-Claude Fabri de Peiresc, likewise attached to the Parlement of Aix, received from Rascas de Bagarris his training in the connoisseurship of antiquities and of coins and medals. (Alphéran)

</doc>
<doc id="6971593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971593" title="Yekaterina">
Yekaterina



</doc>
<doc id="6971594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971594" title="AP German">
AP German



</doc>
<doc id="6971595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971595" title="Harold Jamison">
Harold Jamison

Harold Sherill Jamison (born November 20, 1976) is an American former professional basketball player. Born in Orangeburg, South Carolina, he is 6'8" and played at power forward.
Basketball career.
In college, Jamison played for Clemson University. He started his National Basketball Association career with the Miami Heat in 1999–2000, appearing in 12 games.
His second season was with the Los Angeles Clippers (2001–02) for whom he played 25 games for and averaged 2.2 points and 1.6 rebounds. After which he was traded along with Darius Miles to the Cleveland Cavaliers in exchange for Andre Miller and Bryant Stith, but he was shortly after waived. Jamison's final NBA game was played on April 17, 2002, in a 103–107 loss to the Golden State Warriors (the team's final game of the season). In his final game, Jamison recorded 4 points, 5 rebounds and 1 assist.
Jamison also played professionally in Poland, Italy, Puerto Rico, Turkey, Greece, Ukraine, and Lebanon.

</doc>
<doc id="6971602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971602" title="Pierre-Antoine Rascas de Bagarris">
Pierre-Antoine Rascas de Bagarris



</doc>
<doc id="6971606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971606" title="National Music Camp Association">
National Music Camp Association



</doc>
<doc id="6971613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971613" title="Fourth Ward">
Fourth Ward

4th Ward may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6971618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971618" title="U.S. tax system">
U.S. tax system



</doc>
<doc id="6971621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971621" title="Sandvika, Norway">
Sandvika, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6971633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971633" title="Sauda, Norway">
Sauda, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6971638" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971638" title="Terri Alden">
Terri Alden



</doc>
<doc id="6971640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971640" title="Maaleh Adummim">
Maaleh Adummim



</doc>
<doc id="6971641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971641" title="Sortland, Norway">
Sortland, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6971647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971647" title="Youth Music Australia">
Youth Music Australia



</doc>
<doc id="6971651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971651" title="UMass-Lowell">
UMass-Lowell



</doc>
<doc id="6971662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971662" title="James Douglas, 3rd Marquess of Queensberry">
James Douglas, 3rd Marquess of Queensberry

James Douglas, 3rd Marquess of Queensberry (2 November 1697 – 24 January 1715), known until 1711 as James Douglas, Earl of Drumlanrig, was a Scottish nobleman, the second son, and eldest to survive infancy, of James Douglas, 2nd Duke of Queensberry.
Stories describe him as an "imbecile" and violently insane. He was kept under lock and key from childhood at Queensberry House in Edinburgh, now part of the Scottish Parliament complex.
It is reported that when the Act of Union was signed in 1707, the disruption from either the festivities or the riots resulted in his escape. Drumlanrig, then around 10 years old, slaughtered a servant in the house's kitchen, roasted him on a spit, and began to eat him before he was discovered and apprehended. He was afterwards known as 'The Cannibalistic Idiot'. The oven that he used can be seen in a room in the basement of Queensberry House, which housed the Parliament's Allowances Office until 2012, when it became a private bar for MSPs and their guests.
A "charter of novodamus" (i.e., "de novo damus", "we grant anew"; a charter containing a clause by which a feudal superior re-bestows a former grant under a new set of conditions) had been made out in 1706 for his father's titles, excepting the marquessate of Queensberry, to remove James Douglas from the succession.
He died on 24 January 1715 and was buried on 17 February. The parish register for Calverley, near Leeds, West Yorkshire, includes the burial record of "James Dowgles, Marquess of Drumlangrick" under the heading "burials at Calverley and Pudsey" but states that he died at "Woodall" and was buried in "Launsborow", which the 1887 transcriber interprets as "Woodhall" and Londesborough respectively, stating that he "appears to have died at Woodhall under the care of Mr. Richardson".
His brother Charles Douglas, 3rd Duke of Queensberry succeeded him to the marquessate.

</doc>
<doc id="6971671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971671" title="The Girls of the Playboy Mansion">
The Girls of the Playboy Mansion



</doc>
<doc id="6971689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971689" title="St. Paul's Cathedral (Kamloops)">
St. Paul's Cathedral (Kamloops)

St Paul's Cathedral, Kamloops, is the Cathedral church for the Territory of the People, Anglican Church of Canada. The Territory of the People (the Territory) was formerly known as the Diocese of Cariboo, which was dissolved because of its inability to meet tort judgments against it in respect of abuse in Indian residential schools. After dissolution of the Diocese of the Cariboo the Territory was temporarily known as The Anglican Parishes of the Central Interior. The area officially became a territory in 2015.
The original church was built in 1888 on Main Street; in 1924, the building was moved to Nicola Street. The building is an extremely modest one both in size and furniture and fittings.
In 2023, the rector and Dean is the Rev Dr Kyle Norman. The bishop having responsibility for the parishes of the Territory is the Rt. Rev. Barbara Andrews; Clara Plamondon was consecrated as Bishop in January 2024.
Architecture.
The cathedral's architecture reflects its historical evolution. The original 1888 sanctuary featured a stained-glass window on the east wall, which remains a prominent feature. In the 1950s, significant structural changes were made: the chancel was enlarged, the altar was moved from the east to the west end, and a vestry, chapel, and parish hall were incorporated. A steeple was also erected atop the main entrance. The sanctuary ceiling is supported by exposed beams and rafters, showcasing the craftsmanship of the period.

</doc>
<doc id="6971691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971691" title="Jessica Mink">
Jessica Mink

Jessica Mink is an American software developer, positional astronomer, and data archivist at the Center for Astrophysics Harvard &amp; Smithsonian. She was part of the team that discovered the rings around the planet Uranus.
Early life and career.
Mink was born in Lincoln, Nebraska, in 1951 and graduated from Dundee Community High School in 1969. She earned an S.B. degree (1973) and an S.M. degree (1974) in Planetary Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). 
Upon rejecting her PhD application, Carl Sagan recommended Mink pursue a job at the Laboratory for Planetary Studies at Cornell University, which she did. She worked there from 1976 to 1979 as an astronomical software developer, under the direction of Jim Elliot. It was during this time that she was part of the team that discovered the rings around Uranus. Within the team, she was responsible for the data reduction software and data analysis. After working at Cornell she moved back to MIT with her research group, where she did work that contributed to the discovery of the rings of Neptune. She has written a number of commonly used software packages for astrophysics, including WCSTools and RVSAO.
Mink is a member of the American Astronomical Society and the International Astronomical Union.
Personal life.
Mink is an avid bicycle user and bicycle activist. She has served as an officer and director of the Massachusetts Bicycle Coalition and has been the route planner for the Massachusetts portion of the East Coast Greenway since 1991.
Mink is a transgender woman; she publicly came out in 2011 at the age of 60. She has since spoken out about her experiences transitioning. She was also featured in two articles about the experiences of transitioning in a professional environment. She was a co-organizer of the 2015 Inclusive Astronomy conference at Vanderbilt University.
Mink currently lives in Boston, Massachusetts (USA), and has an adult daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="6971695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971695" title="Cpt. Jack Sparrow">
Cpt. Jack Sparrow



</doc>
<doc id="6971697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971697" title="Frederick Bakewell">
Frederick Bakewell

Frederick Collier Bakewell (29 September 1800 – 26 September 1869) was an English physicist who improved on the concept of the facsimile machine introduced by Alexander Bain in 1842 and demonstrated a working version at The Great Exhibition of 1851 in London.
Biography.
Born in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, he eventually moved to Hampstead, Middlesex where he lived until his death. He is buried in a family grave in Kensal Green Cemetery.
Bakewell was married to Henrietta Darbyshire with whom he had two sons, Robert and Armitage.
Image telegraph.
Bakewell's "image telegraph" had many of the features of modern facsimile machines. After making several improvements on Bain's design, Bakewell replaced the pendulums of Bain's system with synchronized rotating cylinders
The system involved writing or drawing on a piece of metal foil with a special insulating ink; the foil was then wrapped around a cylinder which slowly rotated, driven by a clock mechanism. A metal stylus driven by a screw thread traveled across the surface of the cylinder as it turned, tracing out a path over the foil. Each time the stylus crossed the insulating ink, the current through the foil to the stylus was interrupted. At the receiver, a similar pendulum-driven stylus marked chemically treated paper with an electric current as the receiving cylinder rotated.
The chief problems with Bakewell's machine were how to keep the two cylinders synchronized and to make sure that the transmitting and receiving styli started at the same point on the cylinder at the same time. Despite these problems, Bakewell's machine was capable of transmitting handwriting and simple line drawings along telegraph wires. The system, however, never became commercial.
In 1861 the system was improved by an Italian priest, Giovanni Caselli who was able to use it to send handwritten messages as well as photographs on his pantelegraph. He introduced the first commercial telefax service between Paris and Lyon.
Other work.
In addition to his work on facsimile transmission, he held patents for many other innovations. Bakewell also wrote texts on physics and natural phenomena.

</doc>
<doc id="6971699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971699" title="Hanwell Insane Asylum">
Hanwell Insane Asylum



</doc>
<doc id="6971718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971718" title="Michael Ferejohn">
Michael Ferejohn

Michael Ferejohn (born 1945) is a Professor of Philosophy at Duke University, and the author of the books "The Origins of Aristotelian Science" and "Formal Causes: Definition, Explanation, and Primacy in Socratic and Aristotelian Thought". He received his A.B. from San Fernando Valley State College (now California State University, Northridge) and his doctorate from the University of California, Irvine. Prior to teaching at Duke, he held a Mellon Faculty Fellowship at Harvard University. Ferejohn specializes in ancient philosophy, epistemology, and logic. He received the Richard K. Lublin Distinguished Award for Teaching Excellence in 2012 at Duke University.

</doc>
<doc id="6971724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971724" title="Om Yoga Meditation">
Om Yoga Meditation



</doc>
<doc id="6971730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971730" title="Retardation A Celebration (Strangers with Candy)">
Retardation A Celebration (Strangers with Candy)



</doc>
<doc id="6971733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971733" title="Hybrid open-access journal">
Hybrid open-access journal

A hybrid open-access journal is a subscription journal in which some of the articles are open access. This status typically requires the payment of a publication fee (also called an article processing charge or APC) to the publisher in order to publish an article open access, in addition to the continued payment of subscriptions to access all other content. Strictly speaking, the term "hybrid open-access journal" is incorrect, possibly misleading, as using the same logic such journals could also be called "hybrid subscription journals". Simply using the term "hybrid access journal" is accurate.
Publishers that offer a hybrid open access option often use different names for it. The SHERPA/RoMEO site provides a list of publishers and the names of their options. The Open Access Directory provides a list of funds that support open access journals, and provides information about which funds will pay fees of hybrid open access journals.
Origins.
The concept was first proposed in 1998 when Thomas Walker suggested that authors could purchase extra visibility at a price. The first journal recognized as using this model was Walker's own "Florida Entomologist"; it was later extended to the other publications of the Entomological Society of America. The idea was later refined by David Prosser in 2003 in the journal "Learned Publishing". The larger academic publishers began offering hybrid open access journals around the same time, with Springer and Wiley both having started by 2005. Within two years, Elsevier, Taylor &amp; Francis and the Nature Publishing Group had followed suit.
Gradual uptake of hybrid open access.
The early uptake of hybrid open access was slow, and differed between countries. A study in 2012 noted that "The number of hybrid journals has doubled in the past couple of years and is now over 4,300, "but concluded that there was "lack of success of this business model", with only 1 to 2% of researchers making use of it. However, the United Kingdom was a notable front runner in using the model, "its use of OA in hybrid journals and of delayed OA journals is more than twice the world average". Growth slowly continued, and a 2018 large-scale survey of open access business models across global scholarly publishing estimated that between 3 and 8% of articles were published via hybrid open access. Research carried out a year later indicated that Hybrid Open Access had actually peaked around 2016.
Criticism.
While hybrid Open Access began as an agreed method amongst publishers, scientists and libraries for a gradual transition towards full Open Access, it soon attracted various criticisms for being unfair.
Allegations of double dipping.
Since one source of funds to pay for open access articles is the library subscription budget, it has been proposed that there needs to be a decrease in the subscription cost to the library in order to avoid 'double dipping' where an article is paid for twice – once through subscription fees, and again through an APC. For example, the Open Access Authors Fund of the University of Calgary Library (2009/09) requires that: ""To be eligible for funding in this" [hybrid open access] "category, the publisher must plan to make (in the next subscription year) reductions to the institutional subscription prices based on the number of open-access articles in those journals."" On 12 November 2009, Nature Publishing Group issued a news release on how open access affected its subscription prices.
However, university libraries were unconvinced that the decrease in prices was occurring. A report on work carried out by the University of Nottingham since 2006 to introduce and manage an institutional open access fund has been published by Stephen Pinfield in "Learned Publishing". In this article, the author comments that: "As publishers' income has increased from OA [open-access] fees in the hybrid model, there has been little or no let-up in journal subscription inflation, and only a small minority of publishers have yet committed to adjusting their subscription prices as they receive increasing levels of income from OA options." By 2018, this particular problem was considered so extreme in the area of open access book (as opposed to journal) publishing that the Anti Double Dipping Alliance was formed.
Institutional responses.
Towards the start of Hybrid Open Access, some universities, research centers, foundations, and government agencies designated funds to pay publication fees (APCs) of fee-based open access journals, including hybrid. However, as criticism of hybrid has grown, a substantial number of such funds (40%) will not reimburse APCs in hybrid journals, including Harvard University, CERN, Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, Columbia University and the Norwegian Research Council. The European Commission has also announced that the ninth framework program (Horizon Europe) will not cover the cost of APCs in hybrid journals. Science Europe has set up a coalition of European research funders (cOAlition S) who have explicitly ruled out reimbursing APCs in hybrid journals from 2020 with the express aim of driving a more rapid transition towards full open access (see transformative journal).
Publishers have argued against the above criticisms and responses, arguing that hybrid "as successfully meet[s] market demands and foster[s] growth in open access publishing."
Advantages and disadvantages to the author.
An author who wants to publish in an open-access format is not limited to the relatively small number of "full" open-access journals, but can also choose from the available hybrid open-access journals, which includes journals published by many of the largest academic publishers.
However, the author must still find the money. Many funding agencies are ready to let authors use grant funds, or apply for supplementary funds, to pay publication fees at open-access journals. (Only a minority of open-access journals charge such fees, but nearly all hybrid open access journals do so.) So far, the funding agencies that are willing to pay these fees do not distinguish between full and hybrid open-access journals. On 19 October 2009, one such funding agency, the Wellcome Trust, expressed concerns about hybrid open-access fees being paid twice, through subscriptions and through publication fees.
If an author is unable to pay the fees or chooses not to do so, they often retain the right to share their work online by self-archiving in an open access repository.
Variations.
The American Society of Plant Biologists has adopted a policy that articles contributed by society members to its journal, "Plant Physiology", will be made open access immediately on publication at no additional charge. Non-member authors can receive OA through payment of $1,000, but since membership is only $115/year, it is expected this initiative will boost membership.
Partial open access exists when only research articles are open (as in "BMJ"), while articles in other categories are paywalled.

</doc>
<doc id="6971736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971736" title="Government of Johannesburg">
Government of Johannesburg



</doc>
<doc id="6971742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971742" title="Joy Eden Harrison">
Joy Eden Harrison

Joy Eden Harrison (born September 4, 1962) is an American singer, songwriter, and musician. She has released three critically acclaimed CDs, the late 1990s "Angel Town", the 2002 "Unspoken", and most recently, 2006's "Blue Venus". She won Best Jazz Artist in The 2002 Independent Music Awards for "Unspoken", selected by judges Tom Waits, Arturo Sandoval and Don Byron.
Harrison has had two of her songs featured in Hollywood films. The Love Beneath Your Lies is in the film "Curtain Call". Marlene is in the film "Suicide Kings".
Harrison claims that her lyrical complexity reflects her link to her great-aunt, novelist Anzia Yezierska, while her musical gifts and connection to the jazz era come from her great-uncle, Milton Ager, the composer of Happy Days Are Here Again.

</doc>
<doc id="6971753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971753" title="WZDA">
WZDA

WZDA (103.9 FM) is a commercial radio station licensed to Beavercreek, Ohio, serving the Dayton metro area, owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. As of December 27, 2021, it broadcasts country music on its standard analog transmission, using the "New Country 103.9" moniker, after previously being an alternative rock station called "Alt 103.9." The WZDA studios are located in Dayton, while the station transmitter resides in the neighboring suburb of Moraine. Besides a standard analog transmission, WZDA broadcasts in HD Radio, and is available online via iHeartRadio.
History.
WHBM (1962–1978).
WZDA began as WHBM on June 18, 1962, under license to Xenia, Ohio; the WHBM call letters stood for "Harry B. Miller", the station's owner and general manager. WHBM was the FM sister station to AM station WELX in Xenia and WERM in Wapakoneta. WELX and WHBM began operations in the late 1960s with a middle of the road format, then switching in the early 1970s to progressive jazz and soul gospel. WHBM_FM, began operations first in 1962 from the second floor above "The Dutch Oven" bakery on North Detroit St., in Xenia. WELX began operations several years later. Both stations eventually operated from the WELX transmitter site adjacent to U.S. Route 35 off June Drive in Xenia. Both stations miraculously survived the April 3, 1974, tornado which ravaged Xenia and nearby Beavercreek. However, a fire destroyed the small studio/transmitter building around 1977, thus WELX and WHBM both went silent.
WDJX (1978–1982).
Both stations along with WERM were sold in 1978 to separate owners with WELX (now southern gospel WGNZ) owned by L&amp;D Broadcasting and WHBM sold to Ohio Broadcast Associates becoming Top-40 formatted WDJX, using the "Xenia/Fairborn/Beavercreek" top of hour ID giving FM competition to Dayton's WING (AM).
WYMJ (1982–1992).
In 1982 WDJX moved its studios (and eventually its city of license) to Beavercreek, later becoming Hot A/C-formatted "Majic 104" WYMJ-FM. In 1989 WYMJ was purchased by Alan Gray's Dayton Radio, Inc and switched to "Oldies 104".
WRVF (1992–1995).
By 1992, the station became WRVF "The River" with a country format before being overshadowed by the former WHIO-FM becoming WHKO "K-99.1 FM".
WXEG (1995–2015).
In late August 1995, the station became "103.9 The Edge", WXEG introducing the Alternative format to Dayton and moving the studios to Dayton's Historic Oregon District. During this time, WXEG with sister stations WONE (AM) and WTUE (FM) went through several ownerships after being sold by Group One to Stoner Broadcasting, American Radio Systems, Entercom and finally Jacor before its merger with Clear Channel.
On January 1, 1998, "103.9 The Edge" became "103.9 The X", retaining the Alternative format but rebranding due to a dispute with a consultant who owned the trademark of "The Edge."
By 2010, WXEG changed formats to active rock as it was moved to the Mediabase active rock panel, but by 2015, it returned to the Alternative panel after phasing out the harder rock product.
WZDA (2015–present).
On August 28, 2015, WXEG completed the move back to alternative rock, rebranding as "Alt 103-9". The station changed its call sign to the current WZDA on September 28, 2015.
On November 24, 2021, at 6 a.m., after playing a block of "goodbye"-themed songs (specifically "In The End" by Linkin Park, "Closing Time" by Semisonic, and "It's the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine)" by R.E.M.), WZDA dropped their rock format after 26 years and began stunting with Christmas music as "Christmas 103.9"; a new format is expected after the holidays. The first song on "Christmas" was Frank Sinatra's cover of "Jingle Bells". WZDA replaces former sister WRZX-FM as iHeart's Christmas music brand in the Dayton market, as WRZX-FM was donated from iHeart’s Aloha Stations Trust along with WYDB and flipped to conservative talk in August. The change comes as the now-former "Alt" format had a 2.0 share in the October 2021 Nielsen Audio ratings. On December 27, 2021, at Midnight, WZDA flipped to country as "103.9 The Bull", with the first song being "Buy Dirt" by Jordan Davis and Luke Bryan. On January 14, 2022, WZDA rebranded as "New Country 103.9".
WZDA in HD.
The station started broadcasting in HD Radio on February 2, 2006.
Concerts.
WXEG held an annual X-Fest every year from 1996 to 2012. The X-Fest was cancelled in 2012 just weeks before the event was to take place and has not taken place since.

</doc>
<doc id="6971755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971755" title="Jules-Robert de Cotte">
Jules-Robert de Cotte

Jules-Robert de Cotte (1683–1767) was a renowned French architect, the son of one of the most highly regarded architect-administrators of his era, Robert de Cotte. 
The younger de Cotte assisted his father in the most prestigious architectural project in France, the building works at the royal palaces, (Bâtiments du Roi). In 1718 he received, in the course of construction, one of the three posts of "intendant et ordonnateur"
In 1723, top German architect Balthasar Neumann came to Paris in order to study the latest French stylistic developments of the emerging Rococo and consulted Robert de Cotte, as well as Jules-Robert, whose reputation with Neumann was as good as his father and surpassing that of another brilliant contemporary French architect, Germain Boffrand, an assessment that modern art historians would not support. Following in his father's footsteps, Jules-Robert de Cotte relied on workshop assistants to provide the details for his commissions.

</doc>
<doc id="6971767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971767" title="Kamen Rider Hyper Battle">
Kamen Rider Hyper Battle



</doc>
<doc id="6971780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971780" title="The Four Hundred Blows">
The Four Hundred Blows



</doc>
<doc id="6971788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971788" title="Turtles (band)">
Turtles (band)



</doc>
<doc id="6971803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971803" title="The Ocean Stars">
The Ocean Stars



</doc>
<doc id="6971818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971818" title="Musselmann">
Musselmann



</doc>
<doc id="6971820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971820" title="Musulmann">
Musulmann



</doc>
<doc id="6971824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971824" title="Mussulmann">
Mussulmann



</doc>
<doc id="6971827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971827" title="Walecki">
Walecki

Walecki or Wałecki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6971829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971829" title="Sakip Sabanci Museum">
Sakip Sabanci Museum



</doc>
<doc id="6971831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971831" title="Shuddha advaita">
Shuddha advaita



</doc>
<doc id="6971846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971846" title="Deep artery of penis">
Deep artery of penis



</doc>
<doc id="6971849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971849" title="Ray Baker (music producer)">
Ray Baker (music producer)

Ray Baker is a Nashville record producer. His first hit record produced was "I Just Started Hatin' Cheating Songs Today" by Moe Bandy in 1974. He also produced "It Was Always so Easy to Find an Unhappy Woman" and "It's a Cheatin' Situation", both by Moe Bandy. He also produced all of Connie Smith's albums under Columbia and Monument Records, starting with "That's the Way Love Goes" in 1974.
Baker also produced duets by Moe Bandy and Joe Stampley. "Good Ole Boys" was a million-selling duet in 1979. In 1983 he produced "Right or Wrong" by George Strait, his first gold album; singles from that album included the title track, "You Look So Good in Love" and "Let's Fall to Pieces Together."
In 1984, he produced several hit records by Merle Haggard, including Grammy Award-winning "That's the Way Love Goes". Ray Baker also produced "Natural High", "Let's Chase Each Other 'Round the Room", "What am I Gonna Do with the Rest of My Life", and "You Take Me for Granted", all number one records for Haggard. In addition, he produced several top ten records for Connie Smith for Columbia Records and Monument Records
Prior to his producing career, Ray was a very successful music publisher. His catalogue contained such hits as "Elvira" "There Goes My Everything" "The Son of Hickory Holler's Tramp","If My Heart Had Windows" "That's The Way Love Goes", "Johnny One Time" and over 35 other Number One Country and Pop Songs from 1966 to the 1990s. His various accomplishments are included in Michael Kosser's best-selling biography "How Music City Became Music City USA".

</doc>
<doc id="6971851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971851" title="Sadberk Hanim Museum">
Sadberk Hanim Museum



</doc>
<doc id="6971856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971856" title="Fun Bar Karaoke">
Fun Bar Karaoke

Fun Bar Karaoke ( or Fan ba karaoke, literally "dream crazy karaoke") is a 1997 crime-comedy directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang. The film had its world premiere at the 1997 Berlin Film Festival for which Pen-Ek was credited as "Tom Pannet". It screened in the festival's Forum section.
Plot.
Pu is a young woman who is having some bad dreams. Her father, meanwhile, has fallen in love with a karaoke bar hostess girl named Yok who's the girlfriend of a mobster. A hitman named Noi is then dispatched to kill the father, and Pu ends up falling in love with Noi.

</doc>
<doc id="6971861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971861" title="Fenty">
Fenty

Fenty can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6971869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971869" title="Johnny Wels">
Johnny Wels



</doc>
<doc id="6971889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971889" title="Music producer ray baker">
Music producer ray baker



</doc>
<doc id="6971895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971895" title="Cold Springs Middle School">
Cold Springs Middle School



</doc>
<doc id="6971901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971901" title="Jacoby ellsbury">
Jacoby ellsbury



</doc>
<doc id="6971905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971905" title="1985 World Sportscar Championship">
1985 World Sportscar Championship

The 1985 World Sportscar Championship season was the 33rd season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing. It featured the 1985 World Endurance Championship which was contested over a series of races for Group C1 and Group C2 Prototypes, Group B GT Cars and IMSA GTP cars. The series ran from 14 April 1985 to 1 December 1985 and was composed of 10 races.
This year marked the introduction of Teams titles for outright, Group C2 and GT Cars, replacing the traditional Manufacturers awards. Outright and Group C2 Drivers titles were also awarded.
Schedule.
† - Non-points races for teams.
Drivers Championship.
Points were awarded to the drivers of the top 10 placed cars in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1 and drivers of C2 cars were also awarded 2 bonus points if they finished in any of the top ten outright positions. However points were not awarded if a driver: 
All drivers were eligible to score points in the overall championship, but drivers of C2 class cars were also awarded points separately for their own title.
Only half points were awarded at Round 9 due to the race being stopped with less than 50% distance having been covered.
World Endurance Championship for Drivers.
The 1985 FIA World Endurance Championship for Drivers was awarded jointly to Rothmans Porsche teammates Hans-Joachim Stuck and Derek Bell who shared a Porsche 962C throughout the season
Group C2.
The Group C2 title was awarded to Gordon Spice and Ray Bellm who shared a Tiga Ford entered by Spice Engineering.
Teams Championship.
Points were awarded to the top 10 finishers in the order of 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1, however 
All cars were eligible to score for their team in the overall championship, but C2 class cars were also awarded points separately for their own title.
Rounds 2, 8, and 10 were not part of the Teams Championship and counted only for the Drivers titles.
Only half points were awarded at Round 9 due to the race being stopped with less than 50% distance having been covered.

</doc>
<doc id="6971913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971913" title="Giro (singer)">
Giro (singer)

Jorge Manuel Lopez , also known as Giro Lopez (born March 9, 1971), is a Puerto Rican salsa musician.
Career.
Giro began his career as part of the boy band of Puerto Rico called Los Chicos. Two singles by "Giro" Jorge López, "Si Tu Supieras" and "Mi Forma de Sentir", reached #1 on the Latin Tropical Airplay. In 1995, Giro received a Lo Nuestro award for "New Tropical Singer of the Year" and in 1996 also was nominated for Best Male Tropical Singer of the Year. 
He won a Gold Record at the New Jersey OTT Awards (National Songwriters Contest), presented by Billboard magazine.
He was signed to Sony Music (SDI - Sony Discos International) from 1988 until 2000. In 1988 Jorge studied voice and acting at Mercer County Community College in East Windsor New Jersey for 2 semesters before returning to Puerto Rico to launch his solo career.
His 2002 album, "Mi Nostalgia", received a Latin Grammy nomination for "Best Salsa Album". His 2011 CD release under Giro Productions and Oriente Music Group "Todavia Hay Amor" was produced by Cuto Soto and Gunda Merced. It contains three compositions, "Se Que Perdi," "No Te Puedo Olvidar" and "Llegaste," by salsa songwriter and composer Pedro Azael and a re-recorded version of his early hit "Me he enamorado," written by Pepe Luis Soto. The song that received the most airplay on Latin music stations was a duet with La India of "Islas En El Mar," the Spanish version of "Islands in the Stream" first recorded by Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton.
As a solo artist Giro has performed and collaborated with Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Luis Enrique, Willie Colón, Frankie Ruiz, Rey Ruiz, Eddie Santiago, Gilberto Santa Rosa, Tito Rojas, Víctor Manuelle, and Jerry Rivera. On February 12, 2011 Giro appeared at the Best of the 1990s show at Trump Plaza in New York City, along with other salsa colleagues such as La India, Tito Nieves, Tony Vega, Jerry Rivera, Eddie Santiago, Lalo Rodriguez, and Tito Rojas. In May 2011 Giro appeared at the New Orleans Jazz Festival.
In addition to large Latin music markets in the USA like Miami, Chicago, Los Angeles, Texas and New York City, Giro has penetrated into Europe and Asia and also the Caribbean and Central and South American tropical music markets, spending six months in Brazil alone between São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, and Recife, and touring heavily in 2011 throughout Colombia, Peru, Venezuela, Panama, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, Canada and Puerto Rico. As of 2013, Giro was being managed by Chino Rodriguez.
Discography.
In the 1990s Giro started his individual career and has released albums such as:

</doc>
<doc id="6971920" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971920" title="Othello Tunnels">
Othello Tunnels



</doc>
<doc id="6971928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971928" title="Dr. Bill Wilson">
Dr. Bill Wilson



</doc>
<doc id="6971929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971929" title="Georgia State Route 144">
Georgia State Route 144

State Route 144 (SR 144) is an state highway that travels in a west-to-east direction through portions of Appling, Tattnall, Long, Liberty, Bryan counties in the east-central of the U.S. state of Georgia. It connects Baxley with southeastern Bryan County.
Route description.
SR 144 begins at an intersection with US 341/SR 27 just east of Baxley, within Appling County. It heads north on Industrial Park Dr approximately 1.5 miles to an intersection with Lanes Bridge Rd, where SR 144 turns east and resumes its old alignment, through rural areas of the county, until it meets an intersection with SR 121/SR 169. The three routes run concurrent to the northeast, across the Altamaha River into Tattnall County. Just before the concurrency ends is an intersection with SR 178 (Dewey D. Rush Highway). The highway heads northeast into Glennville. It meets SR 23/SR 57 (West Barnard Street). The three routes head concurrent into the main part of town, where they intersect with US 25/US 301/SR 73 (Veterans Boulevard). At this intersection, SR 73 ends, and SR 23/SR 57 split from SR 144 and form a concurrency with US 25/US 301 to the south. After leaving Glennville, the highway crosses into Long County and the boundaries of Fort Stewart. In the fort, it crosses into Liberty County, and has a very brief concurrency with SR 119. It heads northeast through the fort and enters Bryan County. A little ways after the county line, the route curves to the southeast. Immediately after leaving the fort, in Richmond Hill, is an interchange with Interstate 95 (I-95). Farther in town, SR 144 has an intersection with US 17/SR 25. After leaving town, it continues to the southeast and curves to the south to meet SR 144 Spur (Fort McAllister Road), which leads to Fort McAllister Historic Park. The road continues in a southerly direction, through Keller, and on to meet its eastern terminus, on Bryan Neck Road, just north of the intersection of Fancy Hall Drive &amp; Brown Road in the southeastern part of the county.
The only section of SR 144 that is part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility, is the section between SR 119 and I-95.
Spur route.
State Route 144 Spur (SR 144 Spur) is a spur route that exists entirely within the southern part of Bryan County.
It begins southeast of Richmond Hill, at an intersection with the SR 144 mainline. The highway heads east, south of the Ogeechee River until it meets its eastern terminus, the entrance to Fort McAllister Historic Park.
SR 144 Spur is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.

</doc>
<doc id="6971931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971931" title="New York Gilbert &amp; Sullivan Players">
New York Gilbert &amp; Sullivan Players



</doc>
<doc id="6971935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971935" title="Payment in kine">
Payment in kine



</doc>
<doc id="6971936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971936" title="Mary Musselman">
Mary Musselman



</doc>
<doc id="6971937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971937" title="The New York Gilbert &amp; Sullivan Players">
The New York Gilbert &amp; Sullivan Players



</doc>
<doc id="6971942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971942" title="Shrinking penis">
Shrinking penis



</doc>
<doc id="6971949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971949" title="Tony Criscola">
Tony Criscola

Anthony Paul Criscola (July 9, 1915 – July 10, 2001) was an American Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the St. Louis Browns (1942–1943) and Cincinnati Reds (1944). He was a native of Walla Walla, Washington.
Criscola is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He hit very well in his 91 games in 1942, going 47-for-158, a .297 batting average. He didn't fare as well in 1943 and 1944, hitting a combined .211 in 93 games.
Career totals include a batting average of .248, 1 home run, 28 runs batted in, 35 runs, and an on-base percentage of .307. He was a slightly below average fielder for his era (.966), and was used many times as a pinch-hitter during his 3-year MLB career.
Criscola died in La Jolla, California at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="6971950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971950" title="Youngblood (film)">
Youngblood (film)



</doc>
<doc id="6971956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971956" title="Snivel">
Snivel



</doc>
<doc id="6971958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971958" title="Ampalamkunnu">
Ampalamkunnu

Ambalamkunnu is a small temple town in the Indian state of Kerala. It is situated 25 kilometers from Kollam, located at 76.90 °E 9.00 °N. It's a hilly area and houses a large number of temples.
Some of the temples: Valiya Vila Bhagavathy temple, Nettayam Indilayappa swami temple, Meeyanakkavu Devi temple, Kayila Madan Kavu, Cheruvakkal Dharma Saastha temple, Vaaliyode Madan temple, Nelliparampu Sreekrishna Swami temple.
Some of the nearby places are Kottarakara, Roaduvila, Odanavattom, Oyoor, Kottiyam, Chathannoor Anchal, Kulathupuzha, Pooyapally, Veliyam and Punalur.
The main agricultural products of surrounding areas are rubber, rice, wheat black pepper and other spices.
Religion.
The majority of the population belongs to the Hindu religion(60%). The town also has a sizable Muslim(30%) population and the Christian population is around 10%. Among Hindus, Ezhava caste forms the dominant community with 60% of Hindus. The rest are Nairs(17%), Viswakarmas(5%), Dalit(15%). Others form 3%.
Festivals.
The famous festival here is Onam. It's celebrated by all people regardless of their caste and religion. The main festivals among Hindus are Deepavali, vishu and the Karthika festival. Muslims celebrate Valiya Perunnal, Cheriya Perunnal and Nabi Jayanthi. Christmas is celebrated not only by Christians but also by some sections of Hindus too.

</doc>
<doc id="6971959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971959" title="Sports in Pennsylvania">
Sports in Pennsylvania

 
Sports in Pennsylvania includes numerous professional sporting teams, events, and venues located in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
Major league professional teams.
Pennsylvania is home to eight teams from the five major American professional sports leagues.
Major league professional championships.
Philadelphia Eagles (NFL).
3 NFL championships (pre-Super Bowl)
2 Super Bowl titles
Frankford Yellow Jackets (NFL).
1 NFL championship (pre-Super Bowl)
Pittsburgh Steelers (NFL).
6 Super Bowl titles
Philadelphia Flyers (NHL).
2 Stanley Cup titles
Pittsburgh Penguins (NHL).
5 Stanley Cup titles
Philadelphia Athletics (MLB).
5 World Series titles
Philadelphia Phillies (MLB).
2 World Series titles
Pittsburgh Pirates (MLB).
5 World Series titles
Philadelphia Warriors (NBA).
2 NBA Finals titles
Philadelphia 76ers (NBA).
2 NBA Finals titles
Pittsburgh Pipers (ABA).
1 ABA Finals title
Philadelphia Atoms (NASL).
1 Soccer Bowl / NASL Final title
Football.
Football is the most popular sport in Pennsylvania, especially in the Lehigh Valley, Northeastern Pennsylvania, Central Pennsylvania, and Western Pennsylvania. Western Pennsylvania in particular was home to some of the earliest moments in football history, and the earliest professional clubs played in the Western Pennsylvania Professional Football Circuit. Pudge Heffelfinger was the first known professional football player, while John Brallier was the first openly professional player. The Allegheny Athletic Association fielded the first entirely openly professional team in 1896. In 1902, three Pennsylvania teams founded the National Football League (which has no ties to today's NFL), the first attempt at a national professional football league. Jim Thorpe, a multi-sport athlete who played in the NFL and won Olympic gold medals in the pentathlon and decathlon, attended Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania is named after him.
Today, football is popular on all levels, from high school, college, and professionally. The high school games get regular attention in the local newspapers and games regularly draw over 10,000 fans. Pennsylvania produces several college and professional players every year, and Western Pennsylvania is noted for being the home of numerous quarterbacks, including Dan Marino, Joe Montana, and Johnny Unitas.
Professionally, the Pittsburgh Steelers and Philadelphia Eagles of the NFL are also hugely popular. Both franchises entered the NFL in 1933, and the two franchises briefly merged during World War II. Both teams have fan bases across the entire state, and in the case of the Steelers, are one of the most popular sports teams in the United States, if not the world. (This is likely due to that team's dominance in the NFL during the 1970s.) While the Eagles are not quite as popular as the Steelers outside Pennsylvania, they still maintain a passionate fan base in the Philadelphia area and across the United States as they are one of the more popular teams in the NFL. Often one of the rowdiest in the NFL, the Eagles fanbase is known for their passion and dedication. In fact, the Eagles' old home field, Veterans Stadium, was the first sports stadium in the United States to have a jail cell as a result of the rowdiness of the fans, but was removed only a couple years later after incidents settled down. Both fanbases though are considered to be among the best traveled fanbases in the NFL. During games in which the teams are on the road, Steelers fans and Eagles fans alike migrate to the opposing team's stadium and always have a strong presence, and in some cases, their numbers have made opposing teams feel as if they are not in their home stadium—a testament to the die-hard fanbases of professional football in Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania has also been home to two defunct NFL franchises, both of which played in the 1920s. The Pottsville Maroons played in Pottsville, Pennsylvania; the franchise is notable for its part in the 1925 NFL Championship controversy. Frankford (a neighborhood in Philadelphia) also briefly had its own team in the 1920s, known as the Frankford Yellow Jackets. The team won the 1926 NFL Championship, but disbanded during the Great Depression. A third NFL franchise, the Dallas Texans, was briefly headquartered in Hershey, Pennsylvania during the 1952 season. Pennsylvania also had teams in four national leagues that competed with the NFL: the 1920s AFL, the 1930s AFL, the World Football League, and the USFL.
Philadelphia was also home to an Arena Football League team, the Philadelphia Soul who played in the league from 2004 to 2019. Pittsburgh was also the home to one of the founding Arena Football League franchises, the Pittsburgh Gladiators. After four seasons in Pittsburgh, the team moved to Tampa, Florida, in 1991 and became the Tampa Bay Storm. Pittsburgh got another AFL team in 2011, the Pittsburgh Power, which folded in 2014. The Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Pioneers played in the AFL's minor league af2 until that league disbanded in 2009.
In addition to NFL and arena football teams, Pennsylvania is also home to minor professional teams from numerous other leagues. Men's teams include the Chambersburg Cardinals and the Pittsburgh Colts. There are also several women's football teams, including the Keystone Assault, Pittsburgh Passion, and Philadelphia Firebirds.
The Harrisburg Stampede played in the National Arena League before folding, and arena football returns with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Mavericks set to play in Arena Football One.
Baseball.
Baseball is one of the more popular sports in Pennsylvania. The state has both major league and minor league baseball teams. The two major league baseball teams in Pennsylvania are the Philadelphia Phillies and the Pittsburgh Pirates. The Phillies and the Pirates are two of the eight National League franchises that originated in the nineteenth century. As such, the Phillies and the Pirates have had a rivalry for over one hundred years. The rivalry was particularly strong during the 1970s and 1980s, when the two teams frequently competed to win the National League East. The rivalry has cooled off since the Pirates moved to the NL Central in 1994, but the two teams continue to play each other every year. Although the Pirates have won more World Series (five in total), the Phillies won the World Series more recently (in 2008). Both teams have had stretches of success and futility. Pennsylvania is the only state with two teams that are in the same league (National League) but in separate divisions (Pittsburgh in the NL Central and Philadelphia in the NL East).
Philadelphia and Pittsburgh were also the home of numerous defunct and relocated major league franchises, including the American League's Philadelphia Athletics, which moved to Kansas City, Missouri, in the 1950s. The franchise now plays in Oakland, California, as the Oakland Athletics. Pittsburgh briefly hosted a second major league team in the 20th century: the Pittsburgh Rebels played in the Federal League during the fledgling league's two seasons of existence. Altoona also had a short-lived team in the 19th century Union Association. Prior to the integration of Major League Baseball that occurred after World War II, both Philadelphia and Pittsburgh had negro league baseball teams.
Pennsylvania is the original home of Little League Baseball. In 1939, Carl Stotz (1910-1992), founded Little League Baseball in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, and the organization was incorporated in 1950. The Little League World Series is still held for youth teams from the United States and foreign nations in a tournament every year in South Williamsport.
Minor league baseball.
As of 2021, Pennsylvania has nine minor league baseball teams. Six of these teams are affiliates of major league teams, while the remaining teams are independent. Pennsylvania has also been home to minor leagues and minor league teams that are now defunct, such as the Pennsylvania State Association and the Allentown Peanuts. Pennsylvania is also home to two teams in the new MLB Draft League, the State College Spikes and the Williamsport Crosscutters, as well as a collegiate summer baseball in Johnstown, the Johnstown Mill Rats.
Basketball.
 
Unlike the other major professional sports leagues, the National Basketball Association only has one team in Pennsylvania. The Philadelphia 76ers, which relocated from Syracuse, New York, in 1963, have won three NBA championships and, as of 2018, the franchise has won the fifth most championship games in NBA history (tied with the Detroit Pistons and Miami Heat). Philadelphia also hosted another NBA team from 1946 to 1962, the Philadelphia Warriors, but the franchise moved to San Francisco and later became what is now known as the Golden State Warriors.
Pittsburgh briefly had a team in the Basketball Association of America known as the Pittsburgh Ironmen, and an American Basketball Association franchise called the Pittsburgh Condors, but no NBA franchise has ever called Pittsburgh home.
In addition to the 76ers, Pennsylvania also has a few other professional basketball teams. The Erie BayHawks are an NBA G League team affiliated with the NBA's New Orleans Pelicans. This team will play in Erie until moving to its intended permanent home of Birmingham, Alabama, in 2022. The Steel City Yellow Jackets play in the ABA. The Harrisburg Horizon are a member of the Eastern Basketball Alliance, while the Harrisburg Lady Horizon are a member of the Women's Eastern Basketball Alliance.
Pennsylvania has never had a team in the Women's National Basketball Association, the top women's basketball league in the United States.
The Philadelphia area has produced NBA players such as Wilt Chamberlain, Kobe Bryant, and Paul Arizin, while Pete Maravich was from Aliquippa.
Ice hockey.
Due in large part to Pennsylvania's cold winter climate and the state's geographic location in the Northeast, hockey is fairly popular throughout Pennsylvania. In all, seven professional hockey teams call Pennsylvania home, including two NHL teams.
Perhaps the strongest current in-state professional sports rivalry is between the Philadelphia Flyers and the Pittsburgh Penguins, both of which play in the Metropolitan Division of the NHL. With the exception of a seven-year period in the 1970s, the two teams have been divisional rivals since they joined the NHL in the 1967 expansion. The rivalry is generally considered to be one of the fiercest in the NHL. The two franchises have been among the most successful teams since they joined the league, as the Flyers have the most Stanley Cup Finals appearances among the non-Original Six teams, while the Penguins are tied for the third most Stanley Cup wins among non-Original Six teams.
The Hershey Bears are renowned for being the oldest existing AHL franchise, and the oldest existing hockey franchise outside of the NHL's Original Six. The Lehigh Valley Phantoms, also of the AHL, are the primary development team of the Philadelphia Flyers and play their home games at PPL Center in Allentown.
Pennsylvania is notable for being one of the few states with a team in the Canadian Hockey League, and the state was also home to the Western Pennsylvania Hockey League, one of the first professional hockey leagues. In addition to the two current NHL teams that joined the league in the 1960s, Pennsylvania also had an NHL franchise in the 1920s: a hockey team named the Pirates played in the NHL for five seasons before moving to Philadelphia and becoming the Philadelphia Quakers. The franchise disbanded after its only season in Philadelphia. Philadelphia also briefly had a WHA franchise.
A number of notable current and former professional hockey players are Pennsylvania natives: Mike Richter, one of the most successful American-born goaltenders in NHL history; Pete Babando; Bob Beers; Jay Caufield; Ryan Malone; Gerry O'Flaherty; George Parros; Jesse Spring; and R.J. Umberger. Legendary amateur hockey player Hobey Baker, namesake of U.S. college hockey's Hobey Baker Memorial Award, was also born in Pennsylvania.
Soccer.
Pennsylvania has three active professional outdoor soccer teams. Since 2010, Chester, Pennsylvania has been home to the Philadelphia Union of Major League Soccer, the top league in the US Soccer Pyramid. Additionally, Pennsylvania has one team in the second-tier USL Championship (previously the United Soccer League), the Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC, as well as a third-tier team in MLS Next Pro: Philadelphia Union II. The state had a third team in the USL Championship, the Harrisburg-based Penn FC, but that team suspended professional operations for the 2019 season and ultimately folded. Pennsylvania also has several indoor soccer and amateur teams, including the Harrisburgh Heat of the Major Arena Soccer League, Reading United A.C. and the Pittsburgh Riverhounds U23 of USL League Two (formerly the Premier Development League), and numerous teams in the National Premier Soccer League. Pennsylvania also women's teams, including the Lancaster Inferno of the Women's Premier Soccer League. As of 2020, Pennsylvania does not have a team in the top-level women's league, the National Women's Soccer League.
Pennsylvania has a long history with soccer. The first professional American soccer league, the American League of Professional Football, included a team named the "Philadelphia Phillies" (all of the teams were affiliated with National League baseball teams). The original Bethlehem Steel won championships in the National Association Football League and the American Soccer League. Despite disbanding in the 1930s, the club still shares the record (with Maccabi Los Angeles) for most U.S. Open Cup wins, with five. The North American Soccer League, which was perhaps the most prominent American soccer league until the formation of Major League Soccer, had two teams in Pennsylvania: the Philadelphia Atoms and the Philadelphia Fury.
Pennsylvania-based clubs have captured the U.S. Open Cup a total of 14 times, the third-most among states, and Pennsylvania teams have won the National Amateur Cup several times. Pennsylvania has also been home to numerous soccer players, including Walter Bahr, the captain of the U.S. national team at the 1950 FIFA World Cup.
College teams.
There are 15 NCAA Division I schools spread across Pennsylvania. In addition to the Division I schools listed below, there are also several other college athletic programs in Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania is home to several prominent collegiate rivalries. The Penn State–Pittsburgh football rivalry began in the 19th century, and was once considered one of the most important rivalries north of the Mason–Dixon line. Although the two schools have not played as frequently since Penn State and Pittsburgh joined football conferences in the 1990s, the rivalry between the two schools continues to divide the state. Before the 2023–24 season, when a sixth school was officially added to the rivalry, the Philadelphia Big 5 played a basketball round robin every year to determine the top basketball school in the Philadelphia area. The round-robin series has been replaced by a mini-tournament in which each team plays three games. Pittsburgh is also home to a heated basketball rivalry, as Duquesne and Pittsburgh play each other every year in the City Game. The Lehigh Valley is home to a heated college football rivalry so deeply ingrained into both schools' traditions that the annual game is simply known as "The Rivalry."
Since the NCAA tournament began in 1939, Pennsylvania has produced four Division I basketball champions: La Salle won the championship in 1954, while Villanova won the championship in 1985, 2016, and 2018. In football, four different Pennsylvania schools claim Division I FBS championships. Pittsburgh claims nine national titles, Penn claims seven titles, Penn State claims two titles, and Lafayette claims one title. Since the division's formation in 1978, Villanova's 2009 championship is the lone FCS championship won by a Pennsylvania school. Lehigh also has one appearance in the championship game.
List of championships.
The following is a list of championships won by Pennsylvania teams in NCAA Division I FBS football, NCAA Division I men's basketball, and the five major leagues (MLB, NHL, NFL, NBA, NASL/MLS). For football, the list includes Division I (formerly known as the "University Division" and "Division I-A") champions prior to the 1978 split of Division I into two subdivisions (FBS and FCS), and college football champions prior to the 1956 split of the NCAA into divisions. For basketball, the list only includes the winners of the NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament, which began in 1939.
Lacrosse.
Lacrosse in Pennsylvania has a long history. Lehigh, Swarthmore, and Penn were early members of the United States Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association, and lacrosse is now played at many Pennsylvania colleges. Pennsylvania has had professional lacrosse teams such as the Philadelphia Wings and the Pittsburgh Bulls, and the Wings have now returned to action, beginning in 2018.
Bicycle racing.
Pennsylvania hosts the Pro Cycling Tour "Triple Crown of Cycling" bicycle races each June, with the Tom Bamford Lancaster Classic, the Reading Classic, and the Philadelphia International Championship. The PCT is sanctioned by USA Cycling, the national governing body for cycling in the United States. Pennsylvania also hosts the Univest Grand Prix professional bicycle race each year in September, sanctioned by the Union Cycliste Internationale, the worldwide governing body for cycling. The road race starts and finishes in Souderton, while the criterium is located in Doylestown. The Valley Preferred Cycling Center annually hosts a USA Cycling Elite Nationals qualifying event.
Floyd Landis, of Farmersville was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France title due to prohibited doping.
Motorsports.
The Mario Andretti dynasty of race drivers hails from Nazareth, Pennsylvania. Pocono Raceway in Long Pond is home to one NASCAR race weekend a year, the HighPoint.com 400 in July. The track formerly had an IndyCar race weekend, the Pocono 500, and a second NASCAR race weekend, the Pocono 325. Pennsylvania has also seen success in the sport of drag racing in the form of five time NHRA Top Fuel champion Joe Amato
Dirt track racing.
Dirt ovals include Dunn Hill 2 Speedway in Monroeton, Allegheny Mountain Raceway in Kane, Bedford Speedway in Bedford, Big Diamond Raceway in Minersville, Blanket Hill Speedway in Kittanning, Borger's Speedway in Saylorsburg, Bradford Speedway in Bradford, Challenger Raceway in Indiana, Clinton County Raceway in Lock Haven, Clyde Martin Memorial Speedway in Schaefferstown, Dog Hollow Speedway in Strongstown, Eriez Speedway in Erie, Farmington VFD Speedway in Farmington, Gamblers Raceway Park in Clearfield, Grandview Speedway in Bechtelsville, Greenwood Valley Action Track in Millville, Hamlin Speedway in Hamlin, Hesston Speedway in Huntingdon, Hill Valley Speedway in Orbisonia, Hummingbird Speedway in Falls Creek, Lake Moc-A-Tek Speedway in Lakeville, Latrobe Speedway in Latrobe, Lernerville Speedway in Sarver, Lincoln Speedway in Abbottstown, Linda's Speedway in Jonestown (Lebanon County), Marion Center Speedway in Marion Center, McKean County Raceway in East Smethport, Mercer Raceway Park in Mercer, Path Valley Speedway Park in Spring Run, Penn Can Speedway in Susquehanna, Pittsburgh's Pa Motor Speedway in Imperial, Port Royal Speedway in Port Royal, Redline Raceway in Troy, Roaring Knob Motorsports Complex in Markleysburg, Selinsgrove Speedway in Selinsgrove, Shippensburg Speedway in Shippensburg, Silver Spring Speedway in Mechanicsburg [Operated 1953–2005], Snydersville Raceway in Snydersville, Susquehanna Speedway in Newberrytown, The Fairgrounds At Kutztown in Kutztown, Thunder Valley Raceway in Central City, Trail-Way Speedway in Hanover, Tri-City Speedway in Franklin, Williams Grove Speedway in Mechanicsburg, and Windber Speedway in Windber.
Other motorsport venues.
Asphalt ovals in Pennsylvania include Jennerstown Speedway in Jennerstown, Lake Erie Speedway in North East, Mahoning Valley Speedway in Lehighton, Motordome Speedway in Smithton (closed), Mountain Speedway in St. Johns, Nazareth Speedway in Nazareth (closed), and Pocono Raceway in Long Pond, CNB Bank Raceway Park Formerly known as Central PA Speedway Clearfield, Pennsylvania
Drag Strips include Beaver Springs Dragway in Beaver Springs, Lucky Drag City in Wattsburg, Maple Grove Raceway in Mohnton, Numidia Raceway in Numidia, Pittsburgh Raceway Park in New Alexandria, and South Mountain Dragway in Boiling Springs.
Road Courses include Pittsburgh International Race Complex in Wampum, and Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix in Pittsburgh. Pocono Raceway in Long Pond also has a road course that hosts SCCA and other events.
Horse racing.
Pennsylvania has a long history of horse racing, as the sport was one of the few that was not banned in 17th century Pennsylvania. William Penn, the founder of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania, reportedly raced his horses down the streets of Philadelphia. Stephen Foster wrote the song "Camptown Races" about horse racing in Pennsylvania. Philadelphia-area businessman Samuel D. Riddle owned prominent horses Man o' War and War Admiral.
Penn National Race Course in Grantville, Parx Racing in Bensalem, and Presque Isle Downs near Erie offer thoroughbred racing. The Meadows in Pittsburgh, Mohegan Pennsylvania in Wilkes-Barre, and Harrah's Philadelphia in Chester offer harness racing in Pennsylvania.
Smarty Jones, the 2004 Kentucky Derby winner, was owned by Roy Chapman and wife Patricia. Smarty Jones was bred at Chapman's Someday Farm (Patricia explains the name: "Some day we were going to do this and some day we were going to do that. And my husband said, 'I think we ought to call it Someday Farm,' so we did.") near Philadelphia, and had Philadelphia Park (now Parx Racing) as his home course.
Barbaro, the 2006 Kentucky Derby winner, came from Mr. and Mrs. Roy Jackson's Lael Stables in West Grove. After suffering injuries in the Preakness Stakes on May 20, 2006, Barbaro was treated for laminitis. He developed further complications, and was euthanized on January 29, 2007.
Golf.
PGA Tour tournaments in Pennsylvania include the 84 Lumber Classic, played at Nemacolin Woodlands Resort in Farmington, and the Northeast Pennsylvania Classic, played at Glenmaura National Golf Club in Scranton. There is also the PGT (Pittsburgh Golfers Tour) which is people from all over the east coast joining a club where the owner schedules tournaments all over the state.
Arnold Palmer, winner of seven major golf championships and 62 PGA Tour events, was from Latrobe. Jim Furyk, winner of the 2003 U.S. Open and 2010 Tour Championship, grew up near Lancaster.
Wrestling.
Pennsylvania is an area of the United States that features some of the most elite levels of high school wrestling and collegiate wrestling. Many of the top collegiate wrestlers are produced from Pennsylvania, with Pennsylvania's own Pittsburgh Wrestling Classic serving as a national level high school All-Star event, featuring the top PA wrestlers in a dual team match against the top wrestlers from other states in the country. It was started in 1975 as the Dapper Dan Wrestling Classic, sponsored by Dapper Dan Charities. 
During the 2010s, the Penn State Nittany Lions wrestling team won eight national championships. Many Pennsylvania wrestlers have also represented the U.S. on the international circuit, including on Team USA World and Olympic teams. Notable Pennsylvania wrestlers include Kurt Angle (from Mt. Lebanon), Nate Carr (from Erie), Stanley Dziedzic (from Allentown), Carlton Haselrig (from Johnstown), Jake Herbert (from Pittsburgh), Cary Kolat (from Rices Landing), Spencer Lee (from Saegertown), Jason Nolf (from Yatesboro), Jordan Oliver (from Easton), Zain Retherford (from Benton), Ed Ruth (from Harrisburg), Coleman Scott (from Waynesburg), Wade Schalles (from Hollidaysburg), Bobby Weaver (from Easton), and others.
Poker.
Texas Hold 'em Poker.
Texas hold'em poker was found in 2009 not to be gambling under the Pennsylvania Crimes Code by Judge Thomas A. James Jr. in the case of Commonwealth of Pennsylvania vs Walter Watkins.
The case involved a $1/$2 table stakes Texas Hold 'em Poker game with a dealer making tips. The organizers were charged with 20 counts of violating Section 5513 sections (a)(2), (a)(3), and (a)(4), related to "unlawful gambling", and had materials related to the games confiscated by police as "gambling devices". Section 5513 of the Pennsylvania Code makes it a misdemeanor of the first degree for a person to invite or allows other people to gather in a place of his control for the purpose of "unlawful gambling". In his decision, Judge Thomas A. James Jr. stated, "[T]here are three elements of gambling: consideration, chance and reward." The judge found through a four pronged test that skill predominates over chance, and that Texas Hold' em is a game of skill, therefore not gambling.
Specifically, the decision states:
The court finds that Texas Hold 'em poker is a game where skill predominates over chance. Thus, it is not "unlawful gambling' under the Pennsylvania Crimes Code.
Section 5512(d), which provides definitions, states:
As used in this section the term "unlawful" means not specifically authorized by law.
Section 5513 states: (emphasis added)
§ 5513. Gambling devices, gambling, etc.
(a) Offense defined.--A person is guilty of a misdemeanor of the first degree if he:
(1) intentionally or knowingly makes, assembles, sets up, maintains, sells, lends, leases, gives away, or offers for sale, loan, lease or gift, any punch board, drawing card, slot machine or any device to be used for gambling purposes, except playing cards;
(2) allows persons to collect and assemble for the purpose of unlawful gambling at any place under his control;
(3) solicits or invites any person to visit any unlawful gambling place for the purpose of gambling; or
(4) being the owner, tenant, lessee or occupant of any premises, knowingly permits or suffers the same, or any part thereof, to be used for the purpose of unlawful gambling.
Other Poker games.
In the 1949 case of Commonwealth of Pennsylvania V. Silverman, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court ruled that the "Sporadic or casual act of playing cards or betting is not an indictable offense in Pennsylvania."
In 2004, Lackawanna County District Attorney Andy Jarbola was quoted as saying, "it's legal to gather with friends to play poker but it's not legal when the 'house' or an outside party profits from the game."
In 2005, York County District Attorney Stan Rebert was asked about illegal poker games in the York area by the "York Daily Record". He replied that he had not heard of any and that it's not something that he would worry about. "Casual gambling ... that is not illegal", he said, "It's kind of a fine line."
Previous legal challenges and legislative initiatives have taken place, but until recently, none have changed the status of poker in Pennsylvania.
The Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board has published an FAQ page on the legalities of Texas Hold'em Poker for licensed establishments.
Other sports.
Joe Sweeney holds the national Pennsylvania championship for table tennis. After each victory, he celebrates by staring directly into the eyes of his opponent and let's out a classic "surfer dude laugh."
The Delaware Valley was a center of cricket in the United States, with players such as Bart King competing for early 20th century teams such as the Philadelphia Cricket Club.
Pennsylvania has been home to many accomplished boxers, including Tommy Loughran, Joe Frazier, and Bernard Hopkins.
Pennsylvania has also been home to prominent tennis players, such as Donald Johnson and Bill Tilden. The U.S. Pro Indoor was held from 1969 to 1998, and the Advanta Championships of Philadelphia from 1971 to 2005. The Philadelphia Freedoms play in World TeamTennis. Another team, the Pittsburgh Triangles, played in the league in the 1970s.
Pennsylvania has a strong track and field tradition. Events include the Penn Relays and the Pittsburgh Great Race.
Famous swimmers from Pennsylvania include Johnny Weissmuller and Brendan Hansen.
The Professional Inline Hockey Association was founded in Middletown, Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania Typhoon and Harrisburg Lunatics both play in the league. The American Inline Hockey League was founded in Bensalem after the league split off from the Professional Inline Hockey Association. The Delco Demons and the Pittsburgh Bandits play in the AIHL.
The Bucks County Sharks, the Philadelphia Fight and the Pittsburgh Sledgehammers are members of the USA Rugby League, the top rugby league competition in the United States.
The Pennsylvania Rebellion played in the National Pro Fastpitch league, the former professional women's softball league in the United States.
Allentown is home to The Holy Name Cadets of Drum Corps International.
The Pittsburgh Thunderbirds and the Philadelphia Phoenix compete in the Ultimate Frisbee Association.

</doc>
<doc id="6971961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971961" title="Clì Gàidhlig">
Clì Gàidhlig

' (), founded in 1984 as ' (; "the Learners' Society"), is an organisation based in Inverness which seeks to support learners of the Scottish Gaelic language and has campaigned actively to promote the language.
Clì organises classes ranging from "coffee mornings" and one-day conversation courses to Ùlpan and grammar courses throughout Scotland. It also produces materials for learners, including the quarterly magazine "Cothrom" (the name means "a chance" in Gaelic).
Clì was also mentioned in news as lobbying to make the BBC Alba TV channel available on Freeview. One of its members is Alasdair Allan, MSP, currently the Scottish Government's Minister for Learning, Science and Scotland's Languages.
In 2016, Bòrd na Gàidhlig cut Clì out of its budget, and as a result, the organization voted to fold on 12 November 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6971964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971964" title="Kirchworbis, Germany">
Kirchworbis, Germany



</doc>
<doc id="6971971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971971" title="Genital Retraction Syndrome">
Genital Retraction Syndrome



</doc>
<doc id="6971978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971978" title="Lower Xiajiadian culture">
Lower Xiajiadian culture

The Lower Xiajiadian culture (; 2200–1600 BC) is an archaeological culture in Northeast China, found mainly in southeastern Inner Mongolia, northern Hebei, and western Liaoning, China. Subsistence was based on millet farming supplemented with animal husbandry and hunting. Archaeological sites have yielded the remains of pigs, dogs, sheep, and cattle. The culture built permanent settlements and achieved relatively high population densities. The population levels reached by the Lower Xiajiadian culture in the Chifeng region would not be matched until the Liao Dynasty. The culture was preceded by the Hongshan culture, through the transitional Xiaoheyan culture. The type site is represented by the lower layer at Xiajiadian in Chifeng, Inner Mongolia.
Archaeogenetic data shows that "the West Liao River Valley was a contact zone between northern steppe tribes and the Central Plain farming population. The formation and development of the Lower Xiajiadian Culture population was likely a complex process affected by admixture of ethnically different people". The Lower Xiajiadian culture remains displayed high genetic affinity to "Yellow River farmers" but were not identical to them, in contrast, the Upper Xiajiadian remains displayed high genetic affinity to Ancient Northeast Asian Amur hunter-gatherers and later Xianbei. Archaeological and DNA evidence supports examples that the people of the Lower Xiajiadian Culture immigrating to the south and contributed to the gene pool of the Central Plain population during the Bronze Age.
Stone, bone, and pottery artefacts were discovered at Lower Xiajiadian sites, while gold, lead, lacquer, jade, copper, and bronze artefacts are also found. The most commonly found copper and bronze artefacts are dagger-axes with an integrated handle, mace head, piers, knives, and earrings. Mainly small artifacts only were made of bronze, such as dagger and ornaments, with close similarities de the Zhukaigou culture in central Inner Mongolia, or the Qijia culture and the Siba culture in the Hexi Corridor, but major differences from the Erligang culture of the Central Plain. This emerging bronze technology is considered to have been adopted from the Central Asian steppes, and seems to have been key to the introduction of bronze technology into China. The culture had tin-bronze knives, of a type thought to have been developed in Western Siberia before 1900 BCE. In particular, bronze knife technology was probably transferred from the Southern Siberian Munkhkhairkhan culture to various Chinese cultures, such as the Qijia culture, Erlitou culture or Lower Xiajiadian culture, where very similar knives have been found.
Belgian linguist Martine Robbeets proposed that the Lower Xiajiadian culture may have spoken Proto-Mongolic-Tugusic, a hypothetical precursor language to both Mongolic and Tugusic languages, although others contend that it is more likely that the Upper Xiajiadian culture were Proto-Mongolic-Tugusic, rather than Lower Xiajiadian.
People of the Lower Xiajiadian practiced oracle bone divination. The culture prepared its oracle bones by drilling and polishing the bones before heating them. Inscriptions are generally not found on examples of oracle bones of the Lower Xiajiadian.
People had good access to local sources of stone, primarily basalt, which were often used in construction and tool-making. Lower Xiajiadian houses were typically round, made from mud and stone, and were built with stone walls. Lower Xiajiadian settlements were built near and were protected by cliffs or steep slopes. Stone walls were sometimes erected around the non-sloped perimeter of its settlement. Walls were not thick. Walls with watchtowers and were built by sandwiching a rammed earth core with two sides of stone walls.
There are differing views among Chinese specialists on the origins of the people of the northern part of Lower Xiajiadian culture. One view is that they were perhaps related to the Sushen, who the Shang and Zhou named the non-Chinese people from the Northeast. Another view is that they were the Northern tribal conglomerations, like the Shanrong, Guzhu, Guifang, and Tufang.
Professor Jin Jing-fan (of Jilin University) believes that certain parts of Shang culture has its origins in Dongbei. Along with professors Gan Zhi-geng and Guo Dashun, they believe that Lower Xiajiadian contributed to some of the origins of both Shang and Yan cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="6971993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971993" title="Polyhex">
Polyhex

Polyhex can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="6971997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6971997" title="Weymouth High School">
Weymouth High School

Weymouth High School (WHS) is a comprehensive public high school in Weymouth, Massachusetts, United States that serves students in grades nine through twelve. Weymouth High School also offers a Career and Technical Education Program offering such courses as Allied Health, Automotive Technology, Construction Technology, Cosmetology, Culinary Arts, Drafting and Design Technology, Early Childhood Education, Graphic Communications, Information Technology, and Metal Fabrication.
History.
Weymouth High School was first established in 1854. The building that used to house Weymouth High in the early 20th century stood next to the Town Hall on Middle Street. The building that currently houses Weymouth High School opened in 2004 at One Wildcat Way in South Weymouth. This building was the original Weymouth South High School and most recently housed the junior high school students in Weymouth. The old Weymouth South High School is known as the "Maroon Building." The "Gold Building" was newly constructed for the opening in 2004, and was built on the site of the old South Intermediate School. This expansion cost the school approximately $22 million. In June 2021, Weymouth High School was placed into a state program for schools or districts that disproportionately suspend nonwhite students or students with disabilities.
Athletics and activities.
Weymouth High School students partake in a range of after-school clubs and activities. These activities include an active Minds club, a Book Club, the Human Right Coalition, SADD/SALSA club, an Art Club, a Chess Club, a Junior Class club, a Senior Class club, an Asian Student Alliance, DECA, a KPOP club, SkillsUSA, a Jazz Band, an Environmental Club, a Literary Magazine club, a Sophomore Class club, a Marching Band, a Freshman Class club, a Model UN, a Step Dance team, a Best Buddies club, an LGBTQIA+ Student Union, a Multicultural Club, a Student Citizenship club, a Black Student Union, a Homework Hotspot, a robotics team that will compete in a FIRST Robotics Competition, a WHS Theater Company, and a media club 
Graduation.
The minimum number of courses that one must take from 9th–12th grade are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="6972002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972002" title="An Comunn Gàidhealach">
An Comunn Gàidhealach

An Comunn Gàidhealach (; literally "The Gaelic Association"), commonly known as An Comunn, is a Scottish organisation that supports and promotes the Scottish Gaelic language and Scottish Gaelic culture and history at local, national and international levels. The society is closely associated with the Royal National Mòd. The symbol used for An Comunn Gàidhealach is the Irish Sunburst flag at the top also a symbol associated in Irish mythology and the Celtic harp on the bottom right.
History.
It was founded in Oban in 1891 to help preserve and develop the Gaelic language and to establish the Royal National Mòd (Scottish Gaelic: "Am Mòd Nàiseanta Rìoghail"), a festival of Gaelic music, arts and culture modelled originally on the National Eisteddfod of Wales. Today An Comunn encourages the teaching, learning and use of the Gaelic language, and the study and cultivation of Gaelic literature, history, music and art. 
From 1905 to 1922 An Comunn Gàidhealach published a monthly magazine titled "an Deo-Grèine". This was replaced in 1923 by "An Gaidheal" (literally "The Gael") which ran until 1967, when it was continued by the bilingual newspaper "Sruth" until 1970.
Kenneth MacIver was appointed assistant director in 1974.
Its offices are in Inverness and Stornoway and its Patron is King Charles III. The organisation should not be confused with An Comunn Gàidhealach America, Comunn na Gàidhlig, or Bòrd na Gàidhlig.

</doc>
<doc id="6972009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972009" title="Nathan Aleskovsky">
Nathan Aleskovsky

Nathan Aleskovsky (December 21, 1912 – November 11, 1969) was an American journalist who was employed by "The New York Times" in the 1950s. He was working as an assistant to the editor of "The New York Times Book Review" when in January 1956 he was forced to testify before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee, chaired by James O. Eastland, after being fingered in fellow journalist Winston Burdett's testimony. Aleskovsky had worked for the "Times" for five years at the time he was subpoenaed in November 1955.
When Aleskovsky was asked by the committee if he was a Communist he denied "now being a Communist". He refused to say if he had ever belonged to the Party. "The New York Times" asked for and received Aleskovsky's resignation prior to the hearing. Of the 26 subpoenas that came down in November 1955 for the January 1956 hearings 26 of them went to past or present "The New York Times" employees, Aleskovsky was among six who cited the Fifth Amendment as protection from answering the subcommittee's questions.
Aleskovsky was born in Brooklyn to Oscar Aleskovsky and Sarah Horowitz Aleskovsky, Jewish emigrants from Belarus. He married Emma Clarke in Davenport, Iowa, in 1940. He died in a car crash in 1969 at age 57.

</doc>
<doc id="6972018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972018" title="Bangaram class patrol craft">
Bangaram class patrol craft



</doc>
<doc id="6972021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972021" title="Comunn na Gàidhlig">
Comunn na Gàidhlig

Comunn na Gàidhlig (), abbreviated to "CnaG", is an organisation which seeks to promote Scottish Gaelic language and culture.
History.
Comunn na Gàidhlig was founded in 1984 by the Scottish Office to co-ordinate new developments in Gaelic language policy. It has charitable status. It has offices in Stornoway, Inverness, Glasgow, and additional staff based in Uist, Skye, Islay, Edinburgh and Lochaber. Its chief executive is Dòmhnall MacNèill.
Comunn na Gàidhlig should not be confused with An Comunn Gàidhealach, which has a broader cultural remit, or Bòrd na Gàidhlig, a quango.

</doc>
<doc id="6972027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972027" title="Rallus">
Rallus

Rallus is a genus of wetland birds of the rail family. Sometimes, the genera "Lewinia" and "Gallirallus" are included in it. Six of the species are found in the Americas, and the three species found in Eurasia, Africa and Madagascar are very closely related to each other, suggesting they are descended from a single invasion of a New World ancestor.
These are slim, long-billed rails with slender legs. Their laterally flattened bodies are an adaptation to life in wet reedbeds and marshes, enabling them to slip easily through the dense semi-aquatic vegetation. Typically these birds have streaked brown upperparts, blue-grey on the face or breast, and barred flanks. Only the African rail has a plain back, and the plain-flanked rail lacks any blue-grey in its plumage and has no flank bars.
Three endemic South American species are endangered by habitat loss, and the Madagascar rail is becoming rare.
Taxonomy.
The genus "Rallus" was erected in 1758 by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in the tenth edition of his "Systema Naturae". The type species was subsequently designated as the water rail ("Rallus aquaticus"). The genus name "Rallus" comes from the pre-binomial Latin name "Rallus aquaticus" for the water rail used by English ornithologist Francis Willughby in 1676, and by the English naturalist Eleazar Albin in 1731. The precise etymology of the word "Rallus" is uncertain.
Species.
The genus contains 14 extant species:
Formerly in "Rallus".
""R." sumiderensis" apparently refers to prehistoric remains of the Zapata rail ("Cyanolimnas cerverai").

</doc>
<doc id="6972030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972030" title="Polyhex (Transformers)">
Polyhex (Transformers)



</doc>
<doc id="6972034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972034" title="Patrick Porter">
Patrick Porter

Patrick Porter is an American singer/songwriter, novelist, poet, and painter. Born in Murfreesboro, Tennessee, and raised in the isolated mountain town of Bailey, Colorado, Porter began playing music at a young age, often acting as a sit-in drummer for his father's biker bar band.
Musical career.
As a teenager Porter began to write his own songs, recording and distributing hundreds of homemade cassettes of wildly varying disposition and sound quality, both on his own and as a member of the hardcore art-punk band Neglected Lawn. Porter's records began to appear internationally after he signed to Camera Obscura, an Australian indie label who released his first proper full-length CD: "Reverb Saved My Life" (2002) as well as the disc "Reconsidered" (2001) by shoegazer band Phineas Gage, of which he was a short-term member.
After moving to New York in 2003, Porter recorded a handful of discs:"Lisha Kill" (Camera Obscura, 2005), "Maybe Waltz" (Evelyn Records, 2004), and "Skylan Mo" (Asaurus Records, 2004).
In 2006 Porter signed with Greyday Records, an indie label in Portland Oregon, who released the "Die Wandaland LP", in September 2006. The label is also releasing, as two double CDs, the bulk of Porter's work from 2008, a year in which Porter recorded three full-length CDs ("A Swan At Smiley's"; "Cry Me A River, Sing Me A Raft"; and "Goodbye Pork Pie Heart") as well as an EP ("Darlene Evening USA"). The first of these discs, combining "A Swan At Smiley's" and "Cry Me A River, Sing Me A Raft" was released in April, 2009.
Poetry.
Porter is also a poet and novelist. His first book of poetry, "The Intrusive Ache of Morning", was published in 2001 by Chicago's Press of the Third Mind. His second, "Nervous Halo", was published a year later on the late Paul Dilsaver's Arts and Academic Press. He has also written two novels, "Kristallnacht" (2001), and "Apocalypse Later" (2006), as well as a book of short stories called "Hemm Haww" (2009).
Painting.
Porter began painting in the summer of 2006 while living in New York City, selling watercolor/crayon paintings in Union Square Park to make extra money. By the end of the year he was painting full-time and continues to work consistently both through galleries and private commissions.

</doc>
<doc id="6972036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972036" title="Caribbean Law Institute / Caribbean Law Institute Centre">
Caribbean Law Institute / Caribbean Law Institute Centre



</doc>
<doc id="6972041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972041" title="Christ's Church Cathedral (Hamilton, Ontario)">
Christ's Church Cathedral (Hamilton, Ontario)

Christ's Church Cathedral is a cathedral of the Anglican Diocese of Niagara, located at 252 James Street North, in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The parish was established in 1835, with construction for the present building taking place from 1852 to 1873. The cathedral has gone through several expansions and renovations since its opening in 1876.
History.
The parish was established by John Geddes, then the Dean of Niagara, in 1835. The parish's present building was built from 1852 to 1873.
In 1872, the original church facade was demolished for the building of a new cathedral. The new building was elevated to the status of cathedral and formally opened in 1876.
In 2003, Dean Peter Wall performed a wedding for a lesbian couple, whilst the national church was still in the process of debating the blessing of same-sex unions. The Diocesan Synod also had yet to reach any conclusion on the matter, with Bishop Ralph Spence expressing disapproval of the Dean's decision to officiate the wedding. The Diocesan Synod approved the blessing of same-sex unions in 2004. Because of the event, the parish is regarded as queer-friendly by Anglican and Episcopalian LGBT+ advocacy organisation, Integrity.
Design.
Originally a stuccoed wooden Palladian-Baroque structure designed by Robert Charles Wetherall, it was incrementally transformed into stone Decorated Gothic, initially to an 1848 design by William Thomas, with Thomas's chancel and the first two bays of his nave being added to Wetherall's existing wooden church, the resulting hybrid being dubbed "the humpback church." 
In 1872, the original wooden portion was demolished to make room for renovations to the church. The stone gothic nave was completed to a further design by Henry Langley (the architect of some 70 Ontario churches) in 1876, and, "inter alia", the chancel extended in 1924–25.
Meanwhile, Thomas, in a state of indignation over the perverse use to which the Anglicans had put his design, took it to the Presbyterians, who built the still-standing St Paul's Church to Thomas's plan for Christ's Church.
Christ's Church has ornately carved west doors and fine stained glass windows.
Music and arts.
The cathedral is a notable arts, concert, recital and recording venue in Hamilton. Its Gallery 252, operated by the cathedral's arts committee, mounts monthly exhibitions of oils, pastels, charcoal drawings, photography, silk screening and stitchery as a means of introducing to the public artists not yet sufficiently established for commercial galleries. Since 2008, the New Harbours Music Series has organized free public concerts which coincide with the monthly art crawl on James street, including performances from Polmo Polpo, Orphx, Michael Snow, Slither, Steve Hauschildt, Dirty Beaches, Slim Twig, Gasoline Gathers Hands Gathers Friends, Sun Circle, and Jeremy Greenspan.

</doc>
<doc id="6972049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972049" title="Lower Hsia-chia-tien culture">
Lower Hsia-chia-tien culture



</doc>
<doc id="6972057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972057" title="Chu-k'ai-kou culture">
Chu-k'ai-kou culture



</doc>
<doc id="6972063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972063" title="Samuel Weissman">
Samuel Weissman

Samuel Weissman (December 11, 1909 - February 7, 2004) was a long time "New York Times" employee. He worked as the supervisor of indexers at the Times.
Family.
Weissman was married to his wife for 58 years. He had a son named Paul and a daughter-in-law named Lourdes. He also had two grandchildren, Gabriel and Julian.
Career.
He worked for "The New York Times" from August 1935 until his retirement in January 1978.
Controversy.
He was one of 26 "New York Times" employees implicated by Winston Burdett in his testimony before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee during its investigation into Communism in the media. Weissman testified in Jan. 1956 after being subpoenaed in November of the preceding year. In his testimony he denied present Communist Party membership but invoked the Fifth Amendment when asked about past affiliations with the party.
Death.
Weissman died February 7, 2004, at the age of 94.
References.
"Time Magazine" article

</doc>
<doc id="6972064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972064" title="Jenn Forgie">
Jenn Forgie

Jennifer Forgie (born January 4, 1969) is a Canadian actress and singer, who is often credited as Jenn Forgie.
Biography.
Forgie is well known for her anime roles on "Inuyasha", as Jakotsu, the homosexual member of The Band of Seven and "Ranma ½" as Tsukasa. She also played May Kanker and Nazz von Bartonschmeer during the third season of the animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy". However, the creator, Danny Antonucci, preferred Nazz and May's previous voice, Erin Fitzgerald, and had her flown to Canada to replace her for future episodes. She has also appeared in a TV movie about "Flight 93".

</doc>
<doc id="6972069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972069" title="Burlington Northern-Santa Fe Railroad">
Burlington Northern-Santa Fe Railroad



</doc>
<doc id="6972076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972076" title="St. Louis-San Francisco Railroad">
St. Louis-San Francisco Railroad



</doc>
<doc id="6972079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972079" title="Cleve Jones">
Cleve Jones

Cleve Jones (born October 11, 1954) is an American AIDS and LGBT rights activist. He conceived the NAMES Project AIDS Memorial Quilt, which has become, at 54 tons, the world's largest piece of community folk art as of 2020. In 1983 at the onset of the AIDS pandemic, Jones co-founded the San Francisco AIDS Foundation, which has grown into one of the largest and most influential advocacy organizations empowering people with AIDS in the United States.
Early life.
Jones was born in West Lafayette, Indiana. He moved with his family to Scottsdale, Arizona, when he was 14 and was a student at Arizona State University for a time. Jones claimed, however, he never really accepted the Phoenix area as his home. His father was a psychologist and his mother was a Quaker, a faith she held at least in part to benefit her son in the era of the draft for the Vietnam War. He did not reveal his sexual orientation to his parents until he was 18.
His career as an activist began in San Francisco during the turbulent 1970s when, as a newcomer to the city, he was befriended by pioneer gay-rights leader Harvey Milk. Jones worked as a student intern in Milk's office while studying political science at San Francisco State University. During the 1970s, Jones was also involved in the Coors boycott.
Career.
In 1981, Jones went to work in the district office of State Assemblyman Art Agnos. In 1982, when AIDS was still a new and largely underestimated threat, Jones co-founded the San Francisco AIDS Foundation, then called the Kaposi's Sarcoma Research and Education Foundation, with Marcus Conant, Frank Jacobson, and Richard Keller. They reorganized as the San Francisco AIDS Foundation in 1984.
Jones conceived the idea of the AIDS Memorial Quilt at a candlelight memorial for Harvey Milk in 1985 and in 1987 created the first quilt panel in honor of his friend Marvin Feldman. The AIDS Memorial Quilt has grown to become the world's largest community arts project, memorializing the lives of over 85,000 Americans killed by AIDS.
Jones ran for a position on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in the November 3, 1992 election.
Jones has been working with UNITE HERE, the hotel, restaurant, and garment workers' labor union on homophobia issues. He is a driving force behind the Sleep With The Right People campaign, which aims to convince LGBT tourists to stay only in hotels that respect the rights of their workers. Another part of Jones's work with UNITE HERE is making the labor movement more open to LGBT members.
In an interview in November 2016 with Terry Gross on NPR radio talk show "Fresh Air", Jones described his status as HIV-positive, and said while he first learned of his status when tests for infection came out in the 1980s, he was likely infected with the virus around the winter of 1978 or 1979, based on blood samples collected from him as part of a study he volunteered for.
In the same interview, Jones also talked about the time when he became seriously ill, and how he responded rapidly to the "cocktail" of drugs that fought the virus, in the earliest trials of it. He described his present health as good. The interview was based on Jones's book, "When We Rise: My Life in the Movement", and the television program "When We Rise", broadcast in February and March 2017 on ABC in the USA. A theme of the interview was that activism saved his life, as he was in the early drug trials, part of the group pushing the FDA (US Food and Drug Administration) to stop doing double-blind trials as soon as it was clear that the cocktail of drugs saved lives.
Film, theater and major parades.
Jones is portrayed by actor Emile Hirsch in "Milk", director Gus Van Sant's 2008 biopic of Harvey Milk. He is prominently featured in "And the Band Played On", Randy Shilts's best-selling 1987 work of non-fiction about the AIDS epidemic in the United States. Jones was also featured in the 1995 documentary film "The Castro".
Jones took part in a documentary, "Echoes of Yourself in the Mirror", about the HIV/AIDS epidemic, speaking during World AIDS Day in 2005. In the documentary he talks about the idea behind the AIDS Memorial Quilt, as well as the activism of San Francisco citizens in the 1970s and '80s to help people affected by AIDS and to figure out what the disease was. The film also looks at the impact HIV/AIDS is having in communities of color, and the young.
He was one of the Official Grand Marshals of the 2009 NYC LGBT Pride March, produced by Heritage of Pride joining Dustin Lance Black and Anne Kronenberg on June 28, 2009. In August 2009, Jones was an official Grand Marshal of the Vancouver Pride Parade.
He participated as an actor in the Los Angeles premiere of "8", a condensed theatrical re-enactment of the "Perry v. Schwarzenegger" trial's closure, on March 3, 2012. He is portrayed by actors Austin P. McKenzie and Guy Pearce in the 2017 ABC television miniseries "When We Rise", directed by Gus Van Sant. He also had a cameo appearance playing himself in "" in 2016. Additionally, Jones is portrayed by actor Augustus Oicle in the 2023 Showtime limited series, "Fellow Travelers", in the episode titled "White Nights."

</doc>
<doc id="6972082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972082" title="Dick Pick">
Dick Pick



</doc>
<doc id="6972091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972091" title="Richard Pick">
Richard Pick



</doc>
<doc id="6972097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972097" title="ROC propaganda">
ROC propaganda



</doc>
<doc id="6972102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972102" title="Diaphorapteryx">
Diaphorapteryx



</doc>
<doc id="6972110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972110" title="SERVO Magazine">
SERVO Magazine

SERVO Magazine is a monthly robotics publication produced by T&amp;L Publications. The first issue appeared in November 2003. "SERVO Magazine" was a primary sponsor behind the Tetsujin competition, a contest where teams were challenged to design robotic exoskeletons capable of lifting weights.
Columns.
"SERVO Magazine" has a number of recurring columns that deal with various areas of robotics:
Sponsorship.
"SERVO Magazine" has been an active member of the robotics community, sponsoring such events as the FIRST Robotics Competition, the Robonexus robotics convention, and the Tetsujin robotics competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6972117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972117" title="Aleksander Filimonov">
Aleksander Filimonov



</doc>
<doc id="6972125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972125" title="PANS-OPS">
PANS-OPS

PANS-OPS is an air traffic control acronym which stands for" Procedures for Air Navigation Services – Aircraft OPerationS". PANS-OPS are rules for designing instrument approach and departure procedures. Such procedures are used to allow aircraft to land and take off when instrument meteorological conditions (IMC) impose instrument flight rules (IFR).
ICAO rules.
The Flight Safety section of International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) is responsible for PANS-OPS, which outlines the principles for airspace protection and procedure design to which all ICAO signatory states must adhere. The regulatory material surrounding PANS-OPS may vary from country to country.
Handling of obstacles.
Chapter 4 of Annex 14 to the Convention on International Civil Aviation "[establishes] a series of obstacle limitation surfaces that define the limits to which objects may project into the airspace" surrounding an aerodrome. PANS-OPS defines "protection surfaces" which are imaginary surfaces in space that guarantee an aircraft a certain minimum obstacle clearance, similar to the purpose of obstacle limitation surfaces (OLS) in Annex 14. These surfaces may be used as a tool for local governments in assessing building development. Where buildings may (under certain circumstances) be permitted to penetrate the OLS, they cannot be permitted to penetrate any PANS-OPS surface, because the purpose of these surfaces is to guarantee that aircraft operating under instruments are free of obstacles on an approach or departure.
History of Pans-Ops software.
In 1989 the very first commercially available off the shelf instrument procedure design software (Wavionix) conforming to ICAO document 8168 Pans-Ops was programmed by Ian Whitworth. This software was first demonstrated at Bailbrook College in Bath, England in 1992 to a procedure design course. Prior to this all procedure design was done with pencil, tracing paper and a calculator. The software was programmed on a 386 IBM laptop computer and written in the "LISP" programming language.
PANS-OPS software Nowadays.
On the internet, you can find examples of modern PANS operations, as well as the software and language used to program them:
1) FPDAM from IDS AirNav (an ENAV group company), used in more than 80 organizations, among ANSP/CAA, military agencies
2) AirNavCAD (Online software). Used in Europe, Asia, America and Australia to make PANS-OPS.
3) ASAP – PHX – Used by CAAs in 13 countries and 9 ANSPs throughout the world

</doc>
<doc id="6972131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972131" title="William A. Price">
William A. Price

William A. Price (April 20, 1915 – April 29, 2009) was an American journalist who worked as the United Nations correspondent and, later, police reporter for the "New York Daily News" from 1940-1955. He is one of many journalists to be fired and labeled as outcasts because of their alleged affiliations with the Communist Party.
Military service.
During WWII, Price flew planes for the U.S. Navy.
Senate subpoena.
Price was subpoenaed by and testified before the U.S. Senate Internal Security Subcommittee in November 1955. He was one of dozens of journalists who were subpoenaed in November 1955 due to Winston Burdett's testimony before the subcommittee earlier that summer.
Unlike some of the other writers and news employees called before the subcommittee Price avoided invoking the protections of the Fifth Amendment to avoid answering questions, instead standing behind the First Amendment. He simply refused to answer any questions, telling the subcommittee that they lacked jurisdiction to inquire about his political opinions. The "Daily News" Executive Editor Richard Clarke immediately fired Price by telegram, saying his testimony had "destroyed [his] usefulness" to the "News".
His attempt to invoke the First Amendment was overruled by Senator James O. Eastland multiple times. Due to his testimony Price was indicted on charges of contempt of Congress, along with journalists Alden Whitman and Robert Shelton. Price was eventually convicted of the charge and was sentenced to three months in jail and a fine of $500.
Personal life.
Price was an activist for tenant rights on the Upper West Side of Manhattan for over forty years. He was a direct descendant of the American revolutionary William Henry and one of the founders of Scranton, Pennsylvania: Charles Scranton. His cousin, George Polk, a foreign correspondent for CBS, was honored on a U.S. postage stamp in 2008.
Further reading.
A Flight Along America's Highways 
Marton, Kati: The Polk Conspiracy; Farrar, Straus and Giroux, New York, 1990
Polk, William Roe: Polk's Folly, An American Family History; Anchor Books, New York, 2000
Vlanton, Elias and Mettger, Zak: Who Killed George Polk?; Temple University Press, Philadelphia, PA 1996

</doc>
<doc id="6972135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972135" title="Vivo TV">
Vivo TV

Vivo TV is a Brazilian pay television provider, owned by the Spanish telecommunications company Telefónica, through its subsidiary in the country, Vivo. It provides digital cable, satellite and IPTV services.
Grupo Abril's TVA was founded in 1991, available in the cities of São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Niterói, Curitiba, Foz do Iguaçu, Porto Alegre, Florianópolis, and Balneário Camboriú. The Spanish telecommunications operator Telefónica gained approval from Brazil's telecommunications regulator to buy Pay-TV assets from Grupo Abril's TVA, and Telefónica TV Digital along with TVA is now Vivo TV.
TVA also provided Cable modem, Broadband Internet access and Wi-Fi connections.

</doc>
<doc id="6972141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972141" title="Max Marshall (baseball)">
Max Marshall (baseball)

Milo May "Max" Marshall (September 18, 1913 – September 16, 1993) was a professional baseball outfielder. He played three seasons in Major League Baseball, primarily as a right fielder, for the Cincinnati Reds from 1942 to 1944. He was a native of Randolph, Iowa.
Marshall is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He was a regular for the Reds during most of his 2½ years with the team. In 1942 he finished in the league's top ten for sacrifice hits, and in 1943 did the same for triples and stolen bases.
Career totals include 329 games played, 311 hits, 15 home runs, 105 RBI, 140 runs, a .245 batting average, and a slugging percentage of .339. He was an average defensive outfielder for his era, and in his 317 appearances had a fielding percentage of .975. One defensive highlight was 12 assists in 1943.
Marshall died in Salem, Oregon at the age of 79.

</doc>
<doc id="6972143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972143" title="Scrap paper">
Scrap paper



</doc>
<doc id="6972161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972161" title="Ukraine parliamentary crisis, 2006">
Ukraine parliamentary crisis, 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6972164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972164" title="George III (ship)">
George III (ship)

George III was a British penal transportation convict ship launched in 1810 in London. She was wrecked while transporting convicts from England to the Australian Colonies. She was wrecked in the southern end of the D'Entrecasteaux Channel, Van Diemen's Land; 134 of the 294 people on board died.
Career.
Captain Alexander Scott acquired a letter of marque on 4 August 1810. "George III" entered "Lloyd's Register" ("LR") in 1810 with Scott, master, Sir S. Clark, owner, and trade London–Jamaica.
Loss.
"George III" sailed from Woolwich on 14 December 1834 for Hobart Town, Van Diemen's Land, under the command of Captain William Hall-Moxey, with a total of 308 persons on board. There were 220 male convicts, plus guards, their families, and crew. On 27 January 1835, a fire broke out while "George III" was nearing the equator. It was extinguished with only great difficulty and all on board were put on reduced rations as the fire had destroyed part of the ship's stores. An unbalanced diet caused an outbreak of scurvy and fourteen convicts died before the ship reached the coast of Van Diemen's Land on the morning of 12 March 1835.
To avoid being blown offshore and thus delaying arriving in Hobart Town, the master decided to enter the tortuous D'Entrecasteaux Channel between Bruny Island and the Tasmanian mainland. At about 9.15 pm that evening "George III" hit a rock and over a period of several hours broke up in the heavy swell. The convicts were kept below to allow the women and children to be safely evacuated by the ship's boats. The guards fired their guns to quell rising panic; this gunfire is believed to have killed between one and three of the convicts. Many others drowned below decks, including many of the sick in their beds. One hundred and thirty three people died in the disaster, of whom 128 were convicts.
Inquiry.
An inquiry refused to ascribe blame for the disaster. The disaster did, however, result in renewed efforts to accurately prepare nautical charts of the Tasmanian coast so that mariners were warned of its many hazards to shipping, and the tightening up of regulations concerning provisions for the transport of convicts.
The tragedy of "George III" and others in the vicinity led to calls for a light to assist mariners navigate through the area. The result was the Cape Bruny Lighthouse which was completed in 1838.
Legend.
Local beliefs are that convicts were released into the sea and shot by the ship's officers, "A ten-year-old cabin boy was saved by the captain's wife who hid him under her dress. He was the only convict who survived the wreck." It seems this story is a verbal history artefact conflating various elements such as a lithograph of the wreck. Many former convicts settled in this part of Tasmania and the local legend would have been coloured by their attitudes.
"Forty Juveniles were among the 220 convicts, but the Captain's wife was not on board the ship." More than likely this part of the legend relates to a painting by H. E. Dawes, which was also produced as a lithograph, depicting a soldier's wife, Mrs Martin, heroically described:
The lithograph is also inaccurate in that all the survivors had been rescued by the next morning, rather than "48 hours". "George III" had been anchored after it hit a submerged rock, the ship was lying on its side in shallow water with the survivors perched on the high side. The ship's longboat made two trips to shore and the schooner "Louisa" arrived from Hobart Town, alerted by the ship's cutter which had been sent by Captain Moxey to get help. The lithograph, too, is a verbal history artefact with typical melodrama.
Memorial.
A memorial plaque is dedicated to "George III" at the Tasmanian Seafarers' Memorial at Triabunna on the east coast of Tasmania, approximately north-east of Hobart.
The plaque contains the following text:
There is also a tourist sign at Southport which has recently been updated as an Australian Government initiative. Previously a sign here alleged a massacre of convicts by ships officers. The new sign states: "Despite much public disquiet and allegations in the press, an enquiry into the circumstances of the wreck and the alleged shootings failed to prove any wrong-doing".
Another monument is to be found at Southport Bluff, accessible by Ida Bay railway and then a walking path (three hours return). Due to conservation concerns this monument can not currently be visited.

</doc>
<doc id="6972170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972170" title="Chapin, New York">
Chapin, New York



</doc>
<doc id="6972179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972179" title="Jodi Martin">
Jodi Martin

Jodi Miranda Martin is an Australian singer-songwriter. Her professional music career began in mid-1996 while she was still a student, when she was the opening act for Arlo Guthrie's first Australian tour. "Brisbane Times" called her "one of Australia's most up and coming singer songwriters." She has been influenced by Joni Mitchell and compared to Tracy Chapman and Suzanne Vega.
Career.
1980–1996: Early years and career beginnings.
Martin grew up in Ceduna. She began spontaneously composing songs as a three-year-old. By the time she was four, her mum, a schoolteacher, had taken notice of Jodi's compositions and suggested Jodi record the songs on her cassette machine.
Jodi grew up listening to her parents' country and folk record collection from Slim Dusty to Johnny Cash to Bob Dylan. By the time Jodi was sixteen, she had taken up guitar and her brother Tony, who was two years younger, had taken up drums. Jodi taught her twelve-year-old sister Robyn bass guitar, and the teenagers began performing their original songs, along with rock and country covers from Cold Chisel to Kenny Rogers in the pubs and football clubs across South Australia.
At the age of sixteen, Jodi began to receive invitations to perform at country music showcases and festival talent quests. Jodi met Kasey and Nash Chambers of The Dead Ringer Band at the Victor Harbour Country Music Festival, and they shared stories of growing up on the Nullarbor Plain. Nash asked Jodi to send him a recording of her songs, which culminated in Kasey recording Jodi's song "Why" for the Dead Ringer Band's album "Homefires" in 1995.
In 1995, Jodi enrolled in Southern Cross University’s contemporary music course to further her studies in songwriting and composition, as well as audio production
At the age of 19, Jodi was playing a set at the Lismore Festival's Unplugged stage, which led to her supporting Arlo Guthrie on his 1996 Australian tour.
1997–present: Recording career.
In 1997, Jodi released "Sandcastles". In 2000, Jodi released "Water and Wood". The album won the North Coast Entertainment Industry's Dolphin Award for Album of the Year in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="6972187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972187" title="Igor Lediakov">
Igor Lediakov



</doc>
<doc id="6972189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972189" title="Callian">
Callian

Callian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6972190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972190" title="An Comunn Gaidhealach">
An Comunn Gaidhealach



</doc>
<doc id="6972192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972192" title="Richard O. Boyer">
Richard O. Boyer

Richard O. Boyer (10 January 1903 – 7 August 1973) was an American freelance journalist.
Background.
Richard Owen Boyer was born on January 10, 1903, in Chicago. 
Career.
Boyer worked at various newspapers, including the "St. Louis Post Dispatch", "Boston Herald", "New Orleans Item", and "Dallas Times Herald".
Boyer co-founded the Boston Newspaper Guild. 
He contributed to "The New Yorker" magazine during the 1930s and 1940s.
In the late 1940s, he was foreign correspondent for "PM" newspaper in Germany, France, Italy, and Central America. He was also editor of "U.S. Week."
In 1948, he was an editor of the cultural monthly magazine "Masses &amp; Mainstream".
Before appearing at a Senate hearing, he had written for the "Daily Worker". He was implicated in Winston Burdett's June 1955 testimony before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee hearings as a Communist. The Senate subpoenaed Boyer in November 1955 and he testified the next January. At the hearing, Boyer refused to answer questions about his affiliations with the Communist Party, under the protection of the First and Fifth Amendment. He was one of many witnesses in 1956 called by the Subcommittee in an "inquiry into New York press. To questions of whether he was a Communist or whether others were party members, the write invoked both his First and Fifth Amendments. Privately, however, Boyer identified himself as a Communist, saying that he had been a party member from the 1930s until 1956, when Nikita Khrushchev, the then Soviet leader, disclosed the secrets of the Stalin regime."
Death.
Boyer died age 70 on August 7, 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="6972193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972193" title="Arleta High School">
Arleta High School

Arleta High School (AHS) is a secondary school located on Van Nuys Boulevard in the Arleta section of Los Angeles, California, United States in the San Fernando Valley.
History.
The school opened on October 3, 2006, serving grades 9 through 10 during its first year of operation. It is part of the Los Angeles Unified School District. The school phased in grade 11 in the fall of 2007 and grade 12 in the fall of 2008. In June 2009, the first class graduated.
The school houses three small schools: Social Justice (SJ), Science Math and Related Technologies (SMART), and Visual and Performing Arts (VAPA).
All three schools utilize block scheduling where students take four 82-minute classes a day. Students finish a year's study in sixteen weeks. Arleta High School is recognized as one of the California Gold Ribbon Schools by the California Department of Education.
Throughout the 4-year term, students are required to create a portfolio of all of their academic successes and present it in order to graduate and participate in the graduation ceremony. Transfer students must complete an essay of their academic success from their previous high school(s) and continue to complete their portfolio as much as possible.
On Tuesdays the school encourages students to dress professionally as a preparation in career seeking, many benefits include good participation grading, priority to receive lunch, certificates and more.
Athletics.
Arleta High School Athletics is part of the East Valley League of the CIF Los Angeles City Section. Fall sports include football, girls volleyball, cross country. Winter sports include basketball, soccer, and traditional competition cheer. Spring sports include track and field, golf, softball, baseball, boys volleyball, and game day competition cheer. Arleta High School's dance team performs and trains all year round.
In 2024 Arleta's cheer team won the state CIF title.

</doc>
<doc id="6972194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972194" title="Gobelins tapestry">
Gobelins tapestry



</doc>
<doc id="6972203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972203" title="Constance Hauman">
Constance Hauman

Constance Hauman (born 1961) is a soprano. She attended Northwestern University. Constance Hauman performed the title role in the live recording of Alban Berg's "Lulu" (Chandos) made in Copenhagen in 1996 at the Queen of Denmark's Castle. Shifting from her longstanding classical career, Constance Hauman's first full-length release of original songs, "Falling into Now," was chosen by the Guardian UK Music Critic Caroline Sullivan as one of the top 10 best pop albums of 2015, coming in at No. 8 between Mark Ronson and Florence and The Machine.
Overview.
Constance Hauman has over 2500 international performances to her credit, portraying over 70 diverse roles in opera, music theater and symphonic works.
December 2019 she made her Vienna Statsoper (Vienna Opera) debut in the role of Queen Elizabeth, Purity and Friend of Orlando's son in Olga Neuwirth's world premiere of Virginia Wolff's "Orlando". She was featured as Artist of the week in Opera Wire for these roles and her unusual career which spans Opera, rock, pop, jazz and funk. 
In 2003–2004, Hauman sang the World Premiere of Alice/Renee in Olga Neuwirth and Elfriede Jelinek's stage adaptation of David Lynch's film "Lost Highway". This production was a special event to honor the city of Graz, Austria as the Cultural City of Europe 2003. Performances continued in Basel Switzerland and the recording on Kairos was a recipient of France's esteemed Diaspon d'Or music award in Paris.
Leonard Bernstein handpicked Hauman to fill in on 24 hrs. notice to replace an ailing June Anderson in the only concerts where he conducted his operetta "Candide" himself. This performance catapulted her to over 150 performances of Cunégonde in "Candide" over a 6-year period.
Equally sought after on the symphonic and philharmonic stages, she has appeared and recorded with the Berlin Philharmonic, Chicago Lyric Opera; Chicago Symphony; San Francisco Symphony; London Symphony; New York City Opera, Los Angeles Opera, Long Beach Opera, Pittsburgh Opera, Dallas Opera, Washington National Opera, Michigan Opera Theater, Miami Opera, Toledo Opera, Spoleto Festival Charleston S.C.; Canadian Opera; English National Opera, Welsh National Opera, London Sinfonietta; Opéra de Nice, Opéra de Marseille, Opéra de Tours, Opéra de Nantes, Opéra de St-Étienne, Opéra du Rhin, Opéra de Montpellier, Théâtre des Champs-Élysées, Opéra Comique, Opéra National de Paris; Opera de Roma, Teatro Communale Florence; Spoleto Festival; Spanga Festival Holland; Japan Philharmonic; Royal Danish Radio Orchestra; Hong Kong Festival; Orquesta di Lisboa, Portugal; VARA Radio Orchestra, Amsterdam.
Hauman made her theatrical debut as Florence Foster Jenkins in "Souvenir, A Fantasia on Florence Foster Jenkins" at The Falcon Theatre in Burbank CA, February 2009 to critical acclaim. She was nominated as best performance in a duo comedy by LA Theatre Awards.
Hauman is a Richard Tucker Award recipient, and a 2008 recipient of an Alumni Merit Award from Northwestern University.
"Exiles in Paradise".
Constance Hauman is the creator, writer, producer, performer of "Exiles in Paradise", a documentary film/live performance recital with string quartet which spans the history, lives and Hollywood stories of Eastern Europe's exiled composers in Los Angeles from 1932 to 1949. "Exiles" opened up the Jewish Museum in Berlin on September 10, 2001; it has been performed at the 92nd St.Y. NYC; Austrian Embassy, Washington D.C.; and in 2006 for a run of performances at the Falcon Theater (Garry Marshall) in Burbank, CA. Most recently, Exiles in Paradise was performed in Pinehurst, North Carolina, featuring soloists from the Carolina Philharmonic.
Recordings.
Constance Hauman can be heard on the following record labels: American Classics (Milken Archives), Capitol (Empire of the Sun/LUX), Chandos (Lulu), Kairos (Lost Highway), Teldec (Parsifal), Sony (Madame Butterfly) and Isotopia Records ("Falling Into Now", "High Tides", "Rare Christmas", "The Quarantine Trilogy, waves 1, 2 &amp; 3", "Tropical Thunderstorm"; "Bad Get Some" and "Feed the Wolf")
Shifting from her classical roots, "Falling into Now" is Constance Hauman's first full-length release on her label Isotopia Records. It is also the first album by Ms. Hauman as a singer-songwriter, pianist, arranger and producer. Featuring 14 original songs from her catalogue of over 200 songs and arrangements, "Falling into Now" fuses the genres of pop, jazz, orchestral and alternative blue-eyed soul. Ms. Hauman is joined by renowned drummer/percussionist Ross Pederson who also partners with Ms. Hauman as co-arranger/producer and as co-composer for the title track. "Falling into Now" was released on October 30, 2015, in the United States and on December 2, 2015, in UK/Europe and Asia. In July 2015, Isotopia Records became an imprint of the Irish label Heresy Records and has worldwide digital and physical distribution with Naxos. A deluxe version of "Falling Into Now" was released on Spotify October 8, 2018, to coincide with the success of the album's launch to non-commercial radio.
Constance's second vocal solo album of original works titled "High Tides," again with Ross Pederson, was released on Isotopia/Heresy Records January 25, 2019, to critical acclaim in both the US and Germany "Extraordinary craftsmanship as a songwriter...undeniable talent...Astounding...Inspired Music that floods the listeners’ consciousness”—Musikreviews.de
Her third album "The Quarantine Trilogy, (1st and 2nd waves)" released May 29 and August 28, 2020, marked Hauman's foray as a solo pianist and her first recording of purely instrumental music. The album features Hauman on keyboards with Pederson and his wife bassist Julia Adamy. The album of pre lockdown improvisations between Hauman and Pederson, completed in social distanced home studios was inspired by her personal experience of COVID-19 and recent traumatic political events.
Hauman/Pederson followed up the series with "The Quarantine Trilogy," the 3rd wave October 30, 2020.
January 2021 Isotopia released Hauman/Pederson single "Taking Some Steps Ahead" which went to #1 on New Age Radio. The full length album "Tropical Thunderstorm" was released in March 2021 and featured in May on NPR's 'Play It Forward' when the legendary George Clinton 'played it forward' to Constance Hauman's multi-genre talents. Hauman then was featured on NPR July 7, 2021 and the program was repeated November 26, 2021.
2021 closed out with her single "Rare Christmas" breaking #22 on top 40 Adult Contemporary Radio Charts and #28 on The Hot 100 for ACR.
2022 has seen The title track to Tropical Thunderstorm chart to #1 on Music Weekly's Indie Singles top 40 chart in July 2022 as well as hit #24 on the ACR Hot 100.
2023 Her Single 'Good To Be Back Together Again' produced with Pederson, charted on Satellite FM Paris And Big Ear Radio UK
January 2024 she released her dance EP 'Queen of the Night' taking original tracks produced by Jimmy Harry (RuPaul's Supermodel) and Hauman in the 1990's: Mozart's Queen of Night Arias, Carl Orff's Carmina Burana's Stetit Puella remixed by Ross Pederson and a new track L'Amour written by Hauman produced by Pederson using the lyrics from Carmen's famous Habanera aria.
2025 Hauman became a Grammy-nominated Producer for George Clinton's Audible book '..And your Ass will Follow' 
Constance is executive producer for first live full-length in-concert Parliament Funkadelic album in 40+ years which will be released March 2026 a belated commemoration of 50 years of Parliament Funkadelic and Maggot Brain taken from their live concert at the Roundhouse in London in 2018.
Producer/Music Director.
Besides producing her own solo album projects, Constance is the music director, keyboardist, producer and co-arranger and co-songwriter for the indie soul, rock, funk band Miss Velvet and The Blue Wolf, producing their debut album, "BAD GET SOME," at the iconic United Sound Systems Studio in Detroit, Michigan. "BAD GET SOME" was released on Isotopia Records October 27, 2017, with a debut performance opening for George Clinton and Parliament Funkadelic on Halloween 2017 at BB King's NYC. After this performance George Clinton invited Miss Velvet and The Blue Wolf to join him on his final tour in 2018, opening for him in 60 US and European/UK cities. Miss Velvet and The Blue Wolf continued to tour with the legendary icon to Hawaii, Japan and Australia in April 2019. Their second album "FEED THE WOLF," also produced by Ms Hauman features George Clinton on the track and music video "PHAT BLUNT." George Clinton was a recipient of the 2019 Grammy Lifetime achievement Award.
Despite 3 singles breaking 20 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Indicator Chart in the spring and fall of 2020, the band broke up when Miss Velvet abruptly quit in June 2021. 
The band re-formed and has performed as the Blue Wolf Experience, The Blue Wolf Extinction and currently The Blu Eye Extinction. 
The Blu Eye Extinction joined a 10 city UK tour with George Clinton and Parliament Funkadelic in May 2022 and a 29 city US tour on his One Nation Under A Groove tour. 
Blu Eye Extinction released a 10 track album produced by Hauman and bassist James Jones. 
The cover art for the exclusive vinyl packaging by upcoming L.A. artist KG Marquel received critical acclaim as did the album as 'the new band to watch' (George Clinton Relix Magazine) The band continued to open for Parliament Funkadelic and Fishbone throughout 2023.
Films.
Constance can be seen as Kate Pinkerton in Frédéric Mitterrand's critically acclaimed film "Madame Butterfly" (1995).
Initially commissioned for the Danish production of Alban Berg’s "Lulu", Lewis Klahr's cut-out animation refigures the opera's themes in a torrent of images featuring Ms. Hauman as Lulu. With an ever-inventive approach to color and symbol, Klahr distills the title character's moral predicament, along with a great many of German Expressionism's characteristic motifs, in the span of a pop song. The film received many awards and accolades from several international film festivals after its debut in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="6972205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972205" title="Imperium Silver Crystal">
Imperium Silver Crystal



</doc>
<doc id="6972207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972207" title="Mindi">
Mindi

Mindi is a suburb area in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.
Entertainment.
Globex Shopping Mall is at NH Road accessible here. There is a multiplex with 5 screens.
Transport.
APSRTC buses are available here from city.

</doc>
<doc id="6972221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972221" title="United Nations Association of Australia">
United Nations Association of Australia

The United Nations Association of Australia (UNAA) is the official United Nations Association of Australia, working on behalf of the United Nations core body to promote its overall aims and ideals, and equally seeking to build support for the UN's programs, activities, and agencies. The UNAA official mission is "to inform, inspire and engage all Australians regarding the work, goals and values of the UN to create a safer, fairer and more sustainable world". It has division offices in every State and Territory of Australia, with the national office run out of Canberra.
History.
The UNAA was established in 1946 and in the following decades, the association and its state divisions grew and expanded their programs. In 1979 the Victorian division established the annual Media Peace Awards, followed by the establishment of the World Environment Day Awards. 
During the International Year of the Tree (1982), the UNAA and the Nursery Industry Association of Australia founded an environmental organisation, Greening Australia, to protect, restore, and conserve Australia's native vegetation.
Description and governance.
The UNAA works closely with United Nations specialised agencies and departments such as the UNDPI, UNIC, and UNHCR, and has consultative status with ECOSOC as a member of the World Federation of United Nations Associations (WFUNA). The organisation also works closely with the Australian Government, especially the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs (DFAT) and Australian parliamentarians.
The UNAA is governed by a National Board and an Executive Team who take day to day responsibility for strategy implementation. Its national president is Dr Donnell Davis elected in November 2023. Previous Presidents included Dr Patricia Jenkings, 2023, Mario D'Elia 2019, Major General (Ret'd) Michael G. Smith 2016, Australian Senator Russell Trood, 2012 and Australian Politician Robert Hill.
What it does.
The UNAA also works to support various initiatives of the United Nations which focus on key international affairs topics such as (but not exclusive to):
The UNAA hosts over 150 events a year across Australia; hosts public awards ceremonies on a variety of social, media, and environmental topics; drives celebratory UN observance day activities; operates development projects overseas and generally acts as a key link between the UN and the Australian public.
The UNAA group includes a national academic network, a federal parliamentary group, divisions in every state and territory, a Young Professionals network, a Youth network, and a national office of volunteers.
Awards.
Media Peace Awards.
The UNAA Media Peace Awards, established in 1979, were awarded on UN Day (24 October), to recognise Australian journalists and media organisations "who had excelled in their promotion of human rights and issues". Justice Kirby referred to the award as the Australian Media Peace Prize in his address at the 1981 presentation of the prize. These awards, later known as the UNAA Media Awards, or simply UN Day Media Awards, are no longer being presented, with the last being the 2018 awards, presented in 2019 by SBS journalist Sarah Abo.
In 1980, future Prime Minister Bob Hawke won the award.
In 1983, the film "Women of the Sun" won the award.
Between 2000 and 2016, prizes were awarded in several categories each year, covering print, film, television, and radio, and also issues such as Indigenous affairs, the environment, women's rights, and children's rights. The list of nominees and winners over this period is available online.
Film producer Darren Dale has won a UNAA award twice, and was a finalist once.
A 2015 finalist was an IQ2 debate at The Ethics Centre, for "its role in stimulating public awareness and understanding". The debate achieved prominence in the media owing to an address by journalist Stan Grant on "racism and the Australian Dream".
UN Day Honour.
The UN Day Honour award was established by UNAA (NSW) as part of their United Nations Day (24 October) celebrations, the day that the UN Charter came into force in 1945. The award recognises "individuals or organisations in Australia that have made a significant contribution to the aims and objectives of the UN, for example in promoting peace, respect for human rights, equal opportunities, social justice and environmental sustainability". 
Recipients include:
Other awards.
The United Nations Association Global Leadership Prize was awarded to Indigenous writer and activist Maureen Watson in 1996.
Model United Nations.
The UNAA’s Victorian division hosts student Model United Nations (MUN) Conferences in high schools and universities around the state. These day-long conferences aim to increase student awareness of the United Nations, its processes, values, and the complex issues brought before the UN and the international community, while developing a sense of civic responsibility as future global citizens.
UNAA Young Professionals Network.
The UNAA Young Professionals (UNAA YP) network involves and inspires young professionals throughout Australia in international affairs and the work of the United Nations around the world, through fund-raising, awareness-raising, and advocacy campaigns.
United Nations Youth Australia (UNYA).
United Nations Youth Australia (UNYA) is a youth led organisation, born out of the organisation in the 1970s. Its members are aged below 25 years. UN Youth Australia is not a division of, or run by, the UNAA.

</doc>
<doc id="6972226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972226" title="Matteo Abbate">
Matteo Abbate

Matteo Abbate (born 21 August 1983) is an Italian football coach and former defender.
Playing career.
Abbate started his career at Piacenza.
In 2010, Abbate joined Hellas Verona F.C. in 2-year contract. The contract later extended.
In January 2013 he was signed by Pro Vercelli. On 13 August 2013 Abbate joined Cremonese.
On 11 August 2016 Abbate re-joined Piacenza.
Coaching career.
In 2018, Abbate was appointed assistant coach of Stefano Rossini at Serie D club Vigor Carpaneto. He successively joined Monza as a youth coach in 2019.
In 2021, Alessandria appointed him their under-19 youth coach. In 2022, Abbate signed for Piacenza as a youth coach and was successively promoted to head coach in February 2023, failing to save the club from relegation.
On 6 June 2023, Abbate signed for Serie C club Pergolettese. He was sacked on 15 February 2024 following a negative string of results.

</doc>
<doc id="6972235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972235" title="Dan Mahoney (journalist)">
Dan Mahoney (journalist)

Dan Mahoney (1916–1999) was an Irish-American journalist who was investigated in the 1950s by Joseph McCarthy and James Eastland for possible communist activities and party membership.
Born in County Cork, Ireland, Mahoney emigrated to the United States with his family when he was nine. He went to work as a copy boy for the "New York Daily Mirror", a Hearst-owned publication, when he was still in his teens and organized there for the Newspaper Guild, as did his brother and fellow-journalist William B. Mahoney. Dan Mahoney worked at the "Mirror" for nearly 22 years (with time out to serve in the Army during World War II).
In June 1955 journalist Winston Burdett went before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee and fingered numerous other members of the media as potential communists. One of a number that he implicated was Mahoney. Mahoney received his subpoena in November 1955 and testified the following January in the same set of hearings at which "National Guardian" co-founders John T. McManus and James Aronson also testified.
At the hearing he testified that he was not presently a communist and denied ever having committed "any subversive act". When queried further, about past membership in the party, he cited the Fifth Amendment and refused to answer the subcommittee's questions. The next day the "Mirror" fired Mahoney.
He went on to work as a writer and editor for publications of the Hotel and Restaurant Workers Union and, subsequently, as a small-business owner in a suburb of New York City and in the U.S. Virgin Islands and then as an actor in Cork, Ireland. He finally settled in Oakland, California, where he died in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="6972245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972245" title="Marshall Lightowlers">
Marshall Lightowlers

Marshall Lightowlers is an Australian parasitologist. He began his career in the field of parasitology during a post-doctoral appointment at the Institute of Medical and Veterinary Science in Adelaide where he undertook research on ovine sarcocystosis. In 1981, he began a post-doctoral position at the University of Melbourne, Veterinary Clinical Centre and commenced a research career focusing on the immunology and molecular biology of taeniid cestode parasites.
His initial research at the University of Melbourne investigated the immunochemistry of antigens of "Taenia taeniaeformis" and "Echinococcus granulosus". Subsequently he was a member of a team of scientists that developed a vaccine against "Taenia ovis" infection in sheep, the first recombinant vaccine against a parasitic disease. In 1989 Lightowlers took over leadership of the molecular parasitology research laboratories at the University of Melbourne and began applying the lessons learnt with "T. ovis" to the development of similar vaccines against infection with the larval stages of other cestode parasites. This led to the development of highly effective, recombinant vaccines against cysticercosis in cattle due to "Taenia saginata" (TSA9/TSA18) and in pigs due to "Taenia solium". In collaboration with Dr David Heath at the Wallaceville Animal Research Centre in New Zealand, he and his colleagues also developed the EG95 recombinant vaccine against cystic echinococcosis (hydatid disease).
The EG95 vaccine was proven successful in experimental trials in sheep against "E. granulosus" infection carried out in Argentina, China, Romania, Iran, New Zealand and Australia. The vaccine was registered as a commercial product in China in 2007 by Chongqing Auleon Biologicals Co., Ltd., and in Argentina in 2011 by Tecnovax Sanidad Animal. In 2016 the EG95 vaccine was incorporated into the Chinese National Echinococcosis Control Program and National Animal Disease Compulsory Immunization Program.
The TSOL18 vaccine against "Taenia solium" achieved &gt;99% protection in experimental trials undertaken in pigs in Mexico, Cameroon and Peru. It has been developed as a commercial product, Cysvax, by Indian Immunologicals Limited and registered in India in 2016. The TSOL18 vaccine played an important role in a large-scale, successful, cysticercosis elimination program undertaken in the Tumbes region of northern Peru. The vaccine has completed the clinical trials in Nepal and has shown to be effective to control cysticercosis in pigs of the region.
Marshall Lightowlers is Principal Research Fellow with the National Health and Medical Research Council in Australia and Professor in the Faculty of Veterinary and Agricultural Sciences at the University of Melbourne. In 2011 he was appointed by the University of Melbourne Council as Melbourne Laureate Professor. He has published more than two hundred articles in internationally refereed journals and books. He has been an active member of the Australian Society for Parasitology, serving as the society's President in 1995/6, Honorary Secretary, and as a council member representing Victoria. In 1998, the society awarded Lightowlers the Bancroft-Mackerras Medal in recognition of his outstanding contribution to the science of parasitology.

</doc>
<doc id="6972251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972251" title="Solimar Beach">
Solimar Beach

Solimar Beach is within western Ventura city, in Ventura County, California. It is a small Southern California beach and one of the few that still allows dogs on a leash. 
Location.
Solimar Beach is located approximately one mile north of Emma Wood State Beach.
Solimar beach is the stretch of sand and ocean that lines the ocean front housing and extends southeast towards the city of Ventura. The southern portion of the beach is considered the "public beach" because the sand is accessible and there are no houses. To the north are two separate private gated residential communities. Solimar Beach Colony, the first of the two communities, is the first beach community north of the city of Ventura along the Pacific Coast Highway. Most of the time the tide is too high to completely walk the full stretch of the beach. Professional surfer and winner of MTV's Surf Girls, Mary Osbourne, is from Solimar. 
"Soli" breaks well with a 3'+ southerly swell — conditions varying on the shape of the sandbar.

</doc>
<doc id="6972255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972255" title="Jugg's Revenge">
Jugg's Revenge



</doc>
<doc id="6972260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972260" title="HIDB">
HIDB



</doc>
<doc id="6972261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972261" title="Kagool">
Kagool



</doc>
<doc id="6972264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972264" title="McAfee, New Jersey">
McAfee, New Jersey

McAfee is an unincorporated community located within Vernon Township in Sussex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 07428.
As of the 2000 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 07428 was 127.
History.
McAfee was originally called West Vernon in the 19th century. Located at the intersection of Route 94 and the McAfee-Greens Corner Road (CR 517), the area was first settled in the mid-18th century. The village grew and had its first school in 1805, with more businesses locating here over the years. On December 28, 1868, a post office was established, at which time the name of the village was changed to McAfee Valley, in order to eliminate any confusion with the Vernon Post Office. The name was taken from Samuel McAfee, a blacksmith who practiced his vocation here until 1840, when he relocated out of state. The Sussex Railroad extended its line to McAfee in 1871, primarily to transport the iron and limestone being mined there. At that time, McAfee Valley had one hotel, a small store, the post office, and a few dwellings. Ten years later, however, the village boasted a shoe shop, a wheelwright shop, a harness shop, a cooper shop, two railroad depots, a grade school, a hotel, the post office, and the quarrying operation run by the White Rock Lime and Cement Company. On November 17, 1924, the word Valley was dropped from the name of the village, leaving the community known simply as McAfee.

</doc>
<doc id="6972265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972265" title="Luis Javier González">
Luis Javier González

Luis Javier González Fanegas (born 17 June 1969 in Madrid) is a retired Spanish middle-distance runner. He specialized in the 800 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="6972269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972269" title="Group 10 Rugby League">
Group 10 Rugby League

Group 10 is a rugby league competition in the Central West area of New South Wales, under the auspices of the New South Wales Rugby League. It had been under the control of Country Rugby League but that changed after the NSWRL agreed to a new constitution and the CRL voted to wind up its affairs immediately. The decisions was made on 19 October 2019 and the merger means that the aim of a unified administration of the sport in NSW was achieved over a year ahead of time.
Ahead of the 2022 season, the Group 10 and Group 11 competitions merged to form the Western Premiership. 
Origin and formation.
At the end of the 1946 representative campaign, it was Bathurst that was crowned Western Challenge Cup premiers after finishing ahead of Lithgow, Orange and Oberon in the four-team group. The team's 7–0 win against Oberon in the final match of the round-robin competition in August at the Bathurst Sportsground saw the team finish the campaign undefeated.
Group 10 would meet two months later but Group 10 secretary Harley Brazil put forward a radical proposal, which alter the future of rugby league in the Central West region. Brazil put forward a "scheme" for an inter-town competition, with a goal to kick off in 1947. Brazil's idea was to see the leading eight teams in the Group (Bathurst Railway, Bathurst Waratahs, Lithgow Small Arms Factory, Lithgow Western Suburbs, Oberon, Orange Our Boys, Orange Waratahs and Portland) participate in the competition.
When the districts met in February, not everyone accepted Brazil's proposal, which become referred to as the 'Brazil plan' by the local press. Representatives from Bathurst, Orange, Lithgow, Mudgee, Oberon, Blayney and Portland would debate over three proposals for several hours. The three proposals mentioned in the "Lithgow Mercury" on 26 February 1947 included:
Ultimately, it was the 'Brazil plan' that was adopted by 10 votes to eight but it was quickly followed by opposition from Orange and Bathurst.
Issues continued and by Group 10's annual general meeting on 16 March, tensions reached boiling point between Orange and Bathurst and the other leagues. According to the "Lithgow Mercury", Bathurst and Orange were granted permission to conduct their own competitions, independent of the new inter-town club tournament.
Brazil's plan for a new inter-town club competition was thrown into turmoil, with only four teams nominating, well below the secretary's eight-team dream. At the Group's meeting on 7 April, only Lithgow Small Arms Factory, Lithgow Western Suburbs, Oberon Tigers and Portland Colts had put their hands up for the new competition.
The first ever games in Group 10 had been locked in for Sunday, 13 April. Wests would play Oberon in Lithgow, while Portland would host Factory. Both games would kick-off at 3.15pm, with curtain-raisers the local Lithgow first grade competition games. Match reports in the "Lithgow Mercury" indicate Wests overcame the Tigers 17–3. C. Hallam scored the first try for Wests, which may have been the first ever try scored in the competition. In the other match, Portland downed Factory 14–7. Factory won the inaugural premiership by defeating Portland 17–7 in the grand final.
Overview.
The current season format consists of fourteen rounds, with each team playing each other twice. The top five teams then play-off to the McIntyre final five system, culminating in the grand final which is held at the home ground of the major semi-final winner.
Former NRL players to play in Group 10 in recent times include Luke Branighan (Oberon and Bathurst St Patrick's) and Josh Starling (Oberon and Bathurst Panthers), with the latter signing on for the Panthers ahead of the 2020 season. Former Manly forward George Rose played one season for Oberon in 2016. NSW legend Mark O'Meley played a one-off game for St Pat's in 2016. Mick Sullivan has been one of the most influential ex-NRL players in recent times, leading Orange CYMS to five premierships during his nine-season stint between 2010 and 2018, a record haul for a captain-coach in the competition's history.
Current clubs and location.
From 2023, all four grades of Group 10 Clubs play in the Peter McDonald Premiership alongside Group 11 Rugby League clubs. Although a Group 10 Premier is still crowned in all grades, with this being the best team in the Group 10 Pool of the Peter McDonald Premiership. In 2022, Group 10 still officially fielded Reserve and women's League Tag competitions while the First Grade and Under 18s competitions were run as the Peter McDonald Premiership. 

</doc>
<doc id="6972280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972280" title="Mike Savage">
Mike Savage



</doc>
<doc id="6972284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972284" title="Jean-Claude D’Amours">
Jean-Claude D’Amours



</doc>
<doc id="6972285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972285" title="Highlands and Islands Development Board">
Highlands and Islands Development Board



</doc>
<doc id="6972287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972287" title="Glenwood, New Jersey">
Glenwood, New Jersey

Glenwood is an unincorporated area located within Vernon Township, in Sussex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 07418.
As of the 2000 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 07418 was 2,751.

</doc>
<doc id="6972290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972290" title="Saint Victor parish, San Jose, California">
Saint Victor parish, San Jose, California



</doc>
<doc id="6972293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972293" title="Alphabet pasta">
Alphabet pasta

Alphabet pasta, also referred to as alfabeto and alphabetti spaghetti in the UK, is a pasta that has been mechanically cut or pressed into the shapes of the letters of an alphabet (often the Latin alphabet). It is often served in an alphabet soup, which is also sold in a can of condensed broth or as a packet soup. Another variation, alphagetti, consists of letter-shaped pasta in a marinara or spaghetti sauce.
Small pieces of carrot and some spices are often added to the filling. The noodles are usually up to one centimeter in size and are shaped like the letters A-Z and, more rarely, the numbers 0-9 or the @ sign.
History.
It is not clear who invented alphabet soup, when or why. As early as 1877, Paris grocers sold "...small bits of macaroni, for use in soup, which are stamped with... the letters of the alphabet." and Paris restaurants served "...delicious soups made of macaroni or vermicelli cut up into the shape of letters of the alphabet..." In 1883, The Chicago Herald Cooking School cookbook provided a recipe for soup calling for a small pasta such as "alphabet pastes of the same material as macaroni stamped in letters". In January 1900 it was on the menu at New York City's Au Lion d'Or. In 1908, Wilbur Wright was served alphabet soup in Le Mans, France.
Also unclear is whether the soup or the linguistic term for an overabundance of acronyms or abbreviations came first; food historian Janet Clarkson notes that "the first reference I have found so far to the metaphorical alphabet soup also occurs in 1883, in a quotation by the originator of "Life" magazine, John Ames Mitchell, referring to teaching his son the alphabet soup (the ABCs) of business."
One common American brand of condensed-style alphabet soup is the Campbell's brand, which was founded in 1869. This soup, like its competitors, is marketed towards parents for its educational value.
A similar product, Alphabetti Spaghetti, was sold by the H. J. Heinz Company for 60 years before being discontinued in 1990. Like Campbell's alphabet soup, it contains alphabet pasta canned in tomato sauce. It was later reintroduced by Heinz in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="6972298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972298" title="History of the Alaska Aces">
History of the Alaska Aces



</doc>
<doc id="6972299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972299" title="Hewitt, New Jersey">
Hewitt, New Jersey

Hewitt is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within West Milford Township in Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 07421. It is named for Abram Hewitt.
Demographics.
Hewitt was first listed as a census designated place in the 2020 U.S. Census.
As of the 2010 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 07421 was 7,439.

</doc>
<doc id="6972300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972300" title="Roll call">
Roll call

Roll call may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6972309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972309" title="Aphanapteryx">
Aphanapteryx



</doc>
<doc id="6972312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972312" title="Tonino Viali">
Tonino Viali

Tonino Viali (born 16 September 1960) is a retired Italian middle-distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.
National titles.
Tonino Viali has won 10 times the individual national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="6972313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972313" title="Clayton Knowles">
Clayton Knowles

Clayton Knowles (April 27, 1908 – January 4, 1978) worked as the Washington correspondent for "The New York Times" from 1943 to 1971. He became an established and well respected journalist during that time.
Testimony in the Senate.
Knowles was one of 34 journalists and 26 "New York Times" employees subpoenaed by the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee in November 1955. The subpoenas were a result of journalist Winston Burdett's testimony in June 1955. Knowles was one of the more cooperative witnesses the senators encountered as a number of other journalists invoked the Fifth and First Amendments to avoid answering questions, many of them losing their jobs as a result.
Knowles told the subcommittee that he suffered from "extreme naivete" when he joined the Communist Party while working at the "Long Island Daily Press" in 1937. He testified that he went to the FBI with his story in 1954 after he found out that his name had been dropped in the subcommittee hearings. He claimed to have left the Communist Party in 1939.
Knowles provided the subcommittee with the names of his Communist Party cell-mates during the years at the Long Island newspaper. He told them he knew of no Communists at the "New York Times".
His testimony prompted Senator Thomas Carey Hennings to admonish the subcommittee counsel J. G. Sourwine for not giving the subcommittee advance notice of the witnesses and questioned whether "any useful purpose" had been served by publicly embarrassing such a long-rehabilitated communist such as Knowles.
Personal.
Knowles was a 1931 graduate of Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism.

</doc>
<doc id="6972320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972320" title="Cliffwood, New Jersey">
Cliffwood, New Jersey

Cliffwood is an unincorporated community located within Aberdeen Township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP code 07721.
As of the 2010 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area 07721 was 2,974.
Geography.
Cliffwood is located southwest of Route 35 and is bounded by Matawan on the south and Old Bridge Township on the northwest. Matawan Creek borders Cliffwood to the southeast. River Gardens, a community along Matawan Creek, is served by Zip Code 07735.
Education.
Cliffwood, as a part of Aberdeen, is served by the Matawan-Aberdeen Regional School District. The MARSD Central Offices are located at 1 Crest Way, in Aberdeen.
Cliffwood is home to Cliffwood Elementary School. On January 26, 1855, tobacco magnate David Hunter McAlpin sold of land for $50.00 to the Trustees of the Matavan School District No. 1. for school purposes. This remains a part of the campus of the Cliffwood Elementary School. The Matawan Aberdeen Middle School is also located in Cliffwood.
Notable people.
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Cliffwood include:

</doc>
<doc id="6972322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972322" title="Cloth menstrual pads">
Cloth menstrual pads



</doc>
<doc id="6972325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972325" title="Prince Ferdinand, Duke of Alençon">
Prince Ferdinand, Duke of Alençon

Ferdinand Philippe Marie d'Orléans, duc d'Alençon (12 July 1844 – 29 June 1910) was the son of Louis Charles Philippe Raphael d'Orléans, Duke of Nemours and Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (a first cousin of Queen Victoria).
Early life.
Prince Ferdinand of Orléans was born on 12 July 1844. He was the son of Prince Louis, Duke of Nemours, and Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, cousin of Queen Victoria. Among his siblings was older brother Prince Gaston of Orleans, Count of Eu, the Imperial consort of Brazil (through his marriage to Isabel, Princess Imperial of Brazil), and younger sister Princess Marguerite Adélaïde of Orléans, wife of Prince Władysław Czartoryski.
His paternal grandparents were Maria Amalia of Naples and Sicily, Queen consort of the French, and King Louis Philippe, who was forced to abdicate after the outbreak of the French Revolution of 1848. 
His maternal grandparents were Prince Ferdinand of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Princess Maria Antonia Koháry.
Personal life.
On 28 September 1868, he married Sophie Charlotte Augustine, Duchess in Bavaria (1847–1897) at Possenhofen Castle, near Starnberg. Sophie, the ninth of ten children born to Duke Maximilian Joseph in Bavaria and Princess Ludovika of Bavaria, was a sister of Empress Elisabeth of Austria, Queen Maria Sophie of the Two Sicilies, and Duchess Mathilde Ludovika in Bavaria, the wife of Neapolitan Prince Luis of the Two Sicilies. Before their marriage, she had been engaged to King Ludwig II of Bavaria, but the King called off the engagement before the marriage. The year after their marriage, the ducal couple moved into Bushy House in the Teddington area of Southwest London. The couple had two children:
His wife died in a fire at the Bazar de la Charité in Paris on 4 May 1897. He died in Wimbledon on 29 June 1910. He was buried at the "Chapelle royale de Dreux", the Orléans family necropolis.

</doc>
<doc id="6972327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972327" title="Flowers for algeron">
Flowers for algeron



</doc>
<doc id="6972331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972331" title="Piotr Piekarski (runner)">
Piotr Piekarski (runner)

Piotr Piekarski (born 10 April 1964 in Brusy) is a retired Polish middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.
International competitions.
1Disqualified in the semifinals

</doc>
<doc id="6972332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972332" title="Mill Creek (White Clay Creek tributary)">
Mill Creek (White Clay Creek tributary)

Mill Creek is a stream principally located in northern New Castle County, Delaware, a tributary of the White Clay Creek. It takes its name from the large number of mills (mostly gristmills and sawmills) located along it during the 18th and early 19th centuries.
It originates a short distance over the state line near Kaolin, Pennsylvania and flows east, then south into Delaware. It passes under the Lancaster Pike at Hockessin, where Swift Memorial Park has been laid out along the stream between Old Lancaster Pike and the Wilmington and Western Railroad tracks. Leaving Hockessin, the stream turns slightly to the west, and then sharply towards the southeast to flow through a deep, wooded gorge between suburban developments. Further down the gorge, Mill Creek passes through Limestone Hills Park, and then forms the western boundary of the DelCastle Recreation Area. Continuing south and passing under Limestone Road, the hills on either side diminish in height, and development increases, although the steep sides have protected the creek from direct encroachment. Passing through the neighborhood known as "Milltown", Lindell Park lies along the creek between Milltown Road and Kirkwood Highway. Below Kirkwood Highway, the valley begins to open, and the creek skirts Delaware Park and passes under the Wilmington and Christiana Turnpike just before it empties into the White Clay.
Variant names.
According to the Geographic Names Information System, it has also been known historically as: 

</doc>
<doc id="6972338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972338" title="Rebuilding Together">
Rebuilding Together

Rebuilding Together is an American non-profit organization with the goal of preserving affordable homeownership and revitalizing neighborhoods through free home repairs and modifications for neighbors in need.
Rebuilding Together has repaired more than 220,000 homes, nonprofit and community centers in the U.S. Rebuilding Together affiliate network consists of (114) offices throughout the United States, who act in partnership with and on behalf of the organization. The resources needed for repairs are obtained from grants, donations, sponsorships and gifts from businesses, schools and other kinds of organizations. These repairs make homes safer and more livable for families that cannot afford to pay maintenance costs.
Rebuilding Together has several targeted programs that address the needs of specific homeowner populations: veterans, older adults, people with disabilities and survivors of natural disasters. The work of Rebuilding Together impacts the condition of the surrounding community as well, through community center rehabilitation, playground builds and partnerships with organizations focused on disaster recovery, energy efficiency, sustainable community gardens, volunteer engagement and homeowner education. Workforce training is also a newer focus of the organization.
History.
Rebuilding Together was founded as "Christmas in April" in Midland, Texas in April 1973 based on the concept of neighbors helping neighbors and the century old tradition of community barn raising. The program got its name when one of the early recipients likened the help of having “Christmas in April.” Patricia Riley Johnson founded the national office in Washington, D.C., in 1988 after founding and running Christmas in April in Washington, D.C., since 1983. The national office changed its name to Rebuilding Together in 2000. During her time as Executive Director of the Washington, D.C. affiliate, Johnson said to the New York Times, "They offered me a part-time job and told me it would probably take half a year to organize the next rehab project. They had repaired 18 houses their first year. The year I took over we completed 85."
The national office helped grow the affiliate network across the United States. The organization previously owned its own national headquarters building in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. Johnson, who was named a Washingtonian of the Year by Washingtonian magazine in 1995, retired from Rebuilding Together in 2006 and was named Canon Missioner of the Washington National Cathedral. Subsequently, Patty Johnson passed away unexpectedly at the age of 71 in 2017. A foundation was formed in her honor, the Saint &amp; Streetfighter Foundation.
Examples of programs.
Building A Healthy Neighborhood
Through Building a Healthy Neighborhood, Rebuilding Together adopts a deeper and longer-term focus at the neighborhood level. Building a Healthy Neighborhood is a partnership between Rebuilding Together, residents and community stakeholders to revitalize neighborhoods with safe, healthy, affordable, homes and community spaces that are accessible for all. We make a multiyear commitment to a target neighborhood or area and coordinate with partner organizations to improve the health and safety of homes and strengthen community infrastructure through the revitalization of parks, schools, community centers and nonprofit facilities.
Disaster Readiness and Recovery
With natural and man-made disasters on the rise, Rebuilding Together helps neighbors in times of crisis to rebuild their homes and lives. Rebuilding Together’s Disaster Readiness and Recovery program offers disaster mitigation, preparedness, response and long-term recovery support to help families and communities affected by natural disasters to rebuild their homes and lives.
Safe At Home
Safe at Home provides home modifications for older adults and people with disabilities to improve accessibility, reduce falls, increase independence and facilitate aging-in-place. Safe at Home is designed to improve aging-in-place outcomes for low-income older adults through the modification of their home environment to meet their specific needs. Safe at Home serves veterans and their families through Veterans at Home. Veterans at Home provides home modifications and repairs to veterans and their families to improve safety and accessibility, increase independence and facilitate aging-in-place.
She Builds
Women-led and women-focused, She Builds provides critical repairs for women-headed households and women-focused community spaces to enable women to maintain safe and healthy homes, make a difference in their communities and build a supportive community network. Participants come to the builds with a myriad of experiences and skills to share and learn from each other.
National Rebuilding Month.
National Rebuilding Month takes place annually in April to bring local communities together in the hopes of assisting low-income earners in need of home repairs. National Rebuilding Day is celebrated on the last Saturday of April, and over the weekend, thousands of volunteers across the country join forces to give a house lift to families in need. Critical repairs or refurbishments are done by volunteers at no cost to family members.
Impact.
Rebuilding Together originally embarked on a multi-year, multi-phase outcome evaluation plan in 2019 to try and fully understand the impact of its work on the health, safety, well-being and financial status of the residents and communities served. A survey conducted by an external evaluator found the following:
The work of Rebuilding Together has been proven to improve:
A social return on investment study conducted by independent economists and commissioned by the organization found that for every dollar by Rebuilding Together and its affiliates in each home, there is a projected $2.84 in social value generated through improved health, safety, independence and cost savings.

</doc>
<doc id="6972340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972340" title="Koyote (band)">
Koyote (band)



</doc>
<doc id="6972344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972344" title="Haansoft Corp.">
Haansoft Corp.



</doc>
<doc id="6972348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972348" title="Statute of Westminster Adoption Act">
Statute of Westminster Adoption Act

There are several Acts named Statute of Westminster Adoption Act:

</doc>
<doc id="6972351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972351" title="Stirling, New Jersey">
Stirling, New Jersey

Stirling is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Long Hill Township, Morris County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served by the U.S. Postal Service ZIP Code 07980.
According to the 2020 census, the population was 2,555.
History.
Stirling was settled in 1740. A manufacturing and residential community was developed in the area of the railroad in the decades after the Civil War.
It was named by Fred Simpson Winston, who purchased about of land in the area for development. He named the area after William Alexander, Lord Stirling, an American Revolutionary War general who had owned of land lying on both sides of the Passaic River.
The Assyrian National School Association was established in Stirling in 1899 by Assyrian immigrants from Diyarbakır, Turkey.
Geography.
Stirling is in southeastern Morris County and occupies the central portion of Long Hill Township. It is bordered to the east by Gillette and to the west by Millington. The Passaic River forms the southern boundary of the community as well as the Somerset County line.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the Stirling CDP has a total area of , of which , or 0.64%, are water.
The Stirling train station is located along the Gladstone Branch of the New Jersey Transit Morristown Line.
Demographics.
Stirling was first listed as a census designated place in the 2020 U.S. Census.
Education.
Stirling is home to Central Middle School, which is one of the four schools in the Long Hill Township School System. Central Middle School educates students from grades 6–8.
St. Vincent de Paul School was a Catholic school in Stirling that operated under the auspices of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Paterson. The school closed in June 2016 in the wake of declining enrollment and financial challenges. The school was recognized with the Blue Ribbon School Award of Excellence in 2012.
Notable people.
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Stirling include:

</doc>
<doc id="6972353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972353" title="Yurisangja (band)">
Yurisangja (band)



</doc>
<doc id="6972354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972354" title="Dvaitādvaita">
Dvaitādvaita



</doc>
<doc id="6972362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972362" title="Morbid humor">
Morbid humor



</doc>
<doc id="6972364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972364" title="Columbus, New Jersey">
Columbus, New Jersey

Columbus is an unincorporated community located within Mansfield Township in Burlington County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08022. Most of Mansfield Township's governmental offices are located in and around Columbus. It is also the main business district in the township with many businesses lining the main roads in the area. It is located at the junction of County Route 543 (which passes east and west through the area) and U.S. Route 206 (US 206) which is a major highway that heads north and south. US 206 originally passed through the center of Columbus on Atlantic Avenue and New York Avenue until it was moved to a short four-lane bypass of downtown in the late 1950s/early 1960s. The old surface route became state-maintained New Jersey Route 170 but became a county-maintained road (Burlington CR 690) in 1986.
As of the 2010 United States Census, the population of ZIP Code Tabulation Area 08022 was 8,783.
History.
The area had been settled in the 18th century and featured a tavern named Black Horse Tavern. The community was originally known as Black Horse after the tavern, a vote was held in 1795 to determine Burlington County's county seat which featured Black Horse as one of three top vote-getters. Black Horse and the City of Burlington narrowly lost to Mount Holly. The settlement was renamed Columbus around 1827 in honor of Christopher Columbus.
Notable people.
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Columbus include:

</doc>
<doc id="6972368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972368" title="Tyranny of Beauty">
Tyranny of Beauty

Tyranny of Beauty (1995) is the fifty-first release and twenty-third major studio album by Tangerine Dream. Guitarist Zlatko Perica does not appear on this album or its follow up "Goblins' Club" (1996). His absence is filled by guest musicians Gerald Gradwohl and Mark Hornby on both releases and during the groups London performance in November 1996.
Promo.
A promotional CD-5 was released with edited versions of four tracks and the bonus track "Quasar", which was released on later versions of "Tyranny of Beauty".
CD-ROM.
A CD-ROM of the same title was published in Italy in 1995 as a freebie with the magazine "New Age and New Sounds" (catalogue no. NANS 047/B). Apart from the multimedia content it includes two audio tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="6972370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972370" title="Morbid humour">
Morbid humour



</doc>
<doc id="6972374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972374" title="Alphabet Spaghetti">
Alphabet Spaghetti



</doc>
<doc id="6972376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972376" title="Alphabeti Spaghetti">
Alphabeti Spaghetti



</doc>
<doc id="6972378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972378" title="NSW/ACT Rams">
NSW/ACT Rams

NSW/ACT (also known as NSW-ACT and nicknamed the 'Rams'), is an underage Australian rules football representative team managed by AFL NSW/ACT. The team represents New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory and its moniker, partly derived as an acronym from Riverina, ACT, Murrumbidgee and Sydney, the four regions supplying the bulk of the team's squad, also evokes the rural nature of the area. The team is based at the Blacktown International Sports Park in Western Sydney and has training hubs in Canberra, Sydney, Albury, Wodonga, Newcastle and Coffs Harbour. It has both Under 16 and Under 18 squads for male and female players.
The Rams joined the TAC Cup competition in 1996 with another non-Victorian team, the Tassie Mariners and also participated in the AFL National Championships. Both sides left the competition in 2002 when the TAC Cup became a Victorian-focused competition. The Rams then played around three or four games a year, with players instead playing club football on the remaining weeks of the year. Prior to the 2014 season, the NSW/ACT Rams was reestablished as a TAC Cup team, with players from the Sydney Swans and Greater Western Sydney Giants young academy sides being picked for the NSW/ACT team. The team played only 7 games in the competition and could not qualify for finals like the Victorian teams in the competition.
NSW/ACT have claimed 8 Division 2 titles in the AFL National Championships however were dropped from both the AFL National Championships and Talent League in 2017 in favour of a club Academy Series featuring the Sydney Swans Academy and Greater Western Sydney Giants Academy.
AFL players.
The following former NSW/ACT Rams players have gone on to play in the Australian Football League:

</doc>
<doc id="6972380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972380" title="Michael Rosswess">
Michael Rosswess

Michael Rupert Rosswess (born 11 June 1965) is an English retired sprinter who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Rosswess represented Great Britain and reached the final of the 200 metres event at the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul, where he finished in seventh place. 
Rosswess finished second behind Jon Drummond at the 1991 AAA Championships and became the British 200 metres champion by virtue of being the highest placed British athlete in the event. Also in 1991, he reached the semi-finals of the 200 metres at the World Championships.
Rosswess was a bronze medalist in the 60 metres sprint at the European Athletics Indoor Championships on three occasions (in 1989, 1992 and 1994). His personal best time for the event was 6.58 seconds (set in 1989).
Outdoors, Rosswess' personal best times were 10.07 seconds for 100 metres (set in 1994), and 20.51 seconds for 200 metres (set in 1988).

</doc>
<doc id="6972385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972385" title="C. E. Rose Elementary">
C. E. Rose Elementary



</doc>
<doc id="6972387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972387" title="Ho-Umezu agreement">
Ho-Umezu agreement



</doc>
<doc id="6972388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972388" title="Ran GTPase">
Ran GTPase



</doc>
<doc id="6972390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972390" title="The Ultimate Solution">
The Ultimate Solution

The Ultimate Solution is a 1973 alternate history novel by journalist and former "Playboy" interviewer Eric Norden (pen name for Eric Pelletier), set in a world where the Axis forces won World War II and partitioned the world between them. The novel is noted for its particularly grim tone. Norden later wrote the 1977 Adolf Hitler-related science fiction novella "The Primal Solution".
Plot.
A New York policeman is charged with finding a Jew who is reported to have suddenly appeared in the city decades after all Jews are thought to have been exterminated. There is a reference to a kind of second Wannsee Conference, held at Buckingham Palace in German-occupied London after the extermination of European Jews had been completed, setting up the extension of the Final Solution to the rest of the world; the last few hundred Jews are mentioned as having been discovered and killed by relentless Einsatzgruppen hunters in 1964, having hidden at the ruins of Angkor Wat in Cambodia. There is a Cold War between the former Axis Powers allies, Germany and Japan, both of whom have nuclear weapons and are engaged in an arms race akin to that between the United States and Soviet Union in our own timeline.
Slavs and blacks are raised at "laboratories" and "farms" where their vocal cords are cut at birth and having the legal status not of slaves but of "domestic animals"; naked black gladiators fight to the death at the Madison Square Garden (the Roman "thumbs up" or "down" are modernized into green and red buttons, with a computer making the tally and automatically electrocuting the losing gladiator); children being encouraged by TV programs to torture and kill animals; policemen routinely carrying mobile torture kits for "on the spot interrogations" and having the power of extrajudicial execution against "Enemies of the Reich"; body parts of murdered Jews on sale at souvenir shops, with "collectors" trying to have "a complete collection" of samples from all extermination camps; Christianity (and presumably other religions as well) suppressed in favor of Odinist temples; pedophilia being legal with parents selling their children to sex brothels; and naked Slavic women being crucified in eroticized torture shows, among other horrors. Homosexuality is legal and considered a state ideal (in sharp contrast with the real-life homophobic policies of Germany).
Former extermination camps are open to the public as "national shrines" – not to commemorate the victims, as in our world, but to glorify the murderers and present them as heroes. What we know as the inoffensive town of Croton-on-Hudson is in this world a North American Auschwitz where the Jews of New York and the East Coast died (another camp is mentioned in the Rocky Mountains, for the West Coast). At the entrance to the town, an Elks Club sign proclaims proudly: "Welcome to Croton-on-Hudson, home of the Final Solution! Here perished four million enemies of the Reich." German doctrine in this world merges with the "American way": a neighboring town whose inhabitants gave refuge to escaping Jews was totally destroyed and its inhabitants killed (like at Lidice in Czechoslovakia); its site was then covered with asphalt and made into a huge parking lot, and later an enormous shopping center was erected on the spot.
"Respectable" society is murderous, but when the protagonist starts digging deeper into the underworld, he discovers, hidden but still there, (what we would call) decent or even heroic people: first, old men still playing chess at the tables in Washington Square; a former Roman Catholic priest who had once broken under Gestapo interrogation and who dreams of a second chance to die as a martyr (the detective protagonist grants him his wish); a member of the underground, known as "Patties" (from George S. Patton, who together with Douglas MacArthur was executed in the "St. Louis Trials") still carrying on a desperate anti-German fight against all odds; finally the hunted Jew himself (who turns out to be from our own world, having fallen into this world by the worst of bad fortune). The protagonist finally kills him—not out of anti-Semitism which he does not really feel (he was born when Jews had already become a literally dead issue) but in a sort of "kindness" since sending him on to Berlin would have only exposed him to some torture before being killed.
The "Cold War" between the Germans and the Japanese seems ready to turn into World War III. In the power struggle over the legacy of the completely senile Hitler, a putsch overturns the (relatively) moderate faction of Albert Speer, known as "Axists" because they want to maintain the Axis agreements with Japan. Power is then seized by Reinhard Heydrich and the most fanatical "Contraxists", who are determined to destroy "the degenerate Yellow Race" even at the price of an all-out nuclear war in which Germany itself would be annihilated; this war is apparently incipient by the end of the text as the narrator mentions the NYPD coordinating an evacuation to the Catskills. Token and ineffectual resistance is all killed off, with the entire world about to end.
Reception.
Norden's book, along with others exploring an alternate history where Germany won World War II, has been cited as a work that "fulfilled an important moral function by underscoring the barbarism of Nazism and clearly reinforcing the prevailing view that a Nazi-ruled world would have been an utterly horrific place."
Gavriel David Rosenfeld, in his book "The World Hitler Never Made" (2005), suggests that Norden might have been inspired to write his novel by a ten-day-long interview he conducted with Albert Speer, which was published in the June 1971 edition of "Playboy". During the interview, Speer commented to Norden, "If the Nazis had won, [people] ... would be living in a nightmare". Rosenfeld sees Norden's novel as a morally informed critique of the 1970s "Hitler Wave" of renewed interest in Nazism which followed the publication of Speer's "Inside the Third Reich".
The book is criticized as being too "farfetched", as many subjects in the book contradict real-life Nazism and some find it hard to believe that America could be occupied so easily. In the view of some critics, Norden – a radical opponent of the Vietnam War and other aspects of official US policies – might have meant to present to fellow Americans their reflection in "a very dark mirror" rather than portray a realistic alternate scenario of how World War II might have ended.
In support of the latter view can be cited such features as that except for one German appearing briefly in the first chapter, all Nazis in the book are Americans, including the members of the SS and Gestapo, the concentration camp guards and commanders etc. Specifically, the commander of the extermination camp where the New York Jews were killed is presented as a kind of "All-American Boy", universally regarded as a hero, and who did it "not for hatred of Jews, but because it was a job which needed to be done". Further, these Nazis use typical colloquial American expressions while on their Nazi business; members of the New York Police Department use the term "The Feds" when referring to the Gestapo; and they are proud of the Reich's space program and of having landed the first man on the Moon.

</doc>
<doc id="6972391" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972391" title="Gregori Aminoff Medal">
Gregori Aminoff Medal



</doc>
<doc id="6972392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972392" title="Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment">
Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment

The Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment (MSE; ; ; ) is a ministry of the Government of Singapore responsible for the formulation and implementation of policies related to the environment, water and food of Singapore.
History.
The Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment (MSE) was established in 1972 as the Ministry of the Environment (ENV). It was later renamed the Ministry of Environment and Water Resources (MEWR) in 2004. On 25 July 2020, the Ministry was renamed to Ministry of Sustainability and the Environment.
Responsibilities.
The Ministry is responsible for providing a quality living environment and a high standard of public health, protected against the spread of communicable diseases. It also has to ensure a clean and hygienic living environment, as well as managing the complete water cycle – from sourcing, collection, purification, and supply of drinking water; to the treatment of used water and recycling into NEWater; desalination; as well as storm water drainage. Since 1 April 2019, it also handles food issues through the Singapore Food Agency.
Organisational structure.
The Ministry oversees three statutory boards – the National Environment Agency (NEA), Public Utilities Board (PUB), and the Singapore Food Agency (SFA).
Ministers.
The Ministry is headed by the Minister for Sustainability and the Environment, who is appointed as part of the Cabinet of Singapore. 

</doc>
<doc id="6972394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972394" title="Virtual Globe">
Virtual Globe



</doc>
<doc id="6972397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972397" title="Aminoff Prize">
Aminoff Prize



</doc>
<doc id="6972401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972401" title="Cooperative evolution">
Cooperative evolution



</doc>
<doc id="6972402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972402" title="Aminoff Medal">
Aminoff Medal



</doc>
<doc id="6972405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972405" title="Geoffrey Bowers">
Geoffrey Bowers

Geoffrey Francis Bowers (December 29, 1953September 30, 1987) was an American attorney who was the plaintiff in one of the first HIV/AIDS discrimination cases to go to public hearing.
Early life.
Bowers was born on December 29, 1953, in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He received his bachelor's degree from Brown University where he studied political science. He worked in a factory and as a television news reporter before enrolling at the Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York City in the fall of 1979.
Career and diagnosis.
During his time at law school, Bowers earned a position on the Cardozo law review and worked part-time, first as a proofreader at a law firm and later as a researcher and writer for Phillips, Nizer, Benjamin, Krim and Ballon, a New York law firm. After his graduation he joined Phillips, Nizer, et al. as an associate.
In August 1984, Bowers joined Baker McKenzie as a litigation associate. Baker McKenzie is an international law firm, and Bowers hoped to use his knowledge of Italian, German, French, Dutch and Spanish. The following year, Bowers began to experience throbbing headaches and see yellow spots. He was diagnosed with meningitis. In April 1986, he was diagnosed with Kaposi's sarcoma and AIDS.
In May 1986 the law firm's partners gave Bowers a satisfactory evaluation. Two months later, in July, they voted to dismiss him, without following normal termination procedures, including consulting with his supervisor or asking for a list of his clients and billable hours. His supervisors objected to the decision, delaying its implementation. However, in October, 12 of the 15 partners again voted to dismiss him. He left the firm on December 5, 1986.
Baker &amp; McKenzie lawsuit and hearings.
Bowers subsequently filed a complaint with the New York State Division of Human Rights alleging discrimination. On July 14, 1987, the New York State Division of Human Rights held the first hearings in the case in a trial format, with Judge Amos Carnegie overseeing the proceedings. A representative for the firm claimed that Bowers was dismissed because of performance issues, while his complaint charged that he had been fired from his job because of the skin lesions that had begun appearing on his body and face. Bowers died on September 30, 1987, in Boston at the age of 33, just two months after the hearings began. His long-term partner Alex Londres (a short story writer) died one year later, also of AIDS-related illness.
The hearings took place on 39 days over the course of two years. It took more than six years for the case to finally be resolved, when in December 1993 the agency awarded its largest sum for any complaint to that date: $500,000 in compensatory damages and the back pay he would have earned had he remained employed. Baker McKenzie appealed but subsequently withdrew the appeal in 1995 after they negotiated a confidential settlement with Bowers's family, forbidding parties from ever discussing the case or the terms of the agreement.
"Philadelphia" film and legal action.
Bowers's family sued the writers and producers of the film "Philadelphia", claiming that it was based on Bowers's life. One year after Bowers's death, producer Scott Rudin had interviewed the Bowers family and their lawyers and, according to the Bowers family, promised them compensation. Family members claim that 54 scenes in the film were very similar to events in Bowers's life, and that some of the information in the film could only have come from their interviews. The defense said that after Rudin sold the film idea to Tri-Star Pictures, the studio which then went on to produce the film, he had no further involvement in its development, that he had never shared with the studio any of the information that had been provided to him by the Bowers family, and all screenplay material originating from the Bowers case had been taken only from publicly available sources. The lawsuit was settled in 1996. Although terms of the agreement were not released, the defendants did acknowledge that the film was "inspired in part" by Bowers's story.

</doc>
<doc id="6972409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972409" title="Gregori Aminoff Award">
Gregori Aminoff Award



</doc>
<doc id="6972410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972410" title="The years of decay">
The years of decay



</doc>
<doc id="6972412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972412" title="Richland, New Jersey">
Richland, New Jersey

Richland is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Buena Vista Township in Atlantic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08350.
As of the 2010 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area (ZCTA) 08350 was 825.
The Cape May Seashore Lines operates passenger rail service from Richland to Tuckahoe, from a scale reproduction of the original Richland Station, which was removed in the mid-1960s.
Mojito, New Jersey.
On April 26, 2004, the Buena Vista Township Committee voted to temporarily rename the community of Richland, a section of Buena Vista Township. For the first half of the month of May 2004, Richland became "Mojito, New Jersey", named after the Cuban rum drink. Bacardi had offered to give the township $5,000 for recreation projects in exchange for commemorating the new name with a sign on U.S. Route 40 for those weeks. Richland was chosen because it is home to the family-run Dalponte Farms, a major East Coast supplier of mint, an essential ingredient of the mojito.
Education.
The CDP is in the Buena Regional School District.
Founded in 1959, St. Augustine Preparatory School is an all-male Catholic high school, operated within the Roman Catholic Diocese of Camden.

</doc>
<doc id="6972413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972413" title="Episcopal gloves">
Episcopal gloves

The episcopal gloves or pontifical gloves ("chirothecœ", called also at an earlier date "manicœ, wanti") are a Roman Catholic pontifical vestment worn by a bishop or other prelate, such as an abbot, when celebrating Solemn Pontifical Mass. They are worn from the beginning of the Mass until the offertory, when they are removed. They are generally can be elaborately embroidered and generally match the liturgical color of the Mass. 
The gloves are considered symbolic of purity, the performance of good works and carefulness in procedure.
Use.
Episcopal gloves are used only at a Pontifical Mass, and then only up to the washing of the hands before the beginning of the Eucharistic Prayer. In the pre-Vatican II rite of consecration of a bishop, the consecrator, aided by the assisting bishops, put the gloves on the new bishop just after the blessing.
The "Caeremoniale Episcoporum", as revised in 1984, omits all mention of episcopal gloves. They are very rarely seen today except in celebrations of the 1962 form of the Roman Rite or yet earlier forms by some traditionalist Catholics. Evangelical Catholic bishops in Lutheranism, Anglo-Catholic bishops in Anglicanism, and Old Catholic bishops also sometimes make use of the episcopal gloves.
Material and ornamentation.
, episcopal gloves are knitted by machine or hand-woven from silk thread. They are normally ornamented on the back with a cross; the border of the opening for the hand is also, as a rule, embellished. Many are embellished with metal thread, either as an integral pattern or as embroidery or lace. Charles Borromeo, in his 1577 instruction on clerical vesture, states that "The bishop’s gloves must be interwoven and prominently decorated on the top with a golden circle".
The colour of the gloves must correspond with the liturgical colour of the feast or day in the services of which they are worn; episcopal gloves, however, are never black, as they are not used on Good Friday nor at a Requiem.
Ritual Significance.
Episcopal gloves are symbolical of purity from sin, the performance of good works, and carefulness of procedure. This is reflected in the prayer recited as they are put on: "Place upon my hands, Lord, the cleanliness of the new man, that came down from heaven; that, just as Jacob Thy beloved, covering his hands with the skins of goats, and offering to his father most pleasing food and drink, obtained his father’s blessing, so also may the saving victim offered by our hands, merit the blessing of Thy grace. Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, Who in the likeness of sinful flesh offered Himself for us."
According to Thomas Aquinas, the episcopal gloves, along with other eight vestments worn by bishops but not by priests, signify the "nine things which they can, but priests cannot, do, namely ordain clerics, bless virgins, consecrate bishops, impose hands, dedicate churches, depose clerics, celebrate synods, consecrate chrism, bless vestments and vessels."
History.
The use of episcopal gloves became customary in Rome probably in the tenth century, outside of Rome they were employed somewhat earlier. Apparently they were first used in France, as the earliest traces of the custom are found in this country, from where it gradually spread to other parts and eventually to Rome. The chief reason for the introduction of the usage was probably the desire to provide a suitable adornment for the hands of the bishop, rather than practical considerations such as the preservation of the cleanliness of the hands or something as such. Episcopal gloves appertained originally to bishops, but at an early date their use was also granted to other ecclesiastics, thus no later than 1070 the abbot of the monastery of San Pietro in Cielo d'Oro at Pavia received this privilege, the first certain instance of such permission.
In the Middle Ages these gloves were either knitted or otherwise produced with the needle, or else they were made of woven material sewed together; the former way seems to have been the more usual. Gloves made by both methods are still in existence, as for example, in Saint-Sernin at Toulouse, at Brignoles, in S. Trinità at Florence, in the cathedrals of Halberstadt and Brixen, in New College at Oxford, Conflens in Savoy and other places. In the later Middle Ages it became customary to enlarge the lower end, giving it the appearance of a cuff or gauntlet, and even to form the cuff with a long joint which hung downwards and was decorated with a tassel or little bell. The back of the glove was always ornamented, sometimes with an embroidered medallion or some other form of needlework, sometimes with a metal disk having on it a representation of the Lamb of God, a cross, the Right Hand of God, Saints etc., the disk being sewn on to the glove, or, at times, the ornamentation was of pearls and precious stones. The gloves were generally made of silk thread or woven fabric, rarely of woollen thread, sometimes of linen woven material. Up to the end of the Middle Ages the usual colour was white, although the gloves at New College, Oxford, are red; apparently it was not until the sixteenth century that the ordinances as to liturgical colours were applied to episcopal gloves. Even in the Middle Ages the occasions on which the gloves were worn were not many, but their use was not so limited as later, for in the earlier period they were occasionally worn at the pontifical Mass after Communion, at solemn offices and during processions.

</doc>
<doc id="6972416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972416" title="Shift register lookup table">
Shift register lookup table

A shift register lookup table, also shift register LUT or SRL, refers to a component in digital circuitry. It is essentially a shift register of variable length. The length of SRL is set by driving address pins high or low and can be changed dynamically, if necessary.
The SRL component is used in FPGA devices.
The SRL can be used as a programmable delay element.

</doc>
<doc id="6972417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972417" title="Aminoff Award">
Aminoff Award



</doc>
<doc id="6972419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972419" title="Richard 0. Boyer">
Richard 0. Boyer



</doc>
<doc id="6972420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972420" title="Gregori Aminoff medal">
Gregori Aminoff medal



</doc>
<doc id="6972425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972425" title="Mandana Misra">
Mandana Misra



</doc>
<doc id="6972426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972426" title="Ricardo Güiraldes">
Ricardo Güiraldes

Ricardo Güiraldes (13 February 1886 – 8 October 1927) was an Argentine novelist and poet, one of the most significant Argentine writers of his era, particularly known for his 1926 novel "Don Segundo Sombra", set amongst the gauchos.
Life.
Güiraldes was born in Buenos Aires, the second son of a wealthy family of the old landowning aristocracy. His mother was Dolores Goñi, descendant of Ruiz de Arellano, who founded the village of San Antonio de Areco in 1730. Manuel Güiraldes, his father, later "intendente" (governmentally appointed mayor) of Buenos Aires, was a cultured, educated man, interested in art. Ricardo inherited that predilection; in his youth he sketched rural scenes and painted in oils.
When Güiraldes was one year old, he travelled with his family to Europe, living for four years in Paris near the Rue Saint-Claude. By the age of six, he spoke not only Spanish but French and German. Indeed, French was his first language, and French-language literature would leave a strong mark on his literary style and tastes.
Güiraldes's childhood and youth were divided between the family ranch, La Porteña in San Antonio de Areco, and Buenos Aires. In San Antonio he came into contact with the world of the gauchos, which would figure prominently in his novels "Raucho" and "Don Segundo Sombra"; there, too, he met Segundo Ramírez, upon whom he based the title character of the latter work. He loved the country life, but suffered from asthma that sometimes limited his own physical activity, though he generally presented an image of physical vigor.
He was educated by several female teachers and, later, by a Mexican engineer, Lorenzo Ceballos, who recognized and encouraged his literary ambitions. He studied in various institutes and completed his "bachillerato" at the age of 16. Güiraldes was not a brilliant student; at the Colegio Lacordaire, the Vertiz Institute and the Instituto Libre de Segunda Enseñanza, he studied both architecture and law, but never practiced either one. He did make several attempts at business, all unsuccessful. He traveled to Europe in 1910 in the company of his friend Roberto Leviller, then travelled with another friend, his future brother-in-law Adán Deihl, with whom he visited Italy, Greece, Constantinople, Egypt, Japan, China, Russia, India, Ceylon, and Germany before settling in Paris, where (after his father decided he had had enough of paying the costs of his son's idleness) he stayed with the sculptor (to whom he later dedicated "Xaimaca"), and where he decided to become a writer.
Despite that decision, Güiraldes threw himself into the French capital's social whirl, practically abandoning his literary ambitions. But one day he unpacked some draft stories he had written about rural Argentina and set to work; these would eventually become his "Cuentos de muerte y de sangre" ("Stories of death and of blood").
He read the stories to friends, who encouraged him to publish them. Even the early drafts already showed a distinct, individual style.
Finally truly committed to literature, he returned to Buenos Aires in 1912, becoming part of the circle of Alejandro Bustillo. On October 13, 1913, he married Adelina del Carril, also from one of the city's leading families, whom he had first met in 1905. In 1913–1914, he published several stories in the magazine "Caras y Caretas"; in 1915, these and others were published as "Cuentos de muerte y de sangre"; earlier that year he had published a book of poetry, "El cencerro de cristal". He was encouraged in his writing by his wife and by Leopoldo Lugones, but when these early works did not meet with a receptive public, Güiraldes withdrew them from circulation, gathered up the unsold copies, and threw them into a well. His wife managed to rescue some; these surviving, water-damaged copies are now prized by book collectors.
At the end of 1916, the couple traveled to the Pacific Ocean, to Cuba, and to Jamaica, where he wrote a "theatrical caprice" called "El reloj" ("The clock", never published). These travels would eventually lead to his 1923 novel "Xaimaca", but long before that, in 1917, came his first novel "Raucho", followed in 1918 by a short novel "Un idilio de estación" ("A Season's Idyll") in Horacio Quiroga's magazine "El cuento ilustrado"; this would eventually be revised and published as a well-received book in 1922, with the new title "Rosaura".
In 1919, with his wife, Güiraldes again traveled to Europe. In Paris he established contact with many French writers and frequented literary salons and bookstores; there, too, he began "Don Segundo Sombra". He has been described as particularly influenced by his friend Valery Larbaud, but Güiraldes's English-language translator Harriet de Onís believes that influence to have been overstated. Güiraldes returned to Argentina, then went back to Europe in 1922, where besides returning to Paris he passed some time in Puerto de Pollensa, Majorca, where he rented a house.
In this period he underwent an intellectual and spiritual change. He became interested in theosophy and Eastern philosophy, seeking spiritual peace; this is strongly reflected in his late poetry.
At the same time, Güiraldes's writing became more accepted in his native Buenos Aires, where he became a supporter of new avant-garde writers; he was something of an elder and teacher to the Florida group. In 1924, along with Alfredo Brandán Caraffa (1898–1978), Jorge Luis Borges, and Pablo Rojas Paz he founded the short-lived magazine "Proa", which was not particularly successful in its home city but met with a better reception elsewhere in Latin America. Güiraldes also co-founded the "Frente Ứnico", opposed to "pompierismo" (the use of dry or pompous academic language in writing), and collaborated in the publication of the magazine "Martín Fierro".
After closing down the magazine, Güiraldes focused on finishing "Don Segundo Sombra", which he completed in March 1926.
In 1927, intending to head back to India because of his increasing interest in Hinduism, Güiraldes traveled once more to France. He went first to Arcachon, but it developed that he was sick with Hodgkin's disease. He was brought to Paris by ambulance, was met there by his wife, and died in the house of his friend, the painter Alfredo González Garaño (1886–1969). Güiraldes's body was brought back to Buenos Aires and finally entombed in San Antonio de Areco.
His nephew was the president of Aerolíneas Argentinas, Juan José Güiraldes.
Works.
Each year links to its corresponding "[year] in literature" or "[year] in poetry" article:

</doc>
<doc id="6972428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972428" title="Veto power">
Veto power



</doc>
<doc id="6972430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972430" title="Aminoff medal">
Aminoff medal



</doc>
<doc id="6972432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972432" title="Stock route">
Stock route

A stock route, also known as travelling stock route (TSR), is an authorised thoroughfare for the walking of domestic livestock such as sheep or cattle from one location to another in Australia. The stock routes across the country are colloquially known as The Long Paddock or Long Paddock.
A travelling stock route may often be distinguished from an ordinary country road by the fact that the grassy verges on either side of the road are very much wider, and the property fences being set back much further from the roadside than is usual, or open stretches of unfenced land. The reason for this is so that the livestock may feed on the vegetation that grows on the verges as they travel, especially in times of drought.
The rugged remote stock route that follows the Guy Fawkes River through Guy Fawkes River National Park is part of the Bicentennial National Trail.
Usage.
By law, the travelling stock must travel "six miles a day" (approximately 10 kilometres per day). This is to avoid all the roadside grass from being cleared in a particular area by an individual mob. Bores, equipped with windmills and troughs, may also be located at regular intervals to provide water in regions where there are no other reliable water sources. A Travelling Stock Reserve is a fenced paddock set aside at strategic distances to allow overnight watering and camping of stock. Reserves may also be located on many roadways that are not the typical wide TSRs.
The travelling stock are driven by a drover and stockmen using Australian Stock Horses or vehicles. Other working animals include working dogs such as Kelpies, or their crosses which have been bred for working sheep and cattle. The stockman may also be accompanied by a packhorse, carrying supplies and equipment, or a wagon with supplies might follow the stock. More recently travelling stock has been accompanied by four-wheel drive vehicles and mobile homes.
The purpose of "droving" livestock on such a journey might be to move the stock to different pastures. It was also the only way that most livestock producers had of getting their product to the markets of the towns and cities. The beef cattle were transported to a rail siding or abattoirs "on the hoof". The rigors of the journey, the availability of feed and water and the reliability of those "droving" the stock were all factors in the condition of the livestock when it was slaughtered.
History.
An early stock route, the Snowy TSR, was pioneered during the drought of 1828, when the supply of water and fodder failed around Lake George (New South Wales), near Canberra. The local Aboriginals, realising the plight of the stock, led the stock and their owners into the country now known as Berridale.
Colonial explorers and overlanders pioneered many of the present-day stock routes along corridors that followed river systems, indigenous trade routes and trails. Before the railways were extended cattle were often driven up to on the main stock routes. These early drovers sometimes had to contend with crocodile-infested rivers, droughts, dust storms, floods, poisonous plants and hostile Aboriginals. These established routes were recognised and dedicated as roads between the 1860s and 1890s. From the early 1900s the state Governments established a program to develop stock route water facilities throughout the stock route network. Most stock routes now have designated watering points, each located the distance of a droving day apart.
With the establishment of railways in country areas from the 1880s onwards, livestock usually reached the major destinations in cattle wagons. There were stock-yards and livestock ramps at nearly all rural railway stations to facilitate this transportation, meaning that it was only necessary to drove stock to the nearest rail transport depot. Travelling stock routes and reserves have generally been administered by Rural Lands Protection Boards, since 1902. There are about 600,000 hectares of travelling stock reserves in NSW and 2.6 million hectares running for 72,000 kilometres across Queensland.
Between 1906 and 1910 Alfred Canning opened up the Canning Stock Route, one of the most famous overland routes in the world.
During World War II good highways were constructed in the Northern Territory where the railway had not been extended. After the war the road transport of cattle proved very successful with trucks carrying 80 head of fat cattle on each trip. Droving though, was continued until well into the 1950s as these units required sealed roads. From about 1980 the road transport of livestock by road trains became increasingly common and has virtually replaced the transport of stock either by foot or by rail. 
But the days of the travelling stock route are not past. In times of extreme drought, when paddocks lack feed and/or water, stockowners have been forced to reduce their livestock numbers radically or take the remaining beasts to travel their six miles a day, along the stock routes, surviving on the roadside grass. Uses of Travelling Stock Reserves include emergency refuge during floods and drought, as well as some local agistment. Today, TSRs are valued as corridors for native vegetation ecosystems and providing a habitat for flora and fauna.
During 1997, 125 head of cattle died after eating "Kalanchoe delagoensis" (mother-of-millions) on a travelling stock reserve near Moree, New South Wales.
Notable travelling stock routes.
The Strzelecki Track, from Lyndhurst in the south to Innamincka, South Australia and beyond in the north used to be one of the driest and loneliest tracks to transport mobs of fat cattle to the Adelaide market. It was Captain Starlight, of Robbery Under Arms fame, who gave the track notoriety. In 1870 Henry Arthur Readford, better known as Harry Redford, or Starlight, drove a thousand head of stolen cattle from Queensland, down the Barcoo and Cooper past Mount Hopeless, to Blanchewater where he sold them for $10,000. Although he was caught and went on trial for his crime, he was found not guilty by a jury largely impressed with his audacious feat of blazing a new cattle stock route, making him one of the greatest drovers in Australian history.
The Murranji Track in the Northern Territory, also known as the "Ghost Road of the Drovers", was pioneered by the famous overlander Nathaniel Buchanan in 1881, when he drove large mobs of cattle along it. When Buchanan travelled the Murranji Track the Murranji Waterhole was one of the vital sources of water. If it was dry the cattle and horses faced a 110-mile 'dry stage' before reaching the next water. This route was considered the worst stock route of all. In one horrendous trip across this Track in 1905 one man died, all but two stockmen deserted the drover, 800 cattle and 11 horses died. 
Evidence has been found that five or six persons definitely died around the Murranji Waterhole and about 12 on the whole track, while trying to negotiate it.
The Birdsville Track is also a notorious stock route. The 520 km Birdsville Track was developed in the 1880s and runs across desert in some seasons, from Birdsville, Queensland to Marree just north of the Flinders Ranges in South Australia. The remote track skirts the Simpson Desert and the Sturt Stony Desert and drovers relied on government provided artesian bores to water their stock along the route. On several occasions during the early years there were big losses of stock on this route. In 1901 Jack Clarke left Warenda Station, Queensland with 500 fat bullocks but only had 72 when he reached Marree. Stock is now transported on trucks and the track is mostly used by tourists.
The Canning Stock Route was regarded as the loneliest and one of the most difficult routes. Crossing the Great Sandy Desert, the Little Sandy Desert and large portions of the Gibson Desert, it is almost 2,000 km long. It is a place of living history - the longest heritage trail in Australia. A series of wells, first dug between March 1908 and April 1910 by a party under the leadership of surveyor Alfred Canning, connect the stock route. These wells are generally situated on or near native water sources (soaks). In the early years of the stock route, several drovers were killed by Aboriginal people defending their land and water sources.
The Tanami Road or Tanami Track follows a cattle droving route northwest from the MacDonnell Ranges just north of Alice Springs to Halls Creek.
The Barkly Stock Route in the Northern Territory was also pioneered by Nat Buchanan and known for the epic cattle drives of the past that passed through the area en route to Queensland. Today this is a road known as the Overlander's Way (Barkly Highway) and is used by great road trains and visitors.
The Cobb Highway is part of a very significant Travelling Stock Routes network that traverses New South Wales. The Bradfield Highway, which passes over the Sydney Harbour Bridge is a designated Travelling Stock Route.
Current situation.
Although their original transport purpose has been mostly superseded, stock routes also sustain non-pastoral industries, including bee keeping, forestry, fossicking, mineral exploration and quarrying.
Travelling stock routes also provide crucial habitat and connectivity for many endangered species and ecosystems. Their length and density mean that they provide a comprehensive sample of the landscape and biodiversity of eastern Australia. Most predate the late Victorian gazetting of conservation reserves, and thus provide substantial protection to highly cleared ecosystems that were targeted for agricultural clearing in the preceding colonial period, and are therefore under-represented in the national park system (e.g., the flat land west of the Great Dividing Range). The entire network is publicly owned, and therefore represents the best remaining opportunity for conservationists to protect large amounts of threatened biodiversity. Further, the Travelling Stock Routes provide a serendipitous solution to the problem of biodiversity connectivity in the face of climate change. As temperature and rainfall patterns begin to change, the stock routes represent a set of corridors that organisms can safely transverse to reach appropriate climatic conditions.
A government review has recommended the Rural Lands Protection Board no longer manage the stock routes and "that travelling stock routes should be ceded back to the Department of Lands unless the local boards can provide a business case for their retention, which means they have to be profitable". A group of more than 450 scientists recently petitioned the Premiers of New South Wales and Queensland, asking them to intervene, to protect both the heritage and environmental values represented by the stock routes (the "Long Paddock Statement").
The Stock Routes Coalition is a group of organisations who have come together to have the NSW and Queensland Stock Routes declared 'Protected Corridors for Travelling Stock and Biodiversity', managed by the current managers and adequately resourced with supplements from public funds. It is a unique grouping of conservation organisations, scientists and drovers.
In January 2009 Travelling Stock Routes came under the control of the new Livestock Health and Pest Authorities (LHPA) which replaced the Rural Lands Protection Board. The new LHPA has stated "that TSRs to be ceded back to the Department of Lands where they place an unreasonable financial burden on authorities (latter part of 2009)".
Other roadside grazing.
Shire councils often permit livestock to graze a designated stretch along a rural road during times of drought. A fee is paid to the council on a per head of livestock basis and the stock owner is permitted to use the selected strip to the exclusion of others.
In Australia many thousands of kilometres of roads are unfenced and this includes some highways. These roads usually pass through forests or private property.

</doc>
<doc id="6972437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972437" title="Hiroyuki Namba">
Hiroyuki Namba

 (occasionally credited as Hiroyuki Nanba) is a Japanese musician. He has composed for and arranged songs from Japanese anime, OVA and video games. Notably, Hiroyuki Namba composed for "Dallos", the first anime Original video animation. However, in the United States, he is known for composing the soundtrack to the "Armitage III" film. Namba plays keyboards in Sense of Wonder, a Japanese progressive rock band.

</doc>
<doc id="6972441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972441" title="Flin Flon (disambiguation)">
Flin Flon (disambiguation)

Flin Flon is a city on the Manitoba-Saskatchewan border in Canada.
Flin Flon may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6972442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972442" title="Places of interest in Kasaragod district">
Places of interest in Kasaragod district



</doc>
<doc id="6972445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972445" title="Parlin, New Jersey">
Parlin, New Jersey

Parlin is an unincorporated community located within Old Bridge Township and Sayreville Borough in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. The area is served as United States Postal Service ZIP Code 08859.
As of the 2000 United States Census, the population for ZIP Code Tabulation Area (ZCTA) 08859 was 20,129.
Notable people.
People who were born in, residents of, or otherwise closely associated with Parlin include:

</doc>
<doc id="6972446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972446" title="Kingdom of Kinda">
Kingdom of Kinda

The Kingdom of Kinda () also called the Kindite kingdom, refers to the rule of the nomadic Arab tribes of the Ma'add confederation in north and central Arabia by the Banu Akil al-Murar, a family of the South Arabian tribe of Kinda, from the 4th century BCE to the 6th century CE. The Kinda did not belong to the Ma'add and their rule over them was likely at the confederation's initiative and engineered by the Kinda's South Arabian patron, the Himyarite Kingdom. The tribes may have sought a prominent, non-involved leader to bring stability to the Ma'add during a period of constant feuding among its constituents.
The roughly century-long rule of the Kinda was the first known nomadic Arab monarchy and the first attempt by the tribes to regulate their affairs in a centralized manner. The Kindite kingdom presaged the centralization movement under Islam in the early 7th century. Likely influenced by the sedentary civilization of Himyar, the Kindite monarchs ruled their domains from urban settlements. The rule of the kingdom's founder Hujr Akil al-Murar was characterized by domestic peace. He was succeeded by his sons Amr al-Maqsur and Mu'awiya al-Jawn, who ruled over Najd and the Yamama, respectively. The tribes of the Rabi'a faction revolted and likely killed Amr. His son and successor al-Harith is the first Kindite king attested in contemporary Byzantine sources. His sons' assaults on the Byzantine frontier provinces in the Levant likely precipitated the Byzantines' establishment of an alliance with the Kinda to serve as tribal federates of the empire, alongside the Ghassanids, in 502.
After al-Harith's death, his four sons, each ruling over a different grouping of tribes within the Ma'add confederation, became absorbed in their constituents' blood feuds, greatly weakening the kingdom in Najd. The Kindite kings in the Yamama similarly became entangled in conflicts between their subject tribes. Several Kindite kings in Najd and the Yamama were slain in the internecine fighting. The heavy losses and their fraying control over the tribes prompted the Kinda's abandonment of their kingdom and return to the Hadramawt. There, many of their tribesmen had remained and controlled parts of the region. Several Kindites attained power and influence in the Caliphate, the Islamic empire established after the Islamic prophet Muhammad's death in 632. However, these Kindites hailed from different branches of the tribe, the Banu Akil al-Murar having lost their leadership role.
History.
Establishment.
The Kinda tribe originally had their abode in South Arabia, possibly in Hadramawt, where they served as nomad auxiliaries for the armies of the Sabaean and Himyarite kings. Himyar gained full control over Saba and the other South Arabian kingdoms in the late 3rd century CE. By at least the mid-4th century they were launching campaigns into central, eastern and northeastern Arabia against the tribes or confederations of Ma'add, Iyad, Murad and Abd al-Qays. An inscription from the late 5th century mentions that the Himyarite king Abikarib As'ad traveled to the "land of Ma'add on the occasion of the establishment of certain of their tribes". The medieval Arabic literary works of al-Isfahani and Ibn Habib similarly mention that Abikarib campaigned in central Arabia and established the Kindite chief Hujr over Ma'add. In this respect, the Kinda's relationship with Himyar are comparable to the Arab client kingdoms of the Sasanian and Byzantine empires, namely the Lakhmids of lower Mesopotamia and the Ghassanids of the Syrian steppe, respectively. All three Arab kingdoms vied with each other for preeminence in northern Arabia.
Medieval Arabic literature indicates the subordination of the nomadic tribes of the Ma'add to Kindite rule was the initiative of the Ma'add, especially its Bakr ibn Wa'il division, to bring order to its constantly feuding constituent tribes. Accordingly, the Bakr sent envoys to the king of Himyar, inviting him to be their king. Instead, the king delegated the role to Hujr for unclear reasons. The historian Mohammed A. Bamyeh proposes that the sedentary Himyarite king, not wanting the burden of directly ruling the warring nomadic tribes of the vast desert expanses, resolved to have his dependent, the nomadic Kindite Hujr, effectively rule on Himyar's behalf. Himyarite attempts to extend their commercial interests into the region may have been related to the introduction of Kindite rule, though Bamyeh holds there is scant evidence such economic designs ever took shape. Rather than an economic arrangement, the Kindite leadership of Ma'add was a political pact between the warring tribes on the one hand and the Himyar-sponsored Kinda on the other. Contributing factors to the Kinda's leadership were the tribe's hitherto neutrality in the inter-tribal feuds of Arabia and their significant numbers, which could bolster their kingship in the expansive region of northern and central Arabia.
Hujr became the founder of the Kinda's royal household, the Banu Akil al-Murar, so-called after Hujr's nickname (). In an inscription in South Arabian script, he styled himself "king of Kinda". While the house of Akil al-Murar stemmed from the Banu Mu'awiya, one of the three main divisions of the Kinda, most of the tribesmen who accompanied him belonged to the Sakun division.
Hujr died of old age in the Kindite settlement of Batn Aqil, after a lengthy, stable reign, according to the Arabic sources. His eldest son, Amr al-Maqsur, succeeded his father as head of the Ma'add in the Najd (northern central Arabia), while his younger son Mu'awiya al-Jawn, founder of the Banu al-Jawn house, ruled over the confederation in the Yamama (southern central Arabia).
Amr was known as "al-Maqsur" ('the limited one') because he was not able to expand the limits of his father's domain. The Arabic traditions note that his authority was rejected by the Rabi'a tribes, which included the Bakr and Taghlib among others and whose territory was in the northern parts of Arabia leading to Mesopotamia. Around this time, in the late 5th century, the Rabi'a chief Kulayb had been launching successful assaults against the South Arabians. Amr received military support from Himyar to enforce his rule, but to no avail. His authority was likely confined to the southern parts of the Najd, closer to Himyar. Amr was killed, most likely in a battle against the Rabi'a.
Reign of al-Harith.
Relations with the Byzantines and Sasanians.
Although there are no particular achievements attributed to Hujr's sons, his grandson, al-Harith ibn Amr, became the best-known Kindite among the tribes of Arabia, as well as among the Byzantines and Sasanians, and their Ghassanid and Lakhmid clients.
As per an arrangement between the Byzantines and the Arab tribes dwelling along its Syrian Desert frontiers in 502 CE, the Kinda under al-Harith (called Arethas in the Byzantine sources) and their Ghassanid rivals had become federates of the empire. The Byzantines were prompted into this arrangement after al-Harith's sons Hujr and Ma'di-Karib launched an assault on the border region between the Byzantine Levant and Arabia. This may have been associated with the Day of al-Baradan, referred to in the Arabic sources, which was a battle most likely at a spring in the vast Samawah (the part of the Syrian Desert between Syria and southern Iraq). In that engagement the Kinda were confronted by the Salihids, the Byzantines' principal Arab federates throughout the 5th century. After initial Salihid successes, the battle turned in favor of the Kinda and the Salihid phylarch (tribal client king) Ziyad ibn al-Habula was slain. While the Arabic sources place Hujr as the head of the Kindite forces, Shahid asserts it was a likely confusion with Hujr's eponymous great-grandson Hujr ibn al-Harith, the elder Hujr having already died.
The federate agreement between Byzantium and the Kinda and the Ghassanids was significant in that it established these powerful Arab confederations as Byzantine allies, a situation which largely persisted until the Byzantines' rout by Muslim Arab armies in the Battle of Yarmouk in 636. In May 503, a likely Kindite chieftain, Asoudos (al-Aswad), led a contingent of Arabs fighting alongside the Byzantine commanders Romanus and Areobindus in a campaign against the Sasanians in Nisibis.
Sometime during the reign of the Sasanian king Kavad I (), al-Harith captured the Lakhmid capital of al-Hira in Iraq. His rule there was short-lived, but during that time he adopted the Iranian religion of Mazdakism. After his brief rulership over al-Hira he went over to the Byzantines, who granted him a phylarchate in Palestine. He entered into a conflict with the "dux" (governor) of the province, Diomedes, prompting his flight into the Syrian Desert. There, in 528, he was slain by the Lakhmid king al-Mundhir III or the Banu Kalb tribe.
About two years after al-Harith's death the Byzantines, seeking to build an alliance against the Sasanians, dispatched envoys Julian and Nonossus to enlist Axum, Himyar, and the Kinda. Through Byzantine diplomacy, the Kindite king in Najd, Qays, likely the son of Salama ibn al-Harith, agreed to enter Byzantine service and leave his territory under the rule of his brothers Yazid and Amr. Qays went to the Byzantine capital Constantinople and was thereafter given a command in Palestine.
Division of the kingdom.
Al-Harith split command of the Ma'add among four of his sons, Hujr, Ma'dikarib, Shurahbil and Salama. Olinder estimates the division occurred around the start of al-Harith's reign. It was prompted by internal strife among the tribes of Ma'add whose leaders requested the division by al-Harith, who may have also neglected his role as arbiter of disputes among his nomadic subjects.
Hujr was installed over the brother tribes of Banu Asad and Kinana from the Mudar division and whose abodes were in Jabal Shammar and the Tihama, respectively. Ma'dikarib ruled over Qays of Mudar, and whose branches were spread across northern and central Arabia. Salama led the Rabi'a tribes of Taghlib and al-Namir ibn Qasit and the Sa'd ibn Zaydmanat and Hanzala branches of the Tamim, a Mudar tribe; all of Salama's tribes dwelt in northeastern Arabia, close to the Sasanian realm. Shurahbil controlled the Bakr, sections of the Tamim, and the Ribab, all except the latter of which lived between Jabal Shammar, eastern Arabia and the Euphrates valley; the Ribab lived in the southern part of central Arabia.
Disintegration.
Revolt against Hujr.
The Asad bridled under Hujr's rule and may have viewed his father's death or expulsion from al-Hira as a point of weakness in Kinda's power. When Hujr dispatched tax collectors to the Asad, the tribe rejected the levy and abused the collectors. Hujr responded by launching an expedition against the Asad in which several of its men were killed and several of their chiefs, including the poet Abid al-Abrash, were captured. Hujr was afterward assassinated in his tent by an Asad tribesman.
Civil war between Salama and Shurahbil.
Following al-Harith's death, relations deteriorated between Salama and Shurahbil over supremacy in the northeastern Najd where their dominions overlapped. This part of the Kindite kingdom, the closest to the Sasanian realm, had been its most important at the time, when the tribe had attempted to replace the Lakhmids in al-Hira. The Taghlib and Bakr had been engaged in a long series of blood feuds known as the Basus War. Their old enmity played a contributing role to the rivalry between Salama and Shurahbil, the kings of Taghlib and Bakr, respectively.
Al-Mundhir of al-Hira may have also induced the brothers toward war, offering gifts and honors to Salama, thereby provoking the envies and suspicions of Shurahbil. Besides seeking to neutralize the Kindites who had earlier attempted to topple his Lakhmid dynasty, al-Mundhir was also likely interested in extending his dominion over the Rabi'a tribes, which had migrated closer to his domains from central Arabia over the preceding decades.
The brothers' rivalry culminated in a battle at a desert well west of the lower Euphrates called al-Kulab. It became one of best-known battle-days of the pre-Islamic Arabs. Olinder proposes a dating of no later than a "a few years after 530". Most of the Tamim tribesmen who accompanied the Kindite kings in the confrontation melted away, leaving the Taghlib and Bakr as the main belligerents in the fighting with Salama and Shurahbil at their helm. The battle ended with Shurahbil's death and a Taghlib victory.
Return to Hadramawt.
Salama was soon after expelled by the Taghlib, who went over to al-Mundhir. He took safety with the Bakr, according to a tradition of that tribe, or may have become disabled, according to another tradition. Nothing is recorded about Ma'dikarib's career after the death of Shurahbil except that he became insane. Both brothers lost control of their tribal subjects and may have been killed at Mundhir's direction, prompting the Kinda's abandonment of the Najd for their ancestral homeland in Hadramawt. The Akil al-Murar were nearly exterminated, save for the family of Shurahbil and Hujr's daughter Hind, who were escorted safely to South Arabia.
By the late 6th century, Kindite power throughout central Arabia was fraying. The wars between al-Harith's sons had weakened them in Najd. In the Yamama, the al-Jawn became involved in a war between the Tamim and the Banu Amir, the latter a branch of the Qays. The al-Jawn dispatched contingents in support of the Tamim in their assault against the Amir in what became known as the battle of Shi'b Jabala in Najd, dated variously by modern historians to circa 550, 570 or 580. The Tamim and the Kinda and their allies, including the Lakhmids, were routed, and the leader of the al-Jawn, was slain.
Their loss at Shi'b Jabala and the following confrontation with the Amir at Dhu Nuwas especially contributed to the Kinda's abandonment of the Najd and the Yamama and return to Hadramawt. The Sasanian conquest of South Arabia possibly also played a major role. The al-Jawn of the Yamama had likely been dependent on the Sasanians across the Persian Gulf. With their influence in tatters in central Arabia, they likely saw the Sasanian conquest as an opportunity to resume their role as confederates of the Persians in their original abode where many of their tribesmen remained. The Kindite migration back to Hadramawt included some 30,000 members of the tribe departing their settlements of Ghamr Dhi Kinda in Najd and Hajar and al-Mushaqqar in the Yamama.
Culture.
Himyarite influence over the Kinda likely contributed to their residence in settlements from which they ruled over the largely nomadic tribesmen of the Ma'add. The Arabic sources noted that the Kinda were associated with the Arabian sites of Ghamr Dhi Kinda, Batn Aqil in Najd, and Hajar in the Yamama.
Ghamr Dhi Kinda, was also known Qaryat Dhat Kahl, today known as Qaryat al-Faw. It was located two-days' distance northeast of Mecca, on a point in the trade route connecting South Arabia with eastern Arabia and Iraq. It was likely Royal Kinda's capital. It had been a settlement of the Minaeans, a South Arabian people whose recorded history spanned the 10th–2nd centuries BCE. Under both the Minaeans and the Kindites the town included a market, a palace, a temple, and several houses. The Kinda minted their own coins in the town inscribed with the name of their god, Kahl.
The Banu Akil al-Murar adopted Christianity. The most important Arabic Christian inscription of the pre-Islamic period commemorates the construction of a church in al-Hira by al-Harith ibn Amr's daughter Hind.
Assessment.
Kindite rule or influence over much of Arabia signaled the first attempt to unify the Arab tribes, according to Shahid, though their attempt was only done by forcing the tribes into submission and could not have been possible without Himyarite backing. The Kinda likely played a role in spreading Christian teachings in Najd and the Yamama. They also played a key role in spreading literacy among the tribes of Arabia, having learned the nascent Arabic language in al-Hira and thereafter disseminating it in their desert realms. One example of this cited in the Arabic sources is that of Bishr ibn Abd al-Malik of the Sakun, who moved to Mecca from al-Hira and taught Arabic there (late 6th–early 7th centuries). The Kindite poet-king Imru al-Qays became one of the most prominent poets of Arabic in history. According to Shahid, through the spread of his poetry among the Arabs and the Kinda's roughly century-long rule in Arabia, Kinda accelerated the development of a common and standard Arabic language, transcending dialectical differences, a circumstance that attained its fullest significance with the rise of Islam.

</doc>
<doc id="6972449" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972449" title="End-time">
End-time



</doc>
<doc id="6972450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972450" title="Virtual globes">
Virtual globes



</doc>
<doc id="6972452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972452" title="Hastamalaka">
Hastamalaka



</doc>
<doc id="6972453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972453" title="Buhwal">
Buhwal



</doc>
<doc id="6972457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972457" title="Olapade Adeniken">
Olapade Adeniken

Olapade Charles Adeniken (born 19 August 1969) is a Nigerian former sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres, and competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Adeniken won the silver medal in 4 × 100 m relay at the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona, Spain, together with teammates Chidi Imoh, Oluyemi Kayode and Davidson Ezinwa.
He was the first Nigerian sprinter to break the 10-second barrier in the 100 metres;his personal best time was 9.95 seconds, achieved in April 1994 in El Paso. This ranks him third in Nigeria, only behind Olusoji Fasuba (9.85 s) and Davidson Ezinwa (9.94 s). In 200 metres his personal best time was 20.11 seconds, achieved in June 1992 in Austin. This ranks him third in Nigeria, only behind Francis Obikwelu and Daniel Effiong, and fifth in Africa, behind Frankie Fredericks, Obikwelu, Stéphan Buckland and Effiong.
Adeniken finished second behind John Regis in the 200 metres event at the British 1990 AAA Championships.
Achievements.
Track records.
As of 6 September 2024, Adenkien holds the following track records for 100 metres and 200 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="6972460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972460" title="Bhāgavatapurāņa">
Bhāgavatapurāņa



</doc>
<doc id="6972461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972461" title="Depressed (mood)">
Depressed (mood)



</doc>
<doc id="6972480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972480" title="Kill My Landlord">
Kill My Landlord

Kill My Landlord is the debut studio album by American hip hop group the Coup. It was released on Wild Pitch Records in 1993. The album peaked at number 83 on the "Billboard" Top R&amp;B Albums chart.
Critical reception.
"The Village Voice" noted that the Coup's "fierce individuality and self-mockery mark them as De La descendants".

</doc>
<doc id="6972483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972483" title="Portable Resort">
Portable Resort



</doc>
<doc id="6972485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972485" title="Manganime">
Manganime



</doc>
<doc id="6972487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972487" title="Bonnie Garcia">
Bonnie Garcia

Bonnie Garcia (born August 13, 1962) is a California politician. She was the representative for California's 80th State Assembly district, serving eastern Riverside County and all of Imperial County, from 2002 through 2008. In 2014 she was a candidate for the California State Senate to represent the 28th district, centered in Riverside County but lost the Republican primary to Jeff Stone. She is a Republican and lives in Palm Desert, California.
Assemblywoman Garcia was elected to the post in 2002, being the first Hispanic woman to represent the district and the first Puerto Rican elected to statewide office in California. By 2004, Garcia had become a member of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's transition team after the recall election against Gray Davis and was named as one of California's delegates to the Republican National Convention.
Garcia was one of five children born in Manhattan's Lower East Side to a young Puerto Rican couple who divorced soon after her birth. At age thirty-eight, after years of night classes, Garcia earned a Bachelor of Science degree in workforce development from Southern Illinois University.
Schwarzenegger made an off-the-cuff comment on September 7, 2006 describing her as having a "hot Latina temperament", which brought him some criticism. But Garcia, a fellow Republican, stated that she was "not offended by the Governor's comments."
She was ineligible to seek reelection to the State Assembly in 2008 due to term limits. On December 31, 2008, Schwarzenegger appointed Garcia to the state's Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board. She also runs her own public affairs firm. In 2014, she ran for the California State Senate, but lost a close election to Riverside County Supervisor Jeff Stone, a fellow Republican.

</doc>
<doc id="6972488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972488" title="A Fairytale About Slavery">
A Fairytale About Slavery



</doc>
<doc id="6972489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972489" title="GEPT">
GEPT



</doc>
<doc id="6972498" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972498" title="Alphonsus Liguori Penney">
Alphonsus Liguori Penney

Archbishop Alphonsus Liguori Penney (17 September 1924 – 12 December 2017) was a Canadian Catholic priest who was Archbishop of St. John's from 1979 to 1991. He was born in St. John's, Newfoundland.
Sexual abuse scandal.
The Winter Commission was appointed in 1989 by Archbishop Penney and released its report during the following year. Its final report, submitted in 1990, was entitled "The report of the Archdiocesan Commission of Enquiry into the Sexual Abuse of Children by Members of the Clergy".
Archbishop Penney resigned on February 2, 1991, following the release of the commission's report, which placed some of the blame for cover-ups of the abuse on him.

</doc>
<doc id="6972501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972501" title="Mass for the dead">
Mass for the dead



</doc>
<doc id="6972502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972502" title="Joe Vitelli">
Joe Vitelli

Antonio Joseph Vitelli (April 12, 1908 – February 7, 1967) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1944 and 1945. The , right-hander was a native of McKees Rocks, Pennsylvania.
Biography.
Vitelli is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. He made his major league debut at age 36 on May 30, 1944 in a doubleheader against the Brooklyn Dodgers at Ebbets Field. The Pirates' game on May 21 was suspended due to the Sunday blue laws and completed on July 5. He appeared in the final inning of suspended game, but since statistical data is labeled with the original date of the game, some sources list his debut as May 21.
Vitelli made four relief appearances for Pittsburgh in 1944 and finished all four games. In a total of seven innings pitched he gave up six runs, but only two of them were earned runs. His ERA was 2.57. His only 1945 appearance was as a pinch runner.
Death.
Vitelli died in 1967 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="6972507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972507" title="Yeas and Nays">
Yeas and Nays



</doc>
<doc id="6972508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972508" title="Missa pro defunctis">
Missa pro defunctis



</doc>
<doc id="6972510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972510" title="Roll call vote">
Roll call vote



</doc>
<doc id="6972515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972515" title="Earina mucronata">
Earina mucronata

Earina mucronata is species of plant endemic to New Zealand. The specific epithet means "pointed" and refers to the shape of the tips of this orchid's very narrow leaves. The leaves are arranged alternately in one plane along a flattened, unbranched pseudobulb which can grow up to 1 m in length but which is generally shorter. As in most Monocotyledons the base of each leaf is extended into a leaf sheath which completely encircles the stem, in this species they are greatly elongated and extend the full length of the internode. The sheaths are 2 or 3 mm wide and in contrast to those of "E. autumnalis" they are difficult to pull off. Another key distinguishing feature of this species are the tiny, ubiquitous black spots which cover the leaf sheaths as well as many of the leaves themselves - these are notably absent in "autumnalis".
This species flowers during spring and early summer; the peak months are from October to December. The flowers are produced en-masse on a branched raceme. The sepals, petals and column are usually white or cream, and the labellum is usually yellow, though white, apricot and orange coloured forms are sometimes encountered.
"Earina mucronata" is generally epiphytic but occasionally grows as a lithophyte. Its distribution extends across the 3 main islands of New Zealand (the third being Stewart Island / Rakiura) and eastwards to the Chatham Islands.

</doc>
<doc id="6972516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972516" title="Missa defunctorum">
Missa defunctorum



</doc>
<doc id="6972519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972519" title="Buskins">
Buskins



</doc>
<doc id="6972523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972523" title="Roll call (vote)">
Roll call (vote)



</doc>
<doc id="6972526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972526" title="2006 Osama bin Laden tapes">
2006 Osama bin Laden tapes



</doc>
<doc id="6972528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972528" title="Bea Lucero">
Bea Lucero



</doc>
<doc id="6972532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972532" title="Beatriz Lucero Lhuillier">
Beatriz Lucero Lhuillier

Beatriz Lucero-Lhuillier, born Beatriz Lucero and more popularly known as Bea Lucero, is a Filipino former athlete and Olympian. She won a bronze medal at the 1992 Olympics in taekwondo, a demonstration sports at the Games.
Lucero graduated from International School Manila in 1991. Before switching to Taekwondo, Bea was an artistic gymnast. She won 2 golds &amp; 3 silver during the 1987 Southeast Asian Games held in Jakarta. Bea failed to make the team to the 1988 Seoul Olympics because of sports politics. Instead she joined the Philippine Delegation to Seoul to cover the gymnastics event. In 1992, she won a bronze medal in the featherweight division in taekwondo in the Olympic games in Barcelona with teammate Stephen Fernandez who also won a bronze medal. Her medal was not included in the official tally because it was a demonstration sport.
She advertised for Ivory Soap, Nestle Philippines and others. She is married to Jean Henri Lhuillier, Honorary Consul General of San Marino of the Philippines and President and CEO of Cebuana Lhuillier Pawnshop. She is a mother of three boys and a girl.

</doc>
<doc id="6972539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972539" title="For The Children (Politics)">
For The Children (Politics)



</doc>
<doc id="6972548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972548" title="Sriniwas Tiwari">
Sriniwas Tiwari

Shriyut Sriniwas Tiwari (17 September 1926 – 19 January 2018) was a politician from Rewa, Madhya Pradesh, India. He had a long career in Madhya Pradesh state politics. He was a six-time member of the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly. For most of his political career, he was a member of the Indian National Congress, and had stints in Socialist Party and Samyukta Socialist Party in his younger days.He was assembly speaker of MP from 1993 to 2003.
He also served as a member of the Vindhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly between 1952 and 1956, before it was merged into Madhya Pradesh. He was bitterly opposed to the merger and advocated the separation of Vindhya Pradesh region from Madhya Pradesh during his political career. He was known as the "White Tiger" of Madhya Pradesh.
He lost the election from Sirmour in the 2008 Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly election.
Personal life.
Sriniwas Tiwari was born on 17 September 1926 in Shahpur, a village in the Kingdom of Rewa, to Mangaldeen Tiwari and Kaushalya Devi. He was a native of Tiuni, a village in Rewa district. Tiwari was a freedom fighter and a lawyer who graduated with a Master of Arts degree in Hindi and an LL.B. from Durbar College, Rewa.
On 21 May 1937, he was wedded to Shravan Kumari, the daughter of Ramniranjan Mishra of Jhiria village in Satna district. He had two sons, Arun Tiwari and Sundar Lal Tiwari. Sundar Lal Tiwari was also an Indian National Congress politician who served as MP and MLA in the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
Tiwari died on 19 January 2018, aged 91.

</doc>
<doc id="6972556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972556" title="Sham-operated group">
Sham-operated group



</doc>
<doc id="6972560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972560" title="Crying Nut">
Crying Nut

Crying Nut () is a punk rock band from South Korea. They are often credited as being pioneers of the Korean punk rock and indie rock scenes.
The group began performing in 1995 in the Hongdae club scene in Seoul. They released their debut album, "Speed Up Losers," in 1998, selling over 100,000 copies. Crying Nut became a household name in South Korea following their performances at the 2002 FIFA World Cup. The group has released eight full-length albums as of 2018.
Joseon Punk.
In the 1990s, the Korean public was being exposed to many foreign musical styles for the first time, following new political freedom. The early punk bands including Crying Nut incorporated foreign genres in new and unusual ways, while still reflecting their inherent Koreanness. They branded themselves Chosun Punk (now romanized as Joseon Punk) in light of this duality. This tight-knit movement is credited with birthing independent music in Korea.
Overseas tours.
Crying Nut has extensively toured outside of Korea, having been to Japan numerous times, as well as China, Germany, Singapore, the US, the UK, and Sweden. They played the Fuji Rock Festival in 2000, in Sweden, and Singapore's Mosaic Music Festival in 2008. Following up on their fame from the 2002 World Cup, they performed at the welcoming ceremony of the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany. Their first concert in America was at the Seattle Korean Festival in 2006, and their first concert in the UK was the London Korean Festival in 2006.
They performed at SXSW in 2012 and toured North America as part of the Seoulsonic 2K12 tour funded by KOCCA alongside 3rd Line Butterfly and . Reportedly the police came to their SXSW gig due to concerns the venue might collapse because of the audience jumping. They also played at the Canadian Music Week for a special music showcase sponsored by Korea's Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.
They returned to SXSW in 2014 with an unprecedented 13 other Korean bands, ranging from Jay Park and Hyuna to fellow punk band No Brain. An image of member Kim Insoo playing accordion was published on the Grammy website.
Legal dispute.
Crying Nut sued CNBLUE and its agency FNC Entertainment for unauthorized use of their song "Deathblow Offside" on Mnet's "M Countdown" in 2010. Crying Nut also charged that CNBLUE had released a DVD of the concert in Japan and profited from it. Crying Nut claimed that not only did CNBLUE use the song without permission, but also lip-synced along with the original Crying Nut recording. Crying Nut allegedly posted online that CNBLUE "must pay the penalties for intellectual property rights infringement". CNBLUE later countersued Crying Nut for allegedly accusing CNBLUE of copyright infringement, filing an injunction against Crying Nut's online criticisms, claiming that the intellectual property theft was the responsibility of CJ E&amp;M and the unspecified company responsible for the DVD sales, and that Crying Nut's allegations may have permanently damaged CNBLUE's reputation as Hallyu stars. But the Court rejected CNBLUE's assertion.

</doc>
<doc id="6972565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972565" title="Dumat al-Jandal">
Dumat al-Jandal

Dumat al-Jandal (, ), also known as Al-Jawf or Al-Jouf (), which refers to Wadi Sirhan, is an ancient city of ruins and the historical capital of the Al Jawf Province, today in northwestern Saudi Arabia. It is located 37 km from Sakakah.
The city stood north of the Nafud desert and at one end of Wadi Sirhan, at a major intersection of ancient trade routes part of what is known as the incense route, with one branch linking the various sources of valuable goods in India and southern Arabia with Babylon, and another linking the Persian Gulf through Wadi Sirhan with southern Syria. It has a historical boundary wall and stands within an oasis.
The ancient city of Duma was described as "the stronghold of the Arabians" on the Neo-Assyrian Esarhaddon Prism (cuneiforms on clay prism, 673-672 BC).
Some scholars identify this site as territory of Dumah, one of the twelve sons of Ishmael mentioned in the Book of Genesis.
Etymology.
The name Dumat al-Jandal means literally "Dumah of the Stone"; the name Al-Jawf means "depression", referring to Wadi Sirhan. The city's ancient Akkadian name was "Adummatu".
History and archaeology.
Prehistory.
The "Antiquity" journal published in June 2020 the discovery of a 35-meter long triangular megalithic stone platform surrounded by burials and dating back to the 6th millennium BCE, presumably dedicated to ritual practices. Archaeological researchers from France, Saudi Arabia and Italy, headed by Olivia Munoz, believe that these findings illuminate a pastoralist nomadic lifestyle and a ritual used in prehistoric Arabia.
Ancient Near East.
The city has a history dating back to the 10th century BC and is mentioned in Akkadian inscriptions of the Neo-Assyrian Empire dating to 845 BCE, in which it is referred to as "Adummatu" and is described as the capital of an Arab kingdom sometimes named as Qedar ("Qidri"). The names of five powerful Arab queens that ruled this city are known, among them Zabibe, Šamši, Tabūʿa, and Teʾelḫunu. The latter is also given the title of high priestess of Atarsamain, a deity of fertility, love and war associated with Ishtar. Dūmah was the site of an important temple dedicated to Ishtar.
This town is perhaps intended in a passage from Isaiah:
Nabataean kingdom.
Sacrifices of animals were common and Porphyry's "De Abstenentia" (3rd century AD) reports that in Dūmah, a boy was sacrificed annually and was buried underneath an altar. Some scholars have extrapolated this practice to the rest of the Nabataeans.
Excavations made by Khaleel Ibrahim al-Muaikel in 1986 added to observations made in 1976 that a homogeneous layer of Roman-Nabataean pottery sherds indicating a prosperous community during the time of the Nabataeans, to whose realm this part of the region probably belonged.
Roman period.
In AD 106, "Dumatha" was incorporated into the Roman Empire by Emperor Trajan, after annexing the Nabataean Kingdom
Dumatha remained integral to the "Limes Arabicus" for over four centuries, serving as the easternmost settlement along the "limes". In AD 269, the place was mentioned by Zenobia, the Queen of Palmyra, as a city with an immune fortress. After her forces had captured the city, the Marid Castle withstood the attack in her revolt against the Romans. Later in the fifth century, the city became the capital of the kingdom of Kinda.
Byzantine and Sasanian clients.
The ancient oasis town was among a number of cities that the Pre-Islamic Arabs would travel to as part of the sequence of market fairs held annually. In contrast to the other market cities, Duma was characterized by its disputed political sovereignty between Arab clients of the Byzantines and Sasanians that made claims to it. The markets of Duma specialized in slavery and prostitution with the Banu Kalb, the dominant tribal group in the area, being known to practice slavery more than other tribes.
In 2017, a Paleo-Arabic Christian graffito discovered near al-Jawf and dating to AD 548/9, known as the Dumat al-Jandal inscription, was published. The inscription reads "May be remembered. May God remember Ḥgʿ{b/n}w son of Salama/Sa-lāma/Salima {in} the m[onth] (gap) year 443 [AD 548/549]."
During Muhammad's era.
Due to its strategic location, the city had been the object of no fewer than three raids. It lay about fifteen days march north from Medina and about half that distance from Damascus.
Muhammad ordered the Expedition of Dumat al-Jandal in July 626. Muhammad had received intelligence that some tribes there were involved in highway robbery and preparing to attack Medina itself. No casualties were reported; the Ghaṭafān fled.
He also ordered the Expedition of Khalid ibn al-Walid (Dumatul Jandal), which took place in October 630 to attack the Christian prince of Duma, as well as the Expedition of Khalid ibn al-Walid (2nd Dumatul Jandal) in April 631 to demolish an idol called Wadd, worshipped by the Banu Kalb tribe. In 630, Khalid ibn al-Walid captured Dumat al-Jandal and it became part of the newly formed Islamic empire.
Landmarks.
Umar Mosque.
Umar Mosque (wrongly attributed to Caliph Umar) is situated in Dumat al-Jandal. The mosque was built in 634–644. However, the actual construction appears to have been a much earlier period as a church. Some scholars believe that the mosque was named after the Banu Umar, a tribe that settled in Dumat al-Jandal.
The north (qibla) wall of the mosque faces the Marid Fort across a street. On its other three sides, it is surrounded by dense urban fabric. Like any other old town mosque, the stone construction comprises a courtyard preceding the main prayer hall to the south and another space, also used for prayer, to the north. The minaret is at the southwest corner of the prayer hall bridging over a street. The mosque is entered through a door situated in the qibla wall, near the minaret. The prayer hall is formed by three rows of stone pillars, running parallel to the qibla wall. The pillars are all by wooden lintels, which in turn support layers of stone that are roofed by mud-plastered acacia and palm trunks.
The mihrab is a narrow, corbelled niche in the center of the qibla wall, and is defined by a similar niche with three built-in stone steps to its right. The mihrab, the minbar, and the lower part of the qibla wall are plastered with white wash. Viewed from the outside, one sees that the mihrab and minbar protrude slightly out of the qibla wall. Also visible is an exposed stone staircase constructed along the qibla wall from the street side that reaches the roof. The minaret shaft has a rectangular shape that tapers upward to end in a pyramidal form. The four internal floors of the shaft were accessed by a now-collapsed spiral staircase entered from within the mosque. On each side of the minaret, and on each floor, a rectangular window with a stone lintel provides lighting for its interior.
Al-Dar'i Quarter.
Al Dar'i Quarter is located in the neighborhood of Omar bin al-Khatab Mosque and Marid fortress, which represent the old quarter of Dumat al-Jandal. Al-Dar'i Quarter is considered to be one of the remaining antiquities of Dumat al-Jandal's ancient city, which has escaped the demolition shovels befalling the historical market of Dumat al-Jandal 25 years ago. Dr. Khalil Al Meaigil has stated that, the facilities of the quarter, which date back to the middle Islamic age, have been established on ancient layers dating back to the mid-first millennium BC.
The neighborhood is characterized by the stone buildings and stone lanes between the gardens and by the water, which made life possible for the residents who lived near by the springs. In the Al-Dar'i Quarter, there are many houses that archaeologists hope will enjoy the necessary care and restoration.
Climate.
In Dumat Al-Jandal, there is a desert climate. Most rain falls in the winter. The Köppen-Geiger climate classification is BWh. The average annual temperature in Dumat Al-Jandal is . About of precipitation falls annually.

</doc>
<doc id="6972569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972569" title="Domat Al-Jandal">
Domat Al-Jandal



</doc>
<doc id="6972572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972572" title="Dawmat Al-Jandal">
Dawmat Al-Jandal



</doc>
<doc id="6972581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972581" title="Adumatu">
Adumatu



</doc>
<doc id="6972583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972583" title="The Fool (Zero)">
The Fool (Zero)



</doc>
<doc id="6972591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972591" title="Shirazeh Houshiary">
Shirazeh Houshiary

Shirazeh Houshiary (; born 15 January 1955) is an Iranian-born English sculptor, installation artist, and painter. She lives and works in London.
Life and work.
Shirazeh Houshiary was born on 15 January 1955 in Shiraz, Iran. She left her native country of Iran in 1973. Houshiary attended Chelsea School of Art in London, from 1976 to 1979. She was a Cardiff College of Art junior fellow, from 1979 to 1980.
Houshiary was identified with other young sculptors of her generation such as Richard Deacon and Anish Kapoor, but her work was distinct from theirs in the strong Persian influence which it displayed, though sharing with Kapoor a spiritual concern. Her ideology draws on Sufi mystical doctrine and Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi, a Persian mystic and poet from the 13th century.
She was a nominee for the 1994 Turner Prize. In 2008, the St Martin-in-the-Fields Church in London unveiled a commission by Shirazeh Houshiary and Pip Horne for the East Window.
In 2005, Creative Time commissioned Houshiary and Pip Horne for their Creative Time Art on the Plaza series where the monumental "Breath" tower was exhibited in New York City. Her work was also included in Feri Daftari's exhibition Without Boundary: Seventeen Ways of Looking at the Museum of Modern Art in 2006 and the 17th Biennale of Sydney in 2010.
In 2005 (Veil), 2008 (Shroud), 2011 (Dust), and 2019 (A Cup and a Rose) Houshiary worked with animator Mark Hatchard of Hotbox Studios to create animations for gallery installations at the Lehmann Maupin Gallery in New York and the Lisson Gallery in London.
Houshiary's work is included in numerous public and private collections including the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, and the Tate.
Exhibitions.
Solo exhibitions.
Select solo exhibitions:
Group exhibitions.
Select group exhibitions:

</doc>
<doc id="6972597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972597" title="Jesaulenko Medal">
Jesaulenko Medal



</doc>
<doc id="6972600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972600" title="Single-index model">
Single-index model

The single-index model (SIM) is a simple asset pricing model to measure both the risk and the return of a stock. The model has been developed by William Sharpe in 1963 and is commonly used in the finance industry. Mathematically the SIM is expressed as:
where:
These equations show that the stock return is influenced by the market (beta), has a firm specific expected value (alpha) and firm-specific unexpected component (residual). Each stock's performance is in relation to the performance of a market index (such as the All Ordinaries). Security analysts often use the SIM for such functions as computing stock betas, evaluating stock selection skills, and conducting event studies.
Assumptions of the single-index model.
To simplify analysis, the single-index model assumes that there is only 1 macroeconomic factor that causes the systematic risk affecting all stock returns and this factor can be represented by the rate of return on a market index, such as the S&amp;P 500. 
According to this model, the return of any stock can be decomposed into the expected excess return of the individual stock due to firm-specific factors, commonly denoted by its alpha coefficient (α), the return due to macroeconomic events that affect the market, and the unexpected microeconomic events that affect only the firm.
The term formula_9 represents the movement of the market modified by the stock's beta, while formula_10 represents the unsystematic risk of the security due to firm-specific factors.
Macroeconomic events, such as changes in interest rates or the cost of labor, causes the systematic risk that affects the returns of all stocks, and the firm-specific events are the unexpected microeconomic events that affect the returns of specific firms, such as the death of key people or the lowering of the firm's credit rating, that would affect the firm, but would have a negligible effect on the economy. In a portfolio, the unsystematic risk due to firm-specific factors can be reduced to zero by diversification.
The index model is based on the following:
The single-index model assumes that once the market return is subtracted out the remaining returns are uncorrelated:
which gives
This is not really true, but it provides a simple model. A more detailed model would have multiple risk factors. This would require more computation, but still less than computing the covariance of each possible pair of securities in the portfolio. With this equation, only the betas of the individual securities and the market variance need to be estimated to calculate covariance. Hence, the index model greatly reduces the number of calculations that would otherwise have to be made to model a large portfolio of thousands of securities.

</doc>
<doc id="6972601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972601" title="Man Equals Man">
Man Equals Man

Man Equals Man (), or A Man's a Man, is a 1926 play by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. One of Brecht's earlier works, it explores themes of war, human fungibility, and identity. It is one of the agitprop works inspired by the developments in USSR praising Bolshevik collectivism and the replaceability of each member of the collective (along with the play "The Decision" (1930) and the poem "Verwisch die Spuren" (1926)).
Not only was the play the first to emerge after Brecht's move from Munich to Berlin, but it was also the first to be produced by what came to be known as 'the Brecht collective',
As with his earlier "In the Jungle" (1923), which was set in Chicago, Brecht locates the drama in what was for his German audience an exotic setting: British colonial India. "Man Equals Man" presents the forcible transformation of an Irish civilian, Galy Gay, into the perfect soldier. Using Kiplingesque imagery (as with "In the Jungle", though, thanks to Elisabeth Hauptmann's command of English, in a more authentic tone now), Brecht explores personality as something that can be dismantled and reassembled like a machine, in a parable that critic Walter Kerr credited with a "curious foreshadowing of the art of brainwashing." The same characters appear in the short interlude "The Elephant Calf".
The play was first staged by two provincial theatres in Düsseldorf and Darmstadt, opening first in the latter on 25 September 1926. This production was directed by Jacob Geis, with set-design by Caspar Neher. Ernst Legal (who was the director of the Landestheater where the play was produced) played Galy Gay.
The play offers an "intermission piece" called "The Elephant Calf". It is a one-act surrealistic farce that has Galy Gay making his return as a baby elephant accused of murdering its mother.
In March 1927 Radio Berlin's new drama department broadcast an adaptation of the play; an introductory note in "" described the piece as "the most powerful and original stage play of our time". Charles Marowitz listed it among Brecht's major plays in 1972.
Texts.
In the current publication, the Arcade edition was translated from Brecht's final revision in 1954 by Gerhard Nellhaus (and by Brecht himself, who made his own English version of the first scene). The Bentley translation is based on public domain material of 1926, many years before Brecht finished revising the play.
Productions.
In 1931, Brecht himself directed the play, in Berlin starring Peter Lorre.
In 1986, the Hyde Park Theater Company in Hyde Park, New York produced the play starring Bill Murray as Galy Gay. The cast included Stockard Channing as Widow Begbik, Josie de Guzman, Al Corley, Mark Metcalf and Murray's brother, Brian Doyle-Murray. Tim Mayer directed, with music by, among others, Van Dyke Parks.
In early 2014 the Classic Stage Company in New York City produced the play. Brian Kulick directed, and Duncan Sheik composed instrumental and vocal music. The cast included Jason Babinsky, Justin Vivian Bond as Widow Begbik, Gibson Frazier, Martin Moran, Steven Skybell, Stephen Spinella, Ching Valdes-Aran as Mr Wang, Allan K. Washington and Andrew Weems.

</doc>
<doc id="6972603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972603" title="Wyler">
Wyler

Wyler may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6972604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972604" title="Iori Izumi">
Iori Izumi



</doc>
<doc id="6972605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972605" title="Tolu-e-Islam (organization)">
Tolu-e-Islam (organization)

Tolu-e-Islam (), also known as Bazm-e-Tolu-e-Islam, is an organization which focuses on understanding the Quran via logic, empiricism, and the appropriate application of the rules of Classical Arabic. The words "Tolu-e-Islam", meaning "dawn" or "resurgence" of Islam, were taken from "Tulu'i Islam", the title of a poem by the philosopher and poet Muhammad Iqbal.
History and philosophy.
The movement was initiated by Muhammad Iqbal, and later spearheaded by Ghulam Ahmed Pervez.
In his writings and speeches, Ghulam Ahmed Pervez, who succeeded Iqbal as Tolu-e-Islam's lead scholar, has deductively analyzed Quranic verses with little or no emphasis on hadith. He also provided a new commentary on the Quran based on a re-translation of key verses, based on applying proper rules of classical Arabic and its conventions, which have been overlooked by the mainstream sects. As well as releasing a Quranic Dictionary (Lughat-ul-Quran) which translated many of the key words used in the Quran. Ghulam Ahmed Pervez did not reject all hadiths; however, he only accepted hadiths which "are in accordance with the Quran or do not stain the character of the Prophet or his companions." The organization publishes and distributes books, pamphlets, and recordings of Pervez's teachings.
Non-affiliation.
"Tolu-e-Islam" does not belong to any political party, nor does it belong to any religious group or sect. It is strictly against sectarianism, because such acts of creating sects/divisions in Islam is equal in magnitude to "Shirk" i.e. rejection of Monotheism. Tolu-e-Islam seeks to propagate the Quranic teachings so that the system of “Khilafat ‘Ala Minhaj-e-Risalat” (God's direct rule on Earth, where the Quran is the only source of derivation of law) is once again established.

</doc>
<doc id="6972606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972606" title="Spotswood Public Schools">
Spotswood Public Schools

The Spotswood Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-kindergarten through twelfth grade from Helmetta and Spotswood, in Middlesex County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey.
Students from Helmetta, a non-operating district, attend school in Spotswood beginning in grammar school. Students from Milltown attend the high school as part of a sending/receiving relationship with the Milltown Public Schools.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the district, comprising four schools, had an enrollment of 1,610 students and 136.5 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 11.8:1.
The district is classified by the New Jersey Department of Education as being in District Factor Group "DE", the fifth-highest of eight groupings. District Factor Groups organize districts statewide to allow comparison by common socioeconomic characteristics of the local districts. From lowest socioeconomic status to highest, the categories are A, B, CD, DE, FG, GH, I and J.
Schools.
Schools in the district (with 2020–21 enrollment data from the National Center for Education Statistics) are:
Administration.
Core members of the district's administration are:
Board of education.
The district's board of education is composed of nine members who set policy and oversee the fiscal and educational operation of the district through its administration. As a Type II school district, the board's trustees are elected directly by voters to serve three-year terms of office on a staggered basis, with either one or two seats up for election each year held (since 2012) as part of the November general election. The board appoints a superintendent to oversee the district's day-to-day operations and a business administrator to supervise the business functions of the district.

</doc>
<doc id="6972620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972620" title="Len Gilmore">
Len Gilmore

Leonard Preston Gilmore ["Meow"] (November 3, 1917 – February 18, 2011) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball who appeared in one game for the Pittsburgh Pirates in the 1944 season. Listed at , , Gilmore batted and threw right-handed.
He was born in Fairview Park, Indiana and graduated from Clinton High School, also in Indiana. His father worked in the mines and his mother was a native of Austria.
After high school, Gilmore played freshman baseball at Indiana State University before embarking on an intermittent minor league baseball career. Gilmore expected to be drafted during World War II but was found to be physically unfit for service. In 1943, he tried out for the Pirates during spring training at their camp in Muncie, Indiana and was signed to a contract. He spent the 1943 and 1944 seasons in the minors with the Albany Senators. He was called up to the majors for the first time after the 1944 Eastern League season ended.
On the last day of the 1944 season, he got the opportunity to start the second game of a doubleheader against the Philadelphia Phillies at Shibe Park. Gilmore was credited with the loss, as he allowed seven earned runs on 13 hits, without walks or strikeouts in eight innings of work. Following the season, he was traded to the Oakland Oaks of the Pacific Coast League for Ken Gables. In Oakland, he was managed by Casey Stengel who he would later describe as the only man he ever hated.
Gilmore also pitched eleven minor league seasons, playing between 1938 and 1952 for nine teams in nine different leagues. He posted a combined 128–94 record and a 3.66 earned run average in 332 pitching appearances. 
Gilmore several of the final seasons of his professional career in Oklahoma and eventually made his home in Jones, Oklahoma. Following his baseball career, Gilmore worked for the Oklahoma City Fire Department, retiring as a captain in 1970. 
Gilmore married his wife, Virginia, in 1950 and had two daughters with her. Gilmore died in Oklahoma City on February 18, 2011, at the age of 93. At the time of his death, he was one of the oldest living major leaguers.

</doc>
<doc id="6972623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972623" title="Post-reform radiate">
Post-reform radiate

The post-reform radiate (the Latin name, like many Roman coins of this time, is unknown), was a Roman coin first issued by Diocletian during his currency reforms. The radiate looked very similar to the antoninianus (pre-reform radiate), with a radiate crown, similar to the one worn by the Roman deity, Sol Invictus. It is different from the Antoninianus because of the absence of the "XXI" that existed on pre-reform radiates, a symbol believed to have indicated a consistence of 20 parts bronze to 1 part silver. The post-reform radiate had little or no silver content. 
The weight can vary between 2.23 and 3.44 grams.
There also exists radiates of Maximian, Constantius I, and Galerius, Diocletian's co-rulers, in the same style.

</doc>
<doc id="6972628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972628" title="ROCS Kai Yang (DDG-924)">
ROCS Kai Yang (DDG-924)



</doc>
<doc id="6972629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972629" title="ROCS Kai Yang">
ROCS Kai Yang



</doc>
<doc id="6972630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972630" title="Ultimate Transformers">
Ultimate Transformers



</doc>
<doc id="6972633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972633" title="Calpoly">
Calpoly



</doc>
<doc id="6972634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972634" title="Mriganka Sur">
Mriganka Sur

Mriganka Sur (born 1953 in Fatehgarh, India) is an Indian neuroscientist. He is the Newton Professor of Neuroscience and Director of the Simons Center for the Social Brain at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He is also a visiting faculty member in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology Madras and N.R. Narayana Murthy Distinguished Chair in Computational Brain Research at the Centre for Computational Brain Research, IIT Madras. He was on the Life Sciences jury for the Infosys Prize in 2010 and has been serving as jury chair from 2018.
Biography.
Mriganka Sur did his early schooling at the St. Joseph's Collegiate School, Allahabad. He received the Bachelor of Technology degree in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Kanpur (IIT Kanpur) in 1974, and the Master of Science and PhD degrees in electrical engineering in 1975 and 1978, respectively, from Vanderbilt University in Nashville. After postdoctoral research at Stony Brook University, he was appointed to the faculty of Yale University School of Medicine in 1983. He joined the faculty of the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in 1986. He was named in 1993 professor of neuroscience and in 1997 head of the Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences. He is currently the Newton Professor of Neuroscience and director of the Simons Center for the Social Brain at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Work.
Sur is a pioneer in technology development for analyzing the function and structure of neurons and synapses in the live brain, and the study of brain plasticity and its mechanisms. His laboratory uses experimental and computational approaches to study developmental plasticity and dynamic changes in mature cortical networks during information processing and learning. His laboratory has discovered fundamental principles by which neurons of the cerebral cortex are wired during development and operate dynamically in adulthood to enable perception, cognition and action. 
In landmark experiments, he "rewired" the brain to explore how the environment influences the development of cortical circuits. The retina, which normally projects to the visual cortex, was induced to project to structures that normally process hearing. Visual input altered the development of neuronal connections in the auditory cortex, thus enabling animals to use their "hearing" cortex to "see."
These findings have implications for restoring function after brain damage and for constructing neural prostheses for recovery from stroke or trauma. The Sur laboratory also studies genes involved in constructing the cerebral cortex, and the ways in which gene networks are influenced by brain activity. These studies are providing important insights into childhood disorders such as autism. Stemming from this work, a pharmacological treatment for Rett syndrome is in advanced clinical trials.
By imaging calcium responses of single neurons and a closely related glial cell type, astrocytes, in vivo using high resolution imaging methods, his laboratory has discovered that astrocytes have remarkably specific functional properties and mediate blood flow to active brain regions. This work has revealed the mechanism for noninvasive brain imaging methods such as functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI).
The Sur lab pioneered all-optical measurements of single-neuron activity with cell-specific manipulations to discover unique functions of inhibitory neuron classes in brain computations. Their imaging technologies combined with decoding and encoding models have revealed novel principles of memory-guided decisions across cortical areas and subcortical targets. The impact of these discoveries, which answer long-standing questions about computations underlying learning, decision-making and sensory-motor transformations, ranges from understanding dysregulation in brain disorders to brain architectures for next-generation AI.
Honors and awards.
Sur has been elected to the membership of the National Academy of Medicine USA, the Royal Society of London, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the Indian National Science Academy and the World Academy of Sciences. He has also been elected to the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the National Academy of Sciences, India, the Rodin Academy Sweden, and the Neurosciences Research Program. He has been awarded the Krieg Cortical Discoverer Prize (2016) and the Doctor of Science "honoris causa" from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (2017). He has received the Charles Judson Herrick Award from the American Association of Anatomists (1983), the A.P. Sloan Foundation Fellowship (1985), the McKnight Neuroscience Development Award (1988), the School of Science Prize for Excellence in Graduate Teaching (2000), the Distinguished Overseas Lectureship of the Australian Neuroscience Society (2000), the Sigma Xi Distinguished Lectureship (2001), and the Distinguished Alumnus Award of IIT Kanpur (2002), and named among the top 50 alumni of IIT Kanpur (2010). He has been honoured at MIT with the Hans-Lukas Teuber Scholar Award in the Brain Sciences (1997), the Sherman Fairchild Chair (1998), and the Newton Chair (2008). 

</doc>
<doc id="6972636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972636" title="Genocide &amp; Juice">
Genocide &amp; Juice

Genocide &amp; Juice is the second studio album by American hip hop group the Coup. It was released on Wild Pitch Records in October 1994. It peaked at number 27 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers Albums chart, as well as number 62 on the Top R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
The album's title is a reference to the cocktail "gin and juice", made famous by Snoop Dogg's song of the same name, which was released nine months prior.

</doc>
<doc id="6972637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972637" title="John Parker, 1st Earl of Macclesfield">
John Parker, 1st Earl of Macclesfield



</doc>
<doc id="6972651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972651" title="Product tie-in">
Product tie-in



</doc>
<doc id="6972653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972653" title="A Good Woman">
A Good Woman

A Good Woman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6972659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972659" title="Ted Whitten Jnr">
Ted Whitten Jnr



</doc>
<doc id="6972660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972660" title="Denturist">
Denturist

A denturist in the United States and Canada, clinical dental technologist in the United Kingdom and Ireland, dental prosthetist in Australia, or a clinical dental technician in New Zealand is a member of the oral health care team and role as primary oral health care provider who provides an oral health examination, planning treatment, takes impressions of the surrounding oral tissues, constructs and delivers removable oral prosthesis treatment (including dentures and partial dentures) directly to the patient.
Definitions.
Denturism is defined as the practice by denturists of examining oral health, planning treatment, making artificial dentures including other removable oral appliances and fitting them to patients. It is a recognized profession throughout the world and currently utilized in many countries including Australia, New Zealand, United States, United Kingdom and Canada. In the United States, denturism is only legislated and practiced in 7 states (Maine, Arizona, Idaho, Montana, Washington, Oregon, and Colorado). However, in Australia, the United Kingdom and Canada, all states, provinces and territories recognize the profession.
The criteria and training to become a denturist vary by country and region; however, after completion of required prerequisites which are completion of a dental technology program or several years of experience in denturitry with completion of core required courses, generally the denturism programs take 3–5 years and the qualification ranges from a Diploma to a master's degree. Due to the diversity in training, the scope of practice for a denturist can vary among countries; however, the general principle remains the same.
Denturist curriculum contains courses such as, General biology, Microbiology, Human anatomy, Head and Neck anatomy, Dental anatomy, Physiology, Dental Materials, Dental technology theory, Infection prevention and control, Radiographic interpretation, Periodontology, Histology, Embryology, Nutrition, Psychology, Pathophysiology, Oral pathology, Pharmacology, Gerontology, Ethics, Removable and Fixed prosthetics, Implantology, Removable oral appliances, Clinical &amp; Laboratory theory, Practice management, etc.
The program is competitive and selective. Prospective students are encouraged to complete and earn Dental Technology Degree prior to applying Denture Specialist Program. By acquiring Dental Technology knowledge prior to entering Denture Specialist Program would help students to follow course works with better understanding. Work experience from denturist clinic, denture laboratory and other dental field is plus to be succeed before and after graduation.
Role in the dental team.
Denturists are an important part of the dental team. They often work alongside general dentists, dental specialists and other members of a dental team in both private and public sectors of the oral health workforce.
They can also work independently in their own clinic with patients providing appropriate management and treatment of dentures and other oral appliances. Denturists are well educated in clinical and technical knowledge of denture care, as well as completing many hours of practical skills in producing dentures. They ultimately receive more comprehensive study in oral prosthetics than any other health professional including the general dentist since dental schools less emphasis in their curriculum about removable prosthetics and focus on implantology in contrast denturist schools teaches mainstream of removable prosthetics and dentures and spend several years for training. Therefore, the collaborative role of denturists provides an important model of re-allocating dental services to alleviate stresses from the general dentists, reserving time for restorative, cosmetic, hygiene, and emergency dental procedures.
Denturists differ from both dental technicians and prosthodontists. Dental technicians are registered members of the dental team who support dental practitioners in the delivery of dental services. Prosthodontists are qualified dentists, who have specialized in making fixed or removable appliances for patients.
History of denturism.
Dentures throughout the ages.
The use of "false teeth" has prevailed throughout the course of history. Archaeological evidence dating back to 1500 B.C. was found in Egypt. The Egyptians would use real teeth threaded with a gold wire to create a false set of teeth. In northern Italy 700 B.C., the Etruscans made dentures out of animal teeth. Hence the world of dental prosthodontics began to take shape. Despite being made of low quality material and having short life spans, dentures were relatively popular.
The first complete set of dentures is attributed to 16th century Japan. They were known as the Japanese box and are quite similar in shape to modern day dentures.
In the 1700s, ivory dentures were developed from walrus, elephant or hippopotamus tusks. Alexis Duchateu crafted the first porcelain dentures in 1770. These were prone to cracking and appeared too white to be natural teeth. Duchateus was a pharmacist, since Denturist, as an occupation was yet to be established.
In the 1800s, the incidence of dental decay and tooth loss began to increase rapidly. The industrialisation period meant the consumption of sugar among British citizens increased by 500 percent. A need for an alternative form of dentures was needed.
In 1815, the Battle of Waterloo gave rise to the highly demanded "Waterloo teeth". These were dentures crafted primarily from the teeth of dead soldiers seated in a base of animal ivory. Waterloo dentures gave the appearance of natural teeth and were not as prone to breakage as porcelain dentures.
In 1820, Claudius Ash was given the task of crafting a new and improved form of dentures. Ash was a silversmith and goldsmith. He constructed porcelain on 18-karat gold plates. The springs that held the dentures together were also made of gold. Dentures that were previously made from natural teeth or porcelain were both aesthetically and functionally inferior in comparison to Ash's design.
In the 1850s, Ash and his company developed Vulcanite (hardened rubber that seated porcelain teeth). His company was the leading supplier of this form of dentures in Europe. Charles Goodyear was awarded the patent for Vulcanite-based dentures in 1851. Dentures, at the time, were primarily focused on aesthetics. Early in the 20th century, Dentistry shifted from treatment based therapy to prevention and as such, dentures that were in line with good health became more favourable. Having a clear occupation for dentures alone became a requirement.
Legal recognition of denturists.
The 1919 Tasmanian Dental Act made a clear distinction between the role of a Dentist and the practice of denture making. For a patient that required dentures, a consultation by referral from a Dentist became normal procedure.
Denturism – that is the field of dentures - was not recognised until more recent times. 
The Health Amendment Act (1933) was the first legal document that gave rise to the practice of Denturism in Canada. The Dental Mechanics Act of Alberta (1961) was the future update to this legislation allowing Denturists to begin work in the field. They were also known as "Dental Mechanics" or "Denture Therapists."
This gave rise for the need for legal recognition of denturists in other countries. In the United States, the first legally recognised Denturists were found in Oregon, 1971. In 1974, denturists were first legally recognised and in 1978, Denture Therapists began practicing.
The increasing rate of ill-fitting, misaligned, unstable and unsupportive dentures motivated three Denturists in 1956 to pursue international recognition. Rolf Pfenniger, Hannes Stiebler and Stephan Grabert formed the Internationale Arbeitsgemeinschaft der Zahnprothetiker. In English, this is the International Federation of Denturists.
Denturists have campaigned for the right to practice independently in many states, with the argument that they can provide greater access and lower-cost prosthetic services. This argument has been disproved by examining other jurisdictions in the world which have both dentists and denturists. In Canada, six years after regulating of denturists commenced, the fees quoted in their fee guide were similar to those of dentists. Consequently, most of these campaigns have so far failed.
In some jurisdictions, denturists must operate under the supervision or oral health certificate of a dentist. Many dentists argue that this does not happen. For example, in 1991, investigators hired by the Arizona Dental Association found that only three out of the state's 13 denturists advised callers to see a dentist before visiting them. Many denturists argue that from a business point of view dentists are viewed as competition and in many locations dentists may "steal their business" after doing an exam. With the work of the IFD and other denturist campaigns across the globe, there is hope for clearer recognition and scope in future.
Training in different countries.
Australia.
The following programs of study have currently been approved by the Dental Board of Australia for the profession of dental prosthetics. On successful completion of the selected courses, individuals are required to register with the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency to practice legally as a dental prosthetist. 
Canada.
The following programs of study have currently been approved by the Denturist Association of Canada for the profession of denturism. On successful completion of the selected courses, individuals are then required to complete a Qualifying Examination administered by the College of Denturists, consisting of two components: a written examination and a structured clinical examination. Upon successful completion of the examination, individuals may then register with the College of Denturists of Ontario to practice legally as a denturist. 
United States.
In the United States, there are certain prerequisites that need to be completed before individuals can apply at either of the two programs of study approved by the National Denturist Association USA. The perquisites vary from prior work experience to related education in the dental field. 
On successful completion of the selected courses, individuals are then required to complete a jurisdiction, written and clinical examination offered by each legislated state. Upon successful completion of the examination, individuals can register with each legislated state and the National Denturist Association USA to practice legally as a denturist.
United Kingdom.
The following programs of study have currently been approved by the General Dental Council for the profession of clinical dental technologist. Required prerequisites must be completed prior to enter Clinical Dental Technology Program. On successful completion of the selected courses, individuals are required to register with the General Dental Council to practice legally as a clinical dental technologist. 
Scope of practice in different countries.
The scope of practice differs in each country, based on the training undertaken.
Australia.
The following scope of practice has been outlined by the Australian Dental Association for registered dental prosthetists. 
Dental prosthetists in Australia can: 
United States.
The following scope of practice has been outlined by the National Denturist Association for registered denturists. 
Denturists in the United States can: 
United Kingdom.
The following scope of practice has been outlined by the General Dental council for registered clinical dental technologist. 
Clinical dental technologist in the United Kingdom can: 
Additional skills which CDTs in the UK could develop include: 
Canada.
The following scope of practice has been outlined by the Denturist Association of Canada for registered denturists. 
Denturists in Canada can: 

</doc>
<doc id="6972662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972662" title="Grybaulia">
Grybaulia

Grybaulia is a small village in Dzūkija National Park in Lithuania. The village is best known for its extensive fish ponds, which, surrounded by boreal forests provide breeding, feeding and wintering habitats for a number of bird species.
Grybaulia village is located c. from Druskininkai, from Marcinkonys, from Musteika (the nearest settlement), from the Belarusian border.
Etymology.
The name "Grybaulia" comes from a word 'a mushroom' with a Slavic prefix meaning 'a place of [abundant] mushrooms'. During the Interwar period current Grybaulia village was made from two parts called "Kanalai" ('canals') and "Baubliai" (from a personal name "Baublys" which correspondingly comes from a bird name 'bittern').

</doc>
<doc id="6972665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972665" title="Kikokushijo Academy">
Kikokushijo Academy

Kikokushijo Academy (K.A.), an after-school and weekend English program in Japan, specializes in education for returnees (kikokushijo) and bicultural students. It is affiliated with KAIS International School. The academy serves students aged 4 to 18 who speak English at or near a native level. Established in 2004, the academy operates in Meguro, Toritsudaigaku, Meidaimae, Tama Plaza, Funabashi, Nishi-Funabashi, and Shimokitazawa. K.A. also offers a comprehensive online program managed through its online materials and teaching platform, 'K.A. Connect,' accessible to all students. In addition to fostering critical thinking and ensuring students not only maintain but also enhance their English skills for lifelong use, Kikokushijo Academy emphasizes helping students gain admission to junior high schools and high schools with specialized English programs, as well as to universities both domestically and internationally, with several graduates having gained admission to Ivy League schools. In addition to taking internally administered tests to determine the most suitable returnee schools for their abilities, K.A. students also prepare for standardized tests such as the Eiken, TOEFL iBT, and United Nations Associations Test of English, and the SAT and ACT. The CEO and co-founder of Kikokushijo Academy is Charles Knudsen, who is the author of Welcome Home, a guide for parents of returnee children. 

</doc>
<doc id="6972668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972668" title="Credit Rating Agency">
Credit Rating Agency



</doc>
<doc id="6972671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972671" title="The Elephant Calf">
The Elephant Calf

The Elephant Calf (German: Das Elefantenkalb), also known as The Baby Elephant, is an early one-act surrealistic prose farce written by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht. It originally formed the penultimate scene of Brecht's full-length play "Man Equals Man", but by 1926 Brecht had separated it to an appendix to the published text. It was performed as part of "Man Equals Man" that same year. It is an interlude form of play within a play and in a later note Brecht suggests that it is "to be played in the foyer". He has also given it the subtitle "or The provability of any and every contention".

</doc>
<doc id="6972672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972672" title="David Dodge (novelist)">
David Dodge (novelist)

David Francis Dodge (August 18, 1910, Berkeley, California – August 8, 1974, San Miguel de Allende, Mexico) was an American author of mystery/thriller novels and humorous travel books. His first book was published in 1941. His fiction is characterized by tight plotting, brisk dialogue, memorable and well-defined characters, and often exotic locations. His travel writing documented the adventures and misadventures of the Dodge family (David, his wife Elva and daughter Kendal) as they roamed around the world. Practical advice and information for the traveler on a budget are sprinkled liberally throughout the books.
Biography.
David Dodge was born in Berkeley, California, the youngest child of George Andrew Dodge, a San Francisco architect, and Maude Ellingwood Bennett Dodge. Following George's death in an automobile accident, Maude "Monnie" Dodge moved the family (David and his three older sisters, Kathryn, Frances, and Marian) to Southern California, where David attended Lincoln High School in Los Angeles but did not graduate.
After leaving school, he worked as a bank messenger, a marine fireman, a stevedore, and a night watchman. In 1934, he went to work for the San Francisco accounting firm of McLaren, Goode &amp; Company, becoming a Certified Public Accountant in 1937. On July 17, 1936, he was married to Elva Keith, a former Macmillan Company editorial representative, and their only daughter, Kendal, was born in 1940. After the attack on Pearl Harbor he joined the U.S. Naval Reserve, emerging three years later with the rank of Lieutenant Commander.
David Dodge's first experience as a writer came through his involvement with the Macondray Lane Players, a group of amateur playwrights, producers, and actors whose goal was to create a theater purely for pleasure. The group was founded by George Henry Burkhardt (Dodge's brother-in-law) and performed exclusively at Macondria, a little theater located in the basement of Burkhardt's house at 56 Macondray Lane on San Francisco's Russian Hill. His publishing career began in 1936 when he won First Prize in the Northern California Drama Association's Third Annual One Act Play Tournament. The prize-winning play, "A Certain Man Had Two Sons," was subsequently published by the Banner Play Bureau, of San Francisco. Another Dodge play, "Christmas Eve at the Mermaid," co-written by Loyall McLaren (his boss at McLaren, Goode &amp; Co.), was performed as the Bohemian Club's Christmas play of 1940, and again in 1959. In 1961, the Grabhorn Press published the play in a volume entitled "Shakespeare in Bohemia".
His career as a writer really began, however, when he made a bet with his wife that he could write a better mystery novel than the ones they were reading during a rainy family vacation. He drew on his professional experience as a CPA and wrote his first novel, "Death and Taxes", featuring San Francisco tax expert and reluctant detective James "Whit" Whitney. It was published by Macmillan in 1941 and he won five dollars from Elva. Three more Whitney novels soon followed: "Shear the Black Sheep" (Macmillan, 1942), "Bullets for the Bridegroom" (Macmillan, 1944) and "It Ain't Hay" (Simon &amp; Schuster, 1946), in which Whit tangles with marijuana smugglers. With its subject matter and extremely evocative cover art on both the first edition dust jacket and the paperback reprint, this book remains one of Dodge's most collectible titles.
Upon his release from active duty by the Navy in 1945, Dodge left San Francisco and set out for Guatemala by car with his wife and daughter, beginning his second career as a travel writer. The Dodge family's misadventures on the road through Mexico are hilariously documented in "How Green Was My Father" (Simon &amp; Schuster, 1947). His Latin American experiences also produced a second series character, expatriate private investigator and tough-guy adventurer Al Colby, who first appears in "The Long Escape" (Random House, 1948).
After two more well-received Colby books in 1949 and 1950, Dodge abandoned series characters and focused on stand-alone suspense adventures set in exotic locales around the world; "To Catch a Thief" was Dodge's greatest career success, primarily due to the fact the Alfred Hitchcock purchased film rights before the novel was even published in 1952 and turned it into the 1955 Paramount film starring Cary Grant and Grace Kelly.
For the remainder of his career, Dodge alternated between mystery and travel writing, continuing the saga of the Dodge family as they bumble and bargain their way around the world. "The Poor Man’s Guide to Europe", a "tipsheet for nickel-nursers and skinflints" appeared in 1953 and was so successful that Random House issued annual revised editions from 1954 to 1959. It was also a Book-of-the-Month Club selection. Although this book was a more traditional—and practical—travel book, it too was liberally sprinkled with anecdotes of the Dodge family's personal experiences. He also wrote numerous travel articles for various magazines, appearing as a regular contributor to "Holiday" magazine from 1948 to 1968.
In 1968, David and Elva settled in San Miguel de Allende, Mexico. Elva died on October 17, 1973. David died less than a year later on August 8, 1974. They are both buried in San Miguel.
Although a writer by profession, Dodge's true love was travel. He was fond of explaining that while many writers traveled in order to gather material to write about, his goal was to write in order to gather money to travel.
In 2005, Hard Case Crime reprinted Dodge's second Al Colby novel, "Plunder of the Sun", and in 2006 published his last completed novel, "The Last Match". The manuscript, which remained unsold at the time of his death, was discovered among his papers.
Bruin Books reprinted "Death and Taxes" and "To Catch a Thief" in 2010, "The Long Escape" in 2011, and "Carambola" in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6972674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972674" title="Thomas MA Fink">
Thomas MA Fink



</doc>
<doc id="6972677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972677" title="East Ji Anti-Communist Autonomous Administration">
East Ji Anti-Communist Autonomous Administration



</doc>
<doc id="6972681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972681" title="USS Richard B. Anderson">
USS Richard B. Anderson

USS "Richard B. Anderson" (DD-786) was a "Gearing"-class destroyer of the United States Navy, named for USMC Private First Class Richard B. Anderson (1921–1944), who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for heroism during the Battle of Kwajalein.
Construction and career.
"Richard B. Anderson" was laid down on 1 December 1944 by Todd Pacific Shipyards, Inc., Seattle, Washington; launched on 7 July 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Oscar A. Anderson, mother of PFC Anderson; and commissioned on 26 October 1945. Among the "Anderson"'s plank owners was Motor Machinists Mate Robert L. Anderson (Richard's brother). Ship was featured in the movie The Caine Mutiny, shown at the end of the movie.
Service in the United States Navy.
World War II.
After shakedown, "Richard B. Anderson", homeported at San Diego, California, served as plane guard for "Essex"-class carriers operating off southern California. Immobilized by a shortage of personnel in the fall of 1946, she was fully active by January 1947 and in February she participated in fleet exercises off Hawaii. Search and rescue (SAR) operations, local exercises off California and an overhaul took up the remainder of 1947 and early 1948.
On 9 March 1948, she sailed for Pearl Harbor; conducted two weeks of anti-submarine warfare (ASW) exercises there; then continued across the Pacific for duty with the 7th Fleet. In April, she arrived at Tsingtao, China, then shifted to Buckner Bay, Okinawa, for further exercises. In mid-May she was back in Chinese waters. Duty at Tsingtao and Shanghai was followed by visits to Hong Kong and Manila and during late August and early September a return to China. On 12 November she sailed for California, arriving on the 26th. In March 1949, the destroyer took part in Aerobee guided missile tests at the magnetic equator. Five months later, she again sailed west for duty with the 7th Fleet. Operating primarily in the Philippines during that tour, she visited Saigon, Indochina, 16–23 March 1950, and witnessed operations of Viet Minh forces against French authorities.
Korean War.
"Richard B. Anderson" returned to the United States in June. Hostilities broke out in Korea soon thereafter and on 19 February 1951 she sailed west again with Destroyer Division 12 (DesDiv 12). On 12 March, she arrived at Sasebo, Japan, and two days later joined Task Force 77 (TF 77) off the east coast of the embattled peninsula. Into April she served as escort and plane guard for the aircraft carriers launching strikes against North Korean and Chinese forces, power sources and supply, industrial, and transport centers. At Yokosuka in mid-April, she was back off Korea for an amphibious feint against the mining and transport center of Tanchon at the end of the month. In May, she conducted ASW exercises off Japan and Okinawa, and in June, she operated as a unit of the Taiwan Strait Patrol. During July she conducted hunter-killer (HUK) exercises; then, in August, she resumed operations with TF 77 and spent the last weeks of her deployment off Korea.
The destroyer arrived at San Diego on 30 September. Seven months later she headed back across the Pacific, again stopping in Hawaii. On 12 June 1952 she rejoined TF 77 and, with an interruption for a railway interdiction mission on the 25th, remained with the carriers into July. On 9 July she returned to Japan; conducted ASW exercises south of there until the 31st; then steamed for Keelung and another tour of patrol duty in the Taiwan Strait. On 21 August she was back off Korea, as a unit of TF 95, the U.N. Blockade and Escort Force. On the 23rd she shifted from Wonsan to Songjin and on the 27th she rejoined TF 77. Detached on the 30th, she participated in support operations along the bombline until the 2nd, then, on the 3rd, headed back to Yokosuka. At mid-month she moved to Hakodate, Hokkaido, for HUK operations and at the end of the month she rejoined TF 77. With two interruptions for harassment and interdiction missions, she remained with TF 77 until the 18th, then joined TF 70 for operations south of Japan. In November, she resumed operations with the carriers of TF 77.
On 24 November 1952, "Richard B. Anderson" departed Korea for Yokosuka. SAR duty followed and on 6 December she headed for Guam and the United States. In January 1953, "Anderson" was selected for a cameo appearance in "The Caine Mutiny": at the end of the movie, she steams out of San Francisco as now-LTJG Willie Keith's new ship, skippered by now-CDR DeVrees, his original commanding officer aboard the "Caine".
After Korea, "Richard B. Anderson" alternated between duty with the 7th Fleet in the western Pacific (WestPac) and training operations and regular overhauls on the west coast. In July 1960, she put into the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard for a Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM I) overhaul and emerged in May 1961 with ASROC, DASH, modernized communications equipment, and improved berthing and messing areas. Trials, refresher training and fleet exercise Operation "Sea Shell" occupied the remainder of 1961.
In May 1962, the "new" destroyer participated in Operation Swordfish, part of Operation Dominic, the series of nuclear tests carried out at Christmas Island and elsewhere. "Swordfish" was the open-ocean, live-firing test of a Nuclear Anti-Submarine Rocket (ASROC) weapon. On her return, she shifted from Destroyer Division 12 (DesDiv 12) to DesDiv 51. Operations with her new squadron, Destroyer Squadron 5 (DesRon 5), a good will visit to Portland, Oregon, and local exercises followed. In November she resumed her annual WestPac deployment schedule.
Through the 1950s and during her 1962–63 deployment, "Richard B. Anderson" participated in ASW/HUK exercises, SEATO operations, and joint United States-Japanese exercises and served on Taiwan patrol duty. On 5 August 1964, however, she headed west for a combat zone, Vietnam. On the 28th she arrived at Subic Bay, Philippine Islands, and in early September took up station in Tonkin Gulf in support of the carriers of TF 77. At the end of the month she returned to Subic Bay, then steamed to Hong Kong where she served as station ship during October. In mid-November she returned to Vietnam and for almost 2 months she screened ready amphibious groups off southern South Vietnam and carrier striking groups in Tonkin Gulf; conducted surveys of hostile islands; and served on picket station. In mid-January, she steamed into Yokosuka Harbor and on the 19th she sailed for home.
Vietnam War.
Arriving at San Diego on 1 February 1965, "Richard B. Anderson", resumed duties with the 1st Fleet. For the rest of 1965, she remained in the eastern Pacific — conducting training exercises, including a midshipman cruise; serving as electronics school ship; and participating in division and fleet exercises. On 7 January 1966, she headed west again. In early February she joined TG 77.5 off the coast of South Vietnam. Detached briefly for surveillance duty, she remained with TG 77.5 until the 11th, then took up picket station duty south of Hainan Island. On the 17th she headed for Japan and on 3 March she returned to the Philippines. At mid-month she was back off Vietnam for gunfire support duty near Huế. In early April she briefly visited Hong Kong, then resumed operations in Tonkin Gulf. At the end of the month she underwent availability at Kaohsiung and on her return to Vietnam alternated between plane guard duty with and shore bombardment missions in the Mekong Delta. On 15 June she steamed north for a last visit to Japan prior to returning to the United States.
"Richard B. Anderson" arrived back at San Diego on 10 July. Overhaul, school ship duty, and local and fleet exercises followed. On 25 April 1967, she again sailed west. During June, July, part of August, and most of September, she performed plane guard and search and rescue (SAR) duties off the coast of Vietnam. By the end of October, she was back in San Diego.
Varied assignments — "quickstart" ship, schoolship, an overhaul, and midshipman training cruise ship — occupied the winter, spring, and summer. At the end of September 1968 she again deployed to WestPac. Two weeks of exercises off Hawaii followed her departure from California and on the 27th she arrived at Yokosuka. Three days later she steamed for Vietnam. Gunfire support duty south of the demilitarized zone (DMZ) and off Da Nang took her well into November. SEATO exercises followed, and at the end of the month she returned to the combat zone for operations with the fast carriers. In mid-December she steamed to Japan, but was back off Vietnam for further gunfire support duty in early January 1969. From Da Nang to the DMZ, she shelled Vietcong and North Vietnamese Army concentrations, and provided night harassment and interdiction fire at known enemy positions. Detached on the 20th, she participated in another SEATO exercise, visited Hong Kong, and on 6 February took up escort and plane-guard duty in the Tonkin Gulf. In March she resumed gunfire support duty north of Nha Trang. On the 21st, she proceeded to Kaohsiung for repair and maintenance work, then returned to Tonkin Gulf for plane-guard duty. In mid-April she was ordered to the Sea of Japan for brief duty with a carrier task group, newly organized to protect surveillance flights, and, at the end of the month she sailed for home.
Arriving on 11 May she underwent overhaul during the late summer and early fall, then resumed a schedule of training exercises, schoolship duty, and in March 1970, operations with . She then prepared for another WestPac deployment. On 27 May she got underway but the ship was forced to turn back due to crew sabotage of one of the reduction gears. Apparently nuts, bolts and chains were dropped down the port reduction gear. Several sailors were charged with causing the damage, but the case was later dismissed. Repairs were completed at Long Beach and in August she was once again en route to WestPac and another tour with the 7th Fleet which she completed in January 1971.
"Richard B. Anderson" arrived at San Diego 10 February 1971 and operated out of that port until 20 October, when embarked upon an extended deployment in the Far East. She arrived in Yokosuka, Japan, her new home port, 11 November 1971. She conducted various support duties off the coast of Vietnam including duty on the gunline and plane-guard duty with aircraft carriers. During the period 11 December 1971 – 10 January 1972, she was deployed to the Indian Ocean because of the Indo-Pakistani war. In March 1972, "Anderson" was again engaged in gunfire support operations off the coast of Vietnam. In April 1975, she participated in "Operation Frequent Wind" in which many South Vietnamese refugees were rescued as they were fleeing the conquest of Saigon by North Vietnamese communists.
Service in the Republic of China Navy.
The destroyer remained in service until decommissioned on 20 December 1975 and officially transferred to the Republic of China (Taiwan) through the Security Assistance Program on 1 June 1977. The warship served as ROCS "Kai Yang" (DD-924) in the Republic of China Navy.
In 1980s, she underwent the Wu-Chin II modernization program and reclassified as DDG-924.
She was retired on 16 November 1999. She was then towed out to sea to be sunk as an artificial reef.
A surviving 5"/38cal gun and an anchor from the ship are preserved in 823 Artillery Battle Memorial Park, Taichung and veterans of the ship are still maintaining her. Her mast and Hsiung-Feng I missile launcher are on display at the Taipei Naval Command.
Awards.
"Richard B. Anderson" earned four battle stars for service during the Korean War and eleven during tours off Vietnam. She was awarded the Secretary of the Navy's Meritorious Unit Commendation three times, in addition to the Humanitarian Service Medal, and her personnel earned the Combat Action Ribbon five times.

</doc>
<doc id="6972684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972684" title="List of Captain Planet episodes">
List of Captain Planet episodes

The following is a list of episodes from the "Captain Planet and the Planeteers" animated series. The show was the second longest-running cartoon series of the 1990s, with a total of 113 episodes.
"Captain Planet and the Planeteers" episodes.
Season 1 (1990–91).
LeVar Burton does the opening narration. Special guest stars in this season include Christopher Daniel Barnes, Mark Langston, and Michelle Langston.
Season 2 (1991–92).
Special guest stars in this season include Franklin Ajaye, Robert Ito, and Ricki Lake.
Season 3 (1992).
The opening dialogue is changed to have Linka located in Eastern Europe, since the Soviet Union went defunct.
Special guest stars in this season include Don McLean, Kate Mulgrew, and Bob Weir.
"The New Adventures of Captain Planet" episodes.
Season 4 (1993–94).
David Coburn does the opening narration instead of LeVar Burton.
Special guest stars in this season include Robby Benson, Mark Hamill, Helen Hunt, Robert Patrick, Brock Peters, Robert Picardo, and Lark Voorhies.
Season 5 (1994–95).
Special guest stars in this season include Dan Frischman, Robert Guillaume, Mark Hamill, Robert Patrick, Robert Picardo, and Lark Voorhies.
Season 6 (1995–96).
This is notable that in season six, the opening dialog was replaced by a new rap theme. Unaired in the United States, until Boomerang finally aired it on April 22, 2006. In addition, all voice actors are credited by their roles and by episode.

</doc>
<doc id="6972685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972685" title="Fairhills">
Fairhills



</doc>
<doc id="6972691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972691" title="A Man's a Man">
A Man's a Man



</doc>
<doc id="6972698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972698" title="Alicja Bachleda-Curuś">
Alicja Bachleda-Curuś

Alicja Bachleda-Curuś (pron. ; born 12 May 1983) is a Polish actress and singer who has appeared in films including "Trade", "Ondine" and "Pan Tadeusz".
Early life.
Bachleda-Curuś was born in Tampico, Mexico. She is the daughter of Lidia and Tadeusz Bachleda-Curuś, a geologist who was working in Mexico at that time. She has a brother, Tadeusz Bachleda-Curuś and half-sister, Urszula Welenc. Her uncle, Adam Bachleda-Curuś, is the former mayor of Zakopane, Poland, the city where she was raised.
While growing up in Poland, Bachleda studied at the Elżbieta Armatys's Theater, Music and Dance Studio with an additional profile with extended learning of Spanish and English. She studied Iberian studies and cultural studies at the Jagiellonian University, but suspended her studies due to professional reasons She studied acting at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute in New York City, as well as psychology at the University of California where she graduated with a degree in art history.
Acting career.
At age 15, Bachleda landed a lead role in the 1999 film "Pan Tadeusz", directed by Academy Award-winning Polish director Andrzej Wajda. Four years later, she won a role in Polish soap opera "Na dobre i na złe". Bachleda then began crossing over into mainstream films outside Poland, appearing in the German film "Sommersturm," a coming of age story, in 2004. Bachleda-Curuś returned to Mexico to film the 2007 thriller "Trade", starring Kevin Kline, an unflinching look at the world of human trafficking. Bachleda then returned to Europe to play a Jewish girl in the historical drama "", which took place during World War II in Transylvania, Romania. Her next film was 2009's "Ondine", a film about an Irish fisherman who thinks he catches a selkie, a mythological seal/human.
In 2012 Bachleda-Curuś starred as Eleanor of Austria, Queen of Poland in "September Eleven 1683", and appeared in a lead role in "The Girl Is in Trouble".
Personal life.
On 7 October 2009 in Los Angeles, Bachleda-Curuś gave birth to her son Henry with Irish actor Colin Farrell. He was baptized on 29 December 2009 in the Roman Catholic Church of the Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Kraków. It was reported on 15 October 2010 that Farrell and Bachleda-Curuś had separated.

</doc>
<doc id="6972714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972714" title="Saio">
Saio

Saio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6972721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972721" title="Start bit">
Start bit



</doc>
<doc id="6972723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972723" title="Tacna y Moquegua">
Tacna y Moquegua



</doc>
<doc id="6972725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972725" title="Saioh">
Saioh



</doc>
<doc id="6972734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972734" title="Johnny van't Schip">
Johnny van't Schip



</doc>
<doc id="6972757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972757" title="Cascaded integrator–comb filter">
Cascaded integrator–comb filter

In digital signal processing, a cascaded integrator–comb (CIC) is a computationally efficient class of low-pass finite impulse response (FIR) filter that chains N number of integrator and comb filter pairs (where N is the filter's order) to form a decimator or interpolator. In a decimating CIC, the input signal is first fed through N integrator stages, followed by a down-sampler, and then N comb stages. An interpolating CIC (e.g. Figure 1) has the reverse order of this architecture, but with the down-sampler replaced with a zero-stuffer (up-sampler).
Operation.
CIC filters were invented by Eugene B. Hogenauer in 1979 (published in 1981), and are a class of FIR filters used in multi-rate digital signal processing.
Unlike most FIR filters, it has a down-sampler or up-sampler in the middle of the structure, which converts between the high sampling rate of formula_1 used by the integrator stages and the low sampling rate of formula_2 used by the comb stages.
Transfer function.
At the high sampling rate of a CIC's transfer function in the z-domain is:
where:
Integrator–comb is simple moving average.
An integrator–comb filter is an efficient implementation of a simple 1-order moving-average FIR filter, with division by formula_11 omitted. To see this, consider how a simple moving average filter can be implemented recursively by adding the newest sample formula_12 to the previous result formula_13 and subtracting the oldest sample 
The second equality corresponds to a comb filter that gets integrated 
Cascaded integrator–comb yields higher-order moving average.
Higher-order CIC structures are obtained by cascading formula_6 identical simple moving average filters, then rearranging the sections to place all integrators first (decimator) or combs first (interpolator). Such rearrangement is possible because both the combs, the integrators, and the entire structure are linear time-invariant (LTI) systems.
In the interpolating CIC, its upsampler (which normally precedes an interpolation filter) is passed through the comb sections using a Noble identity, reducing the number of delay elements needed by a factor of formula_4. Similarly, in the decimating CIC, its downsampler (which normally follows a decimation filter) is moved before the comb sections.
Features.
CIC filters have some appealing features:
Frequency response.
In the z-domain, each integrator contributes one pole at DC (formula_17) and one zero at the origin (formula_18). Each comb contributes formula_11 poles at the origin and formula_11 zeroes that are equally-spaced around the z-domain's unit circle, but its first zero at DC cancels out with each integrator's pole. N-order CIC filters have N times as many poles and zeros in the same locations as the 1-order.
Thus, the 1-order CIC's frequency response is a crude low-pass filter. Typically the gain is normalized by dividing by formula_21 so DC has the peak of unity gain. The main lobes drop off as it reaches the next zero, and is followed by a series of successive lobes that have smaller and smaller peaks, separated by the subsequent zeros. This approximates at large formula_4 a sinc-in-frequency.
An N-order CIC's shape corresponds to multiplying that sinc shape on itself N times, resulting in successively greater attenuation. Thus, N-order CIC filters are called sinc filters. The first sidelobe is attenuated .
Sinc filters are commonly used with delta-sigma modulation ADCs just prior to downsampling to the desired output data rate (ODR) of formula_2. A sinc filter's frequency response will lie under a envelope, so higher orders have steeper roll off for cutting out more high frequency noise, but will also have a lower -3 dB frequency. Another tradeoff is that a sinc filter's settling time will be , so higher order filters cost additional latency.
The CIC filter's possible range of responses is limited by this shape. Larger amounts of stopband rejection can be achieved by increasing the order, but that increases attenuation in the passband and requires increased bit width for the integrator and comb sections. For this reason, many real-world filtering requirements cannot be met by a CIC filter alone.
Shape compensation.
A short to moderate length FIR or infinite impulse response (IIR) filter can compensate for the falling slope of a CIC filter's shape. Multiple interpolation and decimation rates can reuse the same set of compensation FIR coefficients, since the shape of the CIC's main lobe changes very little when the decimation ratio is changed.

</doc>
<doc id="6972759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972759" title="1999 Proposition B in Missouri Participants">
1999 Proposition B in Missouri Participants



</doc>
<doc id="6972764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972764" title="Chief Khalsa Diwan">
Chief Khalsa Diwan

The Chief Khalsa Diwan ( C.K.D.) or Chief Khalsa Diwan Charitable Society ( C.K.D.C.S.) is a Sikh organisation that is the central organization of various Singh Sabhas spread across Punjab, India. Unlike the Shiromani Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee, the C.K.D. is an apolitical body and only concerns itself with religious, educational and cultural issues. The organization originally controlled Sikh religious and educational concerns and was an advocate of Sikh political rights, though it presently is mostly limited to educational spheres. It was the main council of Sikhs until the birth of more radical organizations, such as the Central Sikh League (est. 1919), the S.G.P.C. (est. 1920), and the Akali Dal (est. 1920).
History.
Background.
The organization was originally planned as the replacement and amalgamation of the Khalsa Diwan Amritsar and Khalsa Diwan Lahore, as both these institutions had been embroiled in conflict that was hindering the progress of the on-going Singh Sabha movement. On Vaisakhi day in 1901, a public meeting was convened at the Malwai Bunga in Amritsar that established a committee to work towards setting up a unitary fellowship. A draft of the planned body was adopted on 21 September 1902.
Establishment.
The Chief Khalsa Diwan was established on 30 October 1902. The organisation was founded by Bhai Vir Singh, Arjan Singh Bagrian, Sundar Singh Majithia, Tarlochan Singh, and Harbans Singh Attari. The opening session of the organization was held at the Malwai Bunga within the Golden Temple complex of Amritsar on the same day as the organization's establishment. The opening session had a performance of the Sikh "ardas", which was carried-out by Teja Singh of Bhasur. In the first session, the following persons were elected to high positions within the organization:
A sum of twenty-five Singh Sabha chapters (representing congregations in Amritsar, Rawalpindi, Agra, Bhasaur, Badbar, Multan, Dakha, and Kairon) affiliated themselves with the C.K.D. after its establishment, with the total number of affiliated Singh Sabhas swelling to fifty-three within a year.
Workings.
The society was dedicated to espousing Sikh cultural, educational, spiritual, and intellectual life, promoting the Guru Granth Sahib's message and teachings, disseminating Sikh history, and safeguarding of Sikh rights through diplomacy with the government. Concerted efforts were delegated to the upliftment of both Sikh women and men through the establishment of educational institutions. The C.K.D. was responsible for the publishing many works dealing with Sikh history-related subject matters and also topics related to Sikh scriptures and creed. Additionally, the organization carried out translation work, many titles written in different languages were rendered in Punjabi. Furthermore, numerous charitable establishments working towards the welfare of the wider community was founded by the C.K.D.
Membership of the C.K.D. was limited to "amritdhari" Sikhs, which to the organization meant those who had undergone the "Amrit Sanchar" ceremony. Membership was also further limited to those who were literate in Gurmukhi. Members of the society were also required to donate the customary Sikh tithing (known as "dasvandh") out of their annual earnings toward the benefit of the community. The requirement for affiliation with C.K.D. by other Sikh organizations, such as Singh Sabhas, was that they shared a common dogma.
The historical C.K.D. was composed of five committees in-theory:
The C.K.D. generally sought the public opinion of the common-folk on issues, seeking the popular feedback by passing documents through intermediary, affiliated Singh Sabhas or by publishing them in periodicals, requesting feedback. An example is that the C.K.D. once sent out a questionnaire on the correct way to open the Guru Granth Sahib in public gatherings, eventually coming to the conclusion after over 1,600 responses to the query that the correct manner was to open the scripture in a room adjoining an assembly rather than the public meeting hall. It dedicated resources toward the discussion of letters and opposing viewpoints.
The C.K.D. established a body of missionaries to spread the message of the Sikh gurus who travelled and preached in various localities within the Punjab but also were active in neighbouring areas, especially the Northwest Frontier Province and Sindh. Anticipating the arrival of the Duke of Connaught in India to attend the Delhi Durbar of 1903, the C.K.D. launched an educational campaign in the city of Delhi, consisting of religious congregations ("diwans"), to inform visitors on the Sikh religion. It prepared an English translation of the "Japji Sahib" of Guru Nanak to be given-out.
In 1903, the C.K.D. started publishing a monthly newspaper called "The Khalsa Advocate" to act as its official mouthpiece. The setting up of the Central Khalsa Orphanage was one of its first tasks, which opened on 11 April 1904. On 9 July 1904, the organization was registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860.
Up until the formation of the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee in 1920, the C.K.D. had been the sole major Sikh organization campaigning for the expungement of non-Sikh practices occurring at nominally Sikh places of worship. It successfully campaigned to have "murtis" (idols) removed from the precincts (specifically the outer walkway or "parikarma" around the temple-tankor "sarovar") of the Golden Temple shrine in Amritsar in 1905.
In 1906, the C.K.D. established the Khalsa Pracharak Vidyalaya in Tarn Taran to coach aspiring "ragis", "granthis", and "prachariks" (preachers).
In December 1907, Sundar Singh Majithia and Harbans Singh Atari, whilst visiting Sindh carrying-out missionary work, attended a Muhammadan Educational Conference session occurring in Karachi. Both of them left thinking that a similar undertaking should be founded for Sikhs. The following year in 1908, the C.K.D. set something in motion the Sikh Educational Conference for the purpose of developing the Punjabi-language and encouraging the adoption of Western-style education amongst the Sikhs. The Sikh Educational Conference would hold annual sessions that were popular with the public, drawing high amounts of attendees, with the host location rotating each year. The matter of the sessions dealt with contemporary issues affect Sikh education, religious topics, and poetry plus "kirtan" contests occurred.
In 1908, the Chief Khalsa Diwan initiated an educational committee after the establishment of the All India Sikh Educational Conference. The educational committee records, organizes, and discusses Sikh viewpoints on educational, religious, and social matters, deliberating them in a panel and implementing steps to achieve any judgements reached as a result of the discussions. Up until today, 67 educational conferences have been held by the educational committee. Many famous personalities and leading Sikh educationalists and business magnates have attended these conferences over the years. The educational committee also sets up scholarships and allowances for meritorious Sikh students studying at the educational institutions under its purview. The educational committee works toward the promotion of Punjabi language and literature. It publishes educational reports and graded divinity books for the purpose of being used by students at its schools.For the purpose of promoting the Punjabi language in Gurmukhi and its produced literature, the C.K.D. founded a Punjabi Pracharak sub-committee. This organ desired and campaigned for Punjabi (in Gurmukhi) to receive official recognition and adoption by government departments (with emphasis on the postal and railway branches) for particular, initial work. The C.K.D. launched Gurmukhi schools and libraries, also starting night-classes for adult learners.
In 1908, the C.K.D. launched the Khalsa Handbill Society for the purpose of creating lithographed posters for free-of-cost dispensation.
The Chief Khalsa Diwan's members were instrumental in the passing of the "Anand Marriage Act, 1909". The members felt that the Sikh marriage rites did not have legal basis behind them and that Hindu influences remained in the marriage customs of many Sikhs. The organizations opposition to "Hindu" rituals in the marriage practices of Sikhs led to them being condemned and boycott by some traditionalist factions within the Sikh community. Sundar Singh Majithia of the C.K.D. and Ripudaman Singh of Nabha State (who introduced the bill in 1908) pushed the Sikh marriage bill through the Imperial Legislative Council despite heavy opposition, with the former piloting it and the latter intervening, where it was successfully passed on 22 October 1909. The passing of the bill helped with the keeping of a separate Sikh identity apart from the Hindus.
On 20 October 1910, the C.K.D. set-up a committee, composed of Teja Singh of Bhasaur, Gurbakhsh Singh of Patiala, Vir Singh, and Jodh Singh, Takht Singh, Trilochan Singh, and the society's secretary, for the purpose of Sikh religious reform and to create a codification of Sikh praxis (rituals, rites, and conduct). This committee formulated a draft which was then passed out to the various affiliation Singh Sabha chapters, Sikh societies, and important Sikh individuals. This procedure happened two times due to lengthy discussions before the code of conduct could be finished and released. In March 1915, the C.K.D. published the "Gurmat Parkāsh: Bhāg Sanskār", which was a comprehensive code for Sikh orthopraxy (ceremonies and rites) based on historical Sikh literature. The code of conduct espoused what was essentially a halfway point of the more traditional "rahitnamas" and the later Sikh Rehat Maryada published by the S.G.P.C. in 1950.
On 31 March 1911, the viceroy Charles Hardinge was met with Sikh demands of representation (in the services and both the Imperial and Provincial councils) set forth by the C.K.D. whilst travelling in the Punjab.
Under the name of the late Harbans Singh Attari, the C.K.D. established a fervid "dharam parchar" campaign. Between the years 1912–13, the C.K.D. agitated for the removal of the ban against "kirpans" (a fundamental item of the Sikh religion) under the British-enacted "Arms Act, 1878". After the arrest of some of the agitators and the influence of Sundar Singh Majithia, the kirpan was made exempt from the Arms Act in Punjab in June 1914 and the remainder of India in 1917.
In 1913, Sundar Singh Majithia, whom had replaced Ripudaman Singh of Nabha in the Imperial Council after the Nabha royal left it in 1909, set forth Sikh requests and claims to the Royal Commission.
Between the years 1916–17, the C.K.D. stopped making requests to the British authorities but rather began to make calls in their resolutions and public appearances that were akin to demands. In light of this, the organization sent out a series of documents regarding the Punjabi language, employment, and army commissions.
On 16 December 1916, Sundar Singh Majithia (secretary of the C.K.D.) wrote a letter to the Punjab government rehashing Sikh assertions for representation in government employment and the legislative assembly, stating that it should be "adequate and effective and consistent with their position and importance".
On 18 September 1918, the C.K.D. convened a representative private meeting which suggested the Montagu-Chelmsford method of reformation. The Sikhs were vexed that after the publication of the Montagu-Chelmsford report, the appointed Franchise Committee (to work on the matter of the composition of a proposed Indian legislature) that came after consisted of three Indians, none of which were Sikh. After Sikh objections, Sundar Singh Majithia was recruited as a co-opted member to represent Punjab but the Sikhs failed to have their demands met despite this. The C.K.D. wanted one-third of the total number of non-official Indian-held seats in the Punjab, six out of sixty-seven non-official seats in the Assembly of India, and four seats in the Council of States, to be reserved for Sikhs but this was not satisfied.
The C.K.D. helped gain control of the Sikh religious sites of the Golden Temple and Akal Takht. It further helped establish the Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee on 15 November 1920.
After the formation of the S.G.P.C. and Shiromani Akali Dal in 1920, the two newcomers gradually won over religious and political roles and responsibilities that the C.K.D. formerly took care of. In the eyes of the Sikh public, the C.K.D. was viewed as "moderate, pro-government and elitist" whilst the S.G.P.C. and Akali Dal was seen as "dynamic, anti-government and mass-based", which led to the decline of the C.K.D.'s influence in wider Sikh society at the time to the benefit of the S.G.P.C. and Akali Dal.
Two events highlight the decline of the Chief Khalsa Diwan's pursuits and impact: After the enactment of the "Sikh Gurdwaras Act, 1925", the S.G.P.C. won hegemonic control over the managing of historical Sikh gurdwaras and other shrines. Meanwhile, the Shiromani Akali Dal had become the paramount political party representing Sikh interests, continuing until the present-day in the Punjabi political environment. Thereafter, the C.K.D. limited itself to mostly religious and political problems of the Sikhs by expressing its viewpoint through its own resolutions and memoranda.
As with other Sikh organisations, the Chief Khalsa Dewan strongly opposed the partition of India, which many Sikhs thought would create an environment of possible persecution.
On 26 May 1955, the organization passed a resolution that allowed the formation of local committees for the purpose of improving its jurisdiction and recruiting more social workers.
The local committees established after this resolution are as follows:
Present.
At present, the Chief Khalsa Diwan Charitable Society runs
The organization is currently headquartered off of the Grand Trunk Road in Amritsar, approximately 1 kilometre away from the Amritsar Railway Station.
The present committee of the Chief Khalsa Diwan is composed of the following individuals:
The present-day Chief Khalsa Diwan is split into three branches:
The Sikh Educational Conference still operates to this day under the aegis of the C.K.D.
Local committees and presidents.
The Chief Khalsa Diwan Charitable Society has numerous branches, each autonomous but directly responsible to the Diwan Headquarters at Amritsar.
Institutions.
Non-educational institutions.
A list of non-educational institutions ran by the Chief Khalsa Diwan is as follows:
Educational institutions.
A list of educational institutions ran by the Chief Khalsa Diwan is as follows:
Legacy.
According to Dharam Singh, the Chief Khalsa Diwan has accomplished three important milestones for the Sikhs in its existence:

</doc>
<doc id="6972768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972768" title="Autonomous Government of Eastern Hopei">
Autonomous Government of Eastern Hopei



</doc>
<doc id="6972775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972775" title="A Stranger in Town (1943 film)">
A Stranger in Town (1943 film)

A Stranger in Town is a 1943 comedy-drama political film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by Roy Rowland and produced by Robert Sisk from an original screenplay by Isobel Lennart and William Kozlenko. The film has a music score by Daniele Amfitheatrof and Nathaniel Shilkret, and cinematography by Sidney Wagner.
Plot.
Quietly planning to go duck hunting, John Josephus (Joe) Grant, a U.S. Supreme Court justice, tells his secretary Lucy Gilbert where he will be but no one else. A fish-and-game warden promptly insists he pay an extra fee for a license and toss in a "tip". Grant refuses and ends up in town, facing possible criminal charges.
There he discovers honest lawyer Bill Adams, running for mayor against the incumbent, Connison, someone he considers to be corrupt. Judge Austin Harkley, businessman Blaxton and even the sheriff appear to be in the mayor's pocket, and when Bill is insulted and throws a punch, they conspire to keep him in jail.
Joe intervenes on Bill's behalf without telling anyone his true identity. He helps free Bill in the first legal dispute, then does likewise for Lucy after she shows up and is denied a room at the local hotel for no good reason. Joe ultimately admits who he really is, causing Bill to faint. Once he recovers, his political career begins.

</doc>
<doc id="6972776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972776" title="World Masters (darts)">
World Masters (darts)

The World Masters is a darts tournament, initially organised by the British Darts Organisation from 1974 and later by the World Darts Federation. It is one of the longest-running and most prestigious of the BDO/WDF tournaments. The tournament was originally sponsored by Phonogram before changing its sponsor in 1975 to darts board manufacturer, Winmau. The World Masters was originally contested as the best of 5 legs (first to 3) before later transitioning to the set format.
It was previously the final leg of the BDO's Grand Slam title of televised majors, along with the BDO World Darts Championship, International Darts League and World Darts Trophy, until the latter two tournaments were axed in 2008. The champion is referred to as the World Master.
The tournament was unseeded for most of its history and all players entered the main draw in the first round. Seedings were introduced for the first time in 2007 at the behest of the BBC to ensure the top players were present for the televised stages of the event. Thus, the top eight ranked players received a bye to the last-16.
After the collapse of the British Darts Organisation in September 2020, the World Darts Federation announced plans to launch the WDF World Masters. In December 2020, it was announced that the 2021 tournament will be held at De Bonte Wever in Assen, Netherlands. This was then pushed back to 2022 due to ongoing coronavirus restrictions. The new WDF version of the event changed the format from setplay to legplay for the first time, with significantly shorter matches. The event also moved to a biennial format. In 2024 a new host nation was announced as Budapest, Hungary was the host for the 2024 WDF World Masters. For 2025 the Professional Darts Corporation will rebrand their existing Masters tournament as the Winmau World Masters.
Records.
Most men's tournament wins 5 - Eric Bristow.
Bob Anderson and Martin Adams have both won 3 times (also both achieving 'hat tricks' by winning in three consecutive years), while Dave Whitcombe, John Lowe, Raymond van Barneveld, Stephen Bunting, Glen Durrant and Wesley Plaisier have all won the Masters twice.
Youngest champion Michael van Gerwen (2006) aged 17 years, 174 days, who eclipsed the record of Eric Bristow
Double Champion Leeanne Maddock (1992) aged 17 years won both the youth title and the women's title.
Joint World Championship &amp; Masters Champions Only seven players have ever won the World Masters and the World Championship in the same season. Eric Bristow achieved the feat three times (1979 Masters 1980 World, 1983–84 and 1984–85). Bob Anderson (1987–88), Richie Burnett (1994–95), John Walton (2000–01), Martin Adams (2009–10 and 2010–11), Stephen Bunting (2013–14) and Glen Durrant (2016–17) were the others. There have been two other instances of players holding both championships at the same time (Phil Taylor 1990 and Raymond van Barneveld 2005) - but these were not during the same season which is considered to end with the World Championship.
Not Dropping A Set Stephen Bunting's 2013 win was achieved without dropping a set.
There are 15 players who have won the Masters and the BDO World Championship during their careers: John Lowe, Eric Bristow, Bob Anderson, Phil Taylor, Dennis Priestley, Richie Burnett, Steve Beaton, Raymond van Barneveld, Les Wallace, John Walton, Andy Fordham, Martin Adams, Scott Waites, Stephen Bunting, and Glen Durrant. Additionally, Michael van Gerwen won the Masters in 2006 and has since won the PDC World Championship three times, but not the BDO World Championship.
Media coverage.
The 2011 tournament was also shown in the United States for the first time with ESPN3 broadcasting it.

</doc>
<doc id="6972778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972778" title="List of Sudanese people">
List of Sudanese people

This is a list of notable Sudanese people.

</doc>
<doc id="6972785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972785" title="Batsu">
Batsu

Batsu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6972787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972787" title="Roman Catholic Diocese of Tacna and Moquegua">
Roman Catholic Diocese of Tacna and Moquegua

The Diocese of Tacna and Moquegua () is a suffragan diocese of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Arequipa in southern Peru, comprising the lay administrative regions Tacna Region and Moquegua region.
History.
On 18 December 1944 Pope Pius XII established the Diocese of Tacna from the territory of the Archdiocese of Arequipa. John Paul II renamed it the Diocese of Tacna and Moquegua on 11 July 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="6972788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972788" title="Princess Ōku">
Princess Ōku

Ōku (Japanese: or ) (February 12, 661 – January 29, 702) was a Japanese princess during the Asuka period in Japanese history. She was the daughter of Emperor Tenmu and sister of Prince Ōtsu. As a young girl, she witnessed the Jinshin War. According to the "Man'yōshū" ("The Anthology of Ten Thousand Leaves"), she became the first "Saiō" to serve at Ise Grand Shrine. After the death of her brother Prince Ōtsu in 686, she returned from Ise to Yamato to enshrine his remains on Mt. Futakami, before a quiet end to her life at age 40.
Genealogy.
Oku was born on the 8th Day of the 1st Month of the "Saimei's era 7" (661), in the cabin of the Imperial ship which dropped anchor in the sea of Ōku on the Empress Kōgyoku's way to Kyushu. Her name was derived from her birthplace. She had a younger brother named Prince Ōtsu, who was born three years later in Na no Ōtsu of Kyūshū. Her mother, Princess Ōta, died when Princess Ōku was seven years old.
On the 9th Day of the 10th Month of Tenmu's era 3 (674), when she was twelve, she was appointed the "Saiō" by her father, Emperor Tenmu, and sent to the Saikū near Ise Shrine and spent thirteen years there as the Saiō to serve the Goddess Amaterasu that dwelt in the shrine.
Her brother Ōtsu earned the Emperor's trust and became one of the candidates of succession. In 686, when the Emperor was dying, Ōtsu secretly visited the Saikū to see her, possibly to tell her that he was likely to succeed the throne after the Emperor died. She was very pleased to see him again and celebrated his promotion. However, after the Emperor died, Empress-consort Uno-no-Sarara had so much power that she declared that her son, Prince Kusakabe, should be appointed the next emperor. She declared Ōtsu a menace, and ordered the officers to arrest him. He was captured on the 2nd Day of the 10th Month, and a day later he was sentenced to death by hanging in his house of Osada.
His death shocked Ōku, who was dismissed from the position of the "Saio" on account of Ōtsu's death. Death was considered impure, therefore no person with a near relative's death could serve a god or goddess. Ōku then returned to the capital from the Saikū. After returning to the capital, she composed three verses of lament for her brother, which are collected in the "Man'yōshū".
After that, she neither did what was recorded in the chronicle nor married anybody. Her only known work by her vow was the foundation of a temple of Natsumi at the Nabari district in the province of Iga.
"Man'yōshū" poetry.
A number of poems are credited to Ōku in the "Man'yōshū". The following tell the story of the death of her brother, Prince Ōtsu.

</doc>
<doc id="6972790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972790" title="Diocese of Tacna">
Diocese of Tacna



</doc>
<doc id="6972792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972792" title="Imtan">
Imtan

Imtan () is a village in As Suwaydā' Governorate, southern Syria. Imtan is located 37 km south-east of the city of As Suwaydā', 1189 meters above sea level in the southern part of Jabal el Druze. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Imtan had a population of 2,495 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Druze.
History.
It is believed that the village has been inhabited since 6000 BCE, although there is little evidence supporting this. Imtan has many archeological sites spanning many eras.
The village played a major role in the Great Syrian Revolution against France in 1925.
In 1596 Imtan appeared in the Ottoman tax registers as "al-Mubattan" and was part of the "nahiya" of Bani Malik as-Sadir in the Sanjak of Hauran. It had an all Muslim population consisting of 7 households and 2 bachelors. The villagers paid a fixed tax-rate of 20% on agricultural products, including on wheat, barley, summer crops, goats and/or beehives; a total of 3,400 akçe.
Demographics.
The village is mainly inhabited by Druze. The inhabitants are predominantly poor. The inhabitants are well educated and the village is home to over 300 university graduates, amongst them are 80 engineers and 68 doctors.
The inhabitants look to collaborative work as a way to compensate for the absence of government services. They collaborated to build a school, medical center, and cooperative retail store. They have also established a farmer's union and community fund which offers help to the poorest families.

</doc>
<doc id="6972801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972801" title="Dario Hübner">
Dario Hübner

Dario Hübner (born 28 April 1967) is an Italian former professional footballer. Nicknamed ("The Bison"), he scored over 300 goals throughout his career, only playing in the higher divisions towards the end of his career. Hübner became the oldest player to win the Serie A top scorer award, which he managed during the 2001–02 Serie A season at the age of 35; this record was later broken by Luca Toni in 2015, who won the award at the age of 38. 
An opportunistic forward with an eye for goal, and an accurate finisher (with both his head and feet) and penalty taker, he was, however, questioned for his work-rate and behaviour at times. 38 of Hübner's career goals came from penalties, whilst he was sent off ten times throughout his career, also receiving 36 yellow cards.
Career.
Born in Muggia, Province of Trieste, Hübner started his career in 1987–88 at Pievigina, in Interregionale, scoring ten goals. He later also played in Pergocrema (1988–89), Fano (1989–92) in Serie C, and Cesena (1992–97), in Serie B.
Following Cesena's relegation to Serie C in 1997, Hübner moved to newly promoted Serie A side Brescia, making his debut in the top Italian division in his thirties. On his debut, he scored his first goal in Serie A, against Inter at the San Siro Stadium, from an Andrea Pirlo assist, and on his second appearance, he scored a hat-trick against Sampdoria. Notwithstanding his impressive tally of 16 goals, Brescia were relegated to Serie B the following season, although he was later named the club's captain and main penalty taker, and helped the side to re-gain promotion to Serie A, scoring 21 goals during the 1999–2000 Serie B season. During the 2000–01 season, he played alongside attacking midfield playmaker Roberto Baggio, the team's new captain, under coach Carlo Mazzone, while he also faced competition as the starting striker from Igli Tare, who had a higher work-rate than Hübner. Alongside Baggio, Hübner was extremely prolific, as he scored 17 goals, helping the club to qualify for the 2001 UEFA Intertoto Cup. He was also famous for smoking on the bench during his time at Brescia, and was known for drinking grappa.
After joining newly promoted Serie A club Piacenza in 2001, for 6 billion Lit., Dario consistently battled for the title of top scorer in Serie A (capocannonieri), coming 1st alongside David Trezeguet in the 2001–02 season, at 35 years old, with 24 goals, and 7th in 2002–03 season with 14 goals. Along with Igor Protti, Hübner is the only player to have won the top scoring titles in Serie A, Serie B, and Serie C1 (winning the Serie B top scorer title during the 1995–96 season with Cesena, scoring 22 goals, and the Serie C1, Girone A top scorer title during the 1991–92 season with Fano, scoring 14 goals). He is currently Piacenza's all-time Serie A top scorer.
After his time with Piacenza, he later played for Ancona during the first half of the 2003–04 Serie A season, although he was unable score or help the club avoid the relegation zone, and subsequently moved to Serie A club Perugia (2004), where he was also unsuccessful in helping the club to avoid relegation. He later moved on to play for Mantova in Serie C1 (2004–05).
In September 2005 he left professional football and signed for Chiari of Serie D, which he left two months later to join Rodengo Saiano, another Serie D club (2005–06).
In 2007–08 season, he played for Orsa Corte Franca of Eccellenza (2006–09), also later playing with Castel Mella (2009–10) and Cavenago (2010–11), before retiring and working as a coach.
Personal life.
Hübner is of German heritage on his father's side; his paternal grandfather was from Frankfurt, but he later moved to Trieste. However, although his grandfather was German, Dario Hübner does not speak the German language fluently.
He was nicknamed "Bisonte (Bison)".
In 2015, he featured in a music video, "L'estate di Hubner", by the band Toromeccanica. He was also referenced in the 2018 song "Hübner" by singer-songwriter Calcutta.
Honours.
Fano
Individual

</doc>
<doc id="6972805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972805" title="Roll-call vote">
Roll-call vote



</doc>
<doc id="6972808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972808" title="Pygmy ribbontail catshark">
Pygmy ribbontail catshark

The pygmy ribbontail catshark ("Eridacnis radcliffei") is a species of finback catshark, family Proscylliidae, distributed patchily in the western Indo-Pacific from Tanzania to the Philippines. It occurs around the edges of continental and insular shelves at a depth of , typically on or near mud bottoms. One of the smallest living shark species, the pygmy ribbontail catshark grows to a maximum known length of . It has a slender body with a low, ribbon-like tail fin, and is dark brown in color with blackish dorsal fin markings and tail bands. This shark feeds mainly on bony fishes, followed by crustaceans and then squid. It is aplacental viviparous with females bearing litters of 1–2 relatively large pups. It is of minimal significance to fisheries, being caught as bycatch in some areas.
Taxonomy.
The first known specimens of the pygmy ribbontail catshark were collected during the 1907–1910 Philippine Expedition of the U.S. Fish Commission Steamer "Albatross". Hugh McCormick Smith, Deputy Fish Commissioner and director of the expedition, published a description of this shark in a 1913 issue of the "Proceedings of the United States National Museum", naming it for the expedition's General Assistant and Naturalist Lewis Radcliffe, and creating for it the new genus "Eridacnis". The type specimen is a long adult female caught off Jolo Island in the Sulu Archipelago, Philippines.
Distribution and habitat.
By far the most widely (if sporadically) distributed member of its genus, the pygmy ribbontail catshark has been reported from Tanzania, the Gulf of Aden, the Gulf of Mannar, the Bay of Bengal, the Andaman Islands, Vietnam, and the Philippines. This bottom-dwelling shark occurs at depths of on outer continental and insular shelves or upper slopes, commonly over mud.
Description.
The pygmy ribbontail catshark has a thin body with a short, rounded snout and elongated, oval eyes bearing rudimentary nictitating membranes. Each nostril is preceded by a short, triangular flap of skin. The mouth is wide and V-shaped, without furrows at the corners and containing numerous rows of small, multi-pointed teeth that become more comb-like towards the sides. There are papillae on the roof of the mouth and the edges of the gill arches. The two dorsal fins are of comparable size, the first positioned slightly closer to the pectoral than the pelvic fins and the second over the anal fin. The caudal fin is low and long, comprising a quarter of the total length or more, and lacks a lower lobe. The coloration is a plain dark brown, with black markings on the dorsal fins and darker bands on the caudal fin. The maximum recorded lengths are for a male and for a female. One male shark long weighed , and a pregnant female long weighed .
Biology and ecology.
The pygmy ribbontail catshark is reportedly very abundant in some places, such as off southern India and the Philippines. One study in Indian waters found that 55% of this shark's diet was composed of bony fishes (mainly lanternfishes but also bristlemouths and small eels), 28% of crustaceans (mainly shrimp but also stomatopods and crab larvae), 14% of squid, and the remainder of other items including a bivalve.
Reproduction is aplacental viviparous, with the developing young being sustained by a yolk sac until they are ready to be born. Female pygmy ribbontail catsharks are capable of becoming pregnant at long, though only females over long have been found with fully developed fetuses, suggesting that they grow substantially during the gestation period. One or two pups are born at a time; the newborns are extremely large relative to their mothers, measuring around in length. Males reach sexual maturity at a length of and females at perhaps . This is comparable to the sizes at maturity of the spined pygmy shark ("Squaliolus laticaudus") and the dwarf lanternshark ("Etmopterus perryi"), ranking the pygmy ribbontail catshark among the world's smallest sharks. Due to the difficulties involved in assessing reproductive maturity in sharks, whether one of these species is truly smaller than the others cannot yet be definitively determined.
Human interactions.
Pygmy ribbontail catsharks are captured incidentally in bottom trawls off the Philippines, but are not known to be utilized. Its conservation status has not been evaluated by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).

</doc>
<doc id="6972810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972810" title="Eridacnis radcliffei">
Eridacnis radcliffei



</doc>
<doc id="6972826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972826" title="STA Sniper (USMC)">
STA Sniper (USMC)



</doc>
<doc id="6972833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972833" title="Carmella Cammenitti">
Carmella Cammenitti



</doc>
<doc id="6972837" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972837" title="Provisional Government of China">
Provisional Government of China



</doc>
<doc id="6972838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972838" title="Carmella Cammenetti">
Carmella Cammenetti



</doc>
<doc id="6972842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972842" title="Stathelle, Norway">
Stathelle, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6972844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972844" title="Steal This Album">
Steal This Album

Steal This Album is the third studio album by American hip hop duo the Coup. It was released on Dogday Records on November 10, 1998. It peaked at number 37 on the "Billboard" Heatseekers Albums chart, as well as number 51 on the Top R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. The album's title is a nod to "Steal This Book" (1971) by social activist Abbie Hoffman.
In 2015, "Fact" placed it at number 13 on the "100 Best Indie Hip-Hop Records of All Time" list.
The 2002 digital re-release is titled Steal This Double Album, and contains bonus tracks. 

</doc>
<doc id="6972847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972847" title="Weighted TeraFLOPS">
Weighted TeraFLOPS



</doc>
<doc id="6972848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972848" title="Stjørdal, Norway">
Stjørdal, Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6972853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972853" title="Wladislaw Szpilman">
Wladislaw Szpilman



</doc>
<doc id="6972854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972854" title="Geobotany">
Geobotany



</doc>
<doc id="6972855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972855" title="African ribbontail catshark">
African ribbontail catshark

The African ribbontail catshark, "Eridacnis sinuans", is a finback catshark of the family Proscylliidae, found in the western Indian Ocean, from Tanzania, South Africa, and Mozambique, at depths between 180 and 480 m. It can grow up to a length of 37 cm.
The African ribbontail catshark is ovoviviparous giving birth to two young per litter.
The African ribbontail catshark's coloration is grey-brown.

</doc>
<doc id="6972858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972858" title="Eridacnis sinuans">
Eridacnis sinuans



</doc>
<doc id="6972863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972863" title="Dario Hubner">
Dario Hubner



</doc>
<doc id="6972870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972870" title="HTML Help">
HTML Help



</doc>
<doc id="6972873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972873" title="Html help">
Html help



</doc>
<doc id="6972878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972878" title="SS-man">
SS-man



</doc>
<doc id="6972884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972884" title="Goran Juric">
Goran Juric



</doc>
<doc id="6972887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972887" title="Appellplatz">
Appellplatz

Appellplatz (often spelt "appelplatz") is a compound German word meaning "roll call area": ("Appell" + "Platz"). In English, the word is generally used to describe the location for the daily roll calls in Nazi concentration camps.
Concentration camp usage.
Roll calls were a key component of the daily regimen in Nazi concentration camps, carried out to count the prisoners but also to inspect, humiliate, weaken and intimidate them. 
All prisoners were made to line up in rows and be counted very early in the morning and again at night. Even the bodies of those who had died since the previous roll call had to be brought to the Appellplatz to be counted. Roll calls were held year-round no matter the weather, be it driving snow, pouring rain or extreme temperatures. Prisoners were made to stand at attention the entire time it took to count thousands of prisoners, which had to be done more than once if a mistake were made. Some prisoners died during or shortly after the roll calls. Harsh disciplinary measures, including beatings and death, were taken against anyone who was late to or who did not remain perfectly still during roll calls.
"Selektions" were sometimes made during roll calls; prisoners would be looked over, and those deemed unhealthy or too weak to work were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="6972888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972888" title="DPSG">
DPSG



</doc>
<doc id="6972889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972889" title="Appelplatz">
Appelplatz



</doc>
<doc id="6972900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972900" title="Baptizo">
Baptizo



</doc>
<doc id="6972901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972901" title="VLAN membership policy server">
VLAN membership policy server



</doc>
<doc id="6972902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972902" title="Observers">
Observers



</doc>
<doc id="6972937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972937" title="List of CBS television affiliates (table)">
List of CBS television affiliates (table)

The CBS television network is a television network based in the United States made up of 15 owned-and-operated stations and nearly 228 network affiliates.
Stations are listed in alphabetical order by city of license.

</doc>
<doc id="6972946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972946" title="The Bone Doll's Twin">
The Bone Doll's Twin

The Bone Doll's Twin is a fantasy novel by American writer Lynn Flewelling, the first in her "Tamir Triad". It is followed by "Hidden Warrior" and then by "Oracle's Queen".
Plot.
For three centuries a divine prophecy and a line of warrior queens protected Skala. But the people grew complacent and Erius, a usurper king, claimed his young half-sister's throne. Now plague and drought stalk the land, war with Skala's ancient rival Plenimar drains the country's lifeblood, and to be born female into the royal line has become a death sentence as the king fights to ensure the succession of his only heir, a son. For King Erius the greatest threat comes from his own line - and from Illior's faithful, who spread the Oracle's words to a doubting populace. As noblewomen young and old perish mysteriously the kings nephew - his sister's only child - grows toward manhood. But unbeknownst to the king or the boy, strange, haunted Tobin is the princess's daughter, given male form by dark magic to protect her until she can claim her rightful destiny. Only Tobin's noble father, two wizards of Illior and an outlawed forest witch know the truth. Only they can protect young Tobin from a king's wrath, a mother's madness, and the terrifying rage of her brother's demon spirit, determined to avenge his stolen life.
Reception.
The book was generally acclaimed by readers and other authors. George R. R. Martin wrote ""The Bone Doll’s Twin" is a thoroughly engrossing new fantasy. It got its hooks into me on the first page, and didn’t let loose until the last. I am already looking forward to the next installment.", while according to Robin Hobb the novel is "A relentless tale that examines whether the ends can ever completely justify the means."

</doc>
<doc id="6972947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972947" title="Latvian Green party">
Latvian Green party



</doc>
<doc id="6972949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972949" title="Matilda Landsman">
Matilda Landsman

Matilda Landsman (October 18, 1918– February 18, 1986) was a "New York Times" employee in the 1950s. She was subpoenaed by the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee in November 1955 during their investigation into Communists in the media. She was one of 34 news media employees to be subpoenaed by the Senate after the testimony of journalist Winston Burdett, a one-time spy for the Soviet Union, in June 1955. Landsman worked as a Linotype operator at the time of her testimony in January 1956. According to allegations from unnamed sources Landsman had voluntarily obtained reassignment from the Times newsroom to the Linotype department, at lower pay, in order to do organizing and recruiting for the Communist Party among members of the powerful and militant typographers union, which was to shut down all the newspapers in New York City in a crippling 114-day 1962–63 New York City newspaper strike which left half the daily papers in New York dead or mortally wounded. In the past she had worked as a stenographer in the Times news and Sunday departments, and as a secretary to Joseph Fels Barnes, editor of the defunct "New York Star", the brief-lived successor to the progressive/left daily newspaper "PM".
In her testimony she invoked the Fifth Amendment to avoid answering questions about her affiliation with the Communist Party.
Landsman was born in the Bronx on October 18, 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="6972951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972951" title="Jackfish, ON">
Jackfish, ON



</doc>
<doc id="6972956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972956" title="Jeremy Osbourne">
Jeremy Osbourne



</doc>
<doc id="6972959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972959" title="Eastern Europea">
Eastern Europea



</doc>
<doc id="6972972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972972" title="Tauhara College">
Tauhara College

Tauhara College is a state coeducational secondary school located in Taupō, New Zealand. Serving Years 9 to 13, the school has approximately 600 students.
Tauhara College is one of three high schools in Taupō; the others are Taupo-nui-a-Tia College and Lake Taupo Christian School (state integrated).
Enrolment.
As of , Tauhara College has a roll of students, of which (%) identify as Māori.
As of , the school has an Equity Index of , placing it amongst schools whose students have the socioeconomic barriers to achievement (roughly equivalent to deciles 4 and 5 under the former socio-economic decile system).
Waka.
The students in the school are divided into four waka ("canoes") which compete in numerous events, mostly sporting, throughout the year in order to gain the most points in the Tauhara College Canoe Competition. The houses, and the colours they are represented by, are:

</doc>
<doc id="6972976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972976" title="Clifton High School (New Jersey)">
Clifton High School (New Jersey)

Clifton High School (CHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from the city of Clifton in Passaic County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey, operating as part of the Clifton Public Schools. It has the largest student body in a single facility amongst high schools in New Jersey; Elizabeth High School had more students, but its students have been spread over multiple campuses.
As of the 2023–24 school year, the school had an enrollment of 3,141 students and 221.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 14.2:1. There were 1,547 students (49.3% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 380 (12.1% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch. Based on 2021-22 data from the New Jersey Department of Education, it was the third-largest high school in the state and one of 29 schools with more than 2,000 students.
History.
The district established a high school in 1906, with 40 students, with a curriculum that covered "English, Latin, Greek, German, history, mathematics, physics, chemistry, bookkeeping, shorthand, typewriting." By 1914, the school had 150 students. A new building was dedicated in April 1926, by which time the school served an enrollment of 1,100.
The current high school building on Colfax Avenue was completed at a cost of $6 million (equivalent to $ million in ) and opened in September 1962 with 3,000 students.
An additional overflow site, the Clifton High School Annex, was constructed at a cost of $17 million and opened in September 2009 to accommodate 540 of the school year's 850 incoming freshmen to alleviate overcrowding.
Awards, recognition and rankings.
The school was the 239th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in "New Jersey Monthly" magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 274th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 259th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 223rd in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 280th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Campus.
Clifton High School is divided into four wings; North, Central, South and East. Between the South and East wings, the William F. Shershin Memorial Technology and Media Center provides students access to many books, music, movies and computers with internet access.
Due to overcrowding, a walkway that runs alongside the four wings was added. There is also an annex building which now contains ASPIRE students. Originally, it had both freshmen students and ASPIRE students in the building. This annex building is located on Brighton Road.
Activities.
Athletics.
The Clifton High School Mustangs compete in over 50 sport programs as part of the Big North Conference, which is comprised of public and private high schools in Bergen and Passaic counties, and was established following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). For the 2009–10 season, the school competed in the North Jersey Tri-County Conference, an interim conference established to facilitate realignment. Prior to the reorganization, the school had participated in the Northern New Jersey Interscholastic League (NNJIL) an athletic conference of high schools in Bergen and Passaic counties. With 2,131 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group IV for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 1,060 to 5,049 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the Liberty Blue division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group V North for football for 2024–2026, which included schools with 1,317 to 5,409 students.
Interscholastic athletics offered at the school include:
The boys' baseball team won the North I Group IV state sectional championships in 1960 and 1961.
The boys soccer team won the Group IV state championship in 1967 (defeating East Brunswick High School in the tournament final), 1994 (vs. Cherry Hill High School West), 2007 (as co-champion with Manalapan High School) and 2019 (vs. Hunterdon Central Regional High School). The 1967 team won the Group IV state title, defeating East Brunswick by a score of 4–1 in the championship game played at Fairleigh Dickinson University's campus in Madison. The 2007 boys' soccer team, under the direction of Coach Joe Vespignani, won the North I, Group IV state sectional championship with a 1–0 win over defending Group IV state champion West Orange High School in the tournament final. In the state semi-final, Clifton defeated Columbia High School by an identical 1–0 score. The spectacular goal was scored by Manuel Caicedo with a brilliant Bicycle Kick from the penalty spot. Manny Caicedo was named Passaic County Player of the Year and Second Team All State. The team moved on to share the Group IV state championship with a 1–1 tie against Manalapan High School. The 2008 boys' soccer team repeated as the North I, Group IV state sectional champion with a 3–2 overtime win against North Bergen High School. In the state semi-final, Clifton defeated Elizabeth High School 2–1 in overtime in a match-up of the two largest high schools in the state, before falling in the state final to Rancocas Valley Regional High School by a score of 2–0. The 2009 boys' soccer team completed a threepeat as the North I, Group IV state sectional champion with a 3–0 win over Livingston High School. In the state semi-final, Clifton defeated Ridge High School 1–0 in double overtime, before falling in the state final to Toms River High School South by a score of 1–0, a goal was the only goal allowed through the five games of the state tournament, in a season in which Clifton had a record of 19–6–1, including 16 shutouts. The team averaged 20 wins a season over the three-year period. In Coach Vespignani's eight years at the helm, the team is a combined 149–36–7. The Clifton boys' soccer team won the Passaic County Championship for nine consecutive years, from 1997 to 2005, before their streak was ended by Wayne Valley, which had lost to Clifton in the tournament finals in both 2004 and 2005 before defeating Clifton in both 2006 and 2007. The 2019 finished the season with a 20–0–1 record after defeating Hunterdon Central on penalty kicks in the Group IV final after a scoreless tie in regulation and overtime.
The boys' bowling team won the state championships in 1970, 1980, 2000 and 2002. The program's four state team titles are tied for third-most of all high schools in the state.
The boys' wrestling team won the North I Group IV state sectional title in 1984, 1986 and 2014, and won the North I Group V title in 2016
The girls cross country team won the Group IV state championship in 1985.
The boys' cross country team won the NNJIL for eight years in a row (1998–2006) and the girls' team won for three years (2004–2007).
The softball team won the Group IV state championship in 1993 (defeating Washington Township High School in the final game of the playoffs), 1997 (vs. Middletown High School South), 1998 (vs. Cherokee High School) and 2007 (vs. Toms River High School East). The 1993 team finished the season with a 24–7 record after winning the Group IV title with a 7–1 win against Washington Township in the championship game played at Trenton State College. In 1997, the team finished with a 31–0 record after winning the Group IV title by defeating Middletown South by a score of 3–2 in the finals. The 1998 team had a 31–0 record and stretched its winning streak to 63 by winning the Group IV title with an 8–0 win against Cherokee in the championship game. The 2007 team won the North I, Group IV sectional championship with a 10–0 win over top-seeded Bloomfield High School. The team moved on to win the Group IV state championship defeating North Hunterdon High School in the semifinals and then Toms River High School East in the final game of the playoffs, both by a score of 2–0. NJ.com / "The Star-Ledger" ranked Clifton as their number-one softball team in the state in 1997 and 1998.
The ice hockey team won the public school state championship in 2001, and won the Handchen Cup in 1989, 1990 and 1995.
The Mustangs won the North I, Group IV football state sectional title in 2006, defeating Eastside High School in the championship game by a score of 26–0 in a game played with 8,000 spectators at Giants Stadium. The school has maintained a rivalry with Passaic High School, which was listed by "The Record" as one of the best in Bergen and Passaic counties; though the schools first faced each other before then, from 1950 through the 2017 season, Clifton is ahead with a 39–20–2 record in games between the two schools.
The girls' soccer team at Clifton, under Coach Dan Chilowicz, shared the Passaic County Championship title with Wayne Valley High School in 2007 with a deadlocked score of 0–0. The girls' team, led by Stan Lembryk, was declared county co-champion again in 2009 after a 1–1 tie with Wayne Hills High School.
The boys cross country team won the Group IV, public state sectional in the 2021-2022 season.
Clubs.
Clifton High School has over 60 clubs. In its auditoriums, many plays and dance performances are held, many occurring annually. The Chemistry II "Dream Team" members came in second out of 127 schools in the state science competition in 2011.
Band.
The Clifton High School Mustang Marching Band, "The Showband of the Northeast", is modeled after the fast-paced, high-stepping, Big-10 bands. It was under the leadership of band director Robert D. Morgan from 1972 through 2013–14. The band has been under the direction of Bryan Stepneski, a Clifton Mustang Band alumnus. The group forms the letters "C-H-S", similar to the script "O-H-I-O" of The Ohio State University Marching Band. The marching band unravels from a tight block, following one another, forming the school's initials in cursive. The band is showcased in many venues within the city of Clifton. It appears annually in the North Jersey Band Festival, (formally known as the Clifton Band Festival, or Herald News Band Festival) the West Milford Military Tattoo, all Clifton High School football games, and city parades. The Clifton High School Mustang Band has traveled extensively across the United States, the United Kingdom, Europe, and Canada. The Clifton High School Mustang Marching Band won first place in "Best in Parade" during the 2007 and 2008 Columbus Day Parade in New York City, second place in the 2009 Columbus Day Parade, and first place again in 2010. They won first place in the Columbus Day Parade in 2014. In 2016, the band won second place in the Columbus Day Parade once again. Among the other activities in Clifton High School, the city of Clifton placed the marching band on its list of the most recognized activities in the city of Clifton. The Mustang Band also has an active Alumni Association which has given out over $50,000 in scholarships to graduating band members since its founding in 2002.
Robotics.
The Clifton High School "Mechanical Mustangs", team 3314 are a robotics team in the FIRST Robotics Competition, FIRST Mid Atlantic District. The team won their first competition at the Bridgewater-Raritan FIRST Robotics District Competition 2013 and their second competition at the Buckeye Regional.
Marine Corps Junior ROTC.
The school is one of five in the state to participate in the Marine Corps Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps (JROTC) program.
Administration.
The school's principal is Ahmad Hamdeh. Core members of the school's administration include the five vice principals.

</doc>
<doc id="6972979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972979" title="Atlas V rocket">
Atlas V rocket



</doc>
<doc id="6972995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972995" title="Tomizo Todayama">
Tomizo Todayama



</doc>
<doc id="6972996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6972996" title="Surveillance and target acquisition">
Surveillance and target acquisition

Surveillance and target acquisition (STA) is a military role assigned to units and/or their equipment. It involves watching an area to see what changes (surveillance) and then the acquisition of targets based on that information.
Artillery STA.
The role of STA units is to locate, track, assess and where appropriate cue the attack for friendly artillery units.
It provides commanders with surveillance and targeting information across the battle space and is always linked by a robust command-and-control (C2) system to offensive support (OS) systems.
Units.
Italian Army.
01.09.2004 - today

</doc>
<doc id="6973001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973001" title="Scarborough Funiculars">
Scarborough Funiculars



</doc>
<doc id="6973006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973006" title="John F. Kennedy Space Center">
John F. Kennedy Space Center



</doc>
<doc id="6973011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973011" title="Captain Planet episodes">
Captain Planet episodes



</doc>
<doc id="6973013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973013" title="White-bellied musk deer">
White-bellied musk deer

The white-bellied musk deer or Himalayan musk deer (Moschus leucogaster) is a musk deer species occurring in the Himalayas of Nepal, Bhutan, India, Pakistan and China. It is listed as endangered on the IUCN Red List because of overexploitation resulting in a probable serious population decline.
It was previously considered a subspecies of the Alpine musk deer, but was separated on the basis of different skull proportions.
Characteristics.
White-bellied musk deer are very well adapted for high altitudes; they demonstrate such adaptations as well-developed dew claws, broad toes that provide increased stability on steep slopes, and a dense coat of coarse hairs with air-filled cells to insulate against the extreme temperature. While they lack antlers, a trait notable among all musk deer, they do possess a pair of enlarged and easily broken canines that grow continuously. The maximum length of these tusks is about 10 cm (4 in). These deer have a stocky body type; their hind legs are also significantly longer and more muscular than their shorter, thinner forelimbs. In place of running or leaping, this species tends to "bound." Finally, fawns of this species have white spots to help with camouflage, but as they mature these spots disappear.
The white-bellied musk deer has a waxy substance called musk that the male secretes from a gland in the abdomen. The deer use this to mark territories and attract females, but the musk is also used in the manufacture of perfumes and medicines.
Distribution and habitat.
Himalayan musk deer occurs in parts of northern Afghanistan, Pakistan, Tibet, Nepal, Bhutan, and in northern India such as in Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh. It inhabits high alpine environments above altitudes of .
Ecology and behaviour.
During the day, white-bellied musk deer hide in dense cover and are shy and secretive. At night, they emerge to feed in more open habitats, and preferably select leaves of trees and shrubs with high protein and low fibre contents. During the winter, they subsist on poorer quality lichens, and even climb small trees to feed upon leaves that would otherwise be out of reach.
They are fairly sedentary occupying a small home range of up to 22 hectares. Males are fiercely territorial, only allowing females to enter their range. Territories are marked by carefully placed defecation sites and strong-smelling secretions, which are placed onto the surrounding plants.
Males fight each other over females during the mating season, and use their long canines to fight and defend their territories. The females hide from all the commotion. For the males to attract the females and bring them out from hiding, they use their strong smelling musk.
A female has one or two young at a time. The young musk deer live off their mother's milk until they are about six months old and able to eat regular foods available in the wild. At 16 to 24 months old, they become sexually mature.
Himalayan musk deer can live for up to 10 to 14 years.
Their predators include the leopard, snow leopard, Eurasian lynx, red fox, and gray wolf. Juveniles have been reported to be killed by yellow-throated marten and large raptors.
Threats.
As the musk the deer produces is in demand for the manufacture of perfumes and medicines, it is highly valuable. Since the species is endangered and hard to find, its value on the wildlife trade market is increased still further. The hunting and trade of the white-bellied musk deer is the main threat to the species. Deer musk may sell for as much as $45,000/kg, making it one of the most valuable animal-derived products in the world. Hunters catch and kill the deer using snares. Only males produce the musk, so this creates a problem because females and young are caught in the traps and killed.
Conservation.
The white-bellied musk deer is protected by law in Bhutan, Nepal, and India. In China, hunting may be permitted in some areas, although a license is required. It is listed as an endangered species in Pakistan and is also found in a number of protected areas throughout; however, the uneven enforcement of legislation across its range has meant little impact on preventing the rampant trade in the species. Improving the enforcement of antipoaching laws is a key priority for the conservation of this species.
Efforts being made.
Captive farming for musk has been developed in China, and so far has shown that it is possible to extract musk from a deer without having to kill it. However, the captive deer succumb to disease and fighting and produce poorer quality musk. The killing of wild deer is thought to be the most cost-effective method of extracting musk. Open farming is a possible new way to extract the musk, whereby free-ranging or wild musk deer are caught and the musk then extracted, allowing the species to be conserved and survive.

</doc>
<doc id="6973016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973016" title="Youngite">
Youngite



</doc>
<doc id="6973028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973028" title="Graceful catshark">
Graceful catshark

The graceful catshark ("Proscyllium habereri") is a species of finback catshark, belonging to the family Proscylliidae. This shark is found in the western Pacific Ocean, from southeastern Japan to Vietnam and northwestern Java, at depths between 50 and 100 m. Females can reach a length of 65 cm.

</doc>
<doc id="6973029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973029" title="Antonio Bartolomeo Bruni">
Antonio Bartolomeo Bruni

Antonio Bartolomeo Bruni (28 January 1757 – 6 August 1821) was an Italian violinist, composer and conductor. Bruni was born and died in Cuneo, Italy. During most of his life, he resided, played and composed in Paris.
At the height of the French 'terror', c.1791, Bruni authored "Un Inventaire sous la terreur" which lists musical instruments recovered from noble households. This inventory was published by J. Gallay, editor (Paris: Georges Chamerot, 1890). In the scholarly work "The Hurdy-Gurdy in Eighteenth-Century France" by Robert E. Green (Indiana University Press, 1995), where the Bruni text is footnoted, Green says of Bruni's inventory "from 111 noble households (it) lists six which possessed vielles (hurdy-gurdies)." p. 17. In the fictional novel "The Piano Tuner" by Daniel Mason this affair is again referred to thus: "A Temporary Commission of Arts was set up and ... Bruni ... was named Director of the Inventory. For fourteen months he collected the instruments of the condemned. In all, over three hundred were gathered, and each carries its own tragic tale." Mason goes on to say that 64 were pianofortes.

</doc>
<doc id="6973031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973031" title="Proscyllium habereri">
Proscyllium habereri



</doc>
<doc id="6973033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973033" title="Korea Development Bank">
Korea Development Bank

Korea Development Bank (KDB Bank) is a South Korean state-owned development bank which aims to encourage the industrial development of South Korea.
It was founded in 1954 in accordance with The Korea Development Bank Act to finance and manage major industrial projects to expedite industrial development of Korea.
, it was the 61st biggest global bank according to The Bankers top 1000 World Bank List. KDB Bank has not only fostered the growth of strategic industries but also facilitates the turnaround of troubled companies through restructuring and providing capital for strategic development projects.
Since 2000, it has diversified into investment banking services and operates as a Commercial and Investment Bank. Nevertheless, it is a major restructuring player and has saved many big companies during major financial crisis, especially in the 1997 Asian financial crisis and the 2008 financial crisis.
History.
KDB Bank was founded in 1954 to supply and manage major industrial capital to help develop Korean industries and the national economy, taking over the viable operations of the former Chôsen Industrial Bank. For the half century since then, KDB Bank has faithfully fulfilled its role as a government-run bank, anticipating and coping with changes in the economic and financial environment.
In the 1950s, KDB supported the nation's economic rehabilitation by restoration of industrial facilities destroyed during the Korean War. This including basic industries such as electricity, coal, and cement. By the end of 1955, it accounted for over 40 percent of total bank lending in South Korea.
In the 1970s, KDB solidified the development of Korea, by providing funding to heavy-industry from energy to chemical and export-oriented industries. Meeting the government's 5-year economic development plan and the initiation of new financial businesses such as security underwriting and corporate bond guarantees. Its share of total equipment investment lending in the country, which had declined in the 1960s, rose from 40.3 percent in 1972 to 44.7 percent in 1975 and 49.6 percent in 1979.
In the 1980s, KDB sustaining long-term industrial financing by intensive support for automobile and electronic industries. This was done by providing long-term facility financing in order to construct a stable growth base of the national economy. It also issued Industrial Finance Bonds (IFBs) overseas to create an independent fund, carrying out the role of the primary long-term facility financial institution.
During the 1990s, KDB providing comprehensive corporate banking services to support technology-intensive industries including semiconductors. It also provided and supported comprehensive corporate banking services to help global expansion of corporate clients.
In the 2000s, KDB moved to a new financial policy amid market-oriented economic changes. This included the completion of Universal Banking Services with the four core businesses: Corporate Banking, Investment Banking, International Banking, and Corporate Restructuring/Consulting.
The support for nation-wide infrastructure projects and the resolution of financial distress by taking leadership in corporate restructuring.
During the 2010s, KDB shifted its focus from support of major conglomerates to medium-sized enterprises. Assisted development under the Korean Fourth Industrial Revolution by widening the investment fund. Proactively engaged in corporate restructuring with support of the government of large corporations to avoid major financial distress.
Operations and services.
KDB provides corporate Banking, investment banking, international banking and indirect financing and consulting services to businesses and banks in South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="6973036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973036" title="List of Sun Microsystems employees">
List of Sun Microsystems employees

Sun Microsystems, from its inception in 1982 to its acquisition by Oracle Corporation in 2010, became known for being "something of a farm system for Silicon Valley." It had a number of employees credited with notable achievements before, during or after their tenure there.

</doc>
<doc id="6973053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973053" title="Zinnemann">
Zinnemann

Zinnemann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="6973056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973056" title="Red Wing Public Schools">
Red Wing Public Schools

 Red Wing School District #256 is a pre-K through grade 12 district located in Red Wing, Minnesota (population 16,000). Red Wing is located in the Mississippi River Valley, fifty miles southeast of the Minneapolis–Saint Paul metropolitan area.
History.
Early days (1835–1915).
The early history included the following school buildings:
South End School, 1854–1891 and 1893–1937, replaced by Hancock School
Central Building, 1865–1917, replaced by Central High School
West End School, 1869–1917, replaced by Jefferson School
East End School, 1869–1937, replaced by Colvill School
Buildings, facilities and district programs.
Approximately 2,500 students K-12 are educated with over 450 staff members; 200 are full or part-time teachers. Approximately 90% of the district graduates continue their education beyond high school.
Colvill Family Center.
Colvill Family Center is a partnership between the school district and other county agencies. Services are offered in one location for preschool children and their families.
Sunnyside Elementary (grades K-1).
Kindergarten through 1st grade students attend classes at Sunnyside Elementary, the primary grade level center. Kindergarten is offered all day, every day.
Burnside Elementary (grades 2-4).
Burnside Elementary serves children grades two through four.
Twin Bluff Middle School (grades 5-7).
Twin Bluff Middle School uses an "instructional team" approach, dividing the student body into smaller groups to help students more easily make the transition from elementary to middle school settings. Several co-curricular activities are offered: Mathcounts, speech, yearbook and the school musical, as well as a variety of sports programs.
Red Wing High School (grades 8-12).
Red Wing High School is a comprehensive, liberal arts, public high school located on the edge of town in the Mississippi River Valley, fifty miles southeast of the Minneapolis/St. Paul metropolitan area. The school serves as the high school for Red Wing, Minnesota and surrounding communities.
As of the 2010-11 academic year, the school had an enrollment of approximately 1,200 students and 55 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student-teacher ratio of roughly 20:1. Approximately 90% of the district graduates continue their education beyond high school.
Red Wing High School is well known for its hockey team, as well as its accomplished band and chorus programs, active student council - including council regional and state-elected representatives - and the school's award-winning, nationally recognized FFA chapter. The school offers a wide variety of co-curricular, academic, arts, music and athletic programs designed to challenge the interests and abilities of all students.
Tower View Alternative High School (ALC).
Tower View Alternative Center offers programs for students between the ages of 16 and 21 who are experiencing difficulty in the traditional high school setting or have dropped out of school.
Community education.
Community education programs serve people of all ages from infants through senior citizens. Community education focuses on connecting the community, schools and businesses. Programs and activities are designed to link the community and educational systems which enhance personal growth and community development.
Students.
Ethnicity.
Students during the 2009-2010 school year: 
Grade level.
Students during the 2009-2010 school year:

</doc>
<doc id="6973067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973067" title="Enrique Zobel">
Enrique Zobel

Enrique Jacobo Emilio Zóbel y Olgado (January 7, 1927 – May 17, 2004), better known as Enrique J. Zóbel and EZ, was a prominent Filipino businessman, pilot, and polo player belonging to the prominent Zóbel de Ayala family who are of Spanish and German descent.
Early life.
The only child of Col. Jacobo Zóbel y Roxas and Ángela Olgado y Calvo, he was a grandson and namesake of Enrique Zóbel de Ayala.
After the Japanese forces entered Manila in 1941, the 14-year-old Enrique displayed his resourcefulness and audacity, having to care for his mother while his father was with the USAFFE forces in Bataan. To generate income for their daily needs, he used his father's polo ponies to offer kalesa rides and even befriended General Ota, the head of the Kempeitai in the process.
He became the favorite of his aunt, Mercedes Zobel McMicking, and her husband, Col. Joseph McMicking. Doña Mercedes was matriarch of the Zóbel de Ayala family after the deaths of her brothers, Jacobo and Alfonso. The couple took interest in his education and growth and groomed him, together with other clan members for the family businesses.
Career.
Zóbel joined Ayala y Compañia in 1955 and worked closely with his uncle, Col. McMicking, who was credited for engineering the transformation of Makati from vast tracts of swamplands into the Philippines' premier financial and commercial district. When the Ayala y Compañia partnership became a corporation in 1967 (after the retirement of Col. McMicking), Zóbel became its first chief executive. Like McMicking, Zóbel showed great strength and business savvy in contributing to the growth of Ayala as one of the Philippines' biggest and most respected conglomerates. He sustained McMicking's vision for the Ayala group. 
He professionalized the Ayala group and was instrumental in fulfilling Ayala's goal to become a major player in the banking sector, as the company gained control of the Bank of the Philippine Islands. Ayala also moved into new industries – semiconductor (Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.), food processing (Pure Foods Corporation – now, San Miguel Pure Foods Company, Inc.), agribusiness (Darong (formerly Ayala) Agricultural Development Corporation) and telecommunications (Globe-Mackay Cable &amp; Radio Corporation – now, Globe Telecom). In 1973, Zóbel welcomed the Mitsubishi group as partners and took Ayala Corporation public in 1976. On November 8, 1976, Ayala Corporation was listed in the Makati Stock Exchange (now Philippine Stock Exchange).
In 1981, he founded the Makati Business Club (MBC) with Jose V. Romero Jr., Rogelio Pantaleon and Bernardo Villegas to support or oppose policies which affected national life. He felt that the business community needed to speak out as a single solid voice and not lobby for its own corporate or sectoral interest. From 1983 to 1986, MBC would be the prime advocate of political change.
In 1983, he fought with his third cousin Andrés Soriano, Jr. for control of San Miguel Corporation (SMC). After losing the battle for control, he sold the Zóbel de Ayala family's shares (equivalent to 19% of SMC) in SMC to Eduardo Cojuangco, Jr. His controversial move was met with the displeasure of his aunt, Doña Mercedes, and cost him his position at Ayala. He was succeeded by his first cousin Jaime Zóbel de Ayala in 1984.
On his own, he took on projects of unprecedented dimensions in 1984, building the Istana Nurul Iman (official residence of the Sultan of Brunei, Hassanal Bolkiah) at a total cost of around US$1.4 billion under his company, Ayala International, Inc.
Philanthropy.
The De La Salle-Santiago Zóbel School located in Ayala Alabang Village (an Ayala real estate development) was named in memory of son, Jacobo Santiago "Santi" (1954–1965), who died of pneumonia at the age of 11.
In 1990, he established the Enrique Zóbel Foundation, which focuses on social and economic development projects in Calatagan, Batangas.
Military service.
He was a pilot and reserve officer in the Philippine Air Force with the rank of colonel.
Later life.
On May 10, 1991, Zóbel suffered a spinal injury and was paralyzed from the waist down after an accident in Sotogrande, Spain while playing polo. He had to stop all physical activities and instead devoted his time to his foundation.
He was a recipient of the TOFIL Award in 2001.
He was a consummate pilot and was equally at home with jets and propeller airplanes. Even just before his death, he was looking for a small jet that could fly the distance from Manila to Hawaii, where he had a vacation home.
Personal life.
He was first married to Rocío Urquijo Novales with whom he had three children – Jácobo Santiago "Santi" (1954–1965), María de las Mercedes, and Iñigo. He later separated from Urquijo and married Dee Anne Hora, an American. After his death, Hora became the chairwoman of the Enrique Zóbel Foundation and continued his philanthropic works.
He was also known by his employees as a fluent Tagalog speaker with a twist of Batangueño accent given his sojourn in Batangas.
Death.
Zóbel died on May 17, 2004, at the age of 77.
Posthumous.
Zóbel was an avid polo player and was the first Filipino president of Manila Polo Club (1963–1964). In honor of his memory, the East Polo Field of the club was renamed Enrique Zóbel Field on January 9, 2005. The Enrique Zóbel Memorial Polo Cup was launched on January 30, 2005, at the club and has been held annually since.

</doc>
<doc id="6973069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973069" title="Feral rabbits">
Feral rabbits



</doc>
<doc id="6973070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973070" title="Los Fresnos Consolidated Independent School District">
Los Fresnos Consolidated Independent School District

Los Fresnos Consolidated Independent School District is a public school district based in Los Fresnos, Texas (USA).
In addition to Los Fresnos, the district serves the towns of Bayview and Indian Lake as well as the communities of Arroyo Gardens, Chula Vista, Del Mar Heights, Green Valley Farms, La Tina Ranch, Laureles, Olmito, and Orason. Portions of Brownsville and Rancho Viejo also lie within the district.
In 2016, the school district was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6973073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973073" title="Los Fresnos Consolidated ISD">
Los Fresnos Consolidated ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973075" title="Los Fresnos CISD">
Los Fresnos CISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973081" title="Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar (Musical)">
Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar (Musical)



</doc>
<doc id="6973083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973083" title="American Zoo and Aquarium Association">
American Zoo and Aquarium Association



</doc>
<doc id="6973085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973085" title="Proscyllium venustum">
Proscyllium venustum

The spotted smooth dogfish ("Proscyllium venustum") is a finback catshark of the family Proscylliidae, found in the temperate northwest Pacific Ocean, in the Okinawa Trough. Little else is known about this harmless oviparous species.

</doc>
<doc id="6973097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973097" title="Hallettsville Independent School District">
Hallettsville Independent School District

Hallettsville Independent School District is a public school district based in Hallettsville, Texas (USA).
Located in Lavaca County, very small portions of the district extend into Colorado and Jackson counties. It covers the Vysehrad Independent School District for high school.
Hallettsville ISD received a "B" rating from the Texas Education Agency for the 2022-2023 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="6973098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973098" title="Hallettsville ISD">
Hallettsville ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973101" title="Roby Consolidated Independent School District">
Roby Consolidated Independent School District

Roby Consolidated Independent School District is a public school district based in Roby, Texas (USA). Located in Fisher County, a small portion of the district extends into Jones County. The district also serves the unincorporated communities of Sylvester and McCaulley. All students attend classes in Roby.
Roby Consolidated ISD has two campuses -
In 2009, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
On July 1, 1990, Roby ISD absorbed the entirety of McCauley Independent School District and a portion of Hobbs Independent School District.
Controversy.
In July 2024, the ACLU of Texas sent Roby Consolidated Independent School District a letter, alleging that the district's 2023-2024 dress and grooming code appeared to violate the Texas CROWN Act, a state law which prohibits racial discrimination based on hair texture or styles, and asking the district to revise its policies for the 2024-2025 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="6973102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973102" title="Bruneau Jasper">
Bruneau Jasper



</doc>
<doc id="6973104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973104" title="Roby Consolidated ISD">
Roby Consolidated ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973105" title="Roby CISD">
Roby CISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973113" title="Lightweight floating charge">
Lightweight floating charge



</doc>
<doc id="6973114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973114" title="Featherweight floating charge">
Featherweight floating charge



</doc>
<doc id="6973117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973117" title="Rotan Independent School District">
Rotan Independent School District

Rotan Independent School District is a public school district based in Rotan, Texas (USA). Located in southern Fisher County, small portions of the district extend into Kent and Stonewall counties. 
History.
On July 1, 1990, the district absorbed a portion of the Hobbs Independent School District.
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Schools.
Rotan ISD has four campuses - 
Special programs.
Athletics.
Rotan High School plays six-man football.

</doc>
<doc id="6973118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973118" title="Toys In The Attic">
Toys In The Attic



</doc>
<doc id="6973119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973119" title="Hoy no me puedo levantar">
Hoy no me puedo levantar

Hoy no me puedo levantar ("Today I Can't Get up") is a Spanish jukebox musical, with music and lyrics by José María Cano and Nacho Cano, former members of the band Mecano. Based on 32 of the band's greatest hits and named after their first single, the musical centers on a pair of impoverished musicians trying to be part of La Movida Madrileña, after the fall of Francisco Franco's dictatorship. Through an analysis of the 1980s, the musical portrays the condition of these boys trying to survive in Madrid, under the shadow of drugs and AIDS. The musical ran for four seasons in Madrid's Rialto Theatre (former "Movistar Theatre") and for three seasons in Mexico City's Centro Cultural Telmex and Teatro Aldama. It was produced by "Drive" in Spain and "OCESA Teatro" in Mexico.
Background.
In the 1980s Mecano became a very successful and influential band in Spain and many other Spanish-speaking countries. Although the band split in September 1992, their songs continued to be very popular. This was one of the reasons why Ángel Suarez, after seeing the success Broadway musicals have in Madrid, imagined the first musical completely produced in Spain using songs from Mecano. Together with Nacho Cano and José Manuel Lorenzo, they developed a story, written by David Serrano, around the lyrics that were made popular by the band.
Synopsis.
Act One.
The play is set on Madrid in 1981 and revolves around Mario, a guy from a small town who wants to move to the city following the dream of creating his own band ("Hoy no me puedo levantar"). He and his best friend, Colate, are prepared to move out, but Colate's girlfriend, Ana, doesn't want him to leave. After Mario promises that he will take care of Colate, she finally agrees and they set off to Madrid ("Quiero vivir en la ciudad"). I
In Madrid, they go to many bars but are not allowed to play at any. They arrive at "El 33", where they get jobs as waiters in order to earn the money that they badly need to survive and buy instruments. They find out that there will be a band contest, and the winner will be able to record an album. Afterwards, they go to another bar to find more members for their band; there they meet Panchi and Guillermo ("Hoy no me puedo levantar (reprise)"/"No hay marcha en Nueva York"). 
Back in "El 33", Guillermo tries to create a new look for the band with the help of some gay stylists ("Maquillaje") and Mario meets a girl named Maria, whom he falls in love with. Later he confesses his love, but she is not interested in him ("Por la cara"). Guillermo introduces them to Patricia and, thanks to Panchi, they discover drugs and start smoking marijuana ("Hawaii-Bombay"). Panchi introduces Colate to Churchi, a very popular drug dealer in Madrid, and they start using cocaine. Ana goes to Madrid to visit Colate but is disappointed when she finds him drugged, with many people sleeping in the same room, and decides to leave ("Quédate en Madrid"). 
Anselmo, the owner of "El 33", teaches Mario bulerías to conquer Maria ("Una Rosa es Una Rosa") but she still refuses. Maria tells Patricia about the infidelities of men and proposes they become lesbians, but later says this was a joke ("Mujer contra Mujer"). After Panchi interrupts the scene, Maria is troubled because she thinks Mario is just going to hurt her ("Lía"). 
Colate spends all the money they have been saving to buy their instruments on drugs, and he tells the band members it was stolen from him. Anselmo decides to pay for the instruments and be the manager of the band, so they change their name from Luna to Rulé ("Me colé en una fiesta"). Rulé gets to the final of the contest and they win ("No controles"). Afterwards the band members celebrate. At the party, Churchi gives Colate a bag with heroin as a gift for his success. Mario and Maria have a fight, but in the end Maria gives in and they start going out ("Medley 1").
Act Two.
Some years have passed, and Rulé's album has been a big hit. While Colate and Panchi smoke marijuana on the roof of "El 33" they fantasize about Dalí and Laika ("'Eungenio' Salvador Dalí/Laika"). Afterwards, Anselmo, Mario and Guillermo find them and tell them they are going to produce the theme of a TV show ("Aire"). Colate goes back to his apartment and has a drug overdose ("Perdido en mi habitación"). 
Some months later they all get together in "El 33" to celebrate that their single "Aire" is a number one hit. Maria doesn't stay long because she has to work the next day and leaves, but she forgets her purse. When she returns she finds Mario making out with another girl, gets mad, and leaves. Mario writes a song for her, but Maria is offended by the song and they break up ("Cruz de Navajas"). 
Mario goes to find Colate, but he is not at his apartment. When he is about to leave, Colate walks in with a bag of heroin in his hand. Mario tries to convince him to stop using drugs, and the two get into a fight ("Barco a Venus"). Mario decides to become a solo artist and leaves the band ("El uno, el dos y el tres"). 
Four years after the band won the contest, Maria shows up in "El 33" looking for Mario, but he is not there. She and Anselmo talk about Mario's career and are depressed ("El 7 de septiembre"). When Maria is leaving, Mario walks in and spend the night together ("Hijo de la Luna"). 
On New Year's Eve of 1987, Maria, Anselmo, Colate, Panchi and Guillermo get together to celebrate ("Un año mas"). Colate is very skinny and weak and leaves the party early. Colate goes to find Mario in his new apartment, but Mario refuses to talk to him and throws him out. The audience learns that Colate has AIDS and he wanted to say goodbye to Mario. Colate phones Ana, who is now pregnant and married, and says goodbye; afterwards Colate hangs himself in his apartment ("El fallo positivo"). Panchi finds Colate's body and cries. Mario hears the news from Colate and feels very guilty and lonely ("Me cuesta tanto olvidarte"). 
Mario goes to the cemetery, where he finds all his old friends. After they leave, Mario stays behind and Colate's ghost appears to him ("No es serio este cementerio"). He tells Mario to go back to Madrid and form the band with Anselmo, instead of him, and get Maria back. Mario does this and goes back to "El 33" to meet Maria ("La fuerza del destino" / "Vivimos siempre juntos" / Medley 2).
Aspects of the show.
Interaction and multimedia.
The musical is interactive, and the audience is encouraged to dance and sing in all musical pieces, especially in the last medley. The fourth wall is broken many times, stating that the events shown are a musical, showing crew members, and interacting with the public (actors come down from the stage and dance, sing and even place wigs and costumes on members of the audience). A large screen on stage shows live images from the audience, the actors, the orchestra, along with other pre-recorded videos, which ultimately become important part of the play. In one scene, the characters discuss the plot and their performance in the play.
Productions.
En tu Fiesta me Colé.
A modified version of the play called "En tu Fiesta me Colé" ("I Crashed your Party") was shown in Madrid, Spain. This was a condensed version of the musical (an hour and a half) without the sex and drug themes portrayed in the original, made to be more family-friendly.
Mexican production.
On 24 May 2006 a Mexican production opened in Mexico City with Nacho Cano involved in the casting and co-direction. This production was almost identical to the original and had a few minor changes in order to be suitable for the Mexican audience. The name of Panchi was changed to Chakas and the name of Anselmo was changed to Venancio, and is the only character portrayed as a Spaniard (although the play takes place in Spain); also a group called Las Gelatinas (The Gelatins) sings a short part at the beginning of the song "No Controles"; this was made as a reference/parody of the real group Flans (cf. Flan) which made popular the song in Mexico. All the pre-recorded videos were reshot to set some scenes of the play in Mexico City. The interaction with the audience is nearly missing, except for "Maquillaje", "Me colé en una fiesta", and the finale.
Ana Torroja, Gloria Trevi, Ha*Ash, Moenia and Christian Chávez from RBD have been special guests to appear in the musical. In May 2007, when the Mexican production turned its first anniversary, the play had the special performances of Nacho Cano and the rock/pop band Motel. On 15 July 2007 the Mexican production closed for the first season; afterwards the play went on tour through Mexico and Latin America in the form of "Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar, el Concierto".
"Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar, el Concierto".
After the great success of the Mexican production, OCESA Teatro and Nacho Cano created a new condensed production of "Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar", that opened September 20, 2007 in Mexico City. This new version centers entirely in the songs, but not leaving aside the main plot. Four songs were deleted ("Maquillaje", "Hawaii-Bombay", "Lía" and "'Eungenio' Salvador Dalí/Laika") and a song was added ('"Ay que pesado"). The length is approximately two hours, one hour and a half less than the original musical.
Reception.
The play was a success in both Spain and Mexico, having various sell-outs. It has also created a cult-like following among teenagers like "Rent" did, including several persons that have seen the play more than a hundred times. In September 2007, after two years of its opening, it was announced that the musical has been seen by more than 1,500,000 spectators, making this play the most successful original production in Spanish of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="6973120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973120" title="Rotan ISD">
Rotan ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973123" title="Rocksprings Independent School District">
Rocksprings Independent School District

Rocksprings Independent School District is a public school district based in Rocksprings, Texas (USA) and located in Edwards County, with a very small portion of the district extending into Val Verde County.
Rocksprings ISD has two campuses -
On April 30, 1985, the Carta Valley Independent School District merged into Rocksprings ISD.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6973124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973124" title="Ahnentafel of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom">
Ahnentafel of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom



</doc>
<doc id="6973125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973125" title="Rocksprings ISD">
Rocksprings ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973139" title="Salado Independent School District">
Salado Independent School District

Salado Independent School District is a public school district based in Salado, Texas (USA). It is located in Bell County midway between Austin and Waco on Interstate 35.
In 2012, the school district was rated five stars on the Financial Allocation Study for Texas (FAST) ratings based on students' reading and mathematics achievement and district spending.
Academia.
The Salado High School Academic UIL Team has won eight state championships, including the most recent state championship in 2013. The One Act Play won championships in 2010 and 2012. Salado High School won the Texas Lone Star Cup in 2008 and 2013. SISD provides over 25 career and technology courses, including horticulture, fish hatcheries, forestry, biotechnology, agriculture sciences, home economics, web mastering, and computer animation graphics.
Taxes.
The tax rate for Salado ISD is currently $1.30 per $100 evaluation of property with $1.04 going to Maintenance and Operations and $.26 going to debt service.

</doc>
<doc id="6973142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973142" title="Salado ISD">
Salado ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973144" title="Safonovo, Safonovsky District, Smolensk Oblast">
Safonovo, Safonovsky District, Smolensk Oblast

Safonovo () is a town and the administrative center of Safonovsky District in Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located on the Vopets River northeast of Smolensk, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
Geography.
The town is located on the Vopets River northeast of Smolensk, the administrative center of the oblast.
Climate.
Safonovo has a warm-summer humid continental climate ("Dfb" in the Köppen climate classification).
History.
The village of Safonovo was first mentioned in 1859. In 1918, it became the administrative center of Safonovskaya Volost, and since 1929 it served as the administrative center of Safonovsky District. In the 1930s, large deposits of brown coal were discovered there. In 1938, the village was granted urban-type settlement status, and in 1952—town status.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Safonovo serves as the administrative center of Safonovsky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Safonovsky District as Safonovskoye Urban Settlement. As a municipal division, this administrative unit also has urban settlement status and is a part of Safonovsky Municipal District.
Economy.
Safonovo Electric Machines Factory—a manufacturer of powerful electric motors and generators, and "PO Avangard"—a significant producer of parts made out of glass- and carbon-fiber-reinforced polymers, are located in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="6973145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973145" title="Samnorwood Independent School District">
Samnorwood Independent School District

Samnorwood Independent School District (SISD) was a public school district based in the community of Samnorwood, Texas (USA).
History.
The district had one school. It came into existence in 1934 by combining seven local schools: Aberdeen, Abra, Dpzoer. Lutie, Nicholson, Plymouth, and Prairie View. Samnorwood ISD later absorbed the China Grove, Elm Valley, Enterprise, Hackberry, Lone mound, Needwood, and Roundup school districts.
On July 1, 1991, Lela Independent School District stopped operations, and Samnorwood ISD, along with Shamrock Independent School District, educated Lela ISD students until that district was formally merged into Shamrock ISD on July 1, 1992.
The secondary grades were discontinued in the fall of 2011 when only one high school student graduated. The district itself was closed and consolidated with the Wellington Independent School District effective July 1, 2012. The Texas Education Commissioner's Rule for District Takeover was used to close the district due to having too few students. Of the five school districts in Texas closed involuntarily under this rule from 2006 to 2015, Samnorwood ISD was the only one with a student body made up of mostly non-Hispanic white students.

</doc>
<doc id="6973146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973146" title="Samnorwood ISD">
Samnorwood ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973148" title="Chum Phuang district">
Chum Phuang district

Chum Phuang (, ; , )) is a district in the eastern part of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
Chum Phuang district was separated from Phimai district. It was made a minor district ("king amphoe") in 1956 and upgraded to a full district in 1959.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise): Prathai, Mueang Yang and Lam Thamenchai of Nakhon Ratchasima Province; Lam Plai Mat of Buriram province; and Huai Thalaeng and Phimai of Nakhon Ratchasima.
The district is the site of the Huay Bong Reservoir. The 25 million cubic metre capacity reservoir supplies water for the 800 households of Prasuk Subdistrict.
Administration.
The district is divided into nine sub-districts ("tambons"). Chum Phuang is the only township ("thesaban tambon") of the district, covering parts of the "tambon" Chum Phuang. There are a further nine tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="6973155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973155" title="Sealy Independent School District">
Sealy Independent School District

Sealy Independent School District is a public school district based in Sealy, Texas (USA). In addition to Sealy, the district serves the towns of San Felipe and Brazos Country serving students in southern Austin County. Sealy Independent School District is the only school district in Austin county with its own police department.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency. 
On May 7, 2016, voters approved a $43,220,000 Sealy ISD bond package, with 67 percent in favor. This led to the opening of Sealy Elementary School a few years later.
Schools.
The district has students in four schools.

</doc>
<doc id="6973156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973156" title="Kaija Sirén">
Kaija Sirén



</doc>
<doc id="6973158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973158" title="Sealy ISD">
Sealy ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973159" title="Kempton Bunton">
Kempton Bunton

Kempton Bunton (14 June 1904–April 1976) was an English man who confessed to taking Francisco Goya's painting "Portrait of the Duke of Wellington" from the National Gallery in London in 1961. The story of Bunton and the painting was the subject of the October 2015 BBC Radio 4 drama "Kempton and the Duke", and the 2020 film "The Duke".
A National Archives file, released in 2012, revealed that Bunton's son John had confessed to the theft in 1969.
The National Gallery burglary.
Motive.
Bunton was a disabled, retired bus driver who earned £8 a week in 1961 (equivalent to £ in ). In that year, Charles Bierer Wrightsman, a rich American art collector, who made his money in the oil business, purchased Goya's painting "Portrait of the Duke of Wellington" from John Osborne, 11th Duke of Leeds for the sum of £140,000 ($390,000) (). He had plans to take it to the United States. The British Government decided to buy the painting, for the same sum, to prevent the painting leaving Britain. The move was reported to have enraged Bunton, however, who objected to the television licence fee, considering that television should be made available to everybody who needed it. He had campaigned for free television licences for pensioners and had been imprisoned several times for refusing to pay for a licence.
Theft.
According to his own account, Bunton learnt from conversations with guards at the National Gallery that the elaborate electronic security system of infrared sensors and alarms was deactivated in the early morning to allow for cleaning. Bunton claimed that on the early morning of 21 August 1961 he had loosened a window in a toilet and entered the gallery. He further claimed that he had then prised the framed painting from the display and escaped via the window.
The police initially assumed that an expert art thief was responsible. A letter was received by the Reuters news agency, however, requesting a donation of £140,000 to charity to pay for television licences for poorer people, and demanding an amnesty for the thief, after which the painting would be returned. The request was declined.
Return and prosecution.
In 1965, four years after the theft, Bunton contacted a newspaper and, through a left-luggage office at Birmingham New Street railway station, returned the painting voluntarily. Six weeks later, he also surrendered to the police, who initially discounted him as a suspect, considering it unlikely that a 61-year-old retiree, weighing , could have carried out the theft.
During the subsequent trial, the jury convicted Bunton only of the theft of the frame, which had not been returned. Bunton's defence team, led by Jeremy Hutchinson QC, successfully claimed that Bunton never wanted to keep the painting, which meant he could not be convicted of stealing it. Bunton was sentenced to and served three months in prison. 
Subsequent confession, actions and legacy.
In 1996, documents released by the National Gallery implied that another person may have carried out the theft, and then passed the painting to Bunton. Bunton's son John was mentioned. In 2012, following a Freedom of Information request by Richard Voyce, and with the assistance of Sarah Teather MP, the National Archives released a confidential file from the Director of Public Prosecutions in which it was revealed that Bunton's son, John, had confessed to the theft following his arrest in 1969 for an unrelated minor offence. John Bunton said that his father had intended to use the painting as part of his campaign and that it would ultimately have been returned to the National Gallery. He said that both he and his brother, Kenneth, had been ordered by their father not to come forward despite the trial. Sir Norman Skelhorn, the Director of Public Prosecutions, reviewed the case and concluded that prosecutions either against John Bunton or against his father would be unlikely to succeed and no further action was taken against either.
In a direct response to the case, Section 11 of the Theft Act 1968 was enacted, making it an offence to remove without authority any object displayed or kept for display to the public in a building to which the public have access.
Bunton's wife Dorothy Clasper Bunton (née Donnelly) died in 1974. Bunton himself died in Newcastle upon Tyne in April 1976, aged 71. His death went largely unreported and there were no obituaries in the major newspapers.
In popular culture.
Bunton's purported theft and the disappearance of the Goya work entered popular culture. In the 1962 James Bond film "Dr. No", the painting is displayed in Dr. No's lair, with lead actor Sean Connery pausing before it. In "The Goodies", episode 6 of series 2, "Culture for the Masses", refers to aspects of the case. In 2015, the comedy drama "Kempton and the Duke" by David Spicer was broadcast on BBC Radio 4.
The story of the theft and the subsequent trial of Bunton was dramatised in the film "The Duke", starring Jim Broadbent and Helen Mirren, which premiered in UK cinemas on 25 February 2022. Coinciding with the release of the film, Christopher Bunton revealed previously unknown details about his grandfather's theft, including the family's side of the story.

</doc>
<doc id="6973161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973161" title="Shiner Independent School District">
Shiner Independent School District

Shiner Independent School District is a public school district based in Shiner, Texas, USA, and serves students in Lavaca County. A portion of the district extends into Gonzales County.
Campuses.
Shiner ISD has a combined high school/elementary campus – Shiner High School (grades 9–12) and Shiner Elementary (prekindergarten–grade 8). Construction of a new campus began in January 2006 and was completed in April 2007. The new campus is located just north of town directly adjacent to Comanche Stadium. Previously, both schools were located on a single city block along Avenue E (Highway 90-A).
Athletics.
Shiner ISD has been successful athletically in the past, with its teams winning multiple state championships in football, baseball, and softball. Shiner ISD has also twice been awarded the Lone Star Cup (2000–2001 and 2001–2002), which is awarded based on combined academic and athletic achievement.
Academics.
The Texas Education Agency assigned Shiner ISD a "B" grade in 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="6973164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973164" title="Shiner ISD">
Shiner ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973174" title="Paddy Bradley">
Paddy Bradley

Patrick Bradley (born 23 May 1981) is an Irish sportsman who plays Gaelic football for John Mitchel's Glenullin and the Derry county team. With the county he has won two National League titles, and individually an All Stars Award for his performance in the 2007 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship (and has been nominated a further four times).
With his club Bradley has won the Derry Senior Football Championship. He usually plays at full forward for both club and county. Bradley is regarded as one of the best forwards in Ireland, due to his accuracy in front of the posts with both left and right feet - from both open play and frees.
He has consistently been a high scorer for Derry, with a career high of 2-38 (44 points) during the 2004 All-Ireland Championship. He is third all-time top Ulster scorer in Championship football with a tally of 13-177 (216 points).
Early and personal life.
Bradley is from Kilrea, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. He attended secondary school at St Patrick's College, Maghera. Later he attended the University of Ulster Jordanstown.
Bradley is from a football background. His brother Eoin and cousin Gerard O'Kane both also play for Derry. His father Liam is current manager of Antrim. His uncle, Gabriel Bradley, was part of the Derry team that won back-to-back Ulster Championships in 1975 and 1976.
Playing career.
Club.
Bradley plays club football for John Mitchel's Glenullin. He captained the club to success in the 2007 Derry Senior Football Championship.
His ten points (six from open play) against reigning champions Ballinderry in the semi-final was instrumental in Glenullin reaching the final. Glenullin met Bellaghy in the final and after a replay, won the title.
A combination of Bellaghy's defensive screen system and tight man-marking by Michael McGoldrick kept Bradley relatively quiet in both games. However, he scored the winning point in the injury-time to secure the Championship for Glenullin.
Earlier that year, Glenullin won the Ulster Senior Club Football League, beating Latton of Monaghan in the final. The club reached the Ulster League final again the following year, but were defeated by fellow Derry club Ballinderry. In 2008 the club reached the final of the All-Ireland Sevens Championship, organised by Kilmacud Crokes. However, they were beaten 1–11 to 0–13 by St. Gall's of Antrim in the decider, although Bradley scored 0-05. Glenullin, jointly with Ballinderry won the 2008 Derry Senior Football League. Bradley was Glenullin captain for four seasons between 2005 and 2008.
While in the United States in the summer of 2003, Bradley played for the Wolfe Tones GAA Club in Chicago. After a replay the Wolfe Tones won the Chicago Senior Football Championship.
Inter-county.
Bradley made his debut for the Derry Senior team in late 1999 aged 18.
In his first season Derry won the 2000 National League, defeating Meath in the final. He made his Championship debut later that year in the Ulster Championship against Cavan, and Derry reached the Ulster final, but lost to Armagh. The following season he received his first nomination for an All Stars Award, as Derry reached the All-Ireland semi-final but were defeated by Galway.
In 2004, Bradley (2-38) and Enda Muldoon (3-24) contributed nearly 70% of Derry's total of 7-92 (113 points) in that year's Championship. Bradley received another All Star nomination that year.
Bradley was Derry captain in 2005 and received a third All Star nomination that year. Longford knocked Derry out of the 2006 Championship after a suspense-filled game, despite Bradley's scoring 2–07 against them. In addition to another All Star nomination in 2006, he was also nominated for the full forward spot on the inaugural GPA Gaelic Team of the Year, but lost out to Kieran Donaghy of Kerry.
In January 2007 Bradley was named Most Valuable Player in the All Star match between the 2006 and 2005 All Stars.
In April 2007 Bradley was banned for 12 weeks after a "minor physical interference" with a referee in a club game for Glenullin. He appealed the decision to both the Derry County Board and the Ulster Council, but both were rejected. However, the suspension was lifted after an appeal to the Disputes Resolution Authority, held on 29 May.
Bradley had an impressive season in 2007, ending with five points from play in the All-Ireland quarter-final defeat to Dublin. On 19 October 2007, he was announced as full forward on the 2007 All Star team. He was also named in the 2007 GPA Team of the Year.
Derry finished top of Division 1 of the 2008 National League and along with second placed Kerry qualified for the final, which Derry won.
Derry become the favourites to win the Ulster Championship. However, despite a good opening Ulster Championship victory over Donegal, (where Bradley scored 10 points in a man of the match display, Derry exited the Ulster Championship against Fermanagh at the semi-final stage and were defeated by Monaghan in the first round of the Qualifiers. He again received a nomination for a GPA All Star.
Bradley and Derry again reached the National League final in 2009, but were defeated by Kerry. Derry opened their 2009 Championship campaign with a win over Monaghan. However, they were defeated in the next round by Tyrone. Bradley was named captain for that game in the absence of suspended regular captain Fergal Doherty and injured vice-captain Niall McCusker.
Bradley only scored one point against Tyrone and it later emerged he was carrying an injury into the game. They were drawn against Monaghan again in the first round of the Qualifiers. On Monday 6 July 2009, five days ahead of the second clash with Monaghan, shock reports emerged that Bradley had quit the Derry panel. Speculation mounted that he had told the then county manager Damian Cassidy he was leaving after an in-house training game the day before. The Derry County Board released a statement on Monday night stating "Such rumours are totally unfounded and without substance".
Bradley played against Monaghan and scored 2-08 (2-06 from play) in a man-of-the-match performance. Derry's 2009 campaign however ended the following week with defeat to Donegal, with Bradley being forced off injured in the second half. In November 2010, with a new Derry manager in place, it was reported by "The Irish News" that Bradley would again be available for selection for the 2011 county panel.
Province.
Bradley won Railway Cup medals with Ulster in 2004 and 2007.
International.
Bradley was overlooked for a place on the Ireland squad for the 2004 International Rules Series against Australia. In 2005, despite scoring 24 points in a trial game he missed out again. He was in contention for a place in the 2006 team, but did not make the final 25-man panel due to injury/fitness concerns. The 2007 series was cancelled, Bradley was however selected for the 2008 Series in Australia.
School and college.
Playing in the half forward line, Bradley reached the 1998 MacRory Cup final with St. Pat's, but they were defeated by St Colman's College, Newry. He also played hurling at school and helped the school win the Mageean Cup.
Bradley was part of the UUJ team that won the Sigerson Cup in 2001. He was top scorer in the final with 0-05. He also won two Ryan Cup medals with the university.
Media work.
Bradley has appeared on the BBC's championship coverage.
Managerial career.
Bradley managed Newbridge to the Derry Intermediate Football Championship and was an Antrim coach working with his father Liam. Paddy Bradley was then "involved with" the Donegal Gaeltacht club Gaoth Dobhair. In late 2020, he was appointed as Derry under-20 football manager.
In November 2022, Bradley joined the backroom team of the Donegal senior footballers, working under the management of Paddy Carr.
Notes.
Each county participates in their respective provincial championship (in Derry's case the Ulster Championship) which operate through a knock-out cup competition format. The winners of each of the four Provincial Championships earn one of eight places in the All-Ireland quarter-finals. The 28 teams that fail to win their respective provincial championships receive a second opportunity to reach the All-Ireland quarter-finals via the All Ireland Qualifiers. The counties enter the Qualifiers at different stages (depending on how far they reached in their provincial championship). Four teams come through this system and join the four provincial champions in the All-Ireland quarter-finals.

</doc>
<doc id="6973176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973176" title="Santorini (disambiguation)">
Santorini (disambiguation)

Santorini is a Greek island in the Mediterranean's Aegean Sea.
Santorini may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6973178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973178" title="Santa Maria Independent School District">
Santa Maria Independent School District

Santa Maria Independent School District is a public school district based in the community of Santa Maria, Texas, United States.
In addition to Santa Maria, the district serves the communities of Bluetown and Iglesia Antigua.
Santa Maria ISD has three campuses - Santa Maria High School (grades 9-12), Santa Maria Middle (grades 5-8), and Tony Gonzalez Elementary (prekindergarten - grade 4).
As of 2007, the Texas State Energy Conservation Office awards Santa Maria ISD money due to the "colonias" served by the district.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.

</doc>
<doc id="6973179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973179" title="Habonim Dror Australia">
Habonim Dror Australia



</doc>
<doc id="6973180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973180" title="Santa Maria ISD">
Santa Maria ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973186" title="Sierra Blanca Independent School District">
Sierra Blanca Independent School District

Sierra Blanca Independent School District is a public school district in the community of Sierra Blanca, Texas, United States.
The district has one school that serves students in grades kindergarten through twelve.
As of 2007, the Texas State Energy Conservation Office awards Sierra Blanca ISD money due to the colonias served by the district.
The mascot is the vaquero.
History.
W. L. Moore served as principal until 1917, and at that point Hardee Wyatt became the principal.
One school building opened in 1925.
In 1942 enrollment was 150.
In 1947 another school building was established.
In 1949 the Sierra Blanca district sent the first teacher to Dell City upon request of the parents there. By January 1950 another teacher took over and the Dell City Independent School District was later established. Sierra Blanca ISD officials wanted to bus Dell City students to Sierra Blanca, something the Dell City residents did not want. Dell City residents also stated that Sierra Blanca offered the Dell City ISD an area that was not self-sustaining. In 1951 Sierra Blanca ISD's board voted to have Dell City students sent to Sierra Blanca on a 6-1 basis, prompting Dell City parents to state that they will not send their children to Sierra Blanca. The movement to form a Dell City district caused turmoil in board members of Sierra Blanca as they were afraid the loss of population would mean the district would no longer be accredited to teach high school, and the "El Paso Times" wrote that Sierra Blanca ISD superintendent William F. Wallace "was reported to have resigned because of the controversy." J. Graham became the next superintendent.
In 1950 another school building was established.
Circa 1968 Billie Jo Brown was the principal. In 1968 there was a protest in which more than 50% of the students refused to show up for school; the Committee for Justice, operated by a group including parents, wanted Brown to leave her position and a Mexican American placed on the school board. There were accusations that three teachers were improperly removed from their duties and of inappropriate physical punishment of students of Mexican origin.
From 1966 to 1973 SBISD had six superintendents. In 1969 the Texas Education Agency (TEA) asked the district to make changes at the school. In 1973 the TEA stated that the school's accreditation would be revoked unless it wrote a new school policy, which was last modified in 1953, get new school building created, and establish a community-oriented program to avoid a repeat of the 1968 protest.
Alumna Evelyn Loeffler became the superintendent some time after 2014.
In 2018 the district lost accreditation from the TEA. Its academic performance began being under state standards in 2014, and it was still under standards in 2018 despite improvements.
Academic achievement.
In 2009, the school district was rated "academically acceptable" by the Texas Education Agency.
Beginning circa 2014 the school's academic performance went below Texas standards. In 2015 50% of the students who tested for Texas academic measurement examinations had passed all such examinations.
Campus.
In 2018 there was one school building of red brick for all grades.
Demographics.
In 2018 the school had 13 teachers and around 120 students. These students, that year, were about 20% of the total number of people in Sierra Blanca. The small number of students means that bad performance in a few could damage Sierra Blanca's academic rankings. In 2018 alternative certification teachers were among the staff, and over 60% of the total number of teachers had been teaching for under five years each. Loeffler stated that the relative inexperience of the faculty made it more difficult to improve academic performance.
In 1973 about 54% of the students had Mexican ancestry. That year, none of the teachers did.
Special programs.
Athletics.
Sierra Blanca High School plays six-man football.
Volleyball,
Basketball,
Golf,
Track,
Cross Country

</doc>
<doc id="6973187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973187" title="Sierra Blanca ISD">
Sierra Blanca ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973188" title="Norske Skog Union">
Norske Skog Union

Norske Skog Union was a paper mill located in Skien in Norway. The mill was part of the Norske Skog Corporation and opened in 1873 with the name Union Co. The mill had two paper machines that produced 240,000 tonnes of newsprint and book paper. It was closed down in 2006.
History.
In 1872 Ulrik Sinding had established a pulp mill beside the waterfall Damfossen in Skien. The pulp mill was not profitable and in 1873 Benjamin Sewell bought the waterfall and the lots. This is considered the foundation of Union Co. In 1890 Union Co was merged with Skotfoss Bruk and Løveid Fabrikker at Skotfoss, where Union much later build Scandinavia's first electric railway, operated until 1966.
In the years that followed Union acquired a lot of companies, in 1916 they bought Skiens Papirfabrikk on Klosterøya in addition to many pulp mills. The mill at Skotfoss was closed in 1986 while there still was operation on Klosterøya.
The Norske Skog corporation bought Union in 1999. Cutbacks were soon implemented and in 2005 it was decided to close the mill, to large protests from the local population and politicians. One primary complaint was that Norske Skog wanted to sell the mill despite it operating at a profit. Norske Skog declined to sell the plant to other investors. The mill ceased operations in March 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6973196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973196" title="Yubisaki milk tea">
Yubisaki milk tea



</doc>
<doc id="6973198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973198" title="Sung Noen district">
Sung Noen district

Sung Noen (, ; , ) is a district ("amphoe") in western part of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The literal translation of "Sung Noen" is 'high hills', as the area has two high (sung) hills (noen) beside a pond, and has never been flooded. Sung Noen was the location of two ancient cities, Mueang Sema and Khorakha (Khorat) Pura. 
Historians believe that Sung Noen is Mueang Rat, a city under the rule of Pho Khun Pha Mueang, one of the rulers who played a great role in establishing the Sukhothai Kingdom, at the beginning of Thai history.
When the Northeastern railway was finished in 1901, the community consisting of Ban Sung Noen grew due to the passing of the railway. Thus the government raised Sung Noen to district status.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise) Dan Khun Thot, Kham Thale So, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima, Pak Thong Chai, Wang Nam Khiao and Sikhio.
Administration.
Central administration.
Sung Noen is divided into 11 subdistricts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 127 administrative villages ("mubans").
Local administration.
There are two subdistrict municipalities ("thesaban tambons") in the district:
There are 11 subdistrict administrative organizations (SAO) in the district:

</doc>
<doc id="6973202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973202" title="Shea Kerry">
Shea Kerry

Shea Kerry is an American writer and producer. He played the role of "Steve" in the thriller "Dark Honeymoon" (2008), starring Academy Award nominee Roy Scheider ("All That Jazz", "The French Connection"), Academy Award nominee Eric Roberts ("Runaway Train"), Steve Wilder, and Daryl Hannah.
Shea Kerry was also one of the producers for "Dark Honeymoon" (2008).
Early years.
Shea Kerry was born in Lawton, Oklahoma at the Army hospital in Fort Sill. He moved with his father's military postings to Virginia, Georgia, Alabama, and Florida until his family settled on the Gulf Coast in Long Beach, Mississippi.
His father is a veteran of the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962, best portrayed in the film, "Thirteen Days" (2000).
Kerry was a child model at 4 years old when he was scouted by a fashion photographer taking family photos at a local mall. Kerry became a professional actor at 12 doing local television commercials and theater. He starred in the productions of "Oliver", "South Pacific", "One Foot in Heaven", "Cinderella".
Kerry adapted and directed an original one man stage drama titled "Renfield" from Bram Stoker's "Dracula". Kerry appeared in this production at the Mississippi State Competition for Best Drama. He was encouraged by his drama coach and mentor Chuck Lembright, his dance partner Stacie MacDonald, and his sister Catherine to move to Los Angeles to enter the film industry.
Kerry moved to Los Angeles at age 17.
Los Angeles History.
Shea Kerry was accepted as an actor and a choreographer of the teen ensemble, "American Youth on Stage", which produced fashion and theatrical shows throughout Los Angeles. His mentors and creators of the group were Ed Diamond and Lance Lenon, both long-time performers from the national circuit. Diamond and Lenon guided Kerry's early career, and at age 18 they assigned Kerry as the manager and talent coordinator of their company, "New Concept Casting" which provided talent for Columbia Pictures which produced "The Discovery Project". One of those films won the Academy Award for Best Short Film.
Kerry continued his professional career with acting and directing in the touring company of "A Christmas Carol" and by appearing in the film "Norma Jean &amp; Marilyn" (1996) starring Ashley Judd. Kerry was the choreographer and one of the producers for the Angel Awards in the Embassy Room of the Ambassador Hotel, the site of the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy on June 4, 1968.
"We changed into our costumes in the cramped and dingy pantry, and those of us who knew its sad legacy were silent", Kerry said.
Kerry continued to teach Ballroom dancing to the children of "The United Way" and "The Leukemia Society" which gave him the "DJ of the Year Award". "Children are the most fun to teach", he once said.
Kerry appeared on the situation comedy, with Michael J. Fox and in the Robert Carradine film, "Number One with a Bullet" (1987) with Billy Dee Williams. Kerry said ten years later, "I was playing an assault trooper with a big heavy gun, and I was so excited to be working with Robert Carradine that I wanted to really give it my all. When the director called action, I ran full out down the wet grassy hill with the heavy gun, and I immediately fell on my face, sliding all the way down the hill to come to a stop right in front of the camera and the entire crew. The director yelled, "Cut! What was that?"
"I had ripped out both knees of my uniform so I was sent back to wardrobe as they re-set the scene to shoot what I had just destroyed. I kept wondering why the make-up crew were all smiling at me as they bandaged my knees and trashed my costume. Then they gave me the note that said I was done for the day. I had really wanted to meet Robert and impress him with my superb acting ability. I never got to meet him, but I'm sure he enjoyed my slide."
Another of Kerry's memorable acting roles was his scene with Tracey Ullman on her television variety show, "The Tracey Ullman Show" (1987). 
The show was broadcast live, and the sustained laughter from the audience reaction to the scene caused Kerry's fellow actor to sit in the wrong chair at the wrong time. The cameras rolled on while Kerry, Tracey, and the other actors adjusted their positions and completed the scene.
"It was the longest pause for laughter in my entire stage career. Tracy almost sat on the actor's lap as he tried to get out of her way. The audience wouldn't stop laughing. Tracy Ullman is the best comic actress I've ever worked with", Kerry said later.
Kerry appeared in the compelling and award-winning film "Remnants of Auric Healing" (2004) about a school teacher driven by desperation to confront the obsessions that were destroying his life.
Hurricane Katrina.
Kerry returned to his hometown of Long Beach, Mississippi on the Gulf Coast in August 2005 to search for his father who was injured and missing in Hurricane Katrina. "The entire Gulf Coast had been washed away, all of it", said Kerry.
Kerry was reunited with his father at the Veteran's Hospital in Biloxi, Mississippi. Kerry helped with the Katrina disaster relief after visiting his father and is now writing a book titled "Finding My Father" from his experiences on the devastated Gulf Coast. Kerry returned to Los Angeles with a film record of the Gulf Coast residents made homeless, the National Guard troops protecting them, and the miles of destroyed houses and casinos. This will be broadcast in a documentary in 2007.
"I filmed a line of police cars from Pensacola that was so long I felt it might stretch all the way back to Florida," he said. "We stood quietly and watched them pass, as one mourns a funeral train, but instead of sadness it gave us the feeling that life would get better."
Recent films.
Shea Kerry was one of the producers for the motion picture "Love is the Drug" (2006) from the acclaimed screenwriter Wesley Strick, which starred Daryl Hannah and Lizzy Caplan. Kerry represented the film as one of the producers at the 2006 Slamdance competition screening alongside the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah.
Kerry appeared with Sean Penn in the Academy Award-winning film, "MILK" (2008).
Shea Kerry will produce "The Prodigal Son" from his original screenplay, to be followed by "The Vampires of New Orleans" filmed on location in Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="6973204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973204" title="Battle of Amon Hen">
Battle of Amon Hen



</doc>
<doc id="6973208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973208" title="Charge trap flash">
Charge trap flash

Charge trap flash (CTF) is a semiconductor memory technology used in creating non-volatile NOR and NAND flash memory. It is a type of floating-gate MOSFET memory technology, but differs from the conventional floating-gate technology in that it uses a silicon nitride film to store electrons rather than the doped polycrystalline silicon typical of a floating-gate structure. This approach allows memory manufacturers to reduce manufacturing costs five ways:
While the charge-trapping concept was around earlier, it wasn't until 2002 that AMD and Fujitsu produced high-volume charge-trapping flash memory. They began the commercial production of charge-trapping flash memory with the introduction of the GL NOR flash memory family. The same business, now operating under the Spansion name, has produced charge trapping devices in high volume since that time. Charge trapping flash accounted for 30% of 2008's $2.5 billion NOR flash market. Saifun Semiconductors, who licensed a large charge trapping technology portfolio to several companies, was acquired by Spansion in March 2008. From the late 2000s, CTF became a core component of 3D V-NAND flash memory developed by Toshiba and Samsung Electronics.
Origins.
In 1957, Frosch and Derick were able to manufacture the first silicon dioxide field effect transistors at Bell Labs, the first transistors in which drain and source were adjacent at the surface. Subsequently, Dawon Kahng led a paper demonstrating a working MOSFET with their Bell Labs team in 1960. The team included E. E. LaBate and E. I. Povilonis who fabricated the device; M. O. Thurston, L. A. D’Asaro, and J. R. Ligenza who developed the diffusion processes, and H. K. Gummel and R. Lindner who characterized the device.
Later, Kahng went on to invent the floating-gate MOSFET with Simon Min Sze at Bell Labs, and they proposed its use as a floating-gate (FG) memory cell, in 1967. This was the first form of non-volatile memory based on the injection and storage of charges in a floating-gate MOSFET, which later became the basis for EPROM (erasable PROM), EEPROM (electrically erasable PROM) and flash memory technologies.
The charge-trapping concept was first presented by John Szedon and Ting L. Chu in 1967.
In late 1967, a Sperry research team led by H.A. Richard Wegener invented the metal–nitride–oxide–semiconductor transistor (MNOS transistor), a type of MOSFET in which the oxide layer is replaced by a double layer of nitride and oxide. Nitride was used as a trapping layer instead of a floating gate, but its use was limited as it was considered inferior to a floating gate. The MNOS transistor device could be programmed through the application of a 50-volt forward or reverse bias between the gate and the channel to trap charges that would impact the threshold voltage of the transistor.
Charge trap (CT) memory was introduced with MNOS devices in the late 1960s. It had a device structure and operating principles similar to floating-gate (FG) memory, but the main difference is that the charges are stored in a conducting material (typically a doped polysilicon layer) in FG memory, whereas CT memory stored charges in localized traps within a dielectric layer (typically made of silicon nitride).
Charge trap EEPROM.
By 1974, charge trap technology was used as a storage mechanism in electrically erasable programmable read-only memory (EEPROM), and was an alternative to the standard floating-gate MOSFET technology. In 1977, P.C.Y. Chen of Fairchild Camera and Instrument published a paper detailing the invention of SONOS, a MOSFET technology with far less demanding program and erase conditions and longer charge storage. This improvement led to manufacturable EEPROM devices based on charge-trapping SONOS in the 1980s.
Charge trap flash experiments.
In 1991, Japanese NEC researchers including N. Kodama, K. Oyama and Hiroki Shirai developed a type of flash memory that incorporated a charge trap method. In 1998, Israeli engineer Boaz Eitan of Saifun Semiconductors (later acquired by Spansion) patented a flash memory technology named NROM that took advantage of a charge trapping layer to replace the floating gate used in conventional flash memory designs. Two important innovations appear in this patent: the localization of the injected negative and positive charges close to the cell's drain/source terminals, and utilizing a reverse read concept to detect the cell's stored data on either end of the charge trap. These two new ideas enabled high cycling thus allowing reliable charge trap flash products to be produced for the first time since the charge trapping concept was invented 30 years earlier. Furthermore, using these concepts it is possible to create two separate physical bits per cell, doubling the capacity of stored data per cell.
In 2000, an Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) research team led by Richard M. Fastow, Egyptian engineer Khaled Z. Ahmed and Jordanian engineer Sameer Haddad (who later joined Spansion) demonstrated a charge trap mechanism for NOR flash memory cells. These innovations were further improved at AMD and Fujitsu in 2002 (and later by Spansion), and first put into volume production by these companies in what was called “MirrorBit Flash memory.”
Spansion MirrorBit Flash memory.
Charge trapping flash (CTF) was commercialized by AMD and Fujitsu in 2002. That year, AMD (in a division later spun off as Spansion) announced a new flash memory technology it called "MirrorBit". Spansion used this product to reduce manufacturing costs and extend the density range of NOR Flash memory past that of conventional NOR flash and to match the cost of the multi-level cell NOR flash being manufactured by Intel.
The MirrorBit cell uses a charge trapping layer not only as a substitute for a conventional floating gate, but it also takes advantage of the non-conducting nature of the charge storage nitride to allow two bits to share the same memory cell. Shown in Figure 1 the bits reside at opposite ends of the cell and can be read by running a current through the channel in different directions.
Products have been successfully made to combine this approach with multilevel cell technology to contain four bits on a cell.
Charge trapping operation.
Like the floating gate memory cell, a charge trapping cell uses a variable charge between the control gate and the channel to change the threshold voltage of the transistor. The mechanisms to modify this charge are relatively similar between the floating gate and the charge trap, and the read mechanisms are also very similar.
Charge trapping vs floating gate mechanisms.
In a charge trapping flash, electrons are stored in a trapping layer just as they are stored in the floating gate in a standard flash memory, EEPROM, or EPROM. The key difference is that the charge trapping layer is an insulator, while the floating gate is a conductor.
High write loads in a flash memory cause stress on the tunnel oxide layer creating small disruptions in the crystal lattice called "oxide defects". If a large number of such disruptions are created a short circuit develops between the floating gate and the transistor's channel and the floating gate can no longer hold a charge. This is the root cause of flash wear-out (see Flash memory#Memory wear), which is specified as the chip's “endurance.” In order to reduce the occurrence of such short circuits, floating gate flash is manufactured using a thick tunnel oxide (~100Å), but this slows erase when Fowler-Nordheim tunneling is used and forces the design to use a higher tunneling voltage, which puts new burdens on other parts of the chip.
A charge trapping cell is relatively immune to such difficulties, since the charge trapping layer is an insulator. A short circuit created by an oxide defect between the charge trapping layer and the channel will drain off only the electrons in immediate contact with the short, leaving the other electrons in place to continue to control the threshold voltage of the transistor. Since short circuits are less of a concern, a thinner tunnel oxide layer can be used (50-70Å) increasing the trapping layer's coupling to the channel and leading to a faster program speed (with localized trapped charges) and erasing with lower tunneling voltages. The lower tunneling voltages, in turn, place less stress on the tunnel oxide layer, leading to fewer lattice disruptions.
Another important benefit of using a charge trapping cell is that the thin charge trapping layer reduces capacitive coupling between neighboring cells to improve performance and scalability.
Getting the charge onto the charge trapping layer.
Electrons are moved onto the charge trapping layer similarly to the way that floating gate NOR flash is programmed, through channel hot electron (CHE) injection mechanism also known as Hot-carrier injection. In brief, a high voltage is placed between the control gate while a medium-high voltage is applied on the source and the drain while a current is induced from the source to the drain. Those electrons that have gained sufficient energy in traversing through the high-field region near the drain will boil off from the channel to be injected into the charge trapping layer where they come to rest.
Removing a charge from the charge trapping layer.
Charge Trapping flash is erased via hot hole injection (see Hot-carrier injection) as opposed to the Fowler–Nordheim tunneling approach used in both NAND and NOR flash for erasure. This process uses a field, rather than the current used in FN, to move holes toward the charge trapping layer to remove the charge.
Manufacturing charge trapping flash.
Charge trapping flash is similar in manufacture to floating gate flash with certain exceptions that serve to simplify manufacturing.
Materials differences from floating gate.
Both floating gate flash and charge trapping flash use a stacked gate structure in which a floating gate or charge trapping layer lies immediately above the channel, and below a control gate. The floating gate or charge trapping layer is insulated from the channel by a tunnel oxide layer and from the control gate by a gate oxide layer. Materials for all of these layers are the same with the exception of the storage layer, which is conductive polysilicon for the floating gate structure and is typically silicon nitride for the charge trap.
Relationship of charge trapping to silicon nanocrystals.
Freescale Semiconductor manufactures a somewhat similar technology the company calls "Thin Film Storage" in its microcontroller or MCU line. The Freescale approach uses silicon nanocrystals as conductive islands in a nonconductive layer of silicon oxide.
Like the more conventional silicon nitride charge trap, electrons do not flow from one side of the floating gate to the other, extending the cell's wear.
This nanocrystal approach is being manufactured in volume by Freescale and charge trapping storage in general is in development at ST Microelectronics, Philips, Renesas, Samsung, Toshiba, Atmel, and Spansion.
Process differences from Floating Gate.
Since the nitride charge trapping layer is nonconductive, it does not need to be patterned – all the charge traps are already insulated from each other. This can be used to simplify manufacturing.
Floating gate structures have required more elaborate gate dielectrics for the past few process generations and today commonly use an ONO (oxide-nitride-oxide) structure which is more complex to manufacture and is unnecessary in a charge-trapping flash.
One advantage of the nitride layer is that it is less sensitive to high temperature fabrication processing than is the polysilicon used in a floating gate. This simplifies processing of the layers above the charge trap.
MirrorBit Flash memory.
Spansion's MirrorBit Flash and Saifun's NROM are two flash memories that use a charge trapping mechanism in nitride to store two bits onto the same cell effectively doubling the memory capacity of a chip. This is done by placing charges on either side of the charge trap layer. The cell is read by using forward and reverse currents through the channel to read either side of the charge trap.
MirrorBit operation – getting 2 bits onto the cell.
During CHE programming (figure 2) the hot electrons are injected from the channel into the charge trapping layer toward the biased drain end of the channel, but not from the floating source end of the channel. By allowing the transistor's source and drain to switch from one end of the channel to the other, charges can be injected and stored into the charge trapping layer over either end of the channel.
In a similar way, one end of the charge trapping cell can be erased by placing the erasing field at one end or the other of the channel, allowing the other end to float as shown in figure 3. Band-to-band Hot Hole Erase creates holes that are trapped locally some of which recombine with electrons to remove the charge from that end of the charge trap.
Reading 2 bits from the cell.
The MirrorBit read is performed very simply by reversing the source and drain contacts. The junction depletion region extending from the drain side shields the channel from the charge on the side of the charge trapping cell that overlies the drain. The net result of this is that the drain-side charge has little effect on the current running through the channel, while the source-side charge determines the threshold of the transistor.
When source and drain are reversed, the opposite side's charge determines the transistor's threshold.
This way two different charge levels at either end of the charge trapping cell will cause two different currents to flow through the cell, depending on the direction of the current flow.
Later developments.
Charge trapping NAND – Samsung and others.
Samsung Electronics in 2006 disclosed its research into the use of Charge Trapping Flash to allow continued scaling of NAND technology using cell structures similar to the planar structures in use at that time. The technology depends on a SONOS (silicon–oxide–nitride–oxide–silicon) or MONOS (metal-ONOS) capacitor structure, storing the information in charge traps in the nitride layer.
Samsung disclosed two cell structures: TANOS (Titanium, Alumina, Nitride, Oxide, Silicon) for 40 nm, where researchers believed that the existing 3D cap structure (described in detail later in this article) could not be manufactured, and THNOS, in which the aluminum oxide would be replaced with an undisclosed high-k dielectric material. The high-k material was expected to yield longer retention times than the aluminum oxide structure.
In a cap structure the control gate is extended to form a barrier between adjacent floating gates in a conventional floating gate cell.
Over the following five years many device designers found ways to push the cap structure to increasingly tighter process geometries, successfully producing NAND at the 30 nm node with this approach.
Charge trapping is still viewed as a future technology for NAND flash, but it is being considered more for vertical structures than for planar cells.
Why NAND needs charge trapping technology.
NAND flash has been scaling very aggressively (figure 4). As processes migrate, the width of the interface of the control gate and the floating gate shrinks in proportion to the square of the shrink, and the spacing between floating gates shrinks in proportion to the process shrink, but the floating gate's thickness remains the same (the thinner the floating gate is made the less tolerant the cell becomes to electron loss). This means that the coupling between adjacent floating gates becomes larger than the coupling between the control gate and the floating gate, leading to data corruption between adjacent bits.
As processes continue to shrink, this becomes increasingly problematic. For this reason the control gate in modern NAND flash has been reconfigured to cap the floating gate. In a cap structure the control gate is extended to form a barrier between adjacent floating gates in a conventional floating gate cell (see figure 5). This serves to reduce coupling to the adjacent floating gate while increasing the coupling between the floating gate and the control gate. One drawback is that the control gate couples to the channel, so measures must be taken to minimize this coupling.
It was believed in 2006 that the existing floating gate cap structure could not be manufactured at processes smaller than the 50 nm node due to difficulties in producing the complex three-layer ONO gate oxide that these devices require.
Samsung even announced in late 2006 that by 2008 it would put such a device into production at the 40 nm process node, but over the five years following this announcement many device designers found ways to push the cap structure to increasingly tighter process geometries, successfully producing NAND down to 20 nm node with this approach.
The charge trapping approach is still viewed as a future for NAND flash for processes smaller than 20 nm and is being considered for both planar as well as vertical 3D structures.
When this change might occur.
Today SanDisk asserts that the company expects to continue to use conventional NAND structures into a second node in the 10–19 nm range. This implies that standard device structures could stay in place until the industry reaches 10 nm, however the challenges of producing a reliable floating gate become more severe with each process shrink.
On the other hand, the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS) process technology roadmap's 2010 Process Integration, Devices, and Structures (PIDS) tables show adoption of charge trapping starting at 22 nm in 2012, and becoming mainstream in 2014 with the 20 nm process.
It is possible that a planar charge trapping cell will be used for future processes. No manufacturers have yet disclosed their processes for geometries smaller than 19 nm.
Charge trapping layers for vertical structures.
Vertical structures are seen as a logical next step for NAND flash, once further horizontal scaling becomes inviable. Since vertical features cannot be etched sideways, a charge trapping layer becomes a very interesting way to build a vertical NAND flash string.
Toshiba and Samsung Electronics have disclosed prototypes for vertical charge trapping NAND structures.
Toshiba's BiCS and Samsung's 3D NAND.
Toshiba in 2007 and Samsung in 2009 announced the development of 3D V-NAND, a means of building a standard NAND flash bit string vertically rather than horizontally to increase the number of bits in a given area of silicon.
A rough idea of the cross section of this is shown in figure 6. In this drawing the red portions represent conductive polysilicon, the blue is silicon dioxide insulating layers, and the yellow is the nitride charge trapping layer.
The vertical structures (only one shown) are cylinders that implement a channel that is wrapped in alternating dielectric and charge trapping layers (blue and yellow). To manufacture such a device layers of conducting polysilicon and silicon dioxide dielectric are deposited first on top of a silicon substrate that contains standard CMOS logic elements. A trench is then etched and its walls are deposited first with silicon dioxide (blue), then silicon nitride (yellow), then another silicon dioxide (blue) layer, forming the gate dielectric, the charge trap, and the tunnel dielectric in that order. Finally the hole is filled with conducting polysilicon (red) which forms the channel. The alternating layers of conductive polysilicon function as the control gates in this structure.
This structure takes advantage of the fact that the charge trap layer does not need to be insulated between each control gate, so it need not be etched in the vertical direction.
Charge trapping in embedded memories.
One advantage that charge trapping flash has over other technologies is that it can be relatively easily embedded with a standard logic process. A standard logic process can be converted to a logic-plus-flash process through the addition of three more high voltage masks and three more core CTF masks, and none of these six masks is a critical layer (i.e. needs to use the most advanced part of the process). All other logic processes can be shared directly.
Bandgap-Engineered Charge-Trapping Memory Devices.
In ITRS PIDS 2013, it was clearly mentioned that bandgap engineered charge-trapping devices are needed to resolve the retention and erase dilemma. SONOS using a simple tunnel oxide, however, is not suitable for NAND application-once electrons are trapped in deep SiN trap levels they are difficult to detrap even under high electric field. In order to erase the device quickly holes in the substrate are injected into the SiN to neutralize the electron charge. Since the hole barrier for SiO2 is high (~4.1 eV), hole injection efficiency is poor and sufficient hole current is only achievable by using very thin tunnel oxide (~ 2 nm). Such thin tunnel oxide, however, results in poor data retention because direct hole tunneling from the substrate under the weak built-in field caused by storage electrons cannot be stopped (the rate of direct tunneling is a strong function of the barrier thickness but only weakly depends on the electric field, thus the weak built-in field by charge storage is sufficient to cause direct hole tunneling from the substrate which ruins the data retention). Several variations of SONOS have been proposed. Tunnel dielectric engineering concepts are used to modify the tunneling barrier properties to create "variable thickness" tunnel dielectric. For example, triple ultra-thin (1–2 nm) layers of ONO are introduced to replace the single oxide (BE-SONOS) [H. T. Lue, et al, IEDM 2005]. Under high electric field, the upper two layers of oxide and nitride are offset above the Si valence band, and substrate holes readily tunnel through the bottom thin oxide and inject into the thick SiN trapping layer above. In data storage mode, the weak electric field does not offset the triple layer and both electrons in the SiN and holes in the substrate are blocked by the total thickness of the triple layer. Later BE-SONOS is added high-K (Al2O3) and metal gate to enhance the erase performances, the so-called BE-MANOS [S. C. Lai, et al, NVSMW 2007]. It is suggested to add a buffer oxide in between high-K Al2O3 and SiN to improve the retention. Right now the mass production 3D NAND adopts a similar structure of BE-MANOS, with some variations of detail recipe tuning by each individual companies. The concept of bandgap engineered for tunneling barrier is recognized as a necessary path for charge-trapping devices.
Although charge trapping NAND can help the GCR and FG cross talk issues and thus promises scaling below 20nm it does not help the fundamental limitations such as word line breakdown and too few electrons. Therefore, in the
roadmap trend it occupies a transition role between planar FG and 3D NAND. When charge trapping devices are used to build 3D NAND, the larger device size naturally solves the electron number and the word line breakdown issues.

</doc>
<doc id="6973225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973225" title="An-8">
An-8



</doc>
<doc id="6973233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973233" title="An-10">
An-10



</doc>
<doc id="6973239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973239" title="Kologriv">
Kologriv

Kologriv () is a town and the administrative center of Kologrivsky District in Kostroma Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Unzha River northeast of Kostroma, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
History.
Kologriv is first mentioned in chronicles in the beginning of the 16th century. It was granted town status in 1778.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Kologriv serves as the administrative center of the Kologrivsky District. As an administrative division, it includes seven rural localities, incorporated within Kologrivsky District as the town of district significance of Kologriv. As a municipal division, the town of district significance of Kologriv is incorporated within Kologrivsky Municipal District as Kologriv Urban Settlement.

</doc>
<doc id="6973240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973240" title="Powergen Cup">
Powergen Cup



</doc>
<doc id="6973242" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973242" title="Kenmore Australian Football Club">
Kenmore Australian Football Club

The Kenmore Australian Football Club, also known as the "Kenmore Bears" is an Australian rules football club formed as an offshoot of an older junior club which is notable as having produced Australian Football League players Mal Michael and Courtenay Dempsey. Other Australian rules football players Max Hudghton, Jackson Allen, Peter Yagmoor and Rex Liddy spent a significant amount of their junior careers at Kenmore's junior club. 
History.
Formation.
The Kenmore Bears was formed in the 1997 season. The Club was originally formed to give players from the Kenmore Juniors AFC an opportunity to play senior football close to home. At that stage, the closest senior club, West Brisbane Australian Football Club, had folded after winning the 1996 Queensland Australia Football League (QAFL) Premiership.
In its first season, Kenmore fielded one side in the Division 3 competition in what was then the Brisbane Australian Football League (BAFL). They originally played out of the home of the Kenmore Juniors, at Akuna Oval in Kenmore. In their first season, Kenmore tasted success, winning the Premiership. This was followed quickly by another Premiership in 1998.
Promotion.
In 1999, Kenmore were promoted to the 2nd Division of the BAFL. Playing in this division required the formation of two sides. It was Kenmore's hardest season since their formation, with both sides winning only a handful of games and finishing towards the bottom of the table.
Division 3.
In 2000, the BAFL merged with its Gold Coast equivalent to form the Australian Football League South Queensland (AFLSQ). Kenmore played in two losing Division 3 Grand Finals of the new competition in 2000 and 2001, before winning the premiership again in 2002. In 2001, the club changed home grounds to that of the Jindalee Jags which is in Wongaburra Street, Jindalee. After captaining Kenmore to consecutive losing Grand Finals, Jeff Williams handed over his captaincy to Anthony Randell. Williams remained with a club as a playing Assistant Coach in 2002, returning to coach the Seniors in 2005.
In 2002, the Club's administration looked for a bigger home ground, with the Jindalee base considered too small for Senior football. At this point the decision was made to move to a new home ground in Queenscroft Street, Chelmer. Incidentally, these clubrooms were the West Brisbane clubrooms when they folded.
Promoted Again.
In 2003, Kenmore were promoted into the Division 2 competition. This was a tough year for the club, but also an important year for its development. The Seniors finished the year without a win and on the bottom of the table. However, future premiership captain Peter Stowasser played his first year for the club this season. In a stark contrast, the Reserves side, captained by Brett "Billy" Stevens, won the Premiership. The side included many players still playing junior football, such as Tim Plummer, Greg Stirling and Brendan Stirling. Bolstered by ageing yet quality inclusions such as Cameron Bulley (who captained the 1996 West Brisbane Premiership), Brad Lennon and Peter Halverson, the side overcame Wynnum in the Grand Final.
The following season in 2004 Kenmore registered its first win in the Seniors, defeating Glasshouse by 55 points at home. Captained now by Peter Stowasser, the side quickly followed its win with another over Griffith University by 6 points. However, wins were still uncommon, both sides registering 6 wins each for the season. Importantly for the Seniors though, they registered their first win over a finals side, defeating eventual runners-up Ipswich away in Round 9. As a sign of the club's growth, 6 future Premiership players made their Seniors debut that season: Simeon Bell, Ian Maughan, James May, Will Nase, Nick Routledge and Cameron Stirling (who was then only 15). Ashley Bone, Scott Matthews, Peter Stowasser and the other three Stirling brothers, Andrew, Greg and Brendan, were the other the 6 players to play Seniors that year and later in the 2006 Premiership.
2005 was a year of ever improving fortunes for Kenmore. Coached by Jeff Williams, who returned to the club after playing his last game in 2002, the Seniors made their first finals series (finishing fourth). They defeated Logan in the first week in a spiteful clash that lead to several reports, all but one on Logan players. They then faced Moorooka in the semi-final, defeating them comfortably, before losing narrowly to an Ipswich side strengthened by the late inclusion of eventual AFL player Rhan Hooper. The Reserves also made the finals, competing in the semi-final which they lost. With finals experience and a core group of players committed to the following season, Kenmore were well placed to capitalise on the hard work of previous years. Another 6 future premiership players joined the team in 2005: Nick Dunn, Trent Fuller, Adrian Murphy, Tristan Shaw, Michael Nixon and Robert Sullivan.
Before the 2006 season, AFSLQ merged with the Australian Football League of Queensland (AFLQ). As a result, Kenmore moved into the AFLQ State Association Division 2. In 2006, Kenmore's 10th season, Jeff Williams coached and Peter Stowasser captained the first undefeated premiership side Kenmore had. The inclusion of Dean Jennings, Wayne Patterson and Tom Cook into the side was invaluable, Cook particularly so given his Best on Ground performance in the Grand Final. However, it was the inclusion of star forward Shayne Etherton that really had the side firing. Etherton took Kenmore's record for most goals in a game (14 versus Calamvale away in Round 4) and ended the home and away season with a staggering 100 goals exactly. Kenmore rarely looked threatened during the season and eventually won the Grand Final by a huge 77 points, defeating a lacklustre Logan City. The Reserves had another successful season, making the finals, but again losing in the second week to eventual Grand Finalists Logan City.
Division 1.
In 2007 Kenmore was promoted once again after the most successful year at the club into the AFLQ State Association Division 1.
In 2008 Kenmore again entered an U18 side back in the competition winning the Premiership, with a coaching squad of fathers and a more than promising group of kids who will be the future of the Kenmore Seniors for the years ahead.
During 2009 and 2010 the KAFC the seniors and reserves landed on some tough times that did not see as many wins as they would have liked as a number of experienced players moved on to clubs in higher divisions.
For the 2011 season, it was a name linked to our closest rival that came over to coach the football club and turn around the fortunes on the field. Tom Corless provided direction on the field and was able to guide the club to some important wins in the competition again. The Reserves were back playing finals football under new coach James Dobson. During 2011 U18 side coached by John Baldwin, won the Premiership after an amazing season which saw a number of the younger Bears playing both Senior football and U18 football most weekends.
The 2012 season was again big improvements for the Seniors team who were able to finish back near the top of the table losing the preliminary final. A number of players were coming through from the Juniors and developing over the last few seasons and it was showing. The U18 team again had a magnificent year, just losing the Grand Final on the back of a successful two years where a group of kids from Jindalee &amp; Kenmore played fantastic football.
In 2013 Kenmore did not have enough younger players to enter an U18 side, so we changed course and entered a Third side in the Division 4 competition which allowed the younger players to still play football with their mates. It was a learning experiment but added a new edge to the football club mixing youth and experience. Meanwhile, the Reserves were able to play some good football before losing the Preliminary final.
North &amp; South.
In 2014, AFLQ decided to realign the competitions again to try and limit travel. Kenmore is now playing in the QFA Southern Conference travelling from Coolangatta to Brisbane. 2014 saw a number of changes with new coaches taking up positions at the club, including Senior Coach, William Fozard and Assistant Coach, Anthony Corrie. It was a highly successful year on the field, with the Seniors losing the Preliminary final, and the Reserves losing the Elimination final.
Further Promotion.
Following Kenmore's onfield success in the 2006 season, the Committee resolved to seek promotion to Division One of the AFLQ State Association. In January 2007, it was confirmed that Kenmore had been promoted to the higher level. The 2007 season was a year of rebuilding and adjusting to the increase in pace and skill of the higher division for the newly promoted Bears. The Senior side managed 7 wins for the season, beating 6 of their 9 competitors and ultimately finishing in 8th place. The Reserves side also managed a number of victories for the year and finished in 9th place.
Ground Concerns.
Mid-way through the 2007 season, Kenmore's home ground at Chelmer was condemned by AFLQ due to its hardness. Penetrometer testing on the ground indicated that it was two times harder than the acceptable limit allowed by AFLQ. As a result, Kenmore were forced to train at the Kenmore Junior Football Club and had their home matches changed to away matches.
Some remedial work was undertaken on the ground, which allowed Kenmore to return briefly to their home ground towards the end of the 2007 season. However, it was apparent that the ground's problems were far more significant than initially thought when deep holes began to appear in the pockets at each end. Kenmore, once again had to play their matches elsewhere.
After considerable media attention highlighting the ground's disrepair, the Brisbane City Council announced plans for a $700,000 rejuvenation of the once great oval. As a result, the Bears did not have access to the ground for the 2008 season, resulting in home matches being played on the grounds of the Western Magpies which are adjacent to Kenmore's.
The work was completed after the end of the 2008 season, and the Bears successfully returned to their home ground.
Application to the AFL for the 17th AFL Licence.
In December 2007, the Kenmore Bears became the first club in Australia to apply to the Australian Football League for the purported 17th AFL Licence on the Gold Coast. The detailed application can be viewed on the AFLQ website. The Bears' application attracted considerable attention in footballing circles as the concept of an amateur club participating on the nation's greatest footballing stage was debated. The Bears did not receive a response from the AFL, and were disappointed when the GC17 Consortium's bid for the licence was announced as being successful.

</doc>
<doc id="6973243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973243" title="An-14">
An-14



</doc>
<doc id="6973250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973250" title="How To Get Everything You Want In Ten Easy Steps">
How To Get Everything You Want In Ten Easy Steps



</doc>
<doc id="6973251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973251" title="Kham Thale So district">
Kham Thale So district

Kham Thale So (, ; , ) is a district ("amphoe") of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The government separated some parts of Non Thai and Sung Noen districts and created the minor district ("king amphoe") Kham Thale So in 1958, which was upgraded to a full district in 1965.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise) Non Thai, Mueang Nakhon Ratchasima, Sung Noen, and Dan Khun Thot.
Administration.
The district is divided into five sub-districts ("tambons"). Kham Thale So is also a township ("thesaban tambon") which covers parts of the "tambon" Kham Thale So.
Economy.
The district is the site of salt mines operated by the Saltworks Company, a major producer of salt for the chemical and food industries.

</doc>
<doc id="6973260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973260" title="SunFire">
SunFire



</doc>
<doc id="6973262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973262" title="Chukhloma">
Chukhloma

Chukhloma () is a town and the administrative center of Chukhlomsky District in Kostroma Oblast, Russia, located on Lake Chukhloma, from the railway node Galich and northeast of Kostroma, the administrative center of the oblast. Population: 
History.
It was first mentioned in chronicles in 1381, and was destroyed during the Time of Troubles. It was granted town status in 1778.
Etymology.
From a substrate Finno-Ugric language (cf. Proto-Uralic "*ćukkз" 'hill, peak', referring to the landscape around the town). Max Vasmer supported the theory of relationship between the name of Chukhloma and the ethnonyms like "Chud" or "Chukhna", but it's viewed as folk etymology by Aleksandr Matveyev.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Chukhloma serves as the administrative center of Chukhlomsky District. As an administrative division, it is incorporated within Chukhlomsky District as the town of district significance of Chukhloma. As a municipal division, the town of district significance of Chukhloma is incorporated within Chukhlomsky Municipal District as Chukhloma Urban Settlement.
Culture.
Near the town there is a historical family estate of the Lermontov family.

</doc>
<doc id="6973268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973268" title="Australian Encyclopaedia">
Australian Encyclopaedia

The Australian Encyclopaedia is an encyclopedia focused on Australia. In addition to biographies of notable Australians the coverage includes the geology, flora, fauna as well as the history of the continent. It was first published by Angus and Robertson in two volumes, one each in 1925 and 1926. The most recent edition, the sixth, is of eight volumes published in 1996.
Origin and First Publication.
The "Australian Encyclopedia" is a national representation of the defining aspects of Australia. This includes information related to the nation's history, the geography of Australia and information regarding the Aboriginal people. When the encyclopedia was first established (1925–1926), it consisted of 2 volumes and was originally published by Angus &amp; Robertson in New South Wales. The second edition, published in 1958, was then extended to 10 volumes. Four years later, the encyclopedia was under the responsibility of the Grolier Society of Australia. Following this change, the second edition of the encyclopedia had undergone many reprintings due to minor adjustments up until 1972. Subsequently, the third edition was then published in 1977 and consisted of 6 volumes; the fourth edition, featuring 12 volumes, was published in 1983; the fifth edition with 9 volumes was published in 1988 and the sixth edition consisted of 8 volumes and was published in 1996. The encyclopedia was sold to the Australian Geographic Society in 1987 prior to the publication of the fifth and sixth edition.
Arthur Jose.
Arthur Wilberforce Jose was born in Clifton, England. He was the son of William Wilberforce Jose who was a governor at a university located at the city of Jose's birth, Bristol. Jose's father was also the chairman of the technical education committee for the school board of Bristol. Following Jose's studies at Balliol College, Oxford, Jose's health had begun to worsen. A year later, in 1882, Jose was recovering in Australia. While in Australia, Jose's father was in dire straits financially and had eventually lost his fortune. Following the delivery of this news, Jose turned down a clerical career in Bristol and remained in Australia. Jose tackled many jobs during the beginning of his family's financial loss. This included cutting wood, making bricks, picking apples and tutoring. In 1885, Jose had commenced his career as an assistant master at Bathurst college in New South Wales, All Saints’ College. After multiple edits and writings of songs and articles, Jose had soon become an extension lecturer at a university and a writer for several verses in 1888. Prior to the allocation of his editor in chief role and the publication of the "Australian Encyclopedia", Jose spent many years as a reader for the Angus &amp; Robertson corporation. Despite Jose never practising law, in 1891 he was granted admission to the Bar.
Following the publication of his writing, The Growth of the Empire, in 1897, Jose went on to writing many more published articles, books and chapters, he acquired the role of professor in modern history and English in Aligarh at the Mohammedan Anglo-Oriental College and a lecturer in England. In 1904, Jose had arrived back in Sydney as a "Times" correspondent. The first edition of the "Australian Encyclopedia" was disrupted due to the war in 1914, therefore delaying its publication. Jose was employed by George Robertson for the encyclopedia full-time and was named editor-in-chief of the "Australian Encyclopedia" a year later when the first volume was titled "The Illustrated Australian Encyclopedia". Jose was collaborating with entomologist, Herbert James Carter, with the editing of "Australian Encyclopedia". Carter's responsibilities were centred around the scientific aspects of the encyclopedia leaving the remaining work to be edited by Jose. The second volume of the "Australian Encyclopedia" had not been edited yet when Jose left the publishing company, Angus &amp; Robertson, in 1925.
Angus &amp; Robertson.
One of the founders of Angus &amp; Robertson, David Mackenzie Angus (1855–1901), had originally ventured into Australian literature when he had opened his Sydney bookstore in 1884. Two years later, Angus partnered with George Robertson and another two years later, their establishment had commenced publishing. The incorporation of publishing had resulted in profitable success and a larger variety of literary products in several areas.
Angus &amp; Robertson had commenced their work on the Australian Encyclopaedia in 1912. The First World War had then interrupted the progression of the encyclopedia. As a result of the war, the operation behind the Australian Encyclopedia was put on hold. In 1925, the first volume of the encyclopedia had been published and a year later, the second volume was published. Today, Angus &amp; Robertson specialises in publishing, bookselling and printing and have made significant contributions to Australian literature.
Representation and Structure: From Edition I to Edition II.
Within all the editions of the Australian encyclopedia, the encyclopedia explicitly represents Australian life with the consideration of the significant number of investigations and research behind Australia and the people of Australia from past decades. Over 1800 biographical accounts of Australian public figures are covered within the encyclopedia, as well as the detailed analysis of Australia's geography, mineral assets and Australian animal and plant life. The first edition of the Australian Encyclopedia had commenced in 1912 and was published over a decade later. The second edition had significantly enlarged, volume wise, in order to adequately measure up to the developing subject matter. The editor in chief at the time, Alexander (Alec) Hugh Chisholm, provides an explanation for the expansion of the Australian Encyclopedia:
“"Science and industry have made remarkable progress since World War I and Australia has shared fully in this advancement. Industry throughout the Commonwealth was stimulated by the impact of World War II and the impetus has since been continued. Moreover, knowledge has broadened considerably in zoology, botany and kindred subjects- so much so, indeed, that most of the entries in the earlier encyclopedia on such subjects as mammals, birds, fishes, insects and plants, though authoritative in their period, have had to be written anew"”.
That is, the extension is justified by the progress and advancements made within industries and science since the first World War. Given that Australia shares and contributes towards this advancement, it is appropriate to formally acknowledge this within the Australian Encyclopedia. The first edition of the Australian Encyclopedia consisted of 2 volumes. The Australian Encyclopedia had then expanded in 1958 with the second edition featuring an additional 8 volumes. This 10 volume edition explores 6,200 subjects which are supported by over 2,000 illustrations and are all discussed with within 4,500,000 words. Within the encyclopedia, there are 2,200 biographies, 1,400 entries regarding geography and the flora and fauna aspect of the encyclopedia are covered by 1,600 articles. Despite the encyclopedia claiming to revolve around the nation of Australia as a continent, it also includes New Zealand and the Australian territories. The majority of the articles featured in the second edition of the Australian Encyclopedia are dedicated to history, geography and natural science. Furthermore, unlike the alphabetising of the general headings in the first edition of the Australian Encyclopedia, the second edition alphabetises its featured articles under specific headings.
Deputy Principal Librarian of the State Library of New South Wales, Gordan Dalyell Richardson, critically analyses the Australian Encyclopedia within his review by exploring the structure, interpretations, and content. Richardson (1959) discusses the main standards of work from a librarian's perspective, that being authenticity, usage, and up-to-datedness. Following Richardson's (1959) explanation of authenticity, the second edition of the Australian Encyclopedia was shown to exhibit multiple errors, thus threatening its quality and validity. Richardson (1959) discusses some examples such as the libraries articles. For example, the second edition claims that R.C Walker was succeeded as New South Wales’ Principal Librarian by Anderson following Walker's death. This appears to be incorrect as the position was succeeded by Anderson four years prior to Walker's death. The articles on libraries in the second edition of the Australian encyclopedia also implies that J.K Moir of Melbourne commenced transferring his work to “the Public Library of that city”. This is an error as the collection of Moir had begun to be transferred to the Public Library of Victoria. In addition to the errors within the second edition, there was information that was moderated despite the expansion of the volumes within the new edition of the Australian Encyclopedia. The first edition accounted for the "Wrecks and Shipping Disasters" in the form of a list. This list was reviewed and altered for the second edition. The second edition exhibited the list alphabetically based on the ship's titles. This list is located independently before the index in volume 10 and is less broad and more restricted than the first editions’ portrayal.
History.
The encyclopedia was initiated in 1912 as a historical and biographical record under the directorship of Charles H. Bertie, municipal librarian of Sydney. The outbreak of World War I in 1914 temporarily halted its progress.
In 1917, work resumed and it was decided that the book should also include scientific subjects. Herbert J. Carter, later to be president of the Linnean Society of New South Wales (1925–26) recruited other Australian scientists to work on the encyclopedia. Their contributions were, in many instances, the first summaries of scientific knowledge published in a general reference work in Australia. In 1920 Captain Arthur Jose was released from the Australian Navy and became the general editor. He found that, since significant time had elapsed since the project started and newer sources of information were available, it had become necessary to re-write much of the historical and biographical information.
Alexander Hugh Chisholm was editor-in-chief of the second edition, published in 1958. It received glowing reviews from newspapers around the nation.
The third edition was edited by Bruce Pratt.
Richard Appleton became editor-in-chief in 1977 and oversaw the fourth and fifth editions.
Editions.
The 3rd and 4th editions were published by the Grolier Society of Australia.
The 5th and 6th editions were published by Australian Geographic.
External links.
For a critical review of the first edition:

</doc>
<doc id="6973280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973280" title="Prokopievsk">
Prokopievsk



</doc>
<doc id="6973289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973289" title="Milky Way (confectionery)">
Milky Way (confectionery)



</doc>
<doc id="6973294" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973294" title="Tashtagol">
Tashtagol

Tashtagol (; ) is a town in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia, located on the Kondoma River south of Kemerovo, the administrative center of the oblast.
History.
It was founded in 1939 as a mining settlement and was granted town status in 1963.
Administrative and municipal status.
Within the framework of administrative divisions, Tashtagol serves as the administrative center of Tashtagolsky District, even though is not a part of it. As an administrative division, it is incorporated separately as Tashtagol Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction—an administrative unit with a status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, Tashtagol Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction is incorporated within Tashtagolsky Municipal District as Tashtagolskoye Urban Settlement.
Population.
Population: 

</doc>
<doc id="6973295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973295" title="Middle Class Party">
Middle Class Party

The Middenstandspartij (in Dutch: "Middenstandspartij", MP) was a Dutch political party representing middle class interests. It played only a marginal role in Dutch politics.
Party History.
The MP was founded by Abraham Staalman a businessman from Amsterdam. The 1918 elections were the first election in the Netherlands which used a system of proportional representation. With about 12,500 votes (1% of the votes) the MP won one seat, as did several other one or two person parties. After the elections the election law became more restrictive. Between 1918 and 1921, the MP cooperated in the neutral parliamentary party, with four other one or two seat parties, namely the Peasants' League, the Economic League, the Neutral Party and the Alliance to Democratise the Forces. The parliamentary party was led by former minister Willem Treub. In 1921 several of these parties, including the Middle Class Party merged into the Liberal State Party, together with two larger liberal parties.
The Middle Class Party continued as an independent part of this new party, with a separate list for the elections (some times combined with the Neutral Party). In 1929, this special position was abolished and Staalman left the Liberal State Party to found the Middle Party for City and Country, which won one seat in the 1929 elections. In 1971, the New Middle Party entered in the elections, which saw itself as a continuation of the Middle Class Party.
Ideology &amp; Issues.
The MP was a typical special interest party. Its main goal was to represent the interests of the middle class, those "stuck between the proletariat and capital". It advocated progressive taxation, reduced government interference and bureaucracy, recognition of employers' organizations and equal pension-rights for businessmen and workers.
Leadership &amp; Support.
This table show the MP's results in elections to the House of Representatives and Senate, as well as the party's political leadership. The fractievoorzitter, is the chair of the parliamentary party and the lijsttrekker is the party's top candidate in the general election; these posts are normally taken by the party's leader.
Electorate.
The party drew most of its support from Amsterdam, where Abraham Staal was a well-known figure. The party also had a seat in the city's municipal council.

</doc>
<doc id="6973298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973298" title="Middenstandspartij">
Middenstandspartij



</doc>
<doc id="6973304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973304" title="Léon Bouly">
Léon Bouly

Léon Guillaume Bouly (; 1872–1932) was a French inventor who created the word cinematograph.
Cinematograph.
After devising chronophotography devices, Bouly applied a patent on a reversible device of photography and optics for the analysis and synthesis of motions, calling it the "Cynématographe Léon Bouly" on February 12, 1892. On December 27, 1893, he shortened the name of his device to ".
This device is able to both shoot and project film. It uses a sensitive film without perforations and all principles required by cinematography are available: most notably, the film's jerky movement through the camera's gate is synchronized with the shutter. Two of these devices are conserved in the French Conservatoire National des Arts et Métiers.
In 1894, Bouly could not pay the fees for his patents and the name " became available again. He sold his rights to the device and its name to the Lumière Brothers, who applied it to their own device in 1895.

</doc>
<doc id="6973308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973308" title="Leon Bouly">
Leon Bouly



</doc>
<doc id="6973312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973312" title="Leon Guillaume Bouly">
Leon Guillaume Bouly



</doc>
<doc id="6973316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973316" title="Léon Guillaume Bouly">
Léon Guillaume Bouly



</doc>
<doc id="6973317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973317" title="Douglas Navigation">
Douglas Navigation

The Douglas Navigation was a canalised section of the River Douglas or Asland, in Lancashire, England, running from its confluence with the River Ribble to Wigan. It was authorised in 1720, and some work was carried out, but the undertakers lost most of the share money speculating on the South Sea Bubble. Alexander Leigh attempted to revive it eleven years later, and opened it progressively between 1738 and 1742. Leigh began work on a parallel canal called Leigh's Cut to improve the passage from Newburgh to Gathurst, but progress was slow and it was unfinished in 1771.
The working life of the navigation was short, as it was bought out by the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Company in 1772, to prevent a rival scheme to build a canal from Liverpool to Wigan. The canal company could not really afford the purchase price, but needed to secure the water supply to prevent the rival scheme from using it. The Leeds and Liverpool completed Leigh's Cut, built locks to enable sailing boats on the river to avoid having to pass under the aqueduct which carried the canal over the river at Newburgh, and improved the upper river into Wigan in time for a formal opening in October 1774. The final of river section into Wigan was replaced by a parallel canal, completed in 1780, and the lower river was superseded by the Rufford Branch, opened in 1781.
The navigation was not a financial success, but most of the investors had interests in coal mines, and improvements to the river enabled them to get their coal to wider markets. Leigh in particular continued to invest in the navigation until its takeover, presumably using profits from his coal interests. The navigation was abandoned by 1801, but because the canal company had not been able to buy all the original shares, the new cuts were known as the Upper and Lower Douglas Navigations, and were accounted for separately, until the final two shares were purchased in 1893. Thus on paper the Douglas Navigation lasted for 173 years, and a small part of it remains, as to build the Rufford Branch, the river was diverted into a new channel, and the old channel reused by the canal. Sollom Lock can still be seen on this section, although it no longer has any gates. Some of the tidal river are in use below Tarleton Lock, and this section has been increasingly used since 2002, when the Ribble Link opened, connecting the Lancaster Canal to the River Ribble.
History.
Cannel coal, which burns with a bright yellow flame, producing little ash, was being mined in the Wigan coalfield, and there was an increasing market for coal around the edges of the Irish Sea, but the industry was hampered by the lack of an efficient way to transport the coal to the coast. The roads were primitive, but the River Douglas ran from Wigan to the River Ribble below Tarleton, and in the early 18th century, there was growing interest in making it into a navigation.
In 1712, Thomas Steers, a civil engineer and surveyor who had arrived in Liverpool in 1710 to work on building the docks, surveyed the Douglas and recommended that it be made accessible to ships, enabling the transport of coal from the coalfields around Wigan down to the Ribble, and onwards to Preston. It is not clear who employed him, but it may have been Sir Roger Bradshaigh, who owned land on which coal could be mined around Wigan, and who presented a bill to the House of Commons on 10 April 1713. The bill was supported by petitions from Justices of the Peace and Gentlemen from the County palatine of Lancaster, who saw the potential for improved manufacturing and communications. Steers had proposed seven locks to negotiate the rise of from the mouth of the river at Hesketh Bank to Wild Mill in Wigan. Although the bill passed through the House of Commons successfully, some local landowners objected, and the bill was defeated in the House of Lords. A series of pamphlets were produced in an attempt to sway local opinion, and with the support of Wigan Corporation, another bill was presented. Again there was opposition, but the bill was passed, and the canalisation of the river from its junction with the River Ribble to Miry Lane End in Wigan was authorised by Parliament on 7 April 1720, with Steers and William Squire, Esq. of Liverpool as the two proprietors. They were given 11 years to complete the work, and could charge tolls on all goods carried, except for manure, which could not be charged. Commissioners were appointed, who could engage new proprietors if Steers and Squire failed to finish the task.
In order to fund the scheme, Steers and Squire, assisted by Squire's brother-in-law Richard Norris, divided the expected profits into four, allocated themselves one portion each, and split the remaining portion in 1,200 parts, which they hoped to sell for £5 each. This would in theory raise £6,000, but it is unclear how many shares were actually sold, though it was at least 942, which would have raised £4,170. Steers began work, replacing the ford at Rufford with a bridge and building the first lock using stone from quarries at Harrock Hill and Bartons Delf, both locations fairly close to Rufford. the channel downstream from there was made straighter and wider for about to where work began on the lowest lock at Croston Finney. A boat was constructed, that allowed Steers to trade on the river, and he stated that he had spent £700 on the work carried out, but that Squire had only given him £600.
1720 was the time of the South Sea Bubble, a boom in the stock exchange, and Squire had stayed in London after the Act was obtained to raise the finance, but is believed to have lost most of the money he raised by speculating on the South Sea Bubble. The bubble burst two months after the shares had been issued, and with no finance, work ground to a halt. Steers, Squire and Norris eventually ended up in court, charged with fraud. All denied any wrongdoing, with Steers describing how he had bought land, stone and timber, constructed the lock, and been carrying goods along a section of the river. The case rumbled on from 1729 to 1734, with Squire disappearing around 1730, but the Court of Chancery failed to reach a conclusion as to whether the men had deliberately set out to defraud shareholders of their money.
Completion.
Although the landowners had originally resisted the scheme, and the eleven years to complete it had passed, in 1731 Alexander Leigh of Hindley Hall, Wigan and Alexander Radcliffe of Ormskirk negotiated with the commissioners that they should become the new undertakers for the scheme. Agreement was reached on 12 June 1731, and they were granted a further eleven years to complete the project. They asked William Palmer, who was working on improvements to the River Ouse Navigation for the Corporation of York, to make a new survey, which he duly did. His report was delivered in March 1733, and indicated that the work would cost £6,685, and would require 12 locks. The total rise was , each lock would be , and the depth of the navigation would be . He identified a problem with the original plans, as the tide lock would not accessible except for a couple of days either side of spring tides. He therefore proposed creating a new cut from Rufford to Crossens, near Southport, crossing Martin Mere. This additional work would cost £2,530, but would have the advantage that the tidal range at Crossens would enable boats to reach the navigation more easily, the route would be shorter, and it would offer better flood protection the land above Rufford, as there would be two channels for flood water to reach the sea. No further action was taken until 1737, when Radcliffe died. Leigh became the major shareholder for the scheme, and was joined by Robert Holt of Wigan.
The two men set to work, and opened four locks in 1738, and another three in 1739. In 1738, the commissioners made a contract with a colliery owner to deliver 800,000 baskets of coal. Holt and Leigh consulted Steers occasionally, paying him for advice on the basin in Wigan and Crooke Lock. The main contractor was Richard Fell, who was paid for all sorts of work, while other contractors were engaged for specific tasks. Holt died in 1740 and did not live to see the project completed, but an inspection was made by the commissioners on 12 June 1742, eleven years to the day since Leigh took over, The navigation was declared to be complete. An estimated £7,000 had been spent on this second phase of work, and another £1,000 on a fleet of boats.
Canalisation of the river involved the construction of a number of locks, with a basin at Miry Lane End, in Wigan, which was connected to the river by a short artificial channel. Hadfield states that there were eight locks, all of which were upstream of Newburgh. Clarke, however, lists thirteen, eight of which were above Newburgh, with five more below it. To improve access to the navigation, a new lock was constructed further downstream at Tarleton, but there were complaints that it caused flooding, and it had been abandoned by 1770. As the navigation had fixed bridges, sailing boats needed to be able to lower their masts, and this prevented sea-going boats, called flats, from using the navigation, as they required the extra rigidity of a fixed mast. In the early 1760s, a new cut was built between Sollom and Rufford, and fixed bridges began to be replaced by swing bridges. A new lock at Sollom was a little further downstream than that at Crostons Finney, resulting in access to the navigation being possible on more days each month. Man power was used to tow the boats, but in 1800 land for a towpath between Sollom and Rufford was bought. Plans to make the whole length navigable by fixed-mast boats were dropped when the Leeds and Liverpool Canal became interested in the navigation.
Improvements to the river below Gathurst Bridge had begun in 1753, when Leigh started working on a cut to bypass the river from Gathurst to Newburgh, known as "Leigh's Cut". For whatever reason, progress was slow, and the cut was still unfinished in 1771. The main traffic was coal from Wigan, with north Lancashire limestone and Westmorland slate travelling in the opposite direction.
Takeover.
The Leeds and Liverpool Canal had been authorised by an Act of Parliament on 19 May 1770, with the main opposition coming from the Douglas Navigation. However, they were chiefly concerned with protecting their water supply, and ensuring that the aqueduct to carry the canal over the navigation at Newburgh, near Parbold, would not impede the progress of fixed-masted boats. Leigh's son, Holt Leigh, had been talking to the canal committee since October 1769, to work out a solution. A branch canal would link the canal to the river upstream of the aqueduct, and locks would link them downstream. This would sailing boats to lock up into the canal and cross over the aqueduct rather than pass beneath it. The Leeds and Liverpool would pay £500 in compensation once the work was complete. The Canal Company built the canal in sections, and the first recorded use of boats was on 25 July 1771, on the section from Newburgh to Liverpool. Water supply was a problem, as the act of Parliament prohibited extraction from the River Douglas. At the time, Alexander Leigh held 29 of the 36 shares in the navigation, and offered to sell them for £14,500 to the Leeds and Liverpool in November 1771. Although they could not really afford the price, they bought them anyway, as they were fighting a new scheme for a Liverpool Canal, which would have connected directly to Wigan. The Liverpool Canal bill was presented to Parliament in January 1772, but was defeated.
Alexander Leigh's 29 shares were initially bought by two committee members, Jonathan Blundell and William Earle, both from Liverpool, and held in trust on behalf of the proprietors. Holt Leigh succeeded in buying most of the remaining shares, apart from two owned by his uncle Edward Holt, in the following year, and eventually sold them to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal in 1785. Having bought Leigh's shares, the Leeds and Liverpool lost no time in ensuring that they could adequately service the Wigan coal trade. By August 1772, work had started on completing Leigh's Cut and on constructing a junction between it and their canal. This was completed in February 1774, and boats could reach Wigan from Liverpool by travelling along the new canal, then along Leigh's Cut, and finally joining the river at Dean Lock for the final into Wigan. Various repairs to the navigation were made in time for a formal opening in October 1774.
Alexander Leigh died shortly afterwards, and the Leeds and Liverpool rented the remaining shares in the navigation from Holt Leigh, who was administering his estate. There were calls to bypass the river sections of the old navigation entirely, and work started on a new cut, including two locks, from Gathurst to Wigan. Progress was slow, and it was not finished until 1780. The entire section from Newburgh to Wigan was known as the Upper Douglas Navigation. Meanwhile, work on a new canal to bypass the lower sections of the river began in 1777, and the Rufford Branch, which dropped through seven conventional locks and a tide lock to join the river near its mouth at Sollom, was completed in October 1781. This was known as the Lower Douglas Navigation.
All that remained to be done was to tidy up the legal details. The Leeds and Liverpool obtained another act of Parliament on 24 June 1783, which allowed them to purchase most of the remaining shares, but did not authorise the original purchase retrospectively. Once the canal was opened, all trade was transferred to it, and the river navigation was effectively abandoned. The lock gates on the river sections had been removed by 1782, and it was completely unused by 1801, although the wharf at Gathurst remained accessible by a side lock at Dean, and the side lock was still shown with gates on the 1928 Ordnance Survey map. In 1805, Sollom lock on the Rufford branch was abandoned, and a new tide lock was built further downstream at Tarleton. In order to build the extension, the river was diverted into a new channel further to the east between Rufford and Tarleton Bridge, and the old channel was re-used by the canal. From that time, only the lower portion of the river, from Tarleton to the confluence with the Ribble remained in use.
Because Edward Holt had retained his two shares, the Leeds and Liverpool Canal accounted for the Upper and Lower Douglas Navigation sections separately to the main canal, so that profits could be apportioned appropriately. This situation continued until 1893, when they were finally able to buy the remaining two shares from Holt's descendants. Thus, although trade on the river had only lasted for a little over forty years, the company lasted on paper for 173 years.
Trade.
Both the original bill presented to Parliament in 1713 nnd the second attempt in 1720 were supported by noting the coal pits, and the delphs, a local word for a mine or quarry, of stone and slate, the transport of which would be much easier if the river was navigable. One of the provisions of the initial Act was that there was to be a maximum tonnage rate of two shillings and six pence (12.5p), regardless of the distance covered. Around 1738 or 1739, Leigh and Holt bought some land from Lord Derby at Freckleton on The Fylde, on the north bank of the Ribble opposite the mouth of the Douglas. The first traffic carried by the navigation was coal from Lord Derby's mine at Bispham to Freckleton. Sir Roger Bradshaigh worked in Parliament in 1739 to defeat a bill by Sir James Lowther to reduce the duty on coal carried around the coast. Lowther owned large collieries at Whitehaven, and if the bill had succeeded, he would have monopolised the coal trade to Ireland. Whitehaven coal was carried to Dublin, but the boats returned empty, whereas boats carrying coal from the Douglas to Lancaster and Kendal returned laded with limestone and iron, enabling the more expensive Douglas coal to compete with the cheaper Whitehaven coal. There were a number of wharfs along the navigation, but the two most important ones were at the terminal basin in Wigan, where coal from Bradshaigh's mine was loaded, and at Gathurst, serving coal mines at Orrell.
It appears that boats used on the navigation were between long, were less than wide, and had a draught of a little under . Few records of what was carried exist, but a boat named "Expedition" carried coal, cannel, cinders (coke) turn and paving stones downriver, and returned with timber, hides, kelp, soap ashes, barley, beans, and most importantly limestone, which was the major return cargo. These records are for the years 1752 to 1755, while records dating from 1764 to 1768 for another boat called "Success" indicate that downriver traffic was mainly coal, with some cinders, paving stones and slates, while upriver traffic was exclusively limestone. Holt Leigh's diaries indicate that tolls for 1772 were £414, which would suggest that over 10,000 tons of goods were carried that year. Total costs for construction of the navigation were some £12,385, which had risen to £32,226 by 1768, by the time interest and maintenance charges were included. Thus the navigation was not profitable as a business, but most of the investors had coal to sell, and the river enabled them to do that. Leigh continued to invest in the navigation throughout his ownership, and this was probably as a result of his trading activities in coal.
Once the new cuts were completed as part of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal takeover, coal traffic increased steadily, although the river was still used for a while, as mineowners did not immediately build new wharfs on the new canal. The tonnage rates on the canal were reduced, and the changeover speeded up by raising tonnage rates on the river. The separate accounts for the Douglas Navigation kept by the canal company show that revenue rose from £162 in 1772 to £1,790 in 1778, and that this revenue was just under one quarter of the total revenue raised by the canal company.
Today.
With the decline in commercial trade on the canal system, even the final river section became little used, with most pleasure craft venturing only as far as Tarleton Lock, and it was not until 2002, with the opening of the Ribble Link that this section of the navigation began to see any appreciable traffic. Below Tarleton Lock, boats must navigate of the tidal River Douglas to reach the River Ribble. Asland Lamp is located in the Ribble, and boats heading upstream to the Ribble Link must keep it on the starboard side, to avoid an area of shallow water, which can be treacherous when the tides are running fast.
Despite having been abandoned for 200 years, traces of the navigation can still be seen between Parbold and Gathurst, which include the remains of several locks. The river has been altered to improve drainage, and this has resulted in the destruction of most signs of the navigation, particularly below Rufford, although the section between Rufford Lock and Sollom is preserved, having been reused when the river was diverted to the east as part of the construction of the Rufford Branch. Sollom Lock has no gates, but its walls are still intact.

</doc>
<doc id="6973320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973320" title="Benoni Irwin">
Benoni Irwin

Benoni Irwin (June 29, 1840 – August 26, 1896) was an American portraitist.
A pupil of the National Academy of Design in New York City, USA, he trained in Paris with the famous French portraitist Emile Auguste Carolus-Duran (1838–1917). His work was shown in the Exposition Universelle at Paris in 1889, and the Chicago World's Fair in 1893. Irwin had studios in San Francisco, Boston, New Bedford, Massachusetts, and New York.
Early life.
Benoni Burdeau Irwin was born on June 29, 1840, in Newmarket, Upper Canada to Jared Irwin (1803–1873) and Lydia Kennedy (1807–1871) and moved to upstate New York as a young man. His family were Quakers, originally from the Scottish Borders. The Canadian Irwins were Late Loyalists, i.e. those loyal to the British Crown who emigrated to Canada after the American Revolution had ended. Members of the Irwin family fought against the US during the War of 1812. Despite their participation in the Rebellion of 1837, Benoni Irwin was patronized by a Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada, thus launching his career.
Career.
He was a pupil of the National Academy of Design in New York City from 1861 to 1863. He spent considerable time in San Francisco, from c. 1871–1877. From 1877–1878, Irwin trained in Paris with the famous French portraitist Emile Auguste Carolus-Duran (1838 – 1917), and exhibited at the Salon de Paris in 1879. He returned to the United States in 1879, where he spent time in Boston and New Bedford, Massachusetts; Louisville, Kentucky, New York City, and Yonkers, throughout the 1880s and 1890s. In 1889 Irwin was elected into the National Academy of Design as an Associate Academician. In 1889, as a stipulation for installment as an Associate National Academician, Irwin painted the self-portrait depicted in this article.
Personal life.
In 1873, while in California, Irwin married Adelaide (Adela) Vellejo Curtis (May 29, 1853–1932). She was the daughter of Lucian Curtis, a copper plate engraver and farmer, born in Coventry, Connecticut and Celia Carlton Perkins, born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Curtis family had come to San Francisco during the California Gold Rush in 1849 and, at one time, lived in the famous Rancho Petaluma Adobe, owned by General Mariano Vallejo, a family friend.
Irwin and his wife, Adela, had two children, Edith C. (1874–1925) and Constance (b. 1885).
Death.
By the 1880s, Irwin and his wife and daughters were living in Yonkers, New York. They had a second home on the shore of Coventry Lake, Connecticut, which the family would visit during the summer. The Irwins were frequent guests of Adela's aunt, Charlotte Curtis Dean, a lifelong Coventry resident. It was here in 1896 that Irwin, while taking photographs of the sunset from a round bottom boat, lost his balance and fell into the lake. Postmortem revealed that Irwin had drowned after being knocked unconscious by hitting his head on the edge of the boat as he fell.
Benoni Irwin is buried with his wife, Adela, and daughter, Edith, in Nathan Hale Cemetery, Coventry, CT.

</doc>
<doc id="6973325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973325" title="Love Junkies">
Love Junkies

 is a Japanese erotic comedy manga series written and illustrated by Kyo Hatsuki. It was serialized in Akita Shoten's "seinen" manga magazine, "Young Champion". The manga is licensed in France by Taifu Comics, in Spain by Norma Editorial and in Brazil by Editora JBC. All publishers other than Akita Shoten release the manga as "Love Junkies".
Plot.
Sakibara Eitaro is a 22-year-old average-level employee who has been a virgin until the beginning of the series, and is desperately trying to find a sexual partner, which eventually happens with an attractive girl named Maiko.
After Maiko, Eitaro's relationship with girls suddenly changes as he becomes more confident in himself and with sex, and he goes on to meet many girls.

</doc>
<doc id="6973326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973326" title="Charles-Joseph Natoire">
Charles-Joseph Natoire

Charles-Joseph Natoire (3 March 1700 – 23 August 1777) was a French painter in the Rococo manner, a pupil of François Lemoyne and director of the French Academy in Rome, 1751–1775. Considered during his lifetime the equal of François Boucher, he played a prominent role in the artistic life of France.
He is remembered above all for the series of the "History of Psyche" for Germain Boffrand's oval "salon de la Princesse" in the Hôtel de Soubise, Paris, and for the tapestry cartoons for the series of the "History of Don Quixote", woven at the Beauvais tapestry manufacture, most of which are present at the Château de Compiègne.
First Roman stay (1723–1729).
He was born in Nîmes. His sister, Jeanne, was a pastellist.
Natoire's father Florent Natoire, a sculptor, gave him his fundamental training in drawing, then sent him to Paris in 1717 to complete his training, first in the atelier of Louis Galloche (1670–1761), "peintre du Roi" and professor at the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture, and then in the atelier of François Lemoyne, whose training shaped Natoire's style. Later, as a history painter, Natoire would instruct students at the Royal Academy. 
In 1721 he was awarded the Prix de Rome from the French Académie Royale with a "Sacrifice of Manoah to obtain a son". On 30 June 1723 he was appointed a "pensionnaire" at the French Academy in Rome, at the time lodged in the Palazzo Mancini, where he arrived in October. During his stay he executed a copy of Pietro da Cortona's "Rape of the Sabine Women". In December 1725 he won a first prize from the Accademia di San Luca with a "Moses Returning from Sinai". In 1728 he painted for the French ambassador, the prince de Polignac, an "Expulsion of the Money-Changers from the Temple".
In Paris (1730–1751).
Natoire returned to Paris via Venice in the early part of 1729. He was received into the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture on 30 September 1730.
His reputation was quickly established, and he received major commissions notably from French Queen Marie Leszczyńska to paint several of her children. From 1731 to 1740 he provided several suites of canvasses for Philibert Orry, "contrôleur général des finances", who was to succeed the duc d'Antin as general director of the Bâtiments du Roi in 1736. For Orry's Château de La Chapelle-Godefroy at Saint-Aubin, Aube Natoire provided a series of nine canvasses of "Histories of the Gods", six more of the "History of Clovis", six of a "History of Telemachus" and four Seasons. During the same period, in 1732 he provided three overdoors on Old Testament subjects for the duc d'Antin in Paris.
In June 1734, Natoire submitted to an Exposition de la Jeunesse in place Dauphine a "Galatea". In the same year his first royal commission arrived, for the Chambre de la Reine at Versailles and was made a full member of the Académie on 31 December with a "Venus Commanding from Vulcan the Arms of Aeneas". Henceforth, numerous royal commissions came his way for the petits appartements at the Château de Fontainebleau, for the Cabinet du Roi and the royal dining-room at Versailles, decorations for Marly, for the Cabinet des Médailles in the royal library in Paris, and others.
In 1735, Natoire carried out the first of his tapestry cartoons for the series "Histoire de Don Quichotte" woven at the Manufacture de Beauvais, the first set for the "fermier général" Pierre Grimod du Fort (1692–1748). In 1737 he received the commission for the Hôtel de Soubise. From 1741, he produced a series of cartoons for the "History of Mark Anthony" woven at the Gobelins.
In 1747, he painted the portrait of Louis, Dauphin of France. In a more familiar vein, he provided a "Saint Stephen and the False Witnesses" for the chapelle Saint-Symphorien in the Church of Saint-Germain-des-Prés, 1745. A major loss was his illusionistic decor for the chapel in the Hôpital des Enfants-Trouvés (1746–1750), built by Germain Boffrand but demolished in the 19th century. Also in 1747 he participated in the competition organized by the new general director of the Bâtiments du Roi, Le Normant de Tournehem, with the "Triumph of Bacchus", now in the Musée du Louvre. 
Second Roman stay (1751–1777).
In 1751, Natoire was appointed director of the French Academy in Rome, a prestigious position, but one that was to set a seal on his active career. Far from court, Natoire witnessed his rivals Carle Van Loo, then François Boucher named "premier peintre du Roi" in turn. He all but ceased painting, turning his energies instead to the Academy, pressing the "pensionnaires" to produce the "envoies" that were forwarded to Paris as proof of their progress and sending them out to draw in the countryside of the Roman campagna. Among his students were Hubert Robert and Jean-Honore Fragonard.
He was ennobled in April 1753 and received the Order of Saint-Michel, an honour he had impatiently awaited, but he found himself out of sympathy with the new neoclassical style that was being developed by the Academy's pensionnaires. His own fresco of the "Apotheosis of Saint Louis" for the French national Church of San Luigi dei Francesi, 1754–1756, came in for criticism.
Natoire's late work, in the two decades that remained to him was largely confined to numerous drawings of the Campagna for his own pleasure, and few canvasses. He became more religious.
In 1767, the architect Adrien Mouton, who had been expelled from the Academy, brought a suit that he won in 1770: Natoire was fined 20,000 livres and court costs with interest, accused of administrative errors. The new general director of the Bâtiments, the comte d'Angiviller retired Natoire from office in June 1775.
He withdrew to Castel Gandolfo, where he died. He was 77 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="6973328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973328" title="Girl from Hell">
Girl from Hell



</doc>
<doc id="6973330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973330" title="Milton Prell">
Milton Prell

Milton Prell (September 6, 1905 – June 2, 1974) was a hotel owner and developer most notable for his projects in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Early life.
Prell was born to a Jewish family in Saint Louis, Missouri; as a young man he moved to Los Angeles, California. He was good friends with Colonel Tom Parker, best known as the manager of Elvis Presley. Elvis married Priscilla in Prell's apartment at Las Vegas' Aladdin hotel-casino in a private wedding shielded from the media. Prell was married to Devorah Zion on July 9, 1945; they had one child, Sheila Prell (Sonenshine).
Career.
Prell started in the gambling business with a "bingo palace" in California. Prell ordered that the prizes were to be given honestly to the players and word got out that the place was to be trusted. The bingo palace thrived.
Prell was an automobile salesman and later a successful jewelry salesman in Los Angeles. In 1937, he moved to Butte, Montana, where he opened the 30 Club. 
Prell and his family eventually relocated to Las Vegas in 1945, with plans to open a small hotel there. Prell's first project in Las Vegas was Club Bingo, opened on the Las Vegas Strip in 1947. Prell later opened the $5.5 million Sahara hotel-casino on the property in 1952. Called "The Jewel in the Desert" by Prell, the Sahara had a Moroccan theme with statues of camels standing in front of the hotel. Prell sold the Sahara to Del Webb in 1961.
In 1965, Prell bought the Aladdin hotel-casino from the Indiana-based Cook Brothers Trusts for $10.25 million on the Las Vegas Strip. The place had been failing and Prell remodeled it and added an Arabian Nights theme; it opened in 1966. Prell had added restaurants, a lounge, a 500-seat showroom and a golf course.
At the same time, Prell's brother-in-law sold his mattress business so Prell could purchase The Mint Hotel and Casino on Fremont Street. Prell promised his brother-in-law a job and made him the manager.
Illness and death.
Some time later, Prell suffered a stroke. Prell needed to use a wheelchair much of the time, but continued to walk with two canes through the casino to his office each morning. The Aladdin's profits were dropping and eventually he could not keep up and the Aladdin was sold. He died in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="6973331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973331" title="Charles Joseph Natoire">
Charles Joseph Natoire



</doc>
<doc id="6973335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973335" title="Strachur and District Shinty Club">
Strachur and District Shinty Club

Strachur and District Shinty Club is a Shinty team from Strachur, Argyll, Scotland. The club re-entered league shinty in 2017 after a year at abeyance at senior level as of March 2016. The side was put back into abeyance in 2018 before returning in 2022 with a combined team of players based in Strachur, Dunoon and Glasgow under the banner of Strachur-Dunoon. .
History.
The club was founded by 1880 and there are traditions of annual games on New Year's Day, with sixty players from Succoth Glen alone. Two of the earliest matches in which Strachur took part were played against Glasgow Cowal. The first took place at Dennistoun Park, Glasgow, in April, 1880 and it resulted in a draw, four hails each.
In May, 1881, the teams met again on Glasgow Green and play was stubbornly contested. The result was again a draw, three hails each.
The club has won a sprinkling of honours throughout its history, the most recent of these in senior shinty being in 1985, when Strachur won the Glasgow Celtic Society Cup for the second time in four years. The club also reached the Camanachd Cup final in 1983, losing to local rivals, Kyles Athletic 3–2, despite leading 2–1 in the closing stages. This was the first Camanachd Cup final between two teams from the South District. On the next occasion it happened in 2012 Kyles beat Inveraray 6–5 with both teams featuring Strachur men and ex Strachur players, Duncan Kerr in the colours of Kyles and Stuart Robertson for Inveraray.
It won the 2006 Marine Harvest South Division Two in comprehensive fashion, recording comprehensive victories against Aberdour Shinty Club, 12–2 and Glasgow Mid Argyll, 19–0, on the way to victory. The club held its own in South Division One in 2007 but were demoted in 2008 after finishing bottom. Strachur returned to South Division One in 2012 after winning South Two and held their place by finishing 6th in the 8 team league.
In Hugh Dan MacLennan's book "Shinty", Strachur had the bold claim that "It has never folded or merged with another club." Unfortunately for the club, these words no longer hold true at senior level at least with Strachur &amp; District pulling their first team from all competition on the eve of the 2016 shinty season.. However the club returned in the 2017 season, starting out again in South Division Two. In 2018 the club won South Division Two but folded before the 2019 season.
Fitzroy Maclean had a longstanding relationship with the club as he was a resident of the local area and the club played in the grounds of Strachur House. The club now plays at a community pitch on the shores of Loch Fyne at Strachurmore. The new pitch hosted the 2012 Celtic Society Cup Final.
Strachur Shinty Club made a return to shinty in 2022, fielding a combined side with neighbours Dunoon Camanachd under the guise of Strachur-Dunoon. Playing kits are rotated and home matches are split between Strachurmore and Dunoon Stadium. 

</doc>
<doc id="6973341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973341" title="Middle Party">
Middle Party



</doc>
<doc id="6973360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973360" title="Samiyarpet">
Samiyarpet



</doc>
<doc id="6973364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973364" title="Samiarpettai">
Samiarpettai



</doc>
<doc id="6973365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973365" title="The Sorrow of Belgium">
The Sorrow of Belgium

The Sorrow of Belgium () is a 1983 novel by the Belgian author Hugo Claus (1929–2008). The book, widely considered Claus's most important work and "the most important Dutch-language novel of the twentieth century", is a "Bildungsroman" which explores themes around politics and growing up in Flanders around World War II. It has been described as "one of the great novels of postwar Europe".
"The Sorrow of Belgium" explores the childhood and youth of Louis Seynaeve, a Flemish schoolboy living in the region of Kortrijk during World War II when Belgium was under German occupation. The novel itself is a "Bildungsroman" and "Künstlerroman", formed from two sections:
The work was first published in an English translation by Arnold J. Pomerans in 1994. It was also made into a mini-series the same year.
Background.
Hugo Claus was born in Bruges, West Flanders in 1929. He grew up in a Catholic milieu and was educated at a boarding school. He was eleven at the time of the German invasion of Belgium. Under the German occupation, many of Claus' teachers and his own father were sympathetic to collaborationism and fascism. Claus himself was briefly a member of a Flemish nationalist youth organisation.
Synopsis.
Belgium, 1939. Louis Seynaeve, who becomes eleven in April, goes to a boarding school led by nuns in Haarbeke, a fictitious town close to Kortrijk. Louis has a lot of fantasies. He and his friends call themselves the Four Apostles and they possess seven forbidden books. His father comes to tell him that his mother fell down the stairs, which actually means that she is pregnant. Several months later the baby is stillborn.
His family members are Flemish nationalists. Louis' father buys a printing press in Germany and a Hitler Youth doll. During the German occupation of Belgium in the Second World War his family sympathises with the Germans. Louis attends meetings of the Hitler Youth in Mecklenburg.
Louis discovers more "forbidden books" and becomes interested in entartete Kunst. Gradually he becomes aware of the narrow-mindedness of his family and his education. He ends up becoming a writer. He is the author of "The Sorrow", the first part of the novel.
Reception.
Wim Hazeu in "Hervormd Nederland": "After Claus probably no one in our Sprachraum will be able to write such a big and in many views great book about Belgium in wartime. He's the only one who could handle such a subject and he did it."
Suzanne Ruta in "The New York Times Book Review": "Mr. Claus' wonderful novel is a chronicle of war in a small corner of one small country and a painstaking portrait of the artist as an obnoxious young man.
Reviewing the work in the "London Review of Books" in 1990, Patrick Parrinder stated that "The Sorrow" "presents a world in which collaboration with the Nazis is made to seem as inevitable as breathing." He noted that "while Claus’s novel is a major exercise in the recovery of buried historical experience, it is weirder and more idiosyncratic than this summary suggests. It is a chronicle not only of the years of social deprivation and darkness but of the 'slimy, inner civil war' in the protagonist’s consciousness."

</doc>
<doc id="6973372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973372" title="Common smooth-hound">
Common smooth-hound

The common smooth-hound (Mustelus mustelus) is a houndshark of the family Triakidae. It is found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean from the British Isles to South Africa, and in the Mediterranean Sea, Madeira, and the Canary Islands at depths ranging from 5 to 625 m (although they usually stay at depths of 5–50m). While they can grow to 200 cm, their usual maximum size is 150 cm. They commonly grow to 100–120 cm with a birth length around 35 cm.
The reproduction of commons smooth-hounds is viviparous.
Morphology and behavior.
The common smooth-hound has a grey-brown back and is white on its underneath. It is often confused with the starry smooth-hound, which has white spots on its back. The starry smooth-hound can often have faded spots that leads to misidentification. Another shark with which it is often confused is the tope shark, although the common smooth-hound has a larger second dorsal fin. 
The common smooth-hound has two dorsal fins, an anal fin, a pair of pectoral fins, a pair of pelvic fins, and a heterocercal tail. All of these fins help stabilise the shark, but in males, the pelvic fins are modified to form claspers.
Like other smooth-hound sharks, the common smooth-hound aggregates in large numbers, like a pack of dogs, so they are called hounds.

</doc>
<doc id="6973375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973375" title="Forensic odontology">
Forensic odontology



</doc>
<doc id="6973379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973379" title="Sadhupul">
Sadhupul

Sadhupul is a small village in (dhalta) Himachal Pradesh between Solan and Chail, located at the site of a small bridge constructed over the hill river "Ashwini". On 23 August 2014 this bridge collapsed, when an overloaded truck tried to cross it.
A New bridge has been constructed and dedicated to people in January 2018.
Water Park Cafe.
A water park was inaugurated on 30 June 2017 by CM.

</doc>
<doc id="6973381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973381" title="Samiarpet">
Samiarpet



</doc>
<doc id="6973382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973382" title="Lund Khwar">
Lund Khwar

Lund Khwar, also Lundkhwar () | Urdu: لوندخوڑ) and pronounced "/Lu:/+/nd/, /Kh/+/va'/+/r:/" is a historical village and union council of Takht Bhai Tehsil in Mardan District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is located at 34°23'22 N 71°58'51 E, with an altitude of 371 metres (1220 feet). The name "Lund Khwar" literally means "the ever-flowing stream or brook". Origins of the founding of Lund Khwar are shrouded in mystery. Archaeological and historical evidences indicate the nook point towards the Gandharan era. Earliest written accounts of the village trace it back to 8th century, with the arrival of the Dilazak tribesmen and in 15th century, by the Khattak tribesmen of the Afghans. Currently, it is a major town near the entrance to the Malakand mountains. Alternatively, there is also a Lund Khwar in the Paktika Province of Afghanistan.
History.
Ancient history.
Lund Khwar has historically been an important town due to its geography. During the Gandharan era (2nd century BCE), it had been a visiting sanctuary for Buddhist Monks from their nearby strongholds at Takht Bhai. Many archaeological sites have thus been discovered. Even before the Buddhist times, it was a major cattle and herd breeding area. Archeological and Historical clues point towards these conclusions. The armies of Alexander the Great reached the Indus Valley by two separate routes, one through the Khyber Pass and the other led by Alexander himself through Kunar, Bajaur, Swat, and Buner in 326 BCE. After Alexander's death, the valley came under the rule of Chandragupta, who ruled the valley from 297 to 321 BCE. During the reign of the Buddhist emperor Ashoka (the grandson of Chandragupta), Buddhism became the religion of the Peshawar Valley. The valley saw the revival of Brahmanism after the Greeks took over in the time of King Mehanda. The Scythians and Indians followed and retained control of the valley till the 7th century CE.
Arrival of the Afghans.
By the 8th century, the Afghan Dilazaks had appeared in the valley. At that time, the Peshawar valley was under control of the rulers at Lahore. The Afghans joined the Gakkhars who held the country between the Indus and the Jhelum rivers and compelled the Lahore rulers to cede to them; the hill country west of the Indus and south of the Kabul River. The Yousafzai conquered much of what was called Samah, in the olden days, from the Dilazak. After Yousafzai Afghans, the next major tribe was the Khattaks, who settled here in the 15th century. In the time of their great chieftain, Malik Ako, who moved the capital of the Khattak Tribe from Teri (a village in Karak District) to Sarai Akora, the town which Akoray founded and built.
Ghaznavid era.
In the 10th century, the area came under the control of Sultan Sabuktigin who defeated Raja Jaipal, the Hindu ruler of Lahore. Sabuktgin's son Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni made this area the rallying point for his numerous raids into the interior of India. In the 12th century, the Persians of Ghor (Ghurids) overthrew the Ghaznavis and the era of Ghaznavis came to an end.
Mughal era.
In 1505 the Mughal emperor Babar invaded the area through Khyber Pass.
Valley of the Latter Day Saints (Ulema).
Lund Khwar has always been rich in its Islamic tradition and heritage of knowledge. Not only have many Lund Khwarians been great Ulema, graduating in great numbers from great institutions like Deoband and Saint Abdul Ali, but Lund Khwar has also served as a home for many famous saints, Ghazi and Ulema. Such famous names include Saint Syed Abdul Wahab Akhun Panju Baba, Syed Ismail Shaheed Barelvi, Shah Ismail Shaheed and Haji Sahib of Rashakai, great-great-grandson of Sadar Khan. The people of the village contributed to the liberation of India in the 19th century by joining Syed Ahmad Shaheed Barelvi.
Role in the Pakistan Freedom Movement.
The Khans of the town grew famous because of their early involvement in politics (Khan Ghulam Muhammad Khan Lundkhwar ) had a great name in the politics of the sub-continent. This was brought about when the Khans grew rich from trade with the far reaches of India as far as Calcutta. In the late 19th century, political thought had grown to a point where it became necessary for the English Imperialists to permanently station their troops here. This was justified on the basis that religious leaders and freedom fighters from the village joined forces against the English. With such a background, the English became main streams and a smaller brook from three directions which flow throughout the year, thus lending Lund Khwar its name as well as a safety against possible invaders, a strategic point and basis for its foundation. The town is connected with Sher Garh through a main road which reaches the town through a bridge on the stream.
In his book "The Pathan Unarmed: opposition &amp; memory in the North West Frontier", Mukulika Banerjee writes:
"A Chief Secretary's report from 193 stated that:
In and around Lund Khwar... increase in the active participation of women. On 30 April...15 women volunteers paraded...in Lund Khwar it was announced that meetings would be held...about two or three thousand at meetings...Speech prepared by Abdul Ghaffar Khan read out by a boy and resolutions passed that, if permanent peace was not concluded, the women should join the men in future struggle, that khaddar [khadi cloth] only should be worn by the women and that the full rights of women under the shari'a should be conceded to them by men."
Note on the reference: The name of the boy who read out the speech was Qasim Khan, the son of a woman Grana who because of the purdah could not participate in the presence of adult male speakers.
"Though not publicly acknowledged, British official correspondence confirms that women picketers were active in Bannu and Lund Khwar. In mobilizing the Pathan women, Khurshedben Naoroji appears to have played an important role as she lived there for some time and worked among the frontier ladies exhorting them to start Swadeshi activities."
Current times.
Lund Khwar is now a union council of the Takht Bhai tehsil of District Mardan. It falls in Constituency PK-55 (Mardan-V) for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan in the NA-22 seat of the National Assembly's Electoral Process.
Localities and parts.
Lund Khwar consists of the main town, once a walled town which had five gates, and its surrounding sub-towns known as "Banda" and barbarity by stripping the men and lashing them, the men were randomly chosen and lashed just to frighten the villagers.
Location.
It is located some 18 km from Takht Bahi, 10 km from Sher Garh and about 30 km from Mardan on the National Highway between Swat and Peshawar District. The town is surrounded by two main streams and a smaller brook from 3 directions which flow throughout the year, thus lending Lund Khwar its name as well as a safety against possible invaders, a strategic point and basis for its foundation. The town is connected with Sher Garh through a main road which reaches the town through a bridge on the stream.
Geology.
"In Lund Khwar, the surface near the hills is a strong bed of limestone pebbles mixed with boulders of conglomerate".

</doc>
<doc id="6973384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973384" title="Kallistos of Diokleia">
Kallistos of Diokleia



</doc>
<doc id="6973387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973387" title="Coreutils">
Coreutils



</doc>
<doc id="6973402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973402" title="Left Lion">
Left Lion



</doc>
<doc id="6973408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973408" title="Union Co">
Union Co



</doc>
<doc id="6973423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973423" title="Phra Thong Kham district">
Phra Thong Kham district

Phra Thong Kham (, ; , ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northern part of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
Tambon Sa Phra, Thap Rang, Phang Thiam, Nong Hoi and Map Krat were separated from Non Thai district to create the Phra Thong Kham minor district on 15 July 1996.
On 15 May 2007, all 81 minor districts were upgraded to full districts. On 24 August the upgrade became official.
Etymology.
"Phra Thong Kham" in Thai language means 'Golden Lord Buddha image'. The name "Phra Thong Kham" has two origins: 
the center of the minor district was in Ban Pa Kham, Tambon Sa Phra. The people selected the last words from the location name and add Thong as a middle word for good meaning; "Phraya Palat Thong Kham" was the husband of Thao Suranaree, the heroine of Nakhon Ratchasima.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the north clockwise): Chatturat and Noen Sa-nga of Chaiyaphum province; Khong, Kham Sakaesaeng, Non Thai, and Dan Khun Thot of Nakhon Ratchasima Province.
Administration.
The district is divided into five subdistricts ("tambons"). The township ("thesaban tambon") Phra Thong Kham covers parts of the "tambon" Sa Phra.

</doc>
<doc id="6973425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973425" title="Seguin Independent School District">
Seguin Independent School District

Seguin Independent School District is a public school district based in Seguin, Texas, United States.
In addition to Seguin, the district also serves the communities of McQueeney and Kingsbury.
In 2009 and 2010, the school district was rated "recognized" by the Texas Education Agency.
History.
In 2016 Seguin ISD attempted to buy the radio station "KWED", owned by Guadalupe Media. The radio station acts as the publisher for the "Seguin Daily News". The board of trustees approved a deal in which the district would have paid Guadalupe Media $400,000, to lease the station, with an option to buy it after the payment period of five years ($75,000 per year). The district would have decided which employees would remain at the station. The payments would have been in increments over a five-year period. By August of that year Guadalupe Media backed out of the deal. The radio station had previously aired criticism against the school district. Eliana Reihl, a candidate for a school board position, stated her belief that the district was motivated to silence criticism. Some other critics argued that the radio station was losing money and that the district would have to pay additional money to keep the station afloat.

</doc>
<doc id="6973427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973427" title="Seguin ISD">
Seguin ISD



</doc>
<doc id="6973429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973429" title="Pay-per-lead">
Pay-per-lead



</doc>
<doc id="6973438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973438" title="Artie (comics)">
Artie (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6973444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973444" title="Tha Carter, Vol. 2">
Tha Carter, Vol. 2



</doc>
<doc id="6973451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973451" title="Prince Frederik">
Prince Frederik



</doc>
<doc id="6973452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973452" title="Anthony Reveillere">
Anthony Reveillere



</doc>
<doc id="6973455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973455" title="Mustelus mustelus">
Mustelus mustelus



</doc>
<doc id="6973461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973461" title="Lam Thamenchai district">
Lam Thamenchai district

Lam Thamenchai (, ; , ) is a district ("amphoe") of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
The area of Lam Thamenchai was separated from Chum Phuang district and made a minor district ("king amphoe") on 15 July 1996.
On 15 May 2007, all 81 minor districts were upgraded to full districts. On 24 August the upgrade became official.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the east clockwise): Khu Mueang and Lam Plai Mat of Buriram province; Chum Phuang and Mueang Yang of Nakhon Ratchasima Province.
The district is named after the Thamenchai River, the main river of the district.
Administration.
The district is divided into four subdistricts ("tambons"). The township ("thesaban tambon") of Nong Bua Wong covers parts of the "tambons" Kui and Phlai.

</doc>
<doc id="6973464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973464" title="Carl Philip">
Carl Philip



</doc>
<doc id="6973465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973465" title="Learn ot fly">
Learn ot fly



</doc>
<doc id="6973466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973466" title="Terje Aa">
Terje Aa

Terje Aa (born 16 March 1961) is a Norwegian bridge player, WBF World Life Master, and regular member of the Norwegian team since 1993. Teams on which he was a member have placed in the top three of the World Bridge Federation European and World Championships 11 times between 1984 and 2008.
In 1993, Aa debuted as the member of Norwegian national selection and won the Schiphol Invitational Teams in Netherlands and bronze medal in European Teams Championship in Menton, France. In the same year, they reached the final of Bermuda Bowl in Santiago de Chile, where they lost to the young Dutch team.
Aa works for the Norwegian Post Office. His regular partner between 1993 and 2006 was Glenn Grøtheim playing the "Viking Precision", a relay-based system.
Reporting false scores - suspension.
Aa was a member of Geir Helgemo's team which reported a false score (claiming a match was played when it was not to the benefit of both teams) in a match in Norway. All players involved were suspended by the Norwegian Bridge Federation. Three of the players involved, Terje Aa (ACBL # 9027661), Geir Helgemo (ACBL # 4036808) and Jørgen Molberg (ACBL # 8896631) were members of the American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) and were suspended by the ACBL.

</doc>
<doc id="6973476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973476" title="Chernoff bounds">
Chernoff bounds



</doc>
<doc id="6973480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973480" title="S2006">
S2006



</doc>
<doc id="6973484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973484" title="Punta La Marmora">
Punta La Marmora

Punta La Marmora () is a mountain in the Gennargentu range, Sardinia located in Italy.
Geography.
The mountain belongs to Nuoro province, in the Barbagia mountain area of inner Sardinia. With its summit at an elevation of 1,834 m, it is the highest peak on the island. Dedicated to the geographer Alberto Ferrero della Marmora, it is included in the communal territories of Desulo and Arzana.
Punta La Marmora is situated just east of the approximate center of Sardinia and the summit offers good views of the entire island. On a clear day most of the coastline and all the surrounding peaks are visible.
External links.
&lt;br&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6973485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973485" title="Application streaming">
Application streaming

Application streaming is a form of on-demand software distribution. In these scenarios, only essential portions of an application's code need to be installed on the computer: while the end user performs actions in the application, the necessary code and files are delivered over the network as and when they are required.
Application streaming is a related concept to application virtualization, where applications are run directly from a virtual machine on a central server that is completely separate from the local system. By contrast, application streaming runs the program locally, but still involves the centralized storage of application code.
Stream server.
An application is "packaged" and stored on a streaming server. "Packaging" or "sequencing" produces an image of the application in a way that orders delivery or predicatively optimizes delivery to the client.
Launch and streaming of application.
The initial launch of an application would be important for the end user and the Packaging process might be optimized to achieve this. Once launched, common functions would be followed. As these functions are requested by the end user, these may be streamed in a similar manner. In this case the client is pulling the application from the stream server. Otherwise, the full application might be delivered from the server to the client in the background. In this case, the server pushes the application to the client.
Advantages.
The concept of application streaming carries several major advantages over traditional software distribution: given the complexity of modern applications, many functions are never or seldom used, and pulling the application on demand is more efficient in terms of server, client and network usage; streaming also allows for applications to be cached on the local system and still run in a traditional manner; updates can also be deployed automatically to the cached application files.
Vendor-specific implementations.
Android.
2015 app streaming experiment.
In 2015 Google launched "App streaming" experiment for launching "streamed" apps from Google Search. If user with a supported device entered a relevant search query, Google Search would display "Stram" button on the top result. When user clicked the button, user device would display a live video stream of the app running on Google servers. Only nine app publishers participated in the experiment. Ars Technica writer discovered a way to "escape the app and get into a Web browser" and found out that the virtual device was running Android 4.4.4. Writer raised concerns about using such an old version of Android. The experiment never advanced past "beta" stage.
Google Play Instant.
In 2018, Google Play added "Instant apps" feature which allowed users to try out compatible apps before downloading them. Specifically, app has to be packaged in Android App Bundle format with special activities. If app supports "Instant apps", Google Play displays "try now" button next to "install" button. When user clicks it, Google Play loads only relevant data to speed up app launch. At launch only six games supported the feature. As of July 2021, 39 apps provide this functionality.

</doc>
<doc id="6973492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973492" title="Punta la Marmora">
Punta la Marmora



</doc>
<doc id="6973494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973494" title="Punta Lamarmora">
Punta Lamarmora



</doc>
<doc id="6973497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973497" title="Perdas Caprias">
Perdas Caprias



</doc>
<doc id="6973500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973500" title="Parenco">
Parenco

Parenco B.V. is a paper mill located in Renkum, Netherlands, on the shore of the Rhine. The mill was established on the site of an older mill in 1912 by Van Gelder &amp; Zonen. The company operates two paper machines PM1 and PM2. PM1 has a capacity of 265,000 tonnes per year and is used for the production of so-called SC-B paper for magazines and advertising brochures. The other machine, PM2, was idled in 2009 by its then owner due to the declining demand of newsprint paper. This machine will be converted and from mid-2016 will produce about 385,000 tons of packaging paper, intended for the production of corrugated board.
History.
Papermaking has taken place in Renkum since 1598, with the establishment of The Bock. Harten was established as a paper mill in 1720. It was bought by Van Gelder &amp; Zonen in 1907, who established a new mill, Renkum 2, in 1912. It featured two paper machines, mostly producing newsprint. They remained in use until 1979, when both were closed down and replaced with a new paper machine, PM2. Van Gelder filed for bankruptcy, but operations in Renkum continued with the independent company Parenco B.V.
German pulp and paper company Haindl bought Parenco in 1983, naming it Haindl Parenco. They invested to allow for a second paper machine, PM1, which started running in 1987. PM2 was upgraded in 1989, PM1 in 1998.
The owners of the family-owned Haindl consortium decided to sell the company in 2000. It was bought in a joint deal, where UPM took over four and Norske Skog bought two of the mills—Parenco and Walsum. The deal took effect on 30 November 2001, with Norske Skog paying 8.2 billion Norwegian krone for the two mills. Norske Skog was in a process of specialization, selling all non-core assets while purchasing a dominant position in the world's newsprint and magazine paper market.
The mill was renamed Norske Skog Parenco. As of 2005 it produced 419,000 tonnes of newsprint and magazine paper. Fiber was sourced 75 percent from deinked pulp and 25 percent for woodpulp processed as thermomechanical pulp (TMP), imported from Germany and Belgium. Due to the global decline in newsprint demand, Norske Skog shut down PM2 in June 2009. This resulted in the number of employees being reduced from 425 to 255. Meanwhile the TMP production and one of the deinking lines was terminated.
Norske Skog sold Parenco and the recycling company Reparco to H2 Equity Partners in August 2012 for €30 million. H2 stated that they hoped to find new market segments to produce other paper grades two and had a long-term goal of restarting PM2. On June 4, 2015, the announcement was made that Parenco invests approximately one hundred million euros with its owner H2 Equity Partners in the conversion of its PM2. After the conversion, PM2 will produce about 385,000 tons of packaging paper from mid-2016, intended for the production of corrugated board.
Operation.
One paper machine (PM1) has a production capacity of 260,000 tonnes of publication paper per year. For the production, the mill only uses recovered paper. The recovered paper mainly comes from waste paper collected at households. The Netherlands rank among the top recycling countries in the world. From the total amount of waste paper recycling in the Netherlands (approximately 77 percent), Parenco reproduces some 16 percent into new paper.
Brands include:
Parenco’s main markets are located in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="6973501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973501" title="Department of Electrical and Information Engineering, University of Ruhuna">
Department of Electrical and Information Engineering, University of Ruhuna



</doc>
<doc id="6973505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973505" title="Try This With your Eyes Closed">
Try This With your Eyes Closed



</doc>
<doc id="6973506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973506" title="Greenspun's Tenth Law">
Greenspun's Tenth Law



</doc>
<doc id="6973513" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973513" title="Scottish Parliament Elections 2007">
Scottish Parliament Elections 2007



</doc>
<doc id="6973515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973515" title="Scottish elections 2007">
Scottish elections 2007



</doc>
<doc id="6973516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973516" title="Scottish General Election of 2007">
Scottish General Election of 2007



</doc>
<doc id="6973517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973517" title="Carne asada fries">
Carne asada fries

Carne asada fries are a local dish speciality found on the menus of restaurants primarily in the American Southwest, including San Diego, where it originated.
History.
Carne asada fries are a Mexican-American dish originating in the Chicano community in San Diego. This item is not normally featured on the menu at more traditional Mexican restaurants. Lolita's Mexican Food in San Diego claims to have originated the dish in the late 1990s, inspired by a suggestion from their tortilla distributor.
The dish is also served at Petco Park and Dodger Stadium. By 2015, fast food chain Del Taco began to sell the item.
Ingredients.
The dish typically consists of french fries, carne asada, guacamole, sour cream, cheese, and sometimes salsa. Typically, the fries are of the shoestring variety, but other cuts may be used as well. The carne asada is usually finely chopped to avoid the need for a knife or additional cutting on the part of the consumer. The cheese is commonly cotija, although many establishments use a less-costly shredded cheese mix which melts with the other ingredients and keeps longer.
In Los Angeles, the dish may also contain refried beans.
The dish is high in calories, with a meal-sized portion containing 2000 calories or more.

</doc>
<doc id="6973520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973520" title="Miss United States">
Miss United States

Miss United States is a pageant held in the United States for unmarried women between the ages of 20 and 29. The pageant includes women selected to represent all 50 states, District of Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
The Miss United States pageant's mission is to "celebrate intelligent women of all walks of life." The Miss United States pageant includes the following competition segments: Private Interview (a 3-minute private interview with judges about the delegate's career, academic, and charitable accomplishments), Evening Gown (a runway walk in formalwear to demonstrate the delegate's poise), Swimsuit (a runway walk in swimwear to display the delegate's physical fitness and on-stage confidence), and Personal Platform Promise (a 60-second 'pitch' of the delegate's chosen charitable cause followed by an onstage question). All four competition segments are worth 25% of the delegate's overall score.
Miss United States is part of the pageant system known as Mrs. United States Pageant, Inc. (DBA United States National Pageants) which has eight divisions: Little Miss United States, Miss Pre-Teen United States, Miss Jr. Teen United States, Miss Teen United States, Miss United States, Ms. United States, Ms. Woman United States, and Mrs. United States. United States National Pageants is the official and exclusive owner of the "Miss United States" trademark. In 2016, Miss United States organizers held the national pageant in Las Vegas, where it initially was held, for a 30th anniversary celebration.
The reigning Miss United States is Lindsey Langston, who was crowned on October 8, 2024 in Memphis, Tennessee.
Notable recent Miss United States titleholders include Miss United States 2013 Candiace Dillard, who is a reality television personality on Bravo's "Real Housewives of Potomac;" Miss United States 2022 Lily K. Donaldson, who was the first Miss United States to visit all 50 states during her reign; and Miss United States 2014 Elizabeth Safrit, who also represented the United States at Miss World 2014 in London, England on December 14, 2014, where she placed as 2nd runner-up and earned the title of Continental Queen of Beauty of the Americas.
In popular media.
In the 2000 American comedy film "Miss Congeniality", the FBI asks tomboy agent Gracie (Sandra Bullock) to go under cover as a contestant when a terrorist threatens to bomb the Miss United States pageant. The film also popularized the pop-culture phrase "she's beauty and she's grace" from the Miss United States song which has lyrics "she's beauty and she's grace, she's Miss United States."
History.
Rehoboth Beach 1880 pageant.
The very first use of the title "Miss United States" allegedly goes back as far as 1880, when Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, held the first recorded "beauty pageant" in the United States searching for "the most beautiful unmarried woman in our nation" and awarding her the title of 'Miss United States'. Some attribute this 1880 pageant to P.T. Barnum, although, this may be confused with P.T. Barnum's unsuccessful effort in the 1850s to start a live beauty contest. Several sources, including PBS and the History Channel, cite Thomas Edison as a judge of the 1880 Miss United States pageant. However, the very existence of this 1880 pageant is contested.
1920s–1930s.
Many news articles about the current Miss United States organization cite the first Miss United States pageant as taking place in 1937 with the title being award to Miss California, however, other sources point to the first Miss United States title as being awarded in 1925 to Miss California. A 1937 Albuquerque newspaper names the 1937 Miss United States winner as Margaret Smith of Tennessee. One source says the pageant was put on hold during World War 1, and then re-established in 1937, however, the "Boston Globe" published a 1929 article naming Irene Ahlberg as Miss United States 1929 and Universal Newsreel footage from 1931 shows Miss United States 1931, Ann Lee Patterson. Some of this confusion stems from the conflation of the original Miss Universe (International Pageant of Pulchritude) which also selected a 'Miss United States' and the modern Miss Universe pageant which began in 1951 and where from 1951 to 1962, the U.S. representative was called 'Miss United States of America' before the title was renamed to 'Miss USA' in 1962. The International Pageant of Pulchritude, which existed from 1920 to 1935, was the first international beauty pageant and crowned both a 'Miss United States' and 'Miss Universe'.
Additionally, national "Miss United States" pageants were held after 1935 by several different entities across the United States including American Legion auxiliaries and Biloxi event promoter R.H. Thompson. Patriotic festivals/parades also often had a young woman play "Miss United States" for the festivities, unrelated to a pageant or competition.
1950s–1990s.
The title "Miss United States" was trademarked by Catalina Swimwear (which founded the Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants) in 1957. Catalina Swimwear's competitions, which began in 1952, included both "Miss Universe" and "Miss United States of America", which would be renamed to "Miss USA" in 1962. The "Miss United States" trademark was then transferred in accordance with the change of Miss USA ownership, including to Donald Trump's pageant business "Trump Pageants, L.P." in 1996 and to the Miss Universe organization in 1997, although the pageant never used the title "Miss United States" or "Miss United States of America" after 1962. Organizers of the pageant that chooses the U.S. representative to Miss World used the title "Miss United States" from 1958 to 1961.
2000s–current.
In December 2000 (one year after the expiration of the 'Miss United States' trademark), the film "Miss Congeniality" (which was centered around a 'Miss United States' pageant) was released grossing $212 million worldwide against its $45 million budget. The following year, Mrs. United States Pageant, Inc. (who previously held 'Mrs. United States' and 'Miss Teen United States' pageants) held a "Miss United States" pageant for the first time, with their former Miss Teen United States, Starla Smith, taking the crown. Mrs. United States Pageant, Inc. currently owns the "Miss United States" trademark which was applied for in 2005, and registered in 2008. In 2012, the Mrs. United States Pageant, Inc. sued organizers of a "Miss United States of America" pageant for trademark infringement, and won.
The "Miss United States" pageant is held annually alongside the corporation's Little Miss United States, Miss Pre-Teen United States, Miss Jr. Teen United States, Miss Teen United States, Ms. United States, Ms. Woman United States, and Mrs. United States pageants.

</doc>
<doc id="6973522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973522" title="Pyramid saving scheme">
Pyramid saving scheme



</doc>
<doc id="6973531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973531" title="William the Detective">
William the Detective

William - The Detective is a book in the Just William series written by Richmal Crompton. Modern editions contain ten stories; it originally contained eleven: In a (for the series) rare example of moral panic, the eleventh, entitled "William and the Nasties" has been removed from reprints of the book since 1986 because, though ultimately anti-Nazi, it was considered inappropriate after the atrocities of the Holocaust, especially for a book aimed at children. The story was first published as “William and the Nasties” in "Happy Mag", June, 1934 and thus was a fairly early recognition of the dangers of Naziism, coming after Jews were barred from government employment and harassed in other ways, but even before the Nuremberg Race Laws. 
On one hand, Crompton describes Mr. Isaacs, the new owner of the local sweet shop, in stereotypically antisemitic terms as a “little hook-nosed man” who is stingy in measuring the sweets William and his friends (the Outlaws) bought—“he stopped putting on sweets as soon as the scale quivered.” Crompton also has one of William’s friends report that “the Nasties” in Germany chase out Jews because “Jews are rich,” and that after they chase them out, they take all the stuff they leave behind. The friend goes on to say that Nasties can do this legally in Germany. So William and the other Outlaws decide to become Nasties themselves in order to take all the contents of Mr. Isaac’s sweet shop. 
However, the Outlaws fail in their attempts to intimidate Mr. Isaacs, and Crompton breaks away from stereotypes in telling the rest of the story. Rather than being a passive victim of the Outlaws harassment, Mr. Isaacs defends himself and gives William a good box on the ear as he chases the Outlaws away from his shop. Later, the boys think they have succeeded in locking Mr. Isaacs in his safe-room and start taking his stock of sweets. But as they do, they find “a strange distaste creeping over” them because it “does seem a bit like "ordinry steelin’" even though it’s “by lor [law]” if you’re Nasties. In short, Crompton clearly suggests here and elsewhere in the story that the contemporary Nazi confiscation of Jewish property is purely criminal activity based on greed and can’t be justified by being given the color of law.
In the end, it turns out that the Outlaws have actually captured a burglar attempting to rob Mr. Isaacs, and Mr. Isaacs graciously rewards them with all the sweets they can carry, and tells them he’ll remember them when they come to buy sweets from him in the future.
"William and the Nasties" is available online, even though it has been dropped from new editions since 1986. "William and the League of Perfect Love" has also been removed from some editions under pressure from the animal-rights activists it satirises.
The stories.
Removed story: William and the Nasties (originally in sixth position) – William and his friends attempt (unsuccessfully) to imitate Nazi stormtroopers by driving a Jewish shopkeeper from his business. ("Nasties" is William's mispronunciation of "Nazis".)

</doc>
<doc id="6973534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973534" title="Sun Fire (server)">
Sun Fire (server)



</doc>
<doc id="6973537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973537" title="Hero Engine">
Hero Engine



</doc>
<doc id="6973546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973546" title="VSV">
VSV

VSV can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6973549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973549" title="Gunter AFB, Alabama">
Gunter AFB, Alabama



</doc>
<doc id="6973551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973551" title="Ambrosia trifida">
Ambrosia trifida

Ambrosia trifida, the giant ragweed, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is native to North America, where it is widespread in Canada, the United States, and northern Mexico.
Distribution.
It is present in Europe and Asia as an introduced species, and it is known as a common weed in many regions. Its common names include great ragweed, Texan great ragweed, giant ragweed, tall ragweed, blood ragweed, perennial ragweed, horseweed, buffaloweed, and kinghead.
Description.
This is an annual herb usually growing up to tall, but known to reach over in rich, moist soils. The tough stems have woody bases and are branching or unbranched. Most leaves are oppositely arranged. The blades are variable in shape, sometimes palmate with five lobes, and often with toothed edges. The largest can be over long by wide. They are borne on petioles several centimeters long. They are glandular and rough in texture. The species is monoecious, with plants bearing inflorescences containing both pistillate and staminate flowers. The former are clustered at the base of the spike and the latter grow at the end. The fruit is a bur a few millimeters long tipped with several tiny spines.
As a weed.
This species is well known as a noxious weed, both in its native range and in areas where it is an introduced and often invasive species. It is naturalized in some areas, and it is recorded as an adventive species in others. It grows in many types of disturbed habitat, such as roadsides, and in cultivated fields. Widespread seed dispersal occurs when its spiny burs fall off the plant and are carried to new habitat by people, animals, machinery, or flowing water. The plant is destructive to native and crop plants because it easily outcompetes them for light.
Herbicide resistant giant ragweed populations were first identified in the late 1990s. Across much of the midwestern United States, populations resistant to group 2 (ALS-inhibitors) and group 9 (glyphosate) are present, though resistant to multiple herbicide modes of action has not yet been documented. There remains concern that herbicide resistance is more widespread than documented and many states like Minnesota offer free screening of giant ragweed for herbicide resistance For chemical control, use of group 4 (2-4D) and group 10 (glufosinate) are effective.
As an allergen.
Also, interest is great in preventing the spread of this plant because its pollen is a significant human allergen. It is one of the most familiar allergenic ragweeds, and residents of different regions begin to experience allergic symptoms as the plant spreads into the area.
Uses.
Native Americans had a number of uses for the plant as traditional medicine. The Cherokee used it as a remedy for insect stings, hives, fever, and pneumonia, and the Iroquois used it to treat diarrhea. The plant is suspected to have been domesticated by Native Americans as a oily seed crop as early as 1200BCE. This means it may have been a member of the Eastern Agricultural Complex.
Giant ragweed has been used successfully as a compost activator and an ingredient in sheet mulch gardens.

</doc>
<doc id="6973552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973552" title="Gunter AFB, AL">
Gunter AFB, AL



</doc>
<doc id="6973555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973555" title="List of programs broadcast by People's Television Network">
List of programs broadcast by People's Television Network

People's Television Network (PTV) is a government television network owned by the Government of the Philippines and the main brand of People's Television Network, Inc. (PTNI), one of the attached agencies under the Presidential Communications Office (PCO). It is headquartered in Broadcast Complex, Visayas Avenue, Diliman, Quezon City. The following is a list of all television programming that PTV is currently broadcasting since it began its television operations in 1974.
Current local programming.
"Note": Titles are listed in alphabetical order followed by the year of debut in parentheses.

</doc>
<doc id="6973557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973557" title="Princess lointaine">
Princess lointaine



</doc>
<doc id="6973560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973560" title="HDMS Esben Snare (L17)">
HDMS Esben Snare (L17)



</doc>
<doc id="6973564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973564" title="Gunter Air Force Base, AL">
Gunter Air Force Base, AL



</doc>
<doc id="6973568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973568" title="Le Grand Jury">
Le Grand Jury

Le Grand Jury ("The Great Jury") is a French political broadcast of RTL, the main generalist radio network in France. Since 1994, it is also broadcast on LCI, a TV news channel.
It takes place in the evening on Sundays from 12:00 to 1:00pm (UTC+2). The usually invites a politician, an employer or a tade unionist to be interviewed by journalists of RTL, LCI and of a newspaper. The partner of the broadcast was "Le Monde" and has been "Le Figaro" since 2005.
Currently, the interviewers are Jean-Michel Aphatie (RTL), Pierre-Luc Séguillon (LCI) and Etienne Mougeotte ("Le Figaro").
History.
In 1987, while being interviewed in "Le Grand Jury", the National Front leader Jean-Marie Le Pen stated "the holocaust is a detail of the history of the Second World War".
In 2002, the Workers' Struggle spokesperson Arlette Laguiller cried during the broadcast when a former trotskyst militant was evoked by the journalists.

</doc>
<doc id="6973574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973574" title="Marianne (1956 song)">
Marianne (1956 song)



</doc>
<doc id="6973582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973582" title="Italian Alps">
Italian Alps



</doc>
<doc id="6973595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973595" title="Terje Åa">
Terje Åa



</doc>
<doc id="6973597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973597" title="John de Lugo">
John de Lugo

John de Lugo (also Juan de Lugo y de Quiroga and Xoan de Lugo; 17 October 164420 August 1660), a Spanish Jesuit and Cardinal, was an eminent scholastic theologian of the Baroque period.
Early life and education.
He was born in November, 1583 in Madrid, though he used to call himself a "Hispalensis", because his family seat was at Seville. Both his father (also named Juan de Lugo) and his mother (Teresa de Quiroga, whose family name he bore for a time as was custom for the second son) were of noble birth. 
At the age of three years he could read printed or written books; at ten, he received the tonsure; at fourteen he defended a public thesis in logic and at about the same time was appointed by King Philip II of Spain to an ecclesiastical benefice which he retained until he became a priest in 1618.
Like his elder brother, Francis, he was sent by his father to the University of Salamanca to study law. But Francis entered the Society of Jesus where he became a distinguished theologian and John soon desired to follow his brother. He twice asked his father for permission to join the order but, having failed to receive it, joined in any case in 1603.
After completing his studies he was appointed professor of philosophy at Medina del Campo in 1611 and later professor of theology at Valladolid where he taught for five years. His fame as a professor of theology attracted the attention of the General of the Jesuits, Muzio Vitelleschi and de Lugo was summoned to Rome where he arrived early in June 1621.
Cardinalate.
It is said that his lectures even before being printed were spread by copyists in other countries. When the General of the Society ordered him to print his works, he obeyed and without help had the material for the first three volumes prepared within five years (1633, 1636, 1638). When the fourth volume, "De justitia et jure", was about to be published, his superiors thought it proper that he should dedicate it to Pope Urban VIII; he had to present it himself to the pope, who was so much surprised and delighted by the theologian's learning that he frequently consulted him, and in 1643, created him a cardinal, a position he accepted with reluctance. The fine carriage sent by the Barberini to bring him as a cardinal to the pope's palace, he called his hearse. This put an end to de Lugo's teaching; but several of his works were published after 1643.
As Cardinal, he often had occasion to place his learning at the service of the Church, especially in the deliberations of the took part in the Roman congregations of the Holy Office and of the Council. At the death of Pope Urban, de Lugo participated in the papal conclave of 1644. Being a creature of the Barberini, most considered he would vote in favour of their French faction candidate, Giulio Cesare Sacchetti. Instead, he surprised the College of Cardinals and declared himself in favour of the Spanish candidate, Giovanni Battista Pamphili, who was eventually elected and took the name Pope Innocent X.
He died at Rome on 20 August 1660, aged seventy-seven, being assisted by his fellow Jesuit Cardinal Francesco Sforza Pallavicino, one of his most devoted disciples. According to his wish, he was buried near the tomb of the order's founder St. Ignatius of Loyola so that "his heart might rest where his treasure was", as is said in his epitaph. His generosity to the poor was renowned, and although his income was small, he daily distributed among them bread, money and even remedies, such as quinquina, then newly discovered, which the people at Rome used for a time to call Lugo's powder.
Writings.
The works of Juan de Lugo, some of which have never been printed, cover nearly the whole field of moral and dogmatic theology. 
The works which de Lugo published in his lifetime are:
The last of these, which draws on de Lugo's legal background, became his most famous work. He dedicated it to the pope and presented it to him in person; the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia credits it with earning him an appointment as cardinal.
Three more of de Lugo's works were published after his death:
The first two of these were published by de Lugo's former pupil, fellow Jesuit and friend, Cardinal Francesco Sforza Pallavicino.
Other works on theology and especially on philosophy: "De Anima", "Philosophia", "Logica", "De Trinitate", "De Visione Dei", etc. are still preserved in manuscripts in the libraries of Madrid, Salamanca, Karlsruhe, Mechlin etc.
Among the unprinted works, the analysis of Arnauld's book, "De frequenti Communione" and the "Memorie del conclave d'Innocenzo X: Riposta al discorso ... che le corone hanno jus d'eschiudere li cardinali del Pontificato" may be of special interest; they are the only controversial works of Lugo. What he intended in his writings was not to give a long treatise, exhaustive from every point of view; he wished only "to open up a small river, to the ocean", without relating what others had said before him and without giving a series of opinions of previous writers or furnishing authors or quotations in number; he aimed at adding what he had found from his own reflection and deep meditation on each subject. Other features of his theological conceptions are the union he always maintains between moral and dogmatic theology, the latter being the support of the former, and the same treatment being applied to both, discussing thoroughly the principle on which the main points of the doctrine rest. From this point of view the last lines of his preface "De justitia et jure" are instructive.
In several problems he formed a system of his own, as for instance about faith, the Eucharist, the hypostatic union, etc., and owing to the thorough discussion of the question at issue, his opinion is always to be taken into account. In moral theology he put an end, as Ballerini remarks, to several disputed questions. St. Alphonsus de Ligouri did not hesitate to rank him immediately after the Doctor of the Church St. Thomas Aquinas, "post S. Thomam facile princeps", and pope Benedict XIV called him "a light of the Church". Two complete editions of Lugo's work were published at Venice in 1718 and 1751, each edition containing seven volumes. Another edition (Paris, 1768) was never completed. The last edition is that of Fournials (1868–69), in seven volumes, to which an eighth volume with the "Responsa moralia" and the "Indices" was added in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="6973602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973602" title="Antonio Luis Alves Ribeiro Oliveira">
Antonio Luis Alves Ribeiro Oliveira



</doc>
<doc id="6973603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973603" title="Antonio Andre">
Antonio Andre



</doc>
<doc id="6973605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973605" title="Antonio Carlos Zago">
Antonio Carlos Zago



</doc>
<doc id="6973609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973609" title="Antonio Frasco">
Antonio Frasco



</doc>
<doc id="6973610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973610" title="Tats Lau">
Tats Lau

Tats Lau Yee-Tat (; born 23 February 1963) is a Hong Kong musician, songwriter and actor.
Music career.
During the 1980s, Tats Lau was active in Hong Kong's independent music scene. He established several underground bands including DLLM and OEO (Oriental Electric Orchestra, which was influenced by YMO).
Lau's career reached its climax when he established classic Cantopop duo Tat Ming Pair with Anthony Wong Yiu Ming. Tats Lau is the chief music composer and instrumentalist in Tat Ming Pair while Anthony Wong is the lead singer. Unlike other Cantopop musicians in the same generation, Tats Lau has strong influence of Synthpop music from UK. Tat Ming Pair, along with Beyond and Tai Chi, eventually became one of the most important music groups in Hong Kong history.
After the disbandment of Tat Ming Pair, Tats Lau has formed several music groups such as Tats Lau and Dream (), Tats Lau Government School () and . However, those groups only enjoy limited success in comparison with Tat Ming Pair. In 2009, Tats Lau formed the new band LOVE MISSION, and the other members are Charis Chung (, vocal), Rita Ip (, keyboard + background vocal), Man Kit Wong (, bass + background vocal), Anson Tang (, drums).
Film composer.
Tats Lau is an active film score composer. He has collaborated with director Clara Law and won the Best Original Film Score awards (shared with Wai Kai Leung) in both Hong Kong Film Awards and Golden Horse Film Festival by participating Clara Law's "Temptation of a Monk".
Acting career.
For the younger generation, Tats Lau would be more famous for his performance in many comedy films by Stephen Chow such as "The God of Cookery", "Forbidden City Cop" and many other Hong Kong comedy films.

</doc>
<doc id="6973612" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973612" title="Iweta Radziewicz">
Iweta Radziewicz



</doc>
<doc id="6973613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973613" title="St. Alphonsus de Ligouri">
St. Alphonsus de Ligouri



</doc>
<doc id="6973614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973614" title="Antonio Lopez Guerrero">
Antonio Lopez Guerrero



</doc>
<doc id="6973615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973615" title="Antonio Luis Jimenez">
Antonio Luis Jimenez



</doc>
<doc id="6973616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973616" title="Juan de Lugo">
Juan de Lugo



</doc>
<doc id="6973617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973617" title="United States v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers' Coop">
United States v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers' Coop



</doc>
<doc id="6973621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973621" title="Jim Rodgers (U.S.)">
Jim Rodgers (U.S.)



</doc>
<doc id="6973623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973623" title="Oakland Cannabis Buyers Cooperative">
Oakland Cannabis Buyers Cooperative



</doc>
<doc id="6973625" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973625" title="Moral theology">
Moral theology



</doc>
<doc id="6973627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973627" title="And God Created Woman">
And God Created Woman

And God Created Woman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6973630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973630" title="Continuity announcers">
Continuity announcers



</doc>
<doc id="6973634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973634" title="Contai High School">
Contai High School

Contai High School is the oldest school (established in 1857) in the sub-divisional town of Contai, Purba Medinipur, West Bengal, India. It is one the most respected schools in Midnapore district. It is a boys' higher secondary school featuring both English and Bengali medium.
The school premises including the buildings, hostel, gymnasium, lab, gardens and playground lie on land provided by Rishi Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay during his stay at Contai. The school follows the course curricula of West Bengal Board of Secondary Education and West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education for standard 10th and 12th board examinations respectively. 
History.
It is one of the oldest schools in Midnapore district, being established in the year 1857. It enjoyed considerable development when Bankim Chandra Chatterjee was the Deputy Magistrate of the Midnapore district. He was instrumental for the improvement of the school. It still holds immense respect and prestige in the eyes of the people of Contai. 

</doc>
<doc id="6973636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973636" title="Michael McCullers">
Michael McCullers

Michael McCullers (born 1971) is an American writer and director.
Early life.
A native of Vestavia Hills, Alabama, McCullers attended Indian Springs School which is a private high school in Indian Springs Village, Alabama. He was awarded a National Merit Scholarship.
Career.
McCullers began his career as a writer for "Saturday Night Live". He co-wrote the scripts for "" and "Austin Powers in Goldmember", from the "Austin Powers" film series which stars Mike Myers. 
McCullers wrote and directed the 2008 comedy "Baby Mama". Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are in the film. In 1999, he signed a deal with New Line Cinema to write comedies. 
He wrote the 2017 film "The Boss Baby" for DreamWorks Animation, and with Genndy Tartakovsky co-wrote "" (2018) for Sony Pictures Animation.
In 2023, he was brought on to write material for the film "Ruby Gillman, Teenage Kraken".
McCullers was hired to write "Shrek 5" for DreamWorks Animation.
Personal life.
McCullers lives in Los Angeles with his wife and four children.
Filmography.
Film
Television

</doc>
<doc id="6973640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973640" title="Carlo Giuseppe Gené">
Carlo Giuseppe Gené



</doc>
<doc id="6973644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973644" title="440 (number)">
440 (number)

440 (four hundred [and] forty) is the natural number following 439 and preceding 441.
In mathematics.
440 has the factorization 
440 is:

</doc>
<doc id="6973645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973645" title="Louis Vieillot">
Louis Vieillot



</doc>
<doc id="6973646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973646" title="The Spy Who Shagged Me">
The Spy Who Shagged Me



</doc>
<doc id="6973647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973647" title="Antonio Simoes">
Antonio Simoes



</doc>
<doc id="6973651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973651" title="Antonio Sousa">
Antonio Sousa



</doc>
<doc id="6973652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973652" title="Antonio Tomas Gonzalez">
Antonio Tomas Gonzalez



</doc>
<doc id="6973653" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973653" title="Antonio Veloso">
Antonio Veloso



</doc>
<doc id="6973654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973654" title="Fred Stacey">
Fred Stacey

Fred Hurtle Stacey (6 August 1879 – 17 September 1964) was an Australian politician. He was a United Australia Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from 1931 to 1943, representing the electorate of Adelaide.
He was born at Carey Gully, South Australia, the fourth son of Henry and Anne Stacey. He worked as a miner at Moonta and Wallaroo and in Western Australia, managed his father's orchard for a time, and became involved in the timber industry, owning the Lenswood Case and Timber Mills, which supplied timber to the mines and for fruit cases. He was involved in the local community at Uraidla, serving on the local show and school committees, but later retired from the timber business and moved to suburban Maylands. He was a Corporate Town of St Peters councillor from 1923 to 1925, an alderman from 1925 to 1928, and mayor from 1928 to 1932.
Stacey was elected to the House of Representatives at the 1931 federal election, defeating long-term Labor MP George Edwin Yates. He was re-elected in 1934, 1937 and 1940, the third time with a majority of 2,198. Stacey was defeated in the Labor victory at the 1943 federal election, although he had previously been reported as being "supremely confident" of retaining his seat.
Stacey moved to Klemzig after his parliamentary defeat, where he again ran an orchard. He later twice unsuccessfully contested Liberal and Country League preselection for state seats: in 1944 for Central District No. 2 in the Legislative Council, and in 1947 for the House of Assembly seat of Torrens.

</doc>
<doc id="6973656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973656" title="Binchou-tan">
Binchou-tan



</doc>
<doc id="6973658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973658" title="Scots MPs">
Scots MPs



</doc>
<doc id="6973660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973660" title="Francisco de Lugo">
Francisco de Lugo

Francisco de Lugo (1580–1652) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian. He briefly taught theology at the Universidad Javeriana in Santa Fe de Bogota, New Kingdom of Granada before moving to Mexico. During his time in America, he wrote several works which were published upon his return to Spain.
Biography.
Born in Madrid, Francisco de Lugo was the elder brother of Cardinal John de Lugo, and, like him, a distinguished member of the Society of Jesus, which he entered at the novitiate of Salamanca in 1600.
In answer to his request for the foreign missions, he was sent to New Kingdom of Granada in 1619, where, quite apart from any desire of his own, he was appointed to teach theology at the Universidad Javeriana. In 1623, he was sent to Mexico. Being recalled to Spain, he sailed in company with others under the protection of the Spanish fleet; but during the voyage the Spanish encountered the Dutch, and in the ensuing struggle, de Lugo, although he succeeded in saving his life, could not save the greater part of his commentary on the entire "Summa" of St. Thomas. He subsequently taught both philosophy and theology in Spain, was a censor of books, and theologian to the general of the Society of Jesus in Rome.
Having been twice rector of the College of Valladolid, he died in Valladolid on 17 September 1652 with the reputation of being a fine theologian and a holy and humble man.

</doc>
<doc id="6973662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973662" title="Cardinal John de Lugo">
Cardinal John de Lugo



</doc>
<doc id="6973663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973663" title="Dražen Mužinić">
Dražen Mužinić

Dražen Mužinić (born 25 January 1953) is a Croatian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Mužinić spent most of his career in his native Yugoslavia. With Hajduk Split he won four league titles, five cups and he was capped by his country 32 times. He was named the Yugoslav Footballer of the Year in 1977.
Club career.
Norwich City manager John Bond signed him in 1980, paying what was then a club record £300,000 for his services. However, his time at Norwich was not a success. He struggled for form and did not speak English, making communication at times impossible. At one match, Bond employed the services of an interpreter from the University of East Anglia to pass on instructions to Mužinić from the touchline.
Mužinić made just 23 appearances for Norwich, 17 starts and 6 substitute appearances. He did not score a goal for the club. He made his debut on 13 September 1980 and his final appearance for the club came on 28 December 1982. By then, Bond had left the club to manage Manchester City and his successor Ken Brown cancelled the player's contract at the end of the 1981–82 season. Bond admitted that he had not seen Mužinić play and had signed him on reputation, leading then-Norwich player Justin Fashanu to say "I don't think we got Mužinić, I reckon they sent his milkman."
International career.
Mužinić made his debut for Yugoslavia in an April 1974 friendly match against the Soviet Union and earned a total of 32 caps, scoring 1 goal. He represented them at the 1974 World Cup and Euro 1976. His final international was an October 1979 European Championship qualification match away against Spain.
After football.
In his 2002 updated edition of "Canary Citizens", Mike Davage reported that Mužinić has been running a restaurant in Brač. He has also worked as a scout for his former club Hajduk Split.

</doc>
<doc id="6973665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973665" title="Antoni Ramallets Simon">
Antoni Ramallets Simon



</doc>
<doc id="6973667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973667" title="British 145 Brigade">
British 145 Brigade



</doc>
<doc id="6973671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973671" title="Le Journal Inattendu">
Le Journal Inattendu



</doc>
<doc id="6973672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973672" title="Anton Malatinsky">
Anton Malatinsky



</doc>
<doc id="6973674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973674" title="Arturo Garcia">
Arturo Garcia



</doc>
<doc id="6973675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973675" title="LeftLion">
LeftLion

LeftLion is a monthly arts and culture magazine and website based in Nottingham, England. The publication takes its name from a stone statue in Nottingham's Old Market Square, also known colloquially as 'the left lion', which has served as a meeting point for city residents since Nottingham Council House was built in 1929.
Originating in 2003 as a website with a focus on alternative culture, the magazine tends to be written in an informal or colloquial style, often including elements of Nottingham dialect.
Overview and history.
Established as a website in autumn 2003 by three childhood friends, Jared Wilson, Alan Gilby and Tim Bates, the first issue of the printed LeftLion magazine was published in 2004. For the next ten years, the printed magazine was published bi-monthly.
Following a successful crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter, LeftLion began to be published on a monthly basis in 2014, from which time it has continued to be a monthly publication, distributed via venues, public buildings and businesses in Nottingham and Nottinghamshire. Monthly issues are often loosely themed; past themes have included the climate crisis, well-being and transhumanism.
The online magazine, which is operated concurrently to the magazine and shares many of the same articles, is updated daily. Both the website and printed magazine contain listings of upcoming events in and around the city of Nottingham.
Contributors.
Written and visual content in LeftLion is generally provided by a range of creatives who largely live within or have connections to the city of Nottingham, a majority of whom contribute on a voluntary basis. Past contributors have included actor Paul Kaye, musician Miles Hunt, author Nicola Monaghan, and poet and producer Henry Normal. Nadia Whittome, the MP for Nottingham East, writes a monthly column in the magazine.
The magazine is currently edited by Sophie Gargett and assistant edited by Caradoc Gayer. Previous editors have included George White, Bridie Squires, Alison Emm, Al Needham, and Jared Wilson. The magazine's artistic team is run by Alan Gilby and Natalie Owen.
Interviewees.
As well as engaging with local creatives and people of interest, LeftLion has often interviewed prominent national and international figures. These include: actors Bella Ramsey, Tom Blyth and Juliette Lewis; comedians Bill Bailey, Noel Fielding, Alexei Sayle, Richard Herring and Ed Byrne; musicians Public Enemy, The Prodigy, Roots Manuva, Dizzee Rascal, Sleaford Mods, Jake Bugg, Jorja Smith and Klaxons; magician Derren Brown; writers Alan Moore, Gary Younge, Alan Sillitoe, Alice Oswald and Jon McGregor; fashion designer Paul Smith; poets Andrew Motion, Benjamin Zephaniah and Henry Normal; directors Shane Meadows and Jonathan Glazer; cricket player Alex Hales; and The Sheriff of Nottingham.
LeftLion was the last publication to interview Nottingham author Alan Sillitoe and journalist Ray Gosling.
Awards and press.
In late 2006 and 2007, "LeftLion" was nominated for a series of awards including Best Free Music Magazine by Record of the Day, Ambassadors of Nottingham by BBC Radio Nottingham. The "Nottingham Evening Post" referred to them as "the high priests of Nottingham culture".
In 2009, LeftLion won the 'Writing and Publishing' award at the Nottingham Creative Business Awards, in a ceremony held at the Nottingham Council House on 7 October 2009. They were also runners-up for the award of Creative Business of the Year.
In 2012 The Guardian cited LeftLion as being partially responsible for an "artistic boom" in Nottingham in an interview with Game of Thrones actor Joe Dempsie who also said that the magazine "played a massive part in Nottingham's sense of creative identity."
In 2013, the publication celebrated its tenth anniversary with BBC's "East Midlands Today" running a feature interview, and BBC Online running a photo gallery.
In 2018 LeftLion celebrated their fifteenth birthday by releasing their 100th printed issue and then a book titled LeftLion: 100 Covers, which gathered together the cover artwork from their back catalogue.
In August 2023, LeftLion released their 20th anniversary issue, which featured several highlights of the magazine's first two decades.
Events.
In addition to producing written content, videos and podcasts, LeftLion frequently sponsors and runs live cultural events in Nottingham. During 2006 LeftLion worked with "A Drop In The Ocean", a citywide music festival that raised £27,200 for charity.
Musical acts and artists that have played at LeftLion events include Liam Bailey, Jake Bugg, Thepetebox, Natalie Duncan, Amusement Parks on Fire, Thepetebox, Lightspeed Champion, Love Ends Disaster!, Bent and Crazy Penis.

</doc>
<doc id="6973677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973677" title="Pub with no beer">
Pub with no beer



</doc>
<doc id="6973679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973679" title="Under-Slung Grenade Launcher">
Under-Slung Grenade Launcher



</doc>
<doc id="6973680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973680" title="Richard E. Hoagland">
Richard E. Hoagland

Richard Eugene Hoagland (born 1950, Fort Wayne, Indiana) is a career ambassador in the United States Department of State. He was Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary in State's Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs from 2013-2015. In the summer of 2016, based at the U.S. Embassy in Amman, Jordan, he was the senior U.S. liaison to the Russian Reconciliation Center at the Russian military base in Latakia, Syria. In 2017 he served as interim U.S. co-chair of the OSCE Minsk Group, the group appointed by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe to coordinate international peace-making efforts on the conflict in Nagorno-Karabakh.
Early life and education.
Born in Fort Wayne, Indiana Hoagland earned a graduate degree from the University of Virginia and a certificate in French from the University of Grenoble. He was an African literature professor at the University of Virginia and taught English in Zaire before he joined the foreign service.
Career.
As a member of the Senior Foreign Service (Minister-Counselor), Ambassador Hoagland's earlier assignments included Director of the Office of Public Diplomacy in the South Asia Bureau of the State Department (1999-2001) where his additional portfolio was Special Adviser to the National Security Council for public diplomacy on Afghanistan. His foreign assignments have included Russia (where he was Press Spokesman for the U.S. Embassy), Uzbekistan, and Pakistan twice—the first time (1986-1989) working with the Afghan Resistance during the Soviet-Afghan War. 
He also served in the State Department's Bureau of Intelligence and Research where he was the lead analyst for Afghanistan (1989-1991). Subsequently, because of his expertise on Afghanistan, he was U.S. Deputy Special Envoy for Afghanistan (1991-1992). During the course of his career, he has received multiple State Department Meritorious and Superior Honor Awards, as well as Presidential Performance Awards.
Ambassadorships.
Ambassador Hoagland was Director of the Office of Caucasus and Central Asian Affairs in the Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, Department of State from June 2001-July 2003. In that position, he wrote and negotiated four of the key bilateral documents defining the Central Asian states' enhanced relationship with the United States. After September 11 2001, he initiated regular U.S.- Russia consultations in response to the mandate by Presidents Bush and Putin that the two governments work together to increase their collaboration and transparency in Central Asia and the Caucasus. In July 2002, this consultative group became part of the ongoing U.S.-Russia Counterterrorism Working Group.
Tajikistan.
He later served as the Ambassador to Tajikistan 2003–06, and as the Chargé d'affaires to Turkmenistan July 2007-July 2008. He then became the U.S. Ambassador to Kazakhstan from 2008 to January 2011. 
Pakistan.
From January 2011 to October 2013, he was the United States Deputy Ambassador to Pakistan, a title rarely used by State, but which has been used in other countries where the U.S. has a difficult diplomatic mission (notably in Embassy of the United States, Kabul and in the structure of the U.S. mission to South Vietnam in the 1960s). The title Deputy Ambassador carries more political responsibility and weight than the more common title of Deputy Chief of Mission.
Nomination for Ambassadorship to Armenia.
Ambassador Hoagland was nominated for the United States ambassadorship to Armenia on May 23, 2006. His predecessor John Marshall Evans was recalled from his position in May 2006 after publicly speaking about the Armenian genocide. 
On August 1, 2006, the Armenian Assembly of America announced that Senate Foreign Relations Committee Ranking Member Joe Biden together with Senator John Kerry requested a hold on Hoagland's nomination, claiming that he hoped the Administration "will find a way to acknowledge the Armenian Genocide." On September 12 2006, New Jersey Senator Bob Menendez issued a hold on the confirmation vote for Hoagland, stating that "if the Bush Administration continues to refuse to acknowledge the atrocities of the Armenian Genocide, then there is certainly cause for great alarm, which is why I am placing a hold on this nominee."
With the new congress in January 2007, the stalled nomination had expired, and on January 9, 2007, Richard Hoagland was renominated as ambassador to Armenia.
The nomination was withdrawn by the White House on August 3, 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6973683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973683" title="League cup finals">
League cup finals



</doc>
<doc id="6973688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973688" title="Talent education">
Talent education



</doc>
<doc id="6973694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973694" title="Patricia (1958 song)">
Patricia (1958 song)



</doc>
<doc id="6973696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973696" title="Glenn Grøtheim">
Glenn Grøtheim

Glenn Frode Grøtheim (born 2 September 1959) is a Norwegian bridge player, WBF World Grand Master, winner of the 2007 Bermuda Bowl and a regular member of the Norwegian team since 1987.
In 1980, at the age of just 21, he won a gold medal with the Norwegian team at the European Junior Teams in Tel Aviv. Two third-place finishes in 1982 and 1984 followed. In 1987, partnering Ulf Tundal, he debuted as a member of Norwegian open team in the European Teams Championship in Brighton, finishing third. In 1993, Norway again won the bronze medal in the European Teams Championship in Menton, France. Later the same year they reached the final of Bermuda Bowl in Santiago de Chile, where they lost to the young Dutch team. In 1997, they again won the European bronze medal, and lost to France in the Bermuda Bowl semifinals, held in Tunis, ending up third by beating the United States for the bronze. The same team earned the European silver medal in the Tenerife in 2001 ending behind Italy, and later lost the Bermuda Bowl final in Paris to the United States. Another European bronze medal followed in 2002. In 2007 the team won the Bermuda Bowl, by beating the United States in the final.
He has been a Norwegian champion 16 times, and was ranked fifth on the Norwegian master point ranking in 2006. After playing with Ulf Tundal and Geir Helgemo, he gained most of his successes with Terje Aa from 1993 to 2006 before rejoining Tundal.
He is also a frequent contributor to Scandinavian bridge magazines. He lives just outside Trondheim, Norway, with his wife and two sons where he is an electrical engineer.
He and his partners have regularly employed a Precision-based relay system, about which he has written a book; the English edition, with Alan Sontag, is titled "The Viking Precision Club - A Relay System for the 21st Century".

</doc>
<doc id="6973697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973697" title="Hatch marks">
Hatch marks



</doc>
<doc id="6973699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973699" title="And God Created Woman (1988 film)">
And God Created Woman (1988 film)

And God Created Woman is a 1988 American comedy-drama film directed by Roger Vadim in his final theatrical release and starring Rebecca De Mornay, Vincent Spano and Frank Langella. It has the same title as the 1956 French film "Et Dieu… créa la femme" ("And God created woman") starring Brigitte Bardot, also directed by Vadim, but has a completely different story.
Plot.
Robin Shea is a convict in a New Mexico prison. She manages to escape, but mistakenly hitches a ride in the limo of James Tiernan, a politician who was visiting the prison as part of his campaign for governor. He returns her to the prison in secret. While changing back into prison clothes, Robin meets Billy Moran, a carpenter and handyman who is doing work in the compound under supervision that is supposed to keep him isolated from the female inmates. Billy helps Robin temporarily hide from the guards, and they have sex.
Robin learns who James Tiernan is from a political ad on television where he talks about his strong stance on prison issues. She manages to call him at his campaign headquarters, asking for help on her upcoming parole hearing. James gives her advice, one suggestion of which is that she get married. Robin approaches Billy, offering him five thousand dollars to marry her for a year so she can get out of prison. Billy accepts, they are married and Robin is released not long after.
Robin moves in with Billy, who also lives with his brother Peter and Billy's son Timmy. Initially there is a clash of personalities due to the contrast between Billy's serious demeanor and Robin's wild-child nature. Billy is interested in having a real relationship with Robin, who instead insists that it's just an arrangement, and that she wants to focus on her musical career. Robin starts up a band, which Peter joins, and also meets up again with James, who uses Robin as a poster child for successful prison reform on his campaign.
Robin spends more time with the family, getting close to Peter and Timmy, which upsets Billy. Robin suggests they see other people, which Billy accepts. Billy has sex with another woman, while Robin has sex with James, who is married. Afterward the pair confront each other jealously over their being with other people.
The next morning Robin reconciles with Billy, helping him out when his jeep breaks down and spending time with him at work restoring an old museum. They have sex in Billy's workshop, and are interrupted by a group of tourists, who take pictures of the pair. At first Robin's public indecency is hushed up due to her status as James' poster child for giving convicts second chances, but when James sees the pictures he is jealous, and orders that Robin's parole be revoked. The police come for Robin when she is performing with her band at a bar. Robin flees to James' house for help, but he turns her away. Robin goes back to Billy's house, where he has packed up her things and prepared money for her. Billy promises to help her no matter what she wants to do, and Robin decides she is tired of running.
Billy and Robin secretly crash James' political dinner. Robin takes to the stage with her band, praising James' assistance in "helping" her. Her passionate performance earns them a standing ovation, which in turn helps James' image. James agrees to help Robin, and she no longer has to go back to prison. James goes on to win the election and Robin and Billy return home together, happily married.
Production.
Vadim announced his plan to make a new version of "And God Created Woman" in 1983 along with producers George Braunstein and Ron Hamady. Vadim:
Friends suggested that I remake the film. I was curious to see how Juliette (the main character in the 1956 film) would have changed and not changed in 1983. In 1956, Frenchwomen were presenting the image of a new, modern kind of female. Today, the newest prototypes are coming from America. The other reason for remaking 'And God Created Woman' is because the story itself is good. The basic situation involves a young woman whose amoral escapades make her an outsider, the pink wold in the herd. The 1950s, with its restrictive morality, was the perfect time to make the film. In the 1980s we are back in a similar era and will have the girl confronted by the Moral Majority, which is still a good proportion of this country.
Vadim announced he and producers would undertake a nationwide talent quest to discover a 19-20 year old to star. RJ Stewart was reported as writing on a script with Diane Lane mentioned as a leading contender for the star role.
Vadim selected Rebecca De Mornay to play the lead. "He wasn't the kind of man I expected to meet," recalled the actor. "I found him very funny and warm. He makes me feel secure and I feel like I can trust him not to turn this into an exploitation film." Rebecca De Mornay had seen the original movie when she was younger. She said during filming that:
In some ways I'm sorry they're even using the same title. Our story has nothing to do with the first film. It's entirely different. This is an American love story set in New Mexico. But of course it was on the strength of the title that Vadim was able to promote interest in the project.
Roger Vadim stated during filming:
What is important for me here is once again to tell the story of a sexy, funny and somewhat outrageous young woman within a social context. That's why, even though practically everything about the original has been changed and I don't consider this in any sense a remake, I feel justified in using the title... Santa Fe in the 80s is not Saint Tropez in the 50s, except perhaps in the sense that there is no gap between the classes. Rich people, artists, blue collar and Indian - different parts of the society mix together, which was true of St Tropez before it became the circus it is now. And, more important, in the last 30 years women have won many freedoms - social freedom, professional freedom, sexual freedom. Robin, the girl in the film, claims all these freedoms - in a way that's cerebral, she's aware of her personality, while Bardot behaved totally instinctively.
Production took place in New Mexico, including parts of the New Mexico State Penitentiary, Santa Fe Plaza, Randall Davey Museum, Pecos National Historical Park, and the New Mexico Museum of Art. A local film critic wrote of the resulting production, "Just sit back and savor the many inside jokes and references that only locals will fully appreciate. ... To bestow credit where it is due, "And God Created Woman" gives Santa Fe the most luxuriant exposure it has ever received on the screen. Vadim's original version turned St. Tropez on the French Riviera into one of the world's hottest tourist Meccas. The new version won't cause as big a splash, but a smart travel agent could make a few quick bucks instituting a behind-the-scenes Woman tour."
Reception.
The movie received poor reviews.
According to critic Roger Ebert, the two films shared little except a title and a director, writing "Is this the first time a title has been remade, instead of a movie?". He gives the movie two stars out of four, praising the performances of De Mornay and Spano and concluding "You have to put the plot on hold, overlook the contrivances of the last half hour and find a way to admire how De Mornay plays the big scene, even while despising the scene itself. If you can do that, you’ll find good work here."
De Mornay was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress, where she lost to Liza Minnelli for both "" and "Rent-a-Cop".

</doc>
<doc id="6973701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973701" title="Affective bias">
Affective bias



</doc>
<doc id="6973705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973705" title="Hengrave Hall">
Hengrave Hall

Hengrave Hall is a Grade I listed Tudor manor house in Hengrave near Bury St. Edmunds in Suffolk, England and was the seat of the Kitson and Gage families 1525–1887. Both families were Roman Catholic recusants.
Architecture.
Work on the house was begun in 1525 by Thomas Kitson, a London merchant and member of the Mercers Company, who completed it in 1538. The house is one of the last examples of a house built around an enclosed courtyard with a great hall. It is constructed from stone taken from Ixworth Priory (dissolved in 1536) and white bricks baked at Woolpit. The house is notable for an ornate oriel window incorporating the royal arms of Henry VIII, the Kitson arms and the arms of the wife and daughters of Sir Thomas Kitson the Younger (Kitson quartered with Paget; Kitson quartered with Cornwallis; Kitson quartered with Darcy; Kitson quartered with Cavendish). The house is embattled, and in the great hall there is an oriel window with fan vaulting by John Wastell, the architect of the chapels at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge.
The chapel contains 21 lights of Flemish glass commissioned by Kitson and installed in 1538, depicting salvation history from the creation of the world to the Last Judgement. This is the only collection of pre-Reformation glass that has remained "in situ" in a domestic chapel anywhere in England. In the dining room is a Jacobean symbolic painting over the fireplace that defies interpretation, bearing the legend "'obsta principiis, post fumum flamma"' ('Resist the first beginnings; after the smoke comes flame'). Also in the Banquet Hall of the house is a window with the coat of arms of George Washington, quartered with that of Lawrence. One of Sir Thomas Kitson's daughters married into the Washington family.
The house was altered by the Gage family in 1775. The outer court and the east wing were demolished, and the moat was filled in. Alterations on the front of the house were begun but never completed, and Sir John Wood attempted to restore the interior of the house to its original Tudor appearance in 1899. He rebuilt the east wing and re-panelled most of the house in oak. One room, the Oriel Chamber, retains its original seventeenth-century paneling, in which is embedded a portrait of James II painted by William Wissing in 1675. It is thought that some of the original panelling found its way to the Gage's townhouse in Bury St. Edmunds, now the Farmers' Club in Northgate Street. The ornate windows and mouldings at the front of the building feature on the coverpiece on the Suffolk edition of Pevsner's "Buildings of England".
Connections.
On 5 July 1553 Mary I stopped briefly at Hengrave Hall on her way to Framlingham Castle, the home of Margaret Bourchier, née Donnington, Countess of Bath, widow of Sir Thomas Kitson and Sir Richard Long, and her third husband John Bourchier, Earl of Bath, who were loyal supporters of the Queen. (The Queen's father Henry VIII was godfather to Margaret's son Henry Long from her 2nd marriage. Elizabeth I stayed at Hengrave from 27 to 30 August 1578 and a chamber is named in her honour. The madrigalist John Wilbye was employed by the Kitsons at Hengrave and in London, as was the composer Edward Johnson.
During the Stour Valley anti-popery riots of 1642, Sir William Spring, Penelope Darcy's cousin, was ordered by Parliament to search the house, where it was thought arms for a Catholic insurrection were being stored. The Jesuit William Wright was arrested at Hengrave Hall.
King James II visited Hengrave throughout the 1670s and attended the wedding of William Gage and Charlotte Bond in 1670. The lawyer and antiquarian John Gage was the brother of William Gage, 7th Baronet, and wrote 'The History and Antiquities of Hengrave in Suffolk' in 1822. It is said that the greengage was named after a tree first grown in England at Hengrave, but the tree was actually named after the Viscounts Gage of Firle, Sussex who were cousins of the Hengrave Gages.
Owners.
When Sir Thomas Kitson died on 11 September 1540, he left Hengrave and all his other property to his wife, Dame Margaret (née Donnington). With her he had a posthumous son, afterwards Sir Thomas Kitson, and four daughters, Katherine, Dorothy, Frances and Anne. Just two months after her first husband's death, Dame Margaret married Sir Richard Long (c.1494-1546) of Shengay, Gentleman of the Privy Chamber to Henry VIII. The marriage settlement of Dame Margaret and her third husband, John Bourchier, 2nd Earl of Bath, in 1548, gave her complete control over the extensive personal property she brought into their marriage, including the right to devise it by will should she predecease him. 
The posthumous son, Sir Thomas Kitson, married in 1557 but she died in 1558 and he married Elizabeth who arrived with a £600 dowry and the training necessary to be the household manager of Hengrave Hall. Lady Elizabeth and her husband were keen on music and employed resident musicians Edward Johnson and the madrigalist John Wilbye in addition to creating collections of instruments and music.
Hengrave eventually passed down the female Kitson line, and on the death of Elizabeth Kitson in 1628 the music collections and the house was inherited by her daughter Mary Kitson, who had married Thomas Darcy, 1st Earl Rivers. Her granddaughter Penelope Darcy's married Sir John Gage, 1st Baronet, but the house remained her property. She married again in 1642 to Sir William Hervey. The house became home to a wide range of catholic relatives as there was a lot of anti-catholic hatred. Riots had attacked properties in the south and the family had been fined £20 a month for not attending church. Penelope passed the house not to her first husband's heir but their third son Sir Edward Gage, 1st Baronet who became a baronet.
The house was used as a refuge by the English Augustinian Canonesses of Bruges from 1794 to 1802, led by their Prioress Mother Mary More. The Canonesses ran a school. In 1887, on the death of Lady Henrietta Gage, the house was bought by John Lysaght, one of the founders of the Australian steel industry. In 1895 it was bought by Sir John Wood, and on his death sold to the Religious of the Assumption, who ran a convent school until 1974.
On 14 September 1974 the Assumptionists founded the ecumenical Hengrave Community of Reconciliation, originally a group of families of different Christian denominations. Later, the Community came to consist of long-term members, who remained in the Community for up to seven years, and short-term members, many of whom came from countries in Central and Eastern Europe for periods ranging from one year to three months. Although strongly inspired by other ecumenical communities like Taizé and the Iona Community, the Hengrave Community had a distinctive character owing to the Sisters' continued presence. The Hengrave Community was dissolved in September 2005, closing its Christian and conference centre at the site, after failing to fund £250,000 for improvements. The current owner of the hall is David Harris who has submitted plans to convert the existing building into private housing. It is currently used for wedding receptions and other functions.

</doc>
<doc id="6973713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973713" title="Glenn Groetheim">
Glenn Groetheim



</doc>
<doc id="6973715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973715" title="Aristides Rojas">
Aristides Rojas



</doc>
<doc id="6973716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973716" title="Deaf School">
Deaf School

Deaf School is an English art rock/new wave band, formed in Liverpool, England, in January 1974.
Overview.
Between 1976 and 1978, the year in which they split up, Deaf School recorded three albums for the Warner Brothers label. The first album's art rock style had roots in cabaret, and later releases moved towards a harder punk rock sound. Deaf School have been recognized as an important influence on many British musicians. According to Frankie Goes to Hollywood singer Holly Johnson: "They revived Liverpool music for a generation." The journalist, author and founder of "Mojo", Paul Du Noyer, went further: "In the whole history of Liverpool music two bands matter most, one is The Beatles and the other is Deaf School."
Nearly all the group's members went on to enjoy successful careers, notably guitarist Clive Langer, who produced Madness and Dexys Midnight Runners, two non-Liverpool acts which cite Deaf School as an influence. Langer also co-wrote (with Elvis Costello) the song "Shipbuilding".
History.
Formed by students and staff at Liverpool Art College, Deaf School were named after its rehearsal venue, a former school for the deaf that had become a college annexe. Their initial aim was to play the college's 1973 Christmas dance. The group's lead male vocalist, Enrico Cadillac Jnr recalls that "Anyone who wanted to be in it could be. There were about 13 on stage at that time. No one could play – it was based on people we thought were interesting . . we entered (and) . . won the "Melody Maker" rock and folk contest and were suddenly a big deal. We signed to Warners because their A&amp;R guy, Derek Taylor, had been The Beatles publicist and when he saw us rehearsing in Mathew Street, he cried his eyes out".
The informal early line-up was gradually whittled down, though live shows were still chaotic and colourful, marked by their diversity of costumes and instrumentation, with strong elements of performance art. Deaf School's debut album, "2nd Honeymoon", was released in the UK in August 1976, and the band was officially a nonet: vocalists Bette Bright, Enrico Cadillac Jnr and Eric Shark; guitarists Clive Langer and Paul Pilnick; keyboardist Rev. Max Ripple; sax player Ian Richie; bassist Steve "Mr. Average" Lindsey; and drummer Tim Whittaker. 
Pilnick dropped out of the band as the album was being completed, but is still pictured with the group on the debut album and listed as a band member. The album's reception at the time was muted by the sudden popularity of punk rock, a style whose anger and urgency seemed at odds with Deaf School's more whimsical and eclectic approach. The band itself -- now an octet -- appeared to address this problem on subsequent albums "Don’t Stop The World" (1977) and "English Boys/Working Girls" (1978), which were more aggressive and focused. Despite some lavish promotion by Warner Brothers and their continued popularity as a live act, Deaf School did not achieve significant chart success. In 1977, their first two albums were re-packaged together for the US market, and several American dates were played in support, but no commercial breakthrough was made. By mutual consent Deaf School left Warner Brothers in 1978 and pursued separate careers.
On disbanding, several members continued working in the music industry. Singer Bette Bright led her own band The Illuminations (and married the lead singer of Madness, Suggs). Clive Langer became one of the foremost record producers of the 1980s and 1990s, working with Madness, Morrissey, David Bowie, Dexys Midnight Runners and Bush amongst others. Bassist Steve Lindsey formed The Planets, scoring a "Top of the Pops" appearance with his song "Lines". Enrico Cadillac Jnr (real name Steve Allen) joined Ian Broudie (former member of Big in Japan) to form the Original Mirrors who released two albums. Allen later formed The Perils of Plastic with former Attractions keyboard player Steve Nieve, before going onto a successful pan-European solo career, later taking on the management of Espiritu as well as an A&amp;R post with Warner Bros. Records from 1993 to 2004. Ian Ritchie became a prolific composer, producer and session player. Eric Shark went on to work with Geoff Davies and set up Probe Plus, responsible for Half Man Half Biscuit amongst others.
In 1988, most former Deaf School members reunited for live dates, with one of their Liverpool performances released as a live album, "2nd Coming", produced by Langer and Julian Wheatley. The band swelled to a ten-piece, with returning members Bright, Cadillac, Langer, Linsdey, Ripple, and Shark, and new members Reeves Gabrels (Tin Machine, Rubber Rodeo) on guitar, Gary Barnacle and Lee Thompson (Madness) on saxes, and Martin Hughes (Any Trouble) on drums. Ian Ritchie, Tim Whittaker and Paul Pilnick were not involved in the reunion. Nick Lowe was the supporting act at the shows.
Tim Whittaker died in 1996 but ten years later, in May 2006, the remaining members of Deaf School (except Pilnick) reformed for more concerts, culminating in an oversubscribed show in Liverpool for the reopening of the New Picket in the newly formed Independent District on 27 May. In September 2007 Deaf School reunited again and played several live shows including a warm up at The Dublin Castle pub in Camden Town followed by the Manchester Academy and the Carling Academy Liverpool. In December 2007 they played again at the Indigo2 venue at The O2 in London for Madness's aftershow party. Suggs said, "In Madness we’d all listened to Deaf School records. Their first album was a big phenomenon in our lives. In 1975 they played at the Roundhouse in Camden, which was the greatest music venue in the world as far as we were concerned, and I was bowled over by them..". In September 2009 the band did shows at The Dublin Castle and The Garage in London before returning to Liverpool for four sell-out concerts at The Everyman Theatre, and an appearance at The Hope Street Festival. The three Deaf School studio albums were re-mastered and released in September 2009 on Cherry Red's Lemon label.
The full band augmented by ex-Crackout drummer Nicholas Millard, played 'The Deaf School Xmas Bash' shows in December 2009 at the 100 Club in London, and the Liverpool O2 Academy, making it ten live appearances in 2009, a first since the 1970s.
Band member Thomas Sam Davis (aka Eric Shark) died, aged 59, on 7 January 2010, from lung disease. The band played two concerts in Liverpool in April in tribute, featuring guests such as Suggs, Ian Broudie and Kevin Rowland. A new Deaf School single, "The Survivor Song", co-written by Eric Shark appeared the same year,
Deaf School announced nine live dates aka 'The Listen &amp; Learn Tour' in early 2011 including The Garage London and dates in Sheffield, Manchester, Birmingham, Glasgow and Liverpool culminating in two shows in Tokyo. A mini album, entitled "Enrico &amp; Bette xx" was released in 2011 containing five new songs, "You Turn Away", "I Know I Know", "The Enrico Song", "Goodbye To All That" and "Scary Girlfriend".
Deaf School again appeared at The Everyman Theatre Liverpool for two emotionally charged 'Goodbye to the Everyman' shows as part of the refurbishment closure events, and played the Port Eliot festival July 2011.
A history by Paul Du Noyer, "Deaf School: the Non-Stop Pop Art Punk Rock Party", was published in the UK by the Liverpool University Press in October 2013, to mark the 40th anniversary of the band's formation.
In 2013, Gregg Braden joined the band as permanent drummer. Deaf School's next album, "Launderette", was released in Japan on 27 May 2015 by Hyabusa Landings. The album features seven new studio tracks alongside five tracks recorded live at the Floral Pavilion in New Brighton in November 2014, along with a bonus track from 1987 featuring Eric Shark on lead vocals. 
A full-length studio album of new material, entitled "Let's Do This Again Next Week" - Deaf School's first full-length album of completely new material in 39 years - was released in December 2017, featuring new songs written by the band in various formations. Although still a member of the band, tour commitments with Roger Waters (with whom he has collaborated for three decades) meant that Ian Ritchie was unable to contribute to the recordings; the band for the album consisted of Braden, Bright, Cadillac, Langer, Lindsey and Ripple. A short tour in support of the album, featuring the full seven-person lineup of the band (i.e, including Ritchie), followed the same month.
Early Deaf School guitarist Paul Pilnick died in 2021.
In November 2022, Deaf School reformed to play London's 100 Club, followed by shows in Brighton and Liverpool, featuring all the living members of the original line up, with Gregg Braden on drums. The same line up played dates in 2023 and November 2024. Langer, Braden and Ripple also still perform as part of The Clang Group with a new LP and February 2025 dates announced.

</doc>
<doc id="6973718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973718" title="Care for the elderly">
Care for the elderly



</doc>
<doc id="6973720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973720" title="International Darts League">
International Darts League

The Topic International Darts League was a darts tournament held at the Triavium in Nijmegen, Netherlands. Raymond van Barneveld dominated the tournament, held in his home country, winning it on three of the five occasions it was held. Gary Anderson was the final champion, having claimed the title in 2007, when the tournament also became the first major event to witness two nine dart finishes.
Held in May, it was the second leg of the BDO’s Grand Slam title of televised majors, along with the World Darts Trophy, the Winmau World Masters and the Lakeside World Professional Championship.
It began as a tournament for BDO players, but following van Barneveld's move to the PDC, Dutch broadcaster SBS-6 were able to grant five invitations to non-WDF affiliated players for the first time in 2006, in order to maintain interest in the event. The number of invitations was increased to 20 in 2007 as more Dutch players, including Jelle Klaasen and Michael van Gerwen, had moved to the PDC. This was done with the agreement of the Schoofs Management &amp; Events/Maximum Score – the owner and promoter of the tournament.
End of event.
Towards the end of 2007, the chairman of the PDC, Barry Hearn, announced that its players would not be competing in the 2008 International Darts League and World Darts Trophy events. As a result, SBS6 announced they would no longer be broadcasting the event, with their coverage relying heavily on big names such as van Barneveld, which then cast doubts over whether either tournament would go ahead.
The tournament promoters filed a lawsuit against the PDC and SBS6 claiming a contract had been agreed for the PDC players to be involved. The case ended in failure on 21 February 2008, and the International Darts League was indefinitely postponed. The future of the World Darts Trophy was also thrown into doubt as a result of the decision, and both events were confirmed defunct by the failure of an appeal on April 29, 2008.
Format.
The format has changed slightly over the years – the 2006 competition had 8 round-robin groups of 4 players. The top two players in each group qualified for another round-robin phase. Again, the top two players in each group progressed, but this time to the quarter-finals of the knockout stages.
Despite the presence of the PDC players in 2006 and 2007, the tournament was still a WDF/BDO ranking event, with all available points going only to the WDF/BDO players competing.
International Darts League finals.
! rowspan=2 | Year
! rowspan=2 | Champion 
! rowspan=2 | Score
! rowspan=2 | Runner-up 
! colspan=3 | Prize money
! rowspan=2 | Sponsor
! rowspan=2 | Venue
! Total
! Champion
! Runner-up

</doc>
<doc id="6973727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973727" title="University tuition fees">
University tuition fees



</doc>
<doc id="6973734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973734" title="Scottish Parliament election in 2007">
Scottish Parliament election in 2007



</doc>
<doc id="6973739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973739" title="RadCom">
RadCom

RadCom is the monthly magazine published by the Radio Society of Great Britain and is provided to all corporate members of the society. Typically 100 pages, it includes a mixture of news, theory, construction and technical articles of interest to the amateur radio community. "RadCom" is the largest circulation amateur radio-related magazine in the United Kingdom.
History.
From its inception in 1913 until the end of 1924, the official journal of the Radio Society of Great Britain was the independent publication "Wireless World and Radio Review". Due to a change in proprietorship of that magazine, the honour was withdrawn and bestowed instead on "Experimental Wireless and the Wireless Engineer". In July 1925, it was decided by members of the Society's Transmitting and Receiving (T &amp; R) Section to produce its own monthly publication "written by and for the radio amateur". This was entitled "T &amp; R Bulletin". The magazine changed its name to "RSGB Bulletin" in July 1942. In 1968, the name changed again to "Radio Communication", which was abbreviated to "RadCom" in January 1995.
Content and coverage.
As the house journal of the Radio Society of Great Britain, "RadCom" covers all matters directly related to the society. The remaining pages are devoted to a number of regular columns covering topics such as low frequency, amateur television, VHF/UHF, electromagnetic compatibility, radio propagation, contesting, and many other subjects. There are two or three in-depth technical articles per month, plus reviews of new equipment and other features which relate to amateur radio as a whole.
Most of the technical content is provided by RSGB members and invited authors. The society actively solicits technical articles for publication, which are then subject to independent scrutiny by the RSGB Technical Committee. On approval, articles are passed to the Editorial Department for editing prior to insertion into the magazine.
Further reading.
The early history of RadCom and the Radio Society of Great Britain is described in "World At Their Fingertips" by John Clarricoats, G6CL, 

</doc>
<doc id="6973741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973741" title="Global Power">
Global Power



</doc>
<doc id="6973746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973746" title="Mother Mary More">
Mother Mary More

Mary More (1732–1807) was born to Thomas More and Catherine Gifford, in Barnborough, Yorkshire. She is the last lineal descendant of Sir Thomas More. Mother More is known for being the seventh Prioress at the Priory of Nazareth and leading her community through crises during the reign of Joseph II and the French Revolution.
Priory of Nazareth.
More made her first profession at the Priory of Nazareth, Bruges, in 1753. Later, in 1766, she would replace Mother Olivia Darrell as the seventh Prioress of the community. The primary job of a canoness was to provide education. The Priory of Nazareth was like a boarding school and was the female counterpart to the Jesuit College at Saint-Omer.
The convent was politically active throughout the eighteenth century and financially supported Prince Charles Edward Stuart as he tried to reclaim the English Throne in 1745, as well as the Patriots of Brabant against Emperor Joseph II.
First major crisis.
In September 1772, under Emperor Joseph II, the Austrian government enforced the suppression of the Society of Jesus by Pope Clement XIV. This led to the siege of Jesuit colleges by Imperial Commissioners in October of the same year. The Commissioners held the masters and superiors while they gave the lay brothers the option of staying in confinement or leaving the town within twenty-four hours. Many of the lay brothers that chose to leave were granted overnight lodging by Mother More, and left the town the next day. Mother More was, however, “obliged to send away two from other Order who had sought refuge with them with great regret.” In 1781 Joseph II took control of the Carmelites, Carthusians and Poor Clares in Bruges. The convent was, however, exempt from some of his laws because it was also a school. Later, when the Jesuits were ordered to return to England, three were held hostage. Mother More who aided these hostages by supplying them with money, information, and eventually helped them escape back to England. In 1783, Mother More was interrogated for her role in the escape of the three hostages. She was accused of embezzling property of the dissolved colleges. It was not uncommon for nuns in a high position to be accused of mismanagement of their community and its funds. Following the interrogation, the commissioners demanded to see the inventory, but More refused and the commissioners did not return. Later, in 1784, Mother More provided assistance and shelter to members of two other communities, the Penitents and the Nuns of Bethania. “Mother More’s resolute leadership is the reason that the community survived as the only English convent remaining in mainland Europe.”
Crises: 1790-1802.
In November 1790, Bruges was liberated from Imperial forces by the Patriots of Brabant, but it soon fell once again to the Emperor. Joseph II was then succeeded by his brother, Leopold II. Bruges remained under Imperial forces until 1792, when the French Revolutionary Army invaded and seized control. Mother More gave shelter to French refugees, including the “cure of Longuenesse and four Benedictine nuns of Montargis, sister of Lady Jerningham." Mother More relied on protection from General O’Maron, an Irishman serving in the French army.
On Easter Sunday 1793, the Imperial army took back Bruges and a “brief period of calm” ensued. With England and France at war, the nuns were worried and aware that the French might re-take Bruges, so Mother More made sure she and her community were ready to leave. Upon hearing that the French army was indeed coming, the community left the convent, hoping to flee to England. However, upon leaving, the nuns learned the French planned to use the convent as a hospital. This prompted Mother More to send back four nuns to keep possession of the convent. Eventually, the French failed to take the convent and Bruges.
Victory was short lived for Mother More’s community. When the French took Ypres, the nuns were encouraged to flee to the Antwerp convent for nuns from Ghent and leave the older, slower nuns behind. Mother More would not just leave them behind. She gave them the option to leave for Antwerp or to stay. Those who stayed were put under the charge of Sr. Olivia Darrell, the former Prioress.
Exile.
More and the rest of the community that fled traveled for seven days. More had been researching possible places of refuge in England before they had left, but was not immediately successful. During their first few weeks in London, the nuns lodged in various housing throughout the city. The nuns were mainly taken in by relatives of the community. Mother More urged the need for the community to find a “retreat that was discreet, permanent, and secure.”. Eventually, they settled in Hengrave Hall near Bury St. Edmunds in Suffolk, owned by Sir Thomas Gage. Gage’s aunt was a former member of the community who had died in 1772. Gage charged More £60 per year for rent. More was extremely happy with the placement saying, “that the house resembles a convent by having cloisters below and galleries above.” More and the rest of the community began furnishing the estate by making makeshift beds and furniture. The house also did not have direct access to water and the nuns had to take turns carrying water from the horseponds to the house.
Once they were settled in Hengrave, Mother More attempted to get in touch with those who had stayed behind. However, upon realizing they had not gotten to London, she made inquiries and discovered that Bruges was full of French troops and the nuns would be unable to leave or stay in contact. Prior to learning this, More had sent £125 for their safe passage to London, but it never got to them. It was not until a year later that the nuns were able to take up normal office times and were allowed to wear their habits. In order to do so More had to be granted permission by the Archbishop of Canterbury and two members of parliament. The nuns were not allowed to worship openly because Catholicism was not allowed in England, following the rule of Henry VIII.
Beginning in the summer of 1795, with the help of Sir Thomas Gage and the urging of Mother More, Hengrave Hall was renovated in order to complete and improve the chapel and donations began coming in from local citizens. They donated an organ, candlesticks, food, wine, hourglasses, cooking supplies, and money to make or mend their habits. The local people were very generous and regarded the nuns with much respect. Mother More went against the order’s rules about not being allowed to do any work for secular persons in order to pay for necessities and rent, which she believed to be justified. The nuns would embroider and make pincushions. In 1795 they made £50 and in 1796 they were able to increase their wages to £113. As the nuns began to live life normally, the canonesses decided to re-open their school, even though they only had two students.
Mother More was instrumental in organizing the necessities at Hengrave to get life back to being as normal as possible. In January 1796, More traveled to the Quarter Sessions in Bury. There she took the oath, required under the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1791 (31 Geo. 3. c. 32), to set up a school and licensed Catholic chapel. She had previously begun writing to the Vicars in charge of the Diocese of Bruges to ask permission for the sisters that had remained there to travel to England. While the nuns, with the exception of Sr. Olivia Darrell, eventually made their way to Hengrave, some died soon after the trip.
In the years following, pupils of the convent began making their first profession. However, because laws made under the rule of Charles II in 1660 to re-establish the position of the Church of England, government officials inquired about whether the convent had received any new members, which was not allowed. This is another aspect of More’s life as Prioress that is not particularly uncommon around this time. There is evidence of many convents going against the law to continue their teaching and expand their community.
Return to Bruges.
In March 1802, the Peace of Amiens was signed by Napoleon and the British government. This treaty forced the acceptance and toleration of Christianity in France. Now, it was up to Mother More to decide whether or not to return to Bruges or stay at Hengrave Hall. More held a vote to decide and twenty of twenty-five voted to return. “The Bury and Norwich Post announced the nuns' imminent departure with great sadness. Local people would miss 'the courtesy shown to their visitors by the sequestered females and their amiable patroness, Mrs. More'.” On their journey back, no one would allow Mother More to pay for lodging, showing her great respect. Upon returning to Bruges, Mother More and her community were welcomed back with open arms and chants of “long live the Nuns!” Although warmly welcomed, More’s community had to slowly and incrementally regain their status within the new French laws.
Death and legacy.
In her final year, Mother More, “gave herself up to prayer, reading, and needlework, which continued until her hands were too weak to hold the needle.” Mother More received Last Rites on March 5, 1807 and died later that month. (picture- https://francisyoung.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/more-inscription.jpg)
“The convent annals record that 'nature had endowed her with a fine intelligence, capable of grasping great things as well as little ones . . . She was able to adapt herself with ease to every situation, not without that sense of humour common to her race and reminiscent of her illustrious ancestor, St Thomas More.’” Francis Young wrote, “The memory of Mother More and of her community's sometimes mundane but nevertheless heroic struggle to maintain its ancient form of life in the face of persecution and indifference is preserved both at Bruges and Hengrave.”

</doc>
<doc id="6973747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973747" title="John Almeida">
John Almeida

John Almeida (1571 – 24 September 1653) was a Jesuit missionary.
Childhood.
He was born in London. His real surname was Meade, but it was changed to Almeida, because of his Portuguese surroundings. 
He was one of the most conspicuous of the disciples of Joseph of Anchieta, missionary of the colony of Brazil, almost equalling him in the number of his alleged miracles.
At the age ten he was sent, some say by his parents, to Viana do Castelo in Portugal. But he himself writes that he was taken away, in the absence of his parents, by someone he did not know. He was adopted by the family of Benedict de Rocha, with whom, at the age of seventeen, he went to Brazil to engage in mercantile pursuits.
He narrates that on the way out he fell overboard, but was, as he thought, almost miraculously saved. He did not continue in business, as was intended, but began a course of studies at a College of the Society of Jesus. At the age of twenty-one, he became a Jesuit. After one year of noviceship, he was sent to the city of Espírito Santo, where he met Anchieta, whom he adopted as his model.
Work as a priest.
The story of his life there and up to an extreme old age has been compared to an ancient Desert Father. Whatever time could be spared from his active duties was given up to contemplation, to fastings, watchings, disciplines, and other austerities. The sufferings he inflicted on his body seem to have had no effect upon his health, although he continued them almost to the day of his death. Hair shirts, iron chains, and metal plates with sharp points almost covered his entire body.
He was ordained a priest in 1602 and spent many years of wandering through the forests to reclaim the cannibal tribes who lived there. He always journeyed on foot, and no matter how rugged the way or how exhausted his strength he would not permit himself to be carried.
His food was what he gathered as he journeyed from one place to the other. Some who accompanied him on his missions testified under oath that for six or seven years they never say him taste fish or flesh, or lie on a bed, but that he spent most of the night sitting or kneeling at prayer, which was not only protracted, but almost bewildering in the number of devotions he practiced.
Many miracles are ascribed to him, and his prophetic utterances were frequent. Not only did he pass unharmed among the tribes, but he reportedly so won their affection that they did all in their power to prevent him from being taken away from them for other missions.
Death.
He died in the Jesuit College of Rio de Janeiro, having reached the age of eighty-two years, despite his austerities and the privations of his missionary career. The news of his approaching end filled the city with anxiety and concern. "The saint is dying" was heard on all sides.

</doc>
<doc id="6973748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973748" title="Arne Larsen Okland">
Arne Larsen Okland



</doc>
<doc id="6973749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973749" title="Helen Reeves">
Helen Reeves

Dame Helen May Reeves DBE (born 22 August 1945) is a former Chief Executive of Victim Support in the UK. She retired in 2005 after 26 years with the organisation.
She has said that "[W]e believe an entirely new way of thinking about crime is needed – one that recognises the needs of victims of crime as the responsibility of the whole community, rather than leaving people to suffer in silence while we focus our attention on offenders."
She wrote the afterword to "Victims of Crime: A New Deal?"
On 2 November 2004, she received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from Southampton Institute, in recognition of her 'outstanding contribution' to victims' services.

</doc>
<doc id="6973752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973752" title="Hidden Treasures cereal">
Hidden Treasures cereal



</doc>
<doc id="6973754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973754" title="Economic stability">
Economic stability

Economic stability is the absence of excessive fluctuations in the macroeconomy. An economy with fairly constant output growth and low and stable inflation would be considered economically stable. An economy with frequent large recessions, a pronounced business cycle, very high or variable inflation, or frequent financial crises would be considered economically unstable.
Measures.
Real macroeconomic output can be decomposed into a trend and a cyclical part, where the variance of the cyclical series derived from the filtering technique (e.g., the band-pass filter, or the most commonly used Hodrick–Prescott filter) serves as the primary measure of departure from economic stability.
A simple method of decomposition involves regressing real output on the variable "time", or on a polynomial in the time variable, and labeling the predicted levels of output as the trend and the residuals as the cyclical portion. Another approach is to model real output as difference stationary with drift, with the drift component being the trend.
Causes.
Democracy tends to improve economic stability.
Macroeconomic instability can be brought on by the lack of financial stability, as exemplified by the Great Recession which was brought on by the 2008 financial crisis.
Monetarists consider that a highly variable money supply leads to a highly variable output level. Milton Friedman believed that this was a key contributor to the Great Depression of the 1930s.
John Maynard Keynes believed, and subsequent Keynesians believe, that unstable aggregate demand leads to macroeconomic instability, while real business cycle theorists believe that fluctuations in aggregate supply drive business cycles.
Effects.
Economic instability can have a number of negative effects on the overall welfare of people and nations by creating an environment in which economic assets lose value and investment is hindered or stopped. This can lead to unemployment, economic recession, or in extreme cases, a societal collapse.
Stabilization policy.
When a stabilization policy is implemented, it generally involves the use of either monetary policy or fiscal policy. Either of these may be advocated by Keynesian economists. However, they are generally opposed by monetarists and real business cycle theorists. Monetarists believe that well-intentioned countercyclical monetary policy will generally be counterproductive, adding to the existing variability of real output, and real business cycle theorists believe that such policies are misguided because they do not address the underlying causes of fluctuations, which they believe lie on the supply side of the economy. 

</doc>
<doc id="6973761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973761" title="UK income tax">
UK income tax



</doc>
<doc id="6973765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973765" title="Fenners">
Fenners



</doc>
<doc id="6973772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973772" title="River Lostock">
River Lostock

The River Lostock is a river in Lancashire, England.
The source of the Lostock is at the confluence of Slack Brook and Whave's Brook at the entrance to Miller Wood near Withnell Fold.
Slack Brook drains an area around Brindle, having its source close to Thorpe Green just outside the village, whereas Whave's Brook rises near Brimmicroft and runs southwards, almost parallel to the Leeds and Liverpool Canal by Ollerton Fold. Whave's Brook is fed by Laund Brook, running northwards from close to Withnell.
The Lostock continues along the Leeds and Liverpool Canal to Lower Copthurst, where it turns westwards, watering Whittle-le-Woods before turning north by Clayton-le-Woods, then running through the Cuerden Valley Park.
Having been joined by Clayton Brook, draining the village of the same name to the east, the river moves westwards, skirting Lostock Hall, then flows south west, past Farington and through the western suburbs of the town of Leyland, collecting Mill Brook (from Worden Park) and Hollin's Brook (draining Runshaw Moor), before moving west once again towards Croston, where it collects Wymott Brook (emanating from close to Midge Hall) before joining the River Yarrow shortly afterwards.
Etymology.
"Lostock" could primarily be a settlement name (see Lostock Hall) and may, like other similar names in Lancashire, be derived from Old English "hlōse-", meaning "a pig-sty", and "-stoc", "a place, secondary settlement". The name could also be a Brittonic hydronym, derived from "lost", chiefly (perhaps metaphorically) meaning "a tail" (Welsh "llost"). This is suffixed with the nominal suffix "-ǭg". A derivative of the aforementioned "lost", "*lostǭg", perhaps meaning "a beaver" (though note Cornish "lostek", "fox") could also underlie the name.
Water quality.
The Environment Agency measure the water quality of the river systems in England. Each is given an overall ecological status, which may be one of five levels: high, good, moderate, poor and bad. There are several components that are used to determine this, including biological status, which looks at the quantity and varieties of invertebrates, angiosperms and fish. Chemical status, which compares the concentrations of various chemicals against known safe concentrations, is rated good or fail.
The water quality of the River Lostock system was as follows in 2016. Reasons for the quality being less than good include sewage discharge, physical modification of the channel and poor nutrient management of agricultural land.

</doc>
<doc id="6973775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973775" title="Aa, Terje">
Aa, Terje



</doc>
<doc id="6973783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973783" title="Armann Smari Bjornsson">
Armann Smari Bjornsson



</doc>
<doc id="6973784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973784" title="Carmel Mountain Ranch">
Carmel Mountain Ranch



</doc>
<doc id="6973785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973785" title="RTL Matin">
RTL Matin

RTL Matin ("RTL Morning") is the main morning news programme on the French generalist commercial radio network RTL. It goes out on weekdays 7.00-9.00 and weekends 7.00-10.15 and is France's most listened-to news programme.
From what had originally begun as a morning music sequence incorporating regular news bulletins, "RTL Matin" eventually developed into an "all-news" programme as the proportion of time given over to news, comment and background reports gradually grew.
The programme's main presenter since 2014 has been Yves Calvi, who also presents the culture and entertainment review "Laissez-Vous Tenter", which follows between 9.00 and 9.30 each weekday.

</doc>
<doc id="6973787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973787" title="Ariel Lopez">
Ariel Lopez



</doc>
<doc id="6973791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973791" title="Bernard Crowley">
Bernard Crowley



</doc>
<doc id="6973792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973792" title="Ari Freyr Skulason">
Ari Freyr Skulason



</doc>
<doc id="6973793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973793" title="Ritchie Benaud">
Ritchie Benaud



</doc>
<doc id="6973794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973794" title="Paul Seabright">
Paul Seabright

Paul Seabright (born 8 July 1958) is a British professor of economics in the Industrial Economics Institute and Toulouse School of Economics at the University of Toulouse, France.
Education.
Seabright did his undergraduate studies at New College, Oxford, and gained congratulatory first class honours in 1980. He completed his Master of Philosophy in Economics in 1982 and Doctor of Philosophy in Economics in 1988 from the University of Oxford.
Academic and professional career.
Seabright was a Fellow of All Souls College, University of Oxford and of Churchill College, University of Cambridge. He was assistant director of research and a Reader in Economics at the University of Cambridge until 2001. He is a contributor to the "London Review of Books" and is also the chairman of Bruegel's Scientific Council, managing editor of economic policy since 2001 and research fellow of the Center for Economic and Policy Research since 1989.
Seabright has been a consultant to private sector firms, governments and international organisations including the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the World Bank, the European Commission and the United Nations. He has been visiting professor at the Madras Institute of Development Studies in India (1984–85), the Université libre de Bruxelles (1997–98), the College of Europe in Bruges (1998–99), the Universitat Autonoma de Barcelona (2000), and the Ecole Polytechnique near Paris (1998–2003). He is a fellow of the European Economic Association.
Research interests.
Seabright's current research focuses on microeconomic theory, development economics, industrial policy in transition economies, and state aids to industry.

</doc>
<doc id="6973814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973814" title="Snitzel">
Snitzel



</doc>
<doc id="6973815" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973815" title="Avonite">
Avonite

Avonite Surfaces is an acrylic solid surface material brand.

</doc>
<doc id="6973816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973816" title="Serial to ethernet">
Serial to ethernet



</doc>
<doc id="6973829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973829" title="Conker (series)">
Conker (series)

Conker is a series of platform video games created and produced by Rare. It chronicles the events of Conker the Squirrel, an anthropomorphic red squirrel that made his debut as a playable character in "Diddy Kong Racing".
While debuting as a family-friendly series, starting with "Conker's Pocket Tales", it has shifted focus to mature audiences with the release and development of "Conker's Bad Fur Day"; during its development, it was changed to include graphic violence, profanity, and other adult material, which earned the game a Mature rating by the ESRB, with an advisory on its box. A graphically improved but censored version of "Conker's Bad Fur Day", along with new multiplayer modes, was released as "" on June 21, 2005 in North America for the original Xbox. The uncensored "Conker's Bad Fur Day" was released on Rare Replay and "Live &amp; Reloaded" has been made backward compatible with the Xbox One and the Xbox Series X.
Development.
"Conker" was introduced at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in 1997. The game "Conker's Quest" was presented by Rare as a 3D platformer aimed at a young audience for the Nintendo 64. Later the same year, Conker's inclusion in "Diddy Kong Racing" for the Nintendo 64 was confirmed. In early 1998, "Conker's Quest" was renamed "Twelve Tales: Conker 64". In 1999, Conker made his first solo debut in "Conker's Pocket Tales" for the Game Boy Color. 
During development of the "Conker" series, Rareware had struggled to release "Twelve Tales: Conker 64", formerly named "Conker's Quest", citing issues with project management in addition to oversaturation of "Mario 64"-style games in the gaming market at the time, Realizing that "Conker 64" lacked any uniqueness as a platform game, they cancelled "Conker 64" and restarted the project. Multiple delays and a lack of updates led the press to believe that "Twelve Tales" was quietly cancelled.
In 2000, "Twelve Tales: Conker 64" was retooled into "Conker's Bad Fur Day" with a large amount of scatological humour. Conker the Squirrel, who previously appeared as a family-friendly character, was retooled to be a foul-mouthed, fourth-wall breaking alcoholic armed with guns, throwing knives, and a frying pan. After E3, Chris Seavor came on board as designer. The first level, the beehive, added machine guns shooting wasps which Rare found funny and kept going with this idea to be raunchy and different. After two more years of development, the game emerged as "Conker's Bad Fur Day", which targets adults rather than children with its mature content. According to Rare co-founder Chris Stamper: "When people grow up on games, they don't stop playing. There aren't games for people who grew up on the early systems". The game suffered from relatively poor sales, but received a cult following.
After the release of "Conker's Bad Fur Day", Rare began development of a new "Conker" game referred to as "Conker's Other Bad Day". Designer Chris Seavor said that it was to be a direct sequel dealing with "Conker's somewhat unsuccessful tenure as King. He spends all the treasury money on beer, parties and hookers. Thrown into prison, Conker is faced with the prospect of execution and the game starts with his escape, ball and chain attached, from the Castle's highest tower". It was never confirmed which console "Conker's Other Bad Day" was for, but it was likely the Nintendo GameCube as with "Donkey Kong Racing". In 2002, Microsoft purchased Rare from Nintendo, so instead of finishing and releasing the game, Rare remade "Conker's Bad Fur Day" for the Xbox in 2005, renaming it "". It features improved graphics and minor alterations to gameplay, and was also censored. It has a new multiplayer adaptation for Xbox Live. After "Live &amp; Reloaded", Rare started development on "Conker: Gettin' Medieval", an online multiplayer third-person shooter game, but it was ultimately cancelled.
At E3 2014, Conker was announced as a character in "Project Spark". In 2015, Conker returned in a new episodic campaign for "Project Spark". The campaign, titled "Conker's Big Reunion", is set ten years after the events of "Bad Fur Day" and Seavor reprised his voice role. The first episode was released on 23 April the same year for "Project Spark"; however, before any more additional episodes could be made, "Project Spark"s online services were shut down and the game was abandoned. In 2015, "Conker's Bad Fur Day" was included in the "Rare Replay" video game compilation for Xbox One.
In 2016, Microsoft announced "Young Conker" as the next installment into the series, released for the Microsoft HoloLens. The trailer was released in February and was almost universally panned by the public, with many complaining that it lacked the humour and overall style of its predecessors. The trailer received more than 30,000 dislikes against just over 1,000 likes. A petition was created to cancel the game's release but failed. Some video game critics and general YouTube commentators have boycotted the game.
Reception.
Reception for the "Conker" series has been largely focused on the protagonist of the series, Conker the Squirrel, and the critical success of the games "Conker's Bad Fur Day" and "Live and Reloaded". The contrast between Conker's innocent appearance and his coarse behavior has been well-received by the public. Critics have noted that the storylines and variety of characters for "Conker's Bad Fur Day" and "Live and Reloaded" in combination with the crude humour and seemingly innocent graphics are noteworthy appeal to mature audiences. Rare listed Conker as the fifth Rare's video game character who most improved with age.
Jordan Devore of "Destructoid" stated about Conker's appearance in "Project Spark" ("Conker's Big Reunion" DLC) that there "was no getting around the disappointment of seeing a long abandoned (but never forgotten!) character return not in his own adventure, but in a DLC pack for a videogame about making games." Conker's appearance on the Microsoft HoloLens trailer for "Young Conker" received mostly negative reviews. Chris Plante of "The Verge" criticized it and said that "Young Conker doesn't feature the original Conker." Sam Loveridge of "Digital Spy" claimed that the scene of Conker and the bees is "weird."

</doc>
<doc id="6973831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973831" title="Baulus">
Baulus

Baulus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6973844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973844" title="Danny Buijs">
Danny Buijs

Danny Buijs (born 21 June 1982) is a Dutch professional football manager and former player. He is the head coach of club Fortuna Sittard in the Netherlands.
Early life.
Buijs was born in Dordrecht and raised in Alblasserdam. When he was six years old he joined local amateur side VV Alblasserdam where his father and uncle played in the first team, while his grandfather was a staff member. When he was nine years old his VV Alblasserdam team faced Strijen, the team where Geert Meijer's son played. Meijer was assistant manager of Feyenoord in these days and was impressed by Buijs' skills that match and offered him a trial at Feyenoord. The trial was a success and Buijs joined Feyenoord's youth system.
Club career.
Early career.
In total he would play ten years at Varkenoord, Feyenoord's youth complex. His development from team to team went without any trouble and his team featured about seven times in a pre-match in De Kuip. When he reached the A-level status in youth football he played in Feyenoord's A1 team on Saturdays and in Sportclub Feijenoord's (Feyenoord amateur side) team in the Hoofdklasse for about half a season. His time in the A1 team was a successful period and under manager Henk van Stee they became the Dutch national champions twice. They also won all international events they participated in. Buijs was a regular goalscorer, was captain of the team and was able to train with the first team squad every now and then. He also joined the first team squad to friendly matches against amateur sides.
Feyenoord and Excelsior.
When Buijs came closer to his debut in professional football he realised that he was still skilled enough to compete with Brett Emerton for his right back position and he asked the Feyenoord staff whether he could move to Feyenoord's satellite club Excelsior on loan. At first Feyenoord did not want to cooperate as they positioned him in their second team, but 6 months later he eventually was allowed to go. Excelsior played in the Eerste Divisie and were contenders for the title.
On 8 March 2002 Buijs made his professional debut in Excelsior's 3–0 home win over Cambuur Leeuwarden. They did not become the league champions but gained promotion to the Eredivisie through the promotion play-offs at the end of the season. In the Eredivisie he was a first team regular for Excelsior, but they struggled to compete with the other teams and relegated back into the Eerste Divisie straight away. Buijs almost moved to Sparta Rotterdam as Henk van Stee almost became their manager, but when he eventually became Excelsior's new manager he decided to stay and play another year on Eerste Divisie level. That year Excelsior lost the title on the last matchday of the season and they were unable to win promotion through the promotion play-offs as well. Feyenoord wanted to extend his contract, but for the same salary as he already received from his first professional contract. Other teams that showed interest were Vitesse Arnhem, Roda JC and FC Groningen. Eventually he decided to sign a contract with FC Groningen and leave Feyenoord.
FC Groningen.
At FC Groningen he had a successful period. When he came to the club he said in an interview he wanted to achieve European football at his new club. Nobody took his words serious and Martin Drent even asked him if he was nuts. He started as a right back with Kurt Elshot as the right midfielder. This did not turn out to be a success and due to several injuries Buijs eventually became a defensive midfielder and the following season he exclusively played as a right midfielder. In this season FC Groningen qualified for the UEFA Cup in the 2006–07 season. Buijs started that season at FC Groningen, played two Eredivisie matches and his efforts at Groningen earned him a transfer back to his beloved Feyenoord.
Return to Feyenoord.
He had always said that if Feyenoord wanted to have him back he would return there. Buijs had been a member of Het Legioen himself for 10 years and has an intense relationship with the fans at the club. His first season since his return was no success as Feyenoord finished on the seventh position in the Eredivisie and missed out on European football for the first time in many years. Buijs was often criticised in the media, but for the fans he is still one of the most popular players at the club.
ADO Den Haag.
In the summer of 2009, Buijs joined ADO Den Haag, after already being on loan with the team for half a season. He signed a contract for two years. However, ADO Den Haag struggled in the Eredivisie in Bujis first season there and, on 14 April 2010, English Football League Championship side Derby County announced they had agreed a deal to sign Buijs for the start of the 2010–11 season. They pulled out of the deal, however, following the signing of Crewe Alexandra's John Brayford.
Kilmarnock.
On 1 July 2011, Buijs signed a one-year deal with Scottish Premier League club Kilmarnock. Buijs made his debut in a 0–0 draw against Motherwell at Rugby Park on Saturday 30 July 2011. On 18 March, Buijs played in the 2012 Scottish League Cup Final which Kilmarnock won after beating Celtic 1–0. Buijs started the game and was substituted for Lee Johnson after 20 minutes due to an injury.
Sparta Rotterdam.
In the summer of 2012, Buijs signed a one-year deal with Sparta Rotterdam.
Coaching career.
On 1 June 2022, Buijs was hired by Belgian club Mechelen. On 17 October 2022 he was sacked and replaced by assistant Steven Defour. 
Honours.
Feyenoord
Kilmarnock

</doc>
<doc id="6973851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973851" title="Remnant church (Adventist)">
Remnant church (Adventist)



</doc>
<doc id="6973852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973852" title="Sofronitsky">
Sofronitsky



</doc>
<doc id="6973857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973857" title="Pendle Water">
Pendle Water

Pendle Water is a minor river in Lancashire, England. Rising on Pendle Hill, Pendle Water cuts a deep valley between Barley Moor and Spence Hill, where it feeds into the reservoirs of Upper and Lower Ogden. 
Upon exiting the lower reservoir, Pendle Water flows east through the villages of Barley and Roughlee before collecting Blacko Water, which drains the Admergill Valley at Water Meetings near Wheathead, one mile west of the village of Blacko. The river then flows south through Higherford and Barrowford, where it is joined by Colne Water. It collects Walverden Water as it passes the site of Nelson and Colne College. From this point onwards, the river flows west past the Lomeshaye Industrial Estate alongside the Leeds and Liverpool Canal towards its confluence with the River Calder in Reedley Hallows, northwest of Burnley. 
Pendle Water once supplied water to the Burnley Water Treatment Works, which is situated on Wood End Lane.
Flooding incidents.
On Tuesday 8 August 1967, a flash flood caused devastation in the villages of Higherford and Barrowford. There was also severe flooding in 1992 and repeated deluges in 2000. Following the 2000 floods, the Environment Agency faced a £900,000 bill to stop the river washing away the embankment, which supports the M65 near the Reedyford Bridge at Barrowford.
To avoid repeats of these floods, a £5 million flood alleviation scheme in Barrowford was commissioned, and opened in June 2006 by the-then local MP Gordon Prentice. The new flood defences seek to protect up to 500 homes and 18,000m² of industrial premises.
Lomeshaye Marsh.
At Lomeshaye, the construction of the industrial estate and the two sewage treatment works that preceded it has seen the river's course straightened, with part of the old route still supplied with water by Edge End Brook. Since the early 1990s, the site has been regenerated into a wetland, one of only a few in the Pendle Water catchment area. Numerous local organisations, including the Lomeshaye Marsh Preservation Group, worked in conjunction with the Environment Agency to restore the site. 
The site has been declared a local nature reserve and a County Biological Heritage Site in recognition of its ecological value. The local special school, Pendle Community College, was joint winner of the 2009 Ecover Ethical Kids Award for its involvement with the project.

</doc>
<doc id="6973860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973860" title="List of Korean monarchs">
List of Korean monarchs



</doc>
<doc id="6973863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973863" title="List of Rulers of Korea">
List of Rulers of Korea



</doc>
<doc id="6973870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973870" title="John Edward Williams">
John Edward Williams

John Edward Williams (August 29, 1922 – March 3, 1994) was an American author, editor and professor. He was best known for his novels "Butcher's Crossing" (1960), "Stoner" (1965), and "Augustus" (1972), which won a U.S. National Book Award.
Life.
Williams was born in Clarksville, Texas. Shortly thereafter, his family moved to Wichita Falls, Texas, in pursuit of the Texas oil boom. His grandparents were farmers; his father, J.E. Jewell, worked in a feed store. Jewell disappeared in mysterious circumstances when Williams was two years old, and his mother remarried to George Williams, a local shift worker in Wichita Falls. John Williams attended a local junior college for a year but dropped out after failing freshman English, and then worked in media before joining the war effort in early 1942 by enlisting in the United States Army Air Force. He spent two and a half years as a sergeant in India, China, and Burma. During his enlistment in Calcutta, he wrote pages of a novel, which later became "Nothing But the Night", published in 1948 by Swallow Press and later reissued by New York Review Books Classics. 
At the end of the war, Williams moved to Denver, Colorado, and enrolled in the University of Denver, receiving Bachelor of Arts (1949) and Master of Arts (1950) degrees. During his time at the University of Denver, his first two books were published, "Nothing But the Night" (1948), a novel depicting the terror and waywardness resulting from an early traumatic experience, and "The Broken Landscape" (1949), a collection of poetry. Upon completing his MA, Williams enrolled at the University of Missouri, where he taught and worked on his Ph.D. in English literature, which he obtained in 1954. In the fall of 1955, Williams returned to the University of Denver as an assistant professor, becoming director of the creative writing program. His second novel, "Butcher's Crossing" (Macmillan, 1960) depicts frontier life in 1870s Kansas.
In 1963, Williams edited and wrote the introduction for the anthology "English Renaissance Poetry: A Collection of Shorter Poems from Skelton to Jonson" (Doubleday). The publication elicited a backlash from poet and literary critic Yvor Winters who claimed that Williams's anthology overlapped with his canon and the introduction imitated his arguments. The publishers agreed to include an acknowledgement to Winters in the publication.
Williams's second collection of poems, "The Necessary Lie" (1965), was issued by Verb Publications. He was the founding editor of the "University of Denver Quarterly" (later "Denver Quarterly"), which was first issued in 1965. He remained as editor until 1970.
His third novel, "Stoner", detailing the tragic life of a University of Missouri English assistant professor, was published by Viking Press in 1965. It was reissued in 2005 by NYRB Classics to widespread critical acclaim. It was subsequently translated and published throughout Europe and, beginning in 2011, became a bestseller in France, the Netherlands, Italy, Israel, and the UK.
His fourth novel, "Augustus" (Viking, 1972), a rendering of the violent times of Augustus Caesar in Rome, also remains in print. In the year of its release, it shared the National Book Award for Fiction with "Chimera" by John Barth, the first time that the award was split.
Williams retired from the University of Denver in 1985 and died of respiratory failure in 1994 at home in Fayetteville, Arkansas. He was survived by his wife and descendants. A fifth novel, "The Sleep of Reason", was unfinished at the time of his death, but two lengthy excerpts were published in "Ploughshares" and the "Denver Quarterly" in 1981 and 1986, respectively.
Williams loved the study of literature. In a 1986 interview, he was asked, "And literature is written to be entertaining?" to which he replied emphatically, "Absolutely. My God, to read without joy is stupid."
Reception and legacy.
The critic Morris Dickstein has noted that while "Butcher's Crossing", "Stoner", and 'Augustus' are each "strikingly different in subject," they all "show a similar narrative arc: a young man's initiation, vicious male rivalries, subtler tensions between men and women, fathers and daughters, and finally a bleak sense of disappointment, even futility." Dickstein called "Stoner" "something rarer than a great novel—it is a perfect novel, so well told and beautifully written, so deeply moving, it takes your breath away."
In 2018, a biography of Williams written by Charles J. Shields titled "The Man Who Wrote the Perfect Novel: John Williams, Stoner, and the Writing Life" was published by the University of Texas Press.
In a wide-ranging interview with "The Paris Review" in 2019, Williams's widow, Nancy Gardner, discussed his war service, working methods and alcoholism.
Translations.
"Stoner" has been translated into many languages, including Arabic, Croatian, Dutch, French, German, Greek, Hungarian, Italian, Korean, Chinese, Portuguese, Serbian, Spanish and Swedish. The acclaimed novelist Anna Gavalda translated Williams's novel into French, which has contributed to its enthusiastic reception by the French literary establishment.

</doc>
<doc id="6973881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973881" title="Scarcity rent">
Scarcity rent



</doc>
<doc id="6973884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973884" title="Arbitration">
Arbitration

Arbitration is a formal method of dispute resolution involving a third party neutral who makes a binding decision. The neutral third party (the 'arbitrator', 'arbiter' or 'arbitral tribunal') renders the decision in the form of an 'arbitration award'. An arbitration award is legally binding on both sides and enforceable in local courts, unless all parties stipulate that the arbitration process and decision are non-binding.
Arbitration is often used for the resolution of commercial disputes, particularly in the context of international commercial transactions. In certain countries, such as the United States, arbitration is also frequently employed in consumer and employment matters, where arbitration may be mandated by the terms of employment or commercial contracts and may include a waiver of the right to bring a class action claim. Mandatory consumer and employment arbitration should be distinguished from consensual arbitration, particularly commercial arbitration.
There are limited rights of review and appeal of arbitration awards. Arbitration is not the same as judicial proceedings (although in some jurisdictions, court proceedings are sometimes referred as arbitrations), alternative dispute resolution, expert determination, or mediation (a form of settlement negotiation facilitated by a neutral third party).
Advantages and disadvantages.
Parties often seek to resolve disputes through arbitration because of a number of perceived potential advantages over judicial proceedings. Companies often require arbitration with their customers, but prefer the advantages of courts in disputes with competitors. Prevalent advantages of arbitration over litigation involve:
Some of the disadvantages include:
Arbitrability.
By their nature, the subject matter of some disputes is not capable of arbitration. In general, two groups of legal procedures cannot be subjected to arbitration:
Arbitration agreement.
Arbitration agreements are generally divided into two types:
The former is the far more prevalent type of arbitration agreement. Sometimes, legal significance attaches to the type of arbitration agreement. For example, in certain Commonwealth countries (not including England and Wales), it is possible to provide that each party should bear their own costs in a conventional arbitration clause, but not in a submission agreement.
Parties to a non-contractual dispute may enact a submission agreement where the circumstances for an advance agreement to submit to arbitration did not arise, for example in tort cases such as personal injury claims.
In keeping with the informality of the arbitration process, the law is generally keen to uphold the validity of arbitration clauses even when they lack the normal formal language associated with legal contracts. Clauses which have been upheld include:
The courts have also upheld clauses which specify resolution of disputes other than in accordance with a specific legal system. These include provision indicating:
Agreements to refer disputes to arbitration are generally presumed to be separable from the rest of the contract. This means that an issue of validity pertaining to the contract as a whole will not automatically vitiate the validity of the agreement to arbitrate. For example, in disputes on a contract, a common defence is to plead the contract is void and thus any claim based upon it fails. It follows that if a party successfully claims that a contract is void, then each clause contained within the contract, including the arbitration clause, would be void. However, in most countries, the courts have accepted that:
This protects the tribunal's ability to arbitrate beyond termination of the contract. Arguably, it is necessary to ensure that disputes are arbitrated rather than litigated—without such a clause, a dispute arising out of a contract will necessarily be litigated.
Arguably, either position is potentially unfair; if a person is made to sign a contract under duress, and the contract contains an arbitration clause highly favourable to the other party, the dispute may still referred to that arbitration tribunal. Conversely a court may be persuaded that the arbitration agreement itself is void having been signed under duress. However, most courts will be reluctant to interfere with the general rule which does allow for commercial expediency; any other solution (where one first had to go to court to decide whether one had to go to arbitration) would be self-defeating.
Comparative law.
Nations regulate arbitration through a variety of laws. The main body of law applicable to arbitration is normally contained either in the national private international law statute, as is the case in Switzerland's Private International Law Statute (PILA), or in a separate law on arbitration, as is the case in England and Wales, the Republic of Korea and Jordan. In addition to this, a number of national procedural laws may also contain provisions relating to arbitration.
Arbitration law and procedure in Singapore.
Presently, Singapore maintains two distinct frameworks under which contractual disputes can be arbitrated, which differ primarily in regard to the extent to which parties to the proceedings may resort to the courts. Under section 45 of the Arbitration Act 2001, either party or the arbitral tribunal itself may apply to the court to issue a ruling on "any question of law arising in the course of the proceedings which the Court is satisfied substantially affects the rights of one or more of the parties" and under section 49, either party may appeal an arbitral award on any question of law unless the parties have expressly excluded appeals the section. Either action is only permitted with the consent of the other parties or either the arbitral tribunal (for rulings on preliminary points of law) or the Court (with regard to appeals. This is in contrast to the International Arbitration Act 1994, which generally replicates the provisions of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration and provides more restricted access to the courts.
In 2020, the Singapore Academy of Law published a report on the right of appeal in arbitral proceedings evaluating the advantages and disadvantages of the two distinct frameworks, concluding that the existence of appeals enables the development of case law and consequently provides greater certainty for parties to arbitral proceedings. The report identifies the availability of appeals by default under section 69 of England's Arbitration Act 1996 as a factor contributing to the popularity of London as a seat of arbitration in international contract disputes. Consequently, the report recommends amending the International Arbitration Act 1994 to enable parties to opt for a right of appeal in their arbitration agreement, thus enabling the development of case law and providing greater certainty for parties who desire it while maintaining an absence of appeals as the default position in order to cater to parties who desire a completely extrajudicial resolution of contractual disputes.
Uniquely, both the International Arbitration Act 1994 and the Arbitration Act 2001 contain provisions (Part 2A and Part 9A, respectively) explicitly authorising the arbitration of intellectual property disputes regardless of the extent to which the law of Singapore or any other jurisdiction expressly confers jurisdiction upon any designated body. This contrasts with the general approach taken by the majority of other jurisdictions and enables parties to foreign intellectual property disputes to seek resolution offshore without affecting the recognition of intellectual property rights in the jurisdictions in which they are issued.
Arbitration procedures in Italy.
Italy takes a modern and open approach to arbitration, the main law on which is contained in Book IV, Chapter VIII of the Code of Civil Procedure (CCP). A number of provisions take their inspiration from the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration (the UNCITRAL Model Law). The provisions allow for proceedings to be conducted abroad and for the parties to agree to conduct an arbitration in any language. In March 2023, an important further mini-reform of the arbitration law entered into force, intended to remove some last remaining potential issues for foreign parties. In particular, the Italian Council of Ministers, through the recent reform known as "Cartabia", has introduced significant innovations in the field of arbitration by reorganising various institutions of civil procedure. The purpose of the reform, in accordance with the Recovery Plan for Europe, is to simplify and increase the overall efficiency of the Italian legal system. The amendments to the Fourth Book of the Italian Code of Civil Procedure (ICCP) aim to bring the arbitral decision ("lodo arbitrale") as close as possible to the judicial judgment ("sentenza"). In this respect, the reform constitutes the first major change to the Code since 2006, when the Italian system was, for the first time, partially aligned with the UNCITRAL Model Law. However, the last intervention is limited to specific aspects of the arbitral discipline, such as "translatio iudicii", the principle of impartiality and independence of arbitrators, and the power to issue precautionary measures. It also pertains to corporate arbitration, which is now governed by the ICCP.
Arbitration procedures in the United States.
The U.S. Supreme Court has held that the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA) of 1925 established a public policy in favor of arbitration. For the first six decades of its existence, courts did not allow arbitration for "federal statutory claims" through a bright-line "nonarbitrability" doctrine, but in the 1980s the Supreme Court of the United States reversed and began to use the act to require arbitration if included in the contract for federal statutory claims. Although some legal scholars believe that it was originally intended to apply to federal courts only, courts now routinely require arbitration due to the FAA regardless of state statutes or public policy unconscionability determinations by state courts. In consumer law, standard form contracts often include mandatory predispute arbitration clauses which require consumer arbitration. Under these agreements the consumer may waive their right to a lawsuit and a class action. In 2011, one of these clauses was upheld in "AT&amp;T Mobility v. Concepcion".
Several arbitration organizations exist, including the American Arbitration Association and JAMS. The National Arbitration Forum also conducts arbitrations, but it no longer conducts consumer arbitrations pursuant to a consent decree entered into in 2009 because of evidence that it had been biased toward, and had incentives that favored, credit card companies over cardholders. The AAA was also asked to exit the business, but has not done so.
Arbitration procedures in South Korea.
The Korean Arbitration Act is the main law governing arbitration in the Republic of Korea. The official body which resolves disputes via arbitration is the Korean Commercial Arbitration Board. Legal professionals and corporations, in Korea, are increasingly preferring arbitration to litigation. The number of arbitrations, in Korea, is increasing year on year.
Arbitration procedures in North Korea.
According to Michael Hay, a lawyer who specialised in North Korean law, North Korea has an advanced arbitration system even compared to developed countries, and foreign companies face an even playing field in dispute resolution. Arbitration cases could be concluded in as little as six months. According to Hay, North Korea maintains an advanced dispute resolution system in order to facilitate foreign investment.
International.
History.
The United States and Great Britain were pioneers in the use of arbitration to resolve their differences. It was first used in the Jay Treaty of 1795 negotiated by John Jay, and played a major role in the Alabama Claims case of 1872 whereby major tensions regarding British support for the Confederacy during the American Civil War were resolved. At the First International Conference of American States in 1890, a plan for systematic arbitration was developed, but not accepted. The Hague Peace Conference of 1899 saw the major world powers agree to a system of arbitration and the creation of the Permanent Court of Arbitration. 
Arbitration was widely discussed among diplomats and elites in the 1890–1914 era. The 1895 dispute between the United States and Britain over Venezuela was peacefully resolved through arbitration. Both nations realized that a mechanism was desirable to avoid possible future conflicts. The Olney-Pauncefote Treaty of 1897 was a proposed treaty between the United States and Britain in 1897 that required arbitration of major disputes. The treaty was rejected by the U.S. Senate and never went into effect.
Arbitration treaties of 1911–1914.
American President William Howard Taft (1909–1913) was a major advocate of arbitration as a major reform of the Progressive Era. In 1911, Taft and his Secretary of State Philander C. Knox negotiated major treaties with Great Britain and with France providing that differences be arbitrated. Disputes had to be submitted to the Hague Court or other tribunal. These were signed in August 1911 but had to be ratified by a two thirds vote of the Senate. Neither Taft nor Knox consulted with members of the Senate during the negotiating process. By then multiple Republicans were opposed to Taft, and the president felt that lobbying too hard for the treaties might cause their defeat. He made some speeches supporting the treaties in October, but the Senate added amendments Taft could not accept, killing the agreements.
The arbitration issue opens a window on a bitter philosophical dispute among American progressives. Some, led by Taft, looked to legal arbitration as the best alternative to warfare. Taft was a constitutional lawyer who later became Chief Justice; he had a deep understanding of the legal issues. Taft's political base was the conservative business community which largely supported peace movements before 1914. However, his mistake in this case was a failure to mobilize that base. The businessmen believed that economic rivalries were cause of war, and that extensive trade led to an interdependent world that would make war an expensive and useless anachronism.
However, an opposing faction of American progressives, led by ex-president Theodore Roosevelt, ridiculed arbitration as foolhardy idealism, and insisted on the realism of warfare as the only solution to serious disputes. Taft's treaties with France and Britain were killed by Roosevelt, who had broken with his protégé Taft in 1910. They were dueling for control of the Republican Party. Roosevelt worked with his close friend Senator Henry Cabot Lodge to impose those amendments that ruined the goals of the treaties. Lodge thought the treaties impinge too much on senatorial prerogatives. Roosevelt, however, was acting to sabotage Taft's campaign promises. At a deeper level, Roosevelt truly believed that arbitration was a naïve solution and the great issues had to be decided by warfare. The Rooseveltian approach had a near-mystical faith of the ennobling nature of war. It endorsed jingoistic nationalism as opposed to the businessmen's calculation of profit and national interest.
Although no general arbitration treaty was entered into, Taft's administration settled several disputes with Great Britain by peaceful means, often involving arbitration. These included a settlement of the boundary between Maine and New Brunswick, a long-running dispute over seal hunting in the Bering Sea that also involved Japan, and a similar disagreement regarding fishing off Newfoundland.
American Secretary of State William Jennings Bryan (1913–1915) worked energetically to promote international arbitration agreements, but his efforts were frustrated by the outbreak of World War I. Bryan negotiated 28 treaties that promised arbitration of disputes before war broke out between the signatory countries and the United States. He made several attempts to negotiate a treaty with Germany, but ultimately was never able to succeed. The agreements, known officially as "Treaties for the Advancement of Peace", set up procedures for conciliation rather than for arbitration. Arbitration treaties were negotiated after the war, but attracted much less attention than the negotiation mechanism created by the League of Nations.
International agreements.
The major international instrument on arbitration law is the 1958 New York Convention on Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards, usually simply referred to as the "New York Convention". Virtually every significant commercial country is a signatory, and only a handful of countries are not parties to the New York Convention.
Some other relevant international instruments are:
International enforcement.
It is often easier to enforce arbitration awards in a foreign country than court judgments. Under the New York Convention 1958, an award issued in a contracting state can generally be freely enforced in any other contracting state, only subject to certain, limited defenses. Only foreign arbitration awards are enforced pursuant to the New York Convention. An arbitral decision is foreign where the award was made in a state other than the state of recognition or where foreign procedural law was used. In most cases, these disputes are settled with no public record of their existence as the loser complies voluntarily, although in 2014 UNCITRAL promulgated a rule for public disclosure of investor-state disputes.
Virtually every significant commercial country in the world is a party to the Convention while relatively few countries have a comprehensive network for cross-border enforcement of judgments their courts. Additionally, the awards not limited to damages. Whereas typically only monetary judgments by national courts are enforceable in the cross-border context, it is theoretically possible (although unusual in practice) to obtain an enforceable order for specific performance in an arbitration proceeding under the New York Convention.
Article V of the New York Convention provides an exhaustive list of grounds on which enforcement can be challenged. These are generally narrowly construed to uphold the pro-enforcement bias of the Convention.
Government disputes.
Certain international conventions exist in relation to the enforcement of awards against states.
Arbitral tribunal.
The arbitrators who determine the outcome of the dispute are called the arbitral tribunal. The composition of the arbitral tribunal can vary enormously, with either a sole arbitrator sitting, two or more arbitrators, with or without a chairman or umpire, and various other combinations. In most jurisdictions, an arbitrator enjoys immunity from liability for anything done or omitted whilst acting as arbitrator unless the arbitrator acts in bad faith.
Arbitrations are usually divided into two types: "ad hoc" arbitrations and administered (or institutional) arbitrations.
In "ad hoc" arbitrations, the arbitral tribunals are appointed by the parties or by an appointing authority chosen by the parties. After the tribunal has been formed, the appointing authority will normally have no other role and the arbitration will be managed by the tribunal.
In administered arbitration, the arbitration is administered by a professional arbitration institution providing arbitration services, such as the LCIA in London, or the ICC in Paris, or the American Arbitration Association in the United States. Normally the arbitration institution also will be the appointing authority. Arbitration institutions tend to have their own rules and procedures, and may be more formal. They also tend to be more expensive, and, for procedural reasons, slower.
Duties of the tribunal.
The duties of a tribunal will be determined by a combination of the provisions of the arbitration agreement and by the procedural laws which apply in the seat of the arbitration. The extent to which the laws of the seat of the arbitration permit "party autonomy" (the ability of the parties to set out their own procedures and regulations) determines the interplay between the two.
However, in almost all countries the tribunal owes several non-derogable duties. These will normally be:
Arbitral awards.
The definition of Arbitral Award given in sec 2(1)(c) is clearly not exhaustive. It merely points out that an Arbitral Award includes both a final award and an interim award. Although arbitration awards are characteristically an award of damages against a party, in a number of jurisdictions tribunals have a range of remedies that can form a part of the award. These may include:
Challenge.
Generally speaking, by their nature, arbitration proceedings tend not to be subject to appeal, in the ordinary sense of the word. However, in most countries, the court maintains a supervisory role to set aside awards in extreme cases, such as fraud or in the case of some serious legal irregularity on the part of the tribunal. Only domestic arbitral awards are subject to set aside procedure.
In American arbitration law there exists a small but significant body of case law which deals with the power of the courts to intervene where the decision of an arbitrator is in fundamental disaccord with the applicable principles of law or the contract. However, this body of case law has been called into question by recent decisions of the Supreme Court.
Unfortunately, there is little agreement amongst the different American judgments and textbooks as to whether such a separate doctrine exists at all, or the circumstances in which it would apply. There does not appear to be any recorded judicial decision in which it has been applied. However, conceptually, to the extent it exists, the doctrine would be an important derogation from the general principle that awards are not subject to review by the courts.
Costs.
The overall costs of arbitration can be estimated on the websites of international arbitration institutions, such as that of the ICC, the website of the SIAC and the website of the International Arbitration Attorney Network. The overall cost of administrative and arbitrator fees is, on average, less than 20% of the total cost of international arbitration.
In multiple legal systems – both common law and civil law – it is normal practice for the courts to award legal costs against a losing party, with the winner becoming entitled to recover an approximation of what it spent in pursuing its claim (or in defense of a claim). The United States is a notable exception to this rule, as except for certain extreme cases, a prevailing party in a US legal proceeding does not become entitled to recoup its legal fees from the losing party.
Like the courts, arbitral tribunals generally have the same power to award costs in relation to the determination of the dispute. In international arbitration as well as domestic arbitrations governed by the laws of countries in which courts may award costs against a losing party, the arbitral tribunal will also determine the portion of the arbitrators' fees that the losing party is required to bear.
Nomenclature.
As methods of dispute resolution, arbitration procedure can be varied to suit the needs of the parties. Certain specific "types" of arbitration procedure have developed, particularly in North America.
Such forms of "Last Offer Arbitration" can also be combined with mediation to create MEDALOA hybrid processes (Mediation followed by Last Offer Arbitration).
History.
England.
Arbitration in its common law form developed in England; in the Middle Ages, tribunals such as the courts of the boroughs, of the fair and of the staple arose as the royal courts were not designed for trade disputes, and trade with foreigners was otherwise unenforceable. In the mid-16th century, common law courts developed contract law and the Admiralty court became accessible for disputes with foreign merchants, broadening the venues for trade disputes. Courts became suspicious of arbitration; for example, in "Kill v. Hollister" (1746), an English court ruled that the arbitration agreement could 'oust' courts of law and equity of jurisdiction. Merchants, however, retained provisions to settle disputes among themselves, but tension between the arbitration proceedings and courts eventually resulted in the Common Law Procedure Act 1854 (17 &amp; 18 Vict. c. 125) which provided for the appointment of arbitrators and umpires, allowed courts to 'stay proceedings' when a disputant filed a suit despite an agreement to arbitrate, and provided a process for arbitrators to submit questions to a court. Later, the Arbitration Act 1889 (52 &amp; 53 Vict. c. 49) was passed, followed by other Arbitration Acts in 1950, 1975, 1979 and the Arbitration Act 1996 (c. 23). The Arbitration Act 1979 (c. 42) in particular limited judicial review for arbitration awards.
United States.
Arbitration was common in the early United States, with George Washington serving as an arbiter on an occasion. The United States had a notable difference from England, however, in that unlike England, its courts generally did not enforce executory agreements (binding predispute agreements) to arbitrate. This meant that prior to an award, a claimant could sue in court even if they had contractually agreed to settle disputes by arbitration. After the award, courts reviewed the judgment, but generally deferred to the arbitration, although the practice was not consistent.
The lack of enforcement of predispute agreements led to the Federal Arbitration Act of 1925, with New York leading with a state law enforcing predispute agreements. In 1921, the American Bar Association drafted the Federal Arbitration Act based on the New York law, which was passed in 1925 with minor changes. In the next decade, the American Arbitration Association promoted rules and facilitated arbitrations through appointments.
In the 21st century, arbitration has been frequently given negative media coverage, especially during and after the Me Too movement and the US Supreme Court case "Epic Systems Corp. v. Lewis". In response, Democratic U.S. Representative Hank Johnson introduced the Forced Arbitration Injustice Repeal Act (FAIR Act) into the 116th United States Congress, which was cosponsored by Republican Representative Matt Gaetz and 220 other Democrats. The FAIR Act passed the House in the 116th Congress but did not pass the Senate; Both Johnson and Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal reintroduced the act in the 117th United States Congress. In addition, Americans have also increasingly participated in "mass arbitration", a practice where consumers facing similar issues normally barred from participating in a class action lawsuit file multiple arbitration demands at once in an attempt to overwhelm a company's legal team. This has resulted in Amazon removing arbitration provisions from its terms of service, and mass arbitration has additionally hit Chipotle Mexican Grill, Uber, Lyft, Intuit, Facebook, and JPMorgan Chase.

</doc>
<doc id="6973890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973890" title="Corporeal (Altar Linen)">
Corporeal (Altar Linen)



</doc>
<doc id="6973894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973894" title="AG-C">
AG-C



</doc>
<doc id="6973897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973897" title="Saddle tank (submarine)">
Saddle tank (submarine)

Saddle tanks are a type of ballast tank configuration fitted to submarines.
Saddle tanks are fitted in pairs external to the pressure hull, one on each side, in a similar manner to that of a horse's saddle-bags, the positioning of which they resemble in appearance.
Development.
The first effective submarines, those of World War I, had hulls that were broadly circular in cross-section, with a deck plate mounted midway. Their heavy battery tanks were mounted beneath this deck, for stability. The ballast tanks were mounted "inside" the pressure hull. For compactness the ballast tanks were wrapped around the batteries, low down and sharing the flat surfaces of the battery tank. The Kingston valves linking the ballast tanks to the sea could be left open, a practice known as "riding the valves", and the water level in the tanks controlled solely by the vent and blowing air valves. The drawback was that the ballast tanks, open to sea pressure, had a flat surface to the crew compartment and were thus restricted in strength to the bursting strength of this flat plate. In particular this led to accidents where the boat bottomed safely after an accident, but the excess pressure of "blowing out" was sufficient to cause the internal tank wall to fail.
A secondary drawback of these internal ballast tanks could be poor sea-keeping when surfaced. With the tanks full of water the submarine was stable, but when emptied, this large buoyant volume low down led to excessive rolling. This was a particular problem because early submarines spent almost all of their time surfaced and had little freeboard to begin with.
The saddle tank was formed by moving the ballast tanks outside the pressure hull. Early designs raised the weather deck and casing above the pressure hull, producing a ballast tank that wrapped around the upper part of the pressure hull (diagrams A &amp; B). Following the terminology of steam railway locomotives, this was termed a "saddle tank". Later designs, notably those of the US Fleet submarines and German U-boats, placed two separate ballast tanks lower down on the sides of the hull (diagram C). In railway practice this would have been a "pannier tank", but for submarines the "saddle" label remained.
For some time it remained practice to place the main ballast tanks outside the pressure hull, but to keep the smaller auxiliary tanks inside the hull and below the deck. In the US Navy T-class submarines, this tank wall was at least curved to resist pressure.
Development after World War II.
The tanks themselves are usually streamlined to reduce water resistance and are prominent on many submarine designs produced prior to the end of World War II.
Saddle tanks are not fitted to current naval submarine designs, as external fittings are discouraged in order to improve underwater speed and reduce hydrodynamic noise detectable by an enemy's passive sonar. For this reason, post-1945 designs, i.e. post "Albacore", usually use internal ballast tanks, which are fitted inside the teardrop hull.

</doc>
<doc id="6973907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973907" title="Analysis of Microsoft">
Analysis of Microsoft



</doc>
<doc id="6973910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973910" title="Syncromesh">
Syncromesh



</doc>
<doc id="6973911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973911" title="MPs for Scottish seats">
MPs for Scottish seats



</doc>
<doc id="6973914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973914" title="English matters">
English matters



</doc>
<doc id="6973917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973917" title="Ian Macpherson">
Ian Macpherson



</doc>
<doc id="6973922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973922" title="Le sept neuf">
Le sept neuf

Le sept neuf ("The seven nine") – sometimes styled "Le 7/9" – is the name of the main weekday morning news sequence broadcast by France Inter, the French public-service generalist radio network. Consisting of news bulletins, background reports, commentaries, press reviews, interviews, and a phone-in debate with listeners (including e-mailed comments), it goes out every weekday between 7.00 and 9.00 (hence the name). It debuted in 2010.
The weekend editions of the program, entitled "Le sept neuf du samedi" and "Le sept neuf du dimanche", give greater coverage to leisure-time pursuits. Those editions are currently presented by Patricia Martin and Fabrice Drouelle.
The program's main weekday presenter as of December 2010 is the radio journalist Patrick Cohen.

</doc>
<doc id="6973926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973926" title="UK Budget">
UK Budget



</doc>
<doc id="6973930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973930" title="Umbilicated lesions">
Umbilicated lesions



</doc>
<doc id="6973932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973932" title="Ammo Belt">
Ammo Belt



</doc>
<doc id="6973933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973933" title="Delta source">
Delta source



</doc>
<doc id="6973935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973935" title="Vandanpathal">
Vandanpathal

Vandanpathal is a small village located in the district of Kottayam, Kerala, India.
Economy.
The main occupation is agriculture, especially the cash crop, rubber. When the latex price crashed, many farmers switched to vanilla. Apart from rubber, other major crops include coriander, ginger and tapioca. It is 2 km away from Mundakayam . St. Paul's church is in the village. Four decades prior, it was a forest area.
Geography.
The village is surrounded by thick green vegetation, with the Travancore Rubber &amp; Tea (TR&amp;T) rubber plantation on one side and a teak plantation on the other. The river draws border line between, Kottayam and Idukki districts.
Communication and transport.
Most of the villagers own a telephone connection and are connected to the rest of the world through television. There are more than 50 channels, both local and foreign made available to the viewers of the locality by a cable operator named based in Puthanchantha.
Most of the residents depend on public transport. Private buses connecting Koruthodu and Mundakayam passes through Vandanpathal.
Economy.
Economy is agrarian in context but many people are working in overseas. Also the place have three or four rehabilitation settlements popularly known as colonies. Also plantation given by the govt of kerala during post independent era to the educated youth to promote agriculture is in this area. Also the small plantation called "Chakkithottam" owned by a lady called Chakki was in this area. Chakkithottam was sold off later and now it is owned by different families as agriculture land
Religion.
Vandanpathal is known for its religious harmony and political activism.
There is a church is in Vandanpathal named St. Paul's Church as well as a mosque and a Sree Narayana Dharma Paripalana Yogam (S.N.D.P) temple.

</doc>
<doc id="6973937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973937" title="Ammunition Belt">
Ammunition Belt



</doc>
<doc id="6973942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973942" title="Duchy of Rome">
Duchy of Rome

The Duchy of Rome (; ) was a state within the Byzantine Exarchate of Ravenna. Like other Byzantine states in Italy, it was ruled by an imperial functionary with the title of "dux". The duchy often came into conflict with the Papacy over supremacy within Rome. After the founding of the Papal States in 756, the Duchy of Rome ceased to be an administrative unit and 'dukes of Rome', appointed by the popes rather than emperors, are only rarely attested.
History.
It is uncertain when exactly the Duchy of Rome was established, but it was most likely in the late 7th century, given the lack of earlier references to such a territory. The "dux" of Rome was subservient to the Exarch of Ravenna, who wielded the highest imperial authority in Italy. Within the exarchate, the two chief districts were the country about Ravenna where the exarch was the centre of Byzantine opposition to the Lombards, and the Duchy of Rome, which embraced the lands of Southern Etruria north of the Tiber and of Latium to the south as far as the Garigliano (with the exception of Casinum and Aquinum). There the Pope led the opposition to the Lombards.
Importance of Rome to Byzantine Italy.
The strategic importance of the Duchy of the Pentapolis (Rimini, Pesaro, Fano, Sinigaglia, Ancona) and the Duchy of Perugia lay in their ability to retain control of the districts between Ravenna and Rome, and with them communication over the Apennine Mountains. If this strategic connection were broken, it was evident that Rome and Ravenna could not singly maintain themselves for any length of time. This was also recognized by the Lombards. The same narrow strip of land broke the connection between their Duchies of Spoleto and Benevento and the main portion of the king's territories in the north. The Lombards made multiple attacks against this front to wrest control of the peninsula from the Byzantines.
Lombard attacks and increase in papal responsibility.
In 728 the Lombard King Liutprand took the Castle of Sutri, which dominated the highway at Nepi on the road to Perugia. However, Liutprand, softened by the entreaties of Pope Gregory II, restored Sutri "as a gift to the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul".
This expression of the "Liber pontificalis" was erroneously interpreted to mean that in this gift the beginning of the States of the Church was to be recognized. This is incorrect inasmuch as the Popes continued to acknowledge the imperial government, and Greek officials appeared in Rome for some time longer. It is true, however, that here for the first time the association of ideas on which the States of the Church were to be constructed is met. The Pope asked the Lombards for the return of Sutri for the sake of the Princes of the Apostles and threatened punishment by these sainted protectors. The pious Liutprand was undoubtedly susceptible to such pleas, but never to any consideration for the Greeks. For this reason he gave Sutri to Peter and Paul, that he might not expose himself to their punishment. What the Pope then did with it would be immaterial to him.
The belief that the Roman territory (at first in the more restricted, but afterwards also in the wider sense) was defended by the Prince of the Apostles became more and more prevalent. In 738 the Lombard duke Transamund II of Spoleto captured the Castle of Gallese, which protected the road to Perugia to the north of Nepi. Pope Gregory III made a large payment to the duke to restore the castle to him. The pope then sought an alliance with Duke Transamund to protect himself against Liutprand. However, Liutprand conquered Spoleto, besieged Rome, laid waste the Duchy of Rome, and seized four important frontier fortresses (Blera, Orte, Bomarzo, and Amelia), thereby cutting off communication with Perugia and Ravenna.
This caused the pope in 739 to turn for the first time to the powerful Frankish kingdom, under the protection of which Boniface had begun his successful labours as a missionary in Germany. He sent to Charles Martel, "the powerful mayor of the palace" of the Frankish monarchy and the commander of the Franks in the famous battle at Tours, undoubtedly with the consent of the Greek dux, and appealed to him to protect the tomb of the Apostle. Charles Martel replied to the embassy and acknowledged the gifts, but was unwilling to offer aid against the Lombards, who were helping him against the Saracens.
Accordingly, the successor of Gregory III, Pope Zachary, changed the policy that had been previously followed toward the Lombards. He formed an alliance with Liutprand against Transamund, and in 741 received in return the four castles as the result of a personal visit to the camp of the king at Terni. Liutprand also restored a number of patrimonies that had been seized by the Lombards, and furthermore concluded a twenty years' peace with the Pope.
The duchy now had a respite from Lombard attacks. The Lombards fell upon Ravenna, which they had already held from 731 to 735. The Exarch Eutychius had no other recourse than to seek the aid of the pope. Liutprand did in fact allow himself to be induced by Zachary to surrender the greater part of his conquests. Nor was it unimportant that these districts too once owed their rescue to the pope. Only a short time after Liutprand's death in 744, Zachary was successful in further postponing the catastrophe.
Fall of the exarchate – Donation of Pepin.
In 751 the Exarchate of Ravenna fell to the Lombards under King Aistulf. Rome, under Pope Stephen II, attempted diplomatic negotiations with Aistulf, and upon the failure of those negotiations, entreated King Pepin the Short of the Franks to intervene on its behalf. Pepin defeated the Lombards by 756 and granted the lands of the Duchy of Rome as well as some of the former Lombard possessions associated with the Exarchate of Ravenna to the Papacy in what is referred to as the Donation of Pepin, marking the true beginning of the Papal States.
Dukes.
The dukes were initially appointees of the exarch, but by mid-century they were created by the Pope. 
The office of Duke of Rome disappeared around 778–81, but there are scattered references to dukes among the Papal officers, who may be successors of the dukes of Rome:

</doc>
<doc id="6973943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973943" title="Umbilicated lesion">
Umbilicated lesion



</doc>
<doc id="6973945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973945" title="High Prayer">
High Prayer



</doc>
<doc id="6973955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973955" title="Mika Äältonen">
Mika Äältonen



</doc>
<doc id="6973959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973959" title="Spectre of Love">
Spectre of Love



</doc>
<doc id="6973962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973962" title="Congregation of the Consistory">
Congregation of the Consistory



</doc>
<doc id="6973967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973967" title="Archbishop of St Andrews (disambiguation)">
Archbishop of St Andrews (disambiguation)

The title of Archbishop of St. Andrews has existed in a number of churches in Scotland:

</doc>
<doc id="6973968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973968" title="L17A1">
L17A1



</doc>
<doc id="6973970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973970" title="L17A2">
L17A2



</doc>
<doc id="6973971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973971" title="Falcon Shells">
Falcon Shells

Falcon Shells was a British company that produced specials/kit cars from 1956 until 1964.
History.
Falcon Shells was founded in 1956 by Peter Pellandine following his amicable split with Keith Waddington of Ashley Laminates. It was originally based at 23 Highbridge Street, Waltham Abbey in Essex. There was also a showroom at 52 High Street, Epping. Pellandine retained the rights and tooling to manufacture the Ashley's short wheelbase 750 and the Sports Racer which he sold as the Falcon Mark I and II respectively. The Mk II body was used on the 1956 Elva MkII. 
From 1957 to 1959 Falcon's were also manufactured in New Zealand by Falcoln Shells (NZ) Limited. Pellandine had moved there in 1957, while continuing to operate his United Kingdom company. The New Zealand company ceased production in 1959 when Pellandine returned to the United Kingdom.
In 1958, a full kit version of the Mark 2, renamed the Competition, was launched. In 1959, an all-new model was added to the range. The Mark 3, later the Caribbean, became Falcon's best selling shell.
The company was renamed Falcon Cars in 1961 to reflect the move upmarket and the four seat Bermuda was introduced. About the same time, the 1000 was developed. This was later marketed as the Peregrine.
In 1962, Pellandine sold the business to Mike Moseley and was relocated to 150 Great North Road, Hatfield, Hertfordshire. Pellandine emigrated to Australia. Moseley expanded the business into a range of diverse GRP products including boat hulls, window boxes, and hoppers for farmers.
Moseley introduced the 515 at the January 1963 London Racing Car Show. Three 515s were entered for the Le Mans 24 Hour Race, with several French drivers, but were rejected by the organisers, the ACO. Discussions with Auto Union led to a Caribbean shell being mated with a DKW Junior chassis, a Mantzel-tuned prototype reaching 106 m.p.h.
As the result of a slump in sales, Falcon Cars was wound up in 1964.
Falcon Mk 2 was relaunched in the late 1980s as the Autotune Gemini.

</doc>
<doc id="6973972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973972" title="L17A1/A2">
L17A1/A2



</doc>
<doc id="6973976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973976" title="Shane Oakley">
Shane Oakley

Shane Oakley is a British illustrator and comic book artist from Stoke-on-Trent, England.
Biography.
Oakley began his career contributing to the alternative comics review "Deadline Magazine" in the 1980s, where he created "Fatal Charm" with D'Israeli. In 1989 Oakley worked as the penciller on issues 1 to 6 of "Mister X" volume two. Since then Oakley has contributed to several anthology titles, such as" Negative Burn" and "The Big Book of Urban Legends", even drawing an issue of Neil Gaiman's legendary "Sandman".
Albion.
Oakley is probably best known for his co-creation of the Wildstorm mini series "Albion", with Alan Moore, Leah Moore, and John Reppion which ran from 2005 until 2006. The series revived many long forgotten UK comic book characters such as the Steel Claw and Grimly Feendish, some of whom had not been in print since the 1950s.
Other work.
Oakley worked as a concept artist for Frazer Lee's horror film "Urbane".
In 2007 he illustrated an adaptation of Edgar Allan Poe's "The Fall of the House of Usher" written by Dan Whitehead and published in Self Made Hero's "Nevermore" anthology.
Boom! Studios' "Cthulhu Tales" #2 (published April 2008) featured a story entitled "The Hiding Place" written by Steve Niles and illustrated by Oakley.
Oakley provided covers for several issues of "Cthulhu Tales" and "Zombie Tales". He also provided the art for "Channel Evil", written by Alan Grant and co-published by Berserker Comics and Renegade Arts Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="6973980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973980" title="L119A1">
L119A1



</doc>
<doc id="6973981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973981" title="David Macpherson, 2nd Baron Strathcarron">
David Macpherson, 2nd Baron Strathcarron

David William Anthony Blyth Macpherson, 2nd Baron Strathcarron (23 January 1924 – 31 August 2006), was best known as the "motorcycling peer". He inherited the Barony on his father's death in 1937, but lost his automatic right to a seat in the House of Lords with the passage of the "House of Lords Act" 1999.
Lord Strathcarron's father was Ian Macpherson, a government minister in the cabinet of Lloyd George who had been created Baron Strathcarron, of Banchor, in 1936. He attended Eton College and Jesus College, Cambridge. After the outbreak of the Second World War, he joined the RAF in 1941, before he graduated, and flew Wellingtons for Coastal Command on reconnaissance and search-and-rescue missions over the Atlantic Ocean, during the Battle of the Atlantic. He then flew long-range transport missions, and was demobbed in 1947. He continued to fly as a private pilot after the war, until the 1980s.
His interest in motor vehicles began in his youth, when he learned to drive in his mother's 1932 Essex Terraplane. He was bought a Morgan Super Sports for his sixteenth birthday, in which he quickly passed his motorcycle test, but then also soon had his first driving accident. He raced motor vehicles after the war, competing against Stirling Moss in 500cc motor racing, and drove for Marwyn and Kieft. He raced vintage cars from his own collection, including Alfa Romeos, Austin-Healeys, Bentleys, Jensens and Rileys. He was the motoring correspondent of "The Field" from 48 years, from 1954 to 2002. He founded an automotive supplies business, Strathcarron &amp; Co, in 1960. In 1963, he wrote an account of his experiences in motor racing, entitled "Motoring for Pleasure". He won the Lords versus Commons motor race at Brands Hatch in 2000, aged 76. After he retired as motoring correspondent of "The Field" in 2002, he wrote a column for the website Hoot! entitled "View from a Peer".
During his time in Parliament, Lord Strathcarron was involved in many motoring issues, and was chairman of the All-Party Parliamentary Motorcycling Group. He was involved in working with the Motor Cycle Industry Association to create the system of Compulsory Basic Training for learner motorcyclists, introduced in December 1990. He usually voted with the Conservative Party, but rarely spoke.
Outside Parliament, he was a President of the Guild of Motoring Writers, President of the Jensen Owners' Club and Fellow of the Institute of Advanced Motorists. He was also involved with the British Racing Drivers' Club, the Guild of Experienced Motorists, the Vintage Sports Car Club, the Driving Instructors' Association, the Vehicle Builders and Repairers' Association, the Institute of Road Transport Engineers, the Institute of the Motor Industry and the Order of the Road.
He died seven weeks after a motorcycling accident involving a dustcart. His obituary in "The Daily Telegraph" described him as "an engaging amalgam of Mr Punch, Bertie Wooster and Mr Toad". He married four times, and was survived by his fourth wife, Diana. The title was inherited by Ian Macpherson, 3rd Baron Strathcarron, the elder of the two sons from his second marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="6973986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973986" title="Harcourt Butler Technical University">
Harcourt Butler Technical University

Harcourt Butler Technical University (HBTU), formerly Harcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI), is an old STEM college currently functioning as a public technical university, and is located in Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh, India. Established in 1921, it is one of India's oldest engineering institutes, and also India's first technological institute for higher research in technical chemistry.
It is named after its proponent-in-chief Sir Spencer Harcourt Butler, an accomplished ICS officer and a highly regarded Governor in British India, who preferred to be addressed as "Harcourt Butler". As an educational reformer, Sir Harcourt was an advocate for technical education in general, and the patron of "Technological Institute" in particular.
It offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral programmes in engineering, technology, mathematics, natural sciences, and applied sciences; as well as master's programmes in computer applications, and business administration. The full-time four-year "B.Tech." is the flagship programme of the institute.
It has historical and foundational connections to many scientific and technological entities. It is the parent of the National Sugar Institute which operated from HBTI campus from 1936 to 1963. The "Central Control Laboratory" (for Ghee, Edible oils, and Vanaspati) started in HBTI in 1937. HBTI also housed ICAR's Sugar technologist (1930-36), and the offices of Glass Technology (1942–91) and Alcohol Technology (estd. 1953) of the provincial government. It assisted three new state-govt colleges - Rajkiya Engineering College (REC) Bijnor (started in 2010 as BRAECIT), REC Kannauj (started in 2015), and REC Mainpuri, (started in 2015). And, when IIT Kanpur was established in 1959, its classes, starting 9 August 1960, were initially held in HBTI until IITK had its own campus.
History.
Origins.
In early 1900s, there was a need for application of science in industry in the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, and technical education was paramount. On the initiative of Harcourt Butler, the Secretary to "Industrial Committee" (1907-08) and DC of Lucknow, the 1907 Industrial Conference at "Naini Tal" convened by the Lt.Gov. of the province, Sir John P. Hewett, , recommended establishment of a Technological Institute at "Cawnpore". Therein, Thomason's Principal Sir Edwin H.deV. Atkinson, , opined on location of the institute, and views of "Upper India Chamber of Commerce (UICC)" were expressed by their Secretary, Mr. Alexander B. Shakespear, .
The conference approved teaching and research via four chemical sections (of four students each) in industries of leather, sugar, acid-n-alkali, and textile-n-papermaking (dyeing, bleaching, etc.). In 1908, Sir Harcourt left UPA&amp;O, and later, the provincial secretary (and future CAG), Sir Robert W. Gillan, , submitted the scheme to the government. But, the India Secretary deferred, and sought opinions from Dr. Morris W. Travers, , , among others, regarding overlaps with IISc, and relevant areas of instruction and enquiry. However, it was generally accepted that a colloquial "Central Higher Technical Institute" be set-up in two branches. The "Rurki Branch" would take over Thomason's civil engineering, and shut its "Department of Technology"; while the "Cawnpore Branch" would be the industrially accessible "Technological Institute".
By 1914, the idea of starting it as a polytechnic was abandoned, and industry-oriented applied research became the keynote. Deferments also happened due to World War I, apart from differing opinions, and lack of funds. By mid 1910s, an IISc-like research institute under Imperial control in North India was steadily demanded not only by industrialists, merchants, and managers like C.T. Allen, , C.M. DeSouza, and A.B. Shakespear, but also by officials like the Director of Industries (DI) A.H. Silver.
Indian businessmen wanted training in leather chemistry as Kanpur had leather industry since 1800s. Contrarily, officials like Director (LR&amp;A) H.R.C. Hailey, , and Offg. DI &amp; DD (Agri.) Sir Bryce C. Burt, , , concurred with European industrialists and "UICC" that the proposed institute should focus on research in applied chemistry, and offer special branches only on demand. The Indian Industrial Commission (1916–18) headed by Sir Thomas H. Holland, , , recommended that technological institutes should be controlled by provincial "Director of Industries" to facilitate research in regional industries. A representative committee also recommended that the institute provide training for one research chemist, and three technical chemists (oil, textile, leather).
GRI and GTI.
Sir Harcourt returned to UPA&amp;O in 1918 as Lieutenant-Governor, and expressed dismay at the delays in starting the institute. Ultimately, Government Research Institute, Cawnpore, was launched in 1920 without any teaching courses. It was headed by the Agricultural Chemist Dr. Harold Edward Annett, , , then the Principal of "Opium Research Laboratory", of which GRI was an adjunct. It was housed in two rooms of "Sher Wali Kothi", a British era bungalow near Nawabganj.
The distinguished dye scientist Dr. Edwin Roy Watson, , Professor at Dacca College, was appointed as "Research Chemist", aided by two "Asst. Res. Chemists" - Dr. Nitya Gopal Chatterji, , and Mr. Kshitish Chandra Mukherji, . Dr. Watson had been research assistant to C. T. R. Wilson (who won 1927 Physic Nobel prize), and Siegfried Ruhemann (who discovered Ninhydrin in 1911) at Cambridge (1903-04). Dr. Watson became the "Principal" of GRI as Dr. Annett was appointed Officiating Principal of Govt Agricultural College by 1921.
In 1921, Sir Harcourt became the (first) Governor of UPA&amp;O. He reformed the U.P. Board of Industries, and appointed Sir C.Y. Chintamani, , the Chief-Editor of The Leader newspaper, as the Minister of Education and Industries. With active support from the minister, the institute started teaching three-year postgraduate diploma courses, and became the Government Technological Institute.
The institute started with two "Chairs" each in three areas of applied chemistry: oil, tinctorial, and leather. Dr. E.R. Watson was appointed as the first "Principal" (1921–26) of GTI. On the 25th of November 1921, Sir Spencer Harcourt Butler, , formally laid the foundation-stone of the "Main Building". Sir Harcourt had envisioned to make it a full-fledged technological university, but had to leave charge in UPA&amp;O for Burma in December 1922.
Initial years.
The first batch of PG Diploma in Technology ("Dip.Tech.") consisted of three students each in two courses of General Applied Research ("Gen Res"), and Oil Chemistry &amp; Technology ("Oil Tech"). Due to lack of infrastructure, they were sent to the "Govt Technical School" (under principalship of P.A. Lyons) in Lucknow for a six-month preliminary course in mechanical engineering. The first classes &amp; laboratories were held in two buildings (later, the erstwhile "Forest View Hostel") of the old govt soda factory, and the first hostel was a Nawab's bungalow in Souterganj near the Govt School of Dyeing &amp; Printing (GSDP, later a GCTI constituent).
In 1922 the institute moved its operations to the new bungalows in "Luxman Bagh" - Bungalow No. 1 for "Gen Res", Bungalow No. 2 for workshop (with pilot plant), Bungalow No. 3 for "Oil Tech", and Bungalow No. 4 for hostel. By 1925, the north-wing of "Main Building" was completed, and a temporary hostel was constructed behind the central hall. In 1926, under the then Minister of Industry, Sir M.A.S. Khan, , the institute took the name Harcourt Butler Technological Institute in honour of its patron, though Sir Harcourt was absent, working as the (first) Governor of British Burma.
After Richardson Committee prioritized leather over sugar, a third course of Leather Chemistry &amp; Technology was started in 1922 under supervision of Mr. Madhav Balkrishna Hudlikar, but ceased intakes after 1931 on the recommendation of the second inquiry-committee under Mr. Arthur H. Mackenzie, . Academically, the institute laid emphasis on practical training in simulation plants and commercial factories. Admissions were done through competitive examination (written and oral). A course in Tinctorial Chemistry was also considered. In 1924, the Department of Chemistry was established as an entity, and all six students of the first batch also successfully received their PG diplomas. Though, grading and classification criteria based on test scores was only finalised a year later in 1924-25. A fourth course of Sugar Chemistry &amp; Technology was started in July 1926.
The British biochemist, Dr. Gilbert J. Fowler, , , who held the first Chair of Biochemistry (at IISc) in India and in the East, became the Officiating Head of the Research Department in 1926, and then Principal of HBTI in 1927. The head(s) of technology section(s) worked "de facto" as area "Expert(s)" to the "Industries Department", while the head of chemical research worked as "Industrial Chemist" to the provincial government. Also, the oil course had developed an excellent reputation in the market. Post-diploma two-year studentship, and three-year fellowship were also introduced within the first decade.
Reforms.
During ministership of Sir J.P. Srivastava, , , the "Director of Industries" was made the "ex-officio Principal" in 1932, and an "Acting Principal" was to be the head. NASI Founder-Fellow and industrial researcher Dr. H.D.H. Drane, , was the last British Principal, and Dr. J.A.H. Duke, the Oil Expert, was appointed the first Acting Principal of HBTI. Also, the three-year "Dip.Tech." was replaced by a two-year PG course for an Associate of HBTI (A.H.B.T.I.), and a further two years of studies for a Fellow of HBTI (F.H.B.T.I.). Short courses at different academic levels were also started in 1932-33 session.
In 1934, ICAR considered taking over the oil section to make an all-India institute of oil technology, and in 1936 the sugar section was taken over to establish the Imperial Institute of Sugar Technology on the recommendations of Indian Sugar Committee, and others. The first Indian Actg. Principal, Rao Saheb Dattatraya Yeshwant Athawale, officiated from 1937 to 1947, followed by Dr. D.R. Dhingra, , in the first decade post-independence from 1947 to 1957. An R&amp;D scheme, and a short-course on essential oils were started in the latter's tenure
In 1952, a committee headed by Sir J.C. Ghosh, , advised that HBTI operate as a university college with IIST, GCTI, and GLI as integral parts, and offer new courses. But, it was not implemented, except for a course (India's second) in Chemical Engineering in 1954. AICTE review in 1955 suggested teaching reorganisation, and in 1956, faculty posts separate from Experts/Chemists were sanctioned. Dr. Hrishikesh Trivedi became the first Indian-origin Principal when the post was revived in 1957. HBTI was affiliated to Agra University in 1958, and AHBTI/FHBTI diplomas were converted to degrees: a four-year B.Sc. (Chem. Engg.) to be pursued post I.Sc. (HSC), and a three-year B.Sc. (Tech.) post B.Sc.
Expansion.
HBTI enlarged the scope of its activities significantly in the 1960s. The first M.Sc. (Tech.) courses and an "Industrial Research Centre" were both started in 1960, along with appointment of a "Head" of Oil Technology, and completion of "Lake View Hostel". The state's industrial-advisor and MIT/SEAS alumni Dr. Chittaranjan "CR" Mitra became Principal in 1962, and brought phenomenal change. The three core-engineering departments (mechanical, electrical, civil) were started in 1964-66. India's first courses in Biochemical Engineering and Chemical Engineering Practice were launched in 1964 and 1965 respectively.
On 26 March 1965, the GoUP made HBTI a standalone institution registered as a society. Accordingly, it got a Board of Governors, and the post of Principal raised to Director. Dr. Mitra became the first Director in 1965, and remained till 1969 (when G.D. Birla invited him to lead BITS Pilani). The college's affiliation was transferred to Kanpur University in 1967 on the latter's inception. On AICTE's recommendation in 1967, GoI sanctioned grants for infrastructure development in HBTI, which led to many new buildings by 1972-73.
By 1970s, HBTI had transformed from an instructor in chemical branches to a prominent institute of higher education in STEM fields. The "Science &amp; Technology Entrepreneur's Park" (STEP-HBTI) was launched on-campus in 1986 to encourage entrepreneurship, sponsored by DST (GoI), ICICI, and IFCI. In 1991, all B.Sc. (Engg/Tech) courses were changed to four-year B.Tech., and all M.Sc. (Tech) were changed to two-year M.Tech., in keeping with the times.
21st century.
In 2000, the GoUP established the Uttar Pradesh Technical University (UPTU), and HBTI was affiliated to it in 2001. This made HBTI lose the autonomous status which it had retained in previous affiliations. Later, HBTI became the only STEM college in Uttar Pradesh to be granted the academic autonomy by the University Grants Commission on 27 February 2008, a status it had lost a decade earlier. While still affiliated to UPTU administratively, the institute could now conduct its own internal academic affairs independently, viz., syllabus, exams, grading, etc.
By 2000s, HBTI's infrastructure had become inadequate and degraded. There was also worsening of teacher-to-student ratio due to unfilled vacancies, faculty leaving for new CFTIs, etc. Mismanagement, conflicts, and failures increased even in important activities. Hence, its reputation suffered against some NITs. The alumni offered financial assistance to resolve immediate issues, but it could not be initiated due to government interference. UPTU plans to develop it as a STEM CoE did not materialize either. In this period (2001-21), HBTI did not have any long-term permanent head, either short-term ones or mostly temporary "Acting" ones.
On 1 September 2016, HBTI was raised to the status of a technical state-university by the "UP HBTU Act, 2016" (dated 7 April 2016), and its name was modified to Harcourt Butler Technical University. Prof. M.Z. Khan was appointed as the first Vice-Chancellor. HBTU obtained administrative autonomy, and some much needed infrastructure upgrades were started. Also, the dual-term VC Dr. Samsher (2021-27) requested the President of India to make HBTU a central university.
Campus.
The university is on the Hastings Avenue in Nawabganj area in the northern outskirts of the metro-city of Kanpur, officially in the Kanpur Nagar district. It is situated between the Kanpur Zoo, and the Company Bagh Chauraha (crossing), about 4 km from the Kanpur Ganga Barrage. It is spread across two campuses – the East campus (74.84 acres), and the West campus (248.64 acres), roughly 3 km apart. The East Campus is primarily academic with accommodation facilities limited to girls, and 1st-year boys only. The West campus is entirely residential &amp; recreational in nature.
East campus.
The "East Campus" has its main entrance gate opposite the CSA Univ. of Agriculture &amp; Technology premises on the Agricultural College Lane. The other gate on the opposite side of campus faces the Azad Nagar locality. It is 3 km of the Rawatpur railway station, 3 km from the Rawatpur metro station (on Orange Line), 8 km from the Kanpur Central railway station, and 9 km from the Kanpur Central ("Jhakarkati") Bus Station.
The "Main Building", in use since 1925, houses the VC office, administrative offices, classrooms, halls, a MOOC recording studio, and departments of Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Chemical Technology (five out of six branches), and Humanities. Seven other independent buildings house the departments of Chemical Engineering, Computer Science &amp; IT (with the computer centre), Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Civil Engineering, and Leather Technology. The Central Workshop (finished 1957) establishment consists of seven shops: Foundry Shop, Welding Shop, Machine Shop, Sheet Metal Shop, Blacksmithy Shop, Carpentry Shop, and Fitting-&amp;-Benchworking Shop. It once also had a state of the art industrial-grade oil mill, a sugar plant, a soap-factory, and manufacturing machines for paint and varnish.
The Tagore Central Library is an independent building. It offers a web-based OPAC catalogue with 83,000+ books, and 25,000+ journals &amp; periodicals. The library provides access to e-journals like the ACS, J-Gate Plus (JCCC), IEEE, Springer Nature, and Web of Science database. It also offers e-books from leading publishers like Pearson, Wiley, Elsevier, McGraw Hill, etc. HBTU also has E-ShodhSindhu (eSS) subscriptions, like NDLI eBooks/archives, and "ShodhShuddhi" PDS system.
This campus also has the offices of several engineering and technology organisations of national repute. It has the headquarters of "Oil Technologists' Association of India" (OTAI), the central regional office of "Council of Leather Exports" (CLE), the Kanpur Local Centre of "Institution of Engineers (India)" (IEI), , and the Kanpur Regional Centre of "Indian Institute of Chemical Engineers" (IIChE).
It also has old/new auditorium, old gymnasium, cafeteria, canteen, and the Atal Incubation Hub (GIIEC). Other things include the lawns, badminton court, tennis court, playground for cricket &amp; football, guest house, medical centre, Central Bank of India (CBI) campus branch, and its ATM.
The residential provisions are for six female hostels - Alaknanda Hostel (GH-I), Mandakini Hostel (GH-II), Gangotri Hostel (GH-III), Bhagirathi Hostel (GH-IV, and formerly Lake View III, 'LV New'), Kaveri Hostel (GH-V), and Saraswati Hostel (GH-VI); and two male hostels - Shridharacharya Hostel (Lake View I &amp; II, 'LV Old'), and Ramanujan Hostel. There are also a few residential quarters for the faculty &amp; staff.
West campus.
The "West Campus" is on Indra Road, opposite Deen Dayal Nagar locality, and around 1 km from the Gurudev Chauraha (and same name metro station). It is on the other side of the Kanpur Zoo with reference to the East Campus. This land was acquired in 1965 to expand the institute.
The West Campus features several male hostels - Abdul Kalam Hostel (WCH-I), Visveswaraya Hostel (WCH-II), Raman Hostel (WCH-III), Ambedkar Hostel (DBRA-I), Aryabhatt Hostel (DBRA-II), Vishwakarma hostel (WCH-IV), and Vikram Sarabhai Sarabhai Hostel. It also has the VC residence, VC camp office, new multi-purpose hall (Shatabdi Bhawan), new gymnasium, community centre, a State Bank (SBI) ATM, postal facilities, and several residential quarters for faculty and staff. There are also playing grounds for cricket, football, hockey, basketball, and volleyball.
Administration.
Governance.
HBTU is a state-university nominally headed by the Governor of Uttar Pradesh as its ex-officio Chancellor. The Chancellor appoints the Vice-Chancellor (VC), nominates certain members of the Executive Council, and is the appellate authority. HBTU is administered by the following structure:
The above-mentioned statutory authorities have their own respective chairperson, secretary, and members. They can be convened for specific functions as per their mandate. The authorities are: Academic Council, Board of Studies, Board of Examinations, and several other Committees (Finance, R&amp;D, Admission, Grievance, etc).
Organisation.
The university is operationally headed by the Vice Chancellor (VC) who is assisted by several officials in the following reporting order:
The six functional Deans are of following work: Academic Affairs, Student's Welfare, Planning &amp; Resource Generation (PRG), R&amp;D, Incubation Hub, and CE-n-IQA.
Academics.
HBTU is a government-aided state-university for technical UG and PG education specialising in engineering and technology, along with research and consulting in allied areas. It is a non-collegiate unitary-type university, and does not affiliate or administer other colleges or institutes. It is recognised by the University Grants Commission, and is approved by the AICTE for STEM programmes. HBTU holds the NAAC A+ Grade, and the courses are accredited by the NBA. It was one of the 127 technical institutions to receive funding from the World Bank's IDA in TEQIP Phase-I (2004–2009) implemented by NPIU of GoI. The college further received more funding under RUSA, TEQIP-II, and TEQIP-III.
Research.
The college takes up R&amp;D schemes sponsored by various government or private entities, like DST, SERB, MHRD, UGC, ICAR, CRS (TEQIP), IITK, DRDO (&amp; DMSRDE), CPCB, BARC, CIDA (via SICI), CSIR, DAE, ICMR, MoFPI, DBT, ICMR, DOE, CSTUP, etc. HBTU is also an S&amp;T partner in the Rural Technology Action Group (RuTAG) initiative of IITK. In 2009, Current Science ranked it #17 in top 30 Indian engg-tech institutes for their research performance, and #25 in 67 institutes based on number of papers published, using the Scopus database for the period 1999-2008.
Programmes.
HBTU offers a wide variety of undergraduate and postgraduate courses conferring the Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech.), Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Master of Computer Applications (MCA), Master of Business Administration (MBA), Master of Science (M.Sc.), Master of Technology (M.Tech.), and Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degrees on successful completion.
B.Tech. courses are offered in 13 fields of engineering &amp; technology by their respective departments, as follows (dept start year mentioned): Computer Science &amp; Engineering (since 1984), Information Technology (by CSE Dept.), Mechanical Engineering (since 1964), Civil Engineering (since 1966), Electronics Engineering (since 1990), Electrical Engineering (since 1965), Chemical Engineering (since 1954), and six Chemical Technology branches - Plastic Technology (since 1964), Biochemical Engineering (since 1964), Food Technology (since 1964), Oil Technology (since 1921), Paint Technology (since 1991), and Leather Technology (since 1978)). Admissions to the full-time four-year B.Tech. programmes are through the NTA JEE Main exam since 2017 (previously, SEE-UPTU from 2001 to 2016, and CEE from 1979 to 2000), and to the three-year B.Tech. (Lateral Entry) are done via the CUET-UG exam.
Full-time two-year M.Tech., MBA, MCA, and M.Sc. programmes are offered at the masters level. M.Tech. is offered in 11 of the aforementioned 13 branches (except IT, and Leather Technology), while M.Sc. is offered in Physics, Chemistry, and Mathematics. A four-year BS-MS course is also offered in Mathematics &amp; Data Science. Admissions are done to the M.Tech. programmes via the JAM exam, the M.Sc. programmes via the JAM &amp; CUET-PG exams, the MCA programme through the NIMCET exam, and the MBA programme through multiple exams (CAT, CMAT, AIMA-MAT, etc.). Admissions to the doctoral programmes (Ph.D.) are via the UGC–NET test.
Reputation and rankings.
HBTU was a nationally reputed engineering college in India in the 20th century. Initially, it was affected by the industrial decline of Kanpur post 1980, a city once called "Manchester of the East". By 2000s, HBTI suffered infrastructure deterioration, and faculty insufficiency. Moreover, HBTU struggled for prestige after the central institutes (IITs, IIITs, and NITs) were expanded in number by the Indian government. Some old ranking reports are given below:
Centenary.
HBTU successfully completed a century of its establishment as a teaching institution in the year 2021. It also celebrated the 100th anniversary of its "Foundation-Stone Laying Ceremony" on the 25th of November, 2021. The centennial occasion was officially recognised and commemorated in the "Centenary Year Function" organised by the university on the very date of anniversary under the charge of its Vice Chancellor Dr. Samsher. The function was attended by the President of India, and the Governor of Uttar Pradesh.
The following commemorative actions were performed as part of the centenary celebrations:
Career Assistance.
The Dean (PRG) is in-charge of the "Training and Placement (T&amp;P) Cell" which is responsible for assisting students in acquiring industrial training and availing job opportunities. It consists of admin-staff and student-members from all branches. It aids in the making and verification of CVs. It also coordinates with interested organisations, and facilitates the campus placement process.
Student life.
Activity council.
For extra-curricular activities, there are several officially recognised bodies called "Sub-Councils". They are governed by an apex body called the University Students Activity Council (USAC) which is headed by a "Chairman". All sub-councils have an administrative "Convener", and are primarily run by their respective student-members.
The student-bodies can be categories based on their primary function:
Associations.
The various departments of engineering and technology also have their own "Associations" of engineers and technologists, e.g., "ACE", "AME", etc. These associations coordinate among their faculty, students, and alumni for various co-curricular and extra-curricular activities as they deem important, including but not limited to intra-department or inter-college events. The associations have their own intra-departmental conveners, and student-members.
Alumni.
HBTU alumni are popularly known as "Harcourtians". They have been known so for a long time, are fond of the legacy of their alma mater, and mutually share a strong identity.
The alumni work in considerable numbers in the central government services (UPSC CSE/ESE, SSC, CAPF, Military, etc.), PSUs/PSEs, banks (IBPS), CSIR institutes, colleges, state-government services (UPPSC, UKPSC, etc.), and provincial corporations like state-PWDs, metro-rail corps (DMRC, UPMRC, NMRC, etc.), utility corps (UPPCL, UPRVUNL, UPJN, etc.), development units (DDA, YEIDA, UPSIDC, etc.), and many more. They are also successfully working as engineers &amp; managers in the private sector firms, including all prominent MNCs.
Many alumni also go to IITs, IIMs, IISc, or foreign colleges for further education. Alumni of batches till 1990 often worked and settled abroad. There is also a "HBTU Alumni Association North America" (HANA), a non-profit registered in New Jersey.
OBA.
"Old Boys' Association" was the first alumni association of HBTI, founded in the early 1930s, and colloquially called "OBA, HBTI". In 1936, the Sugar Technology was established as a separate institute named IIST, but the association kept operating under the same name, and kept representing both institutes together. After IIST was renamed NSI in 1957, the joint alumni association was also renamed "OBA, HBTI &amp; NSI" to reflect the change. When NSI moved to its own new campus a few km away in 1963, the association still carried on its activities across both campuses. However, the joint association was ultimately broken in 1971, and was again called "HBTI OBA". The association's activities declined after late 1970s.
Alumni association.
The currently active "Alumni Association, HBTU" (originally as "AA HBTI") was founded after the OBA went defunct. The association has chapters in major Indian cities for ease of access to alumni. It organised the first International Alumni Meet in 2005, and does so every year.
Alumni Cell.
HBTU established the "Alumni Cell" in 2020s which enjoys dedicated resources. It is headed by the Dean (PRG) as ex-officio Chairman, and the Associate Dean (PRG) is the ex-officio Member-Secretary in-charge of the alumni affairs. There are three other rotating members - two from faculty, and one from students.

</doc>
<doc id="6973998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6973998" title="Le téléphone sonne">
Le téléphone sonne

Le téléphone sonne ("The phone's ringing") is a current affairs programme produced by the French generalist public radio network France Inter and broadcast between 7:20pm and 8.00pm on Monday to Friday evenings. 
First aired in 1978, the programme consists of a live studio debate between specialist guests on a selected item in the news, to which listeners are invited to contribute by phoning in their questions and opinions – hence the programme's title. The journalist Alain Bédouet was the main presenter of "Le téléphone sonne" from 1984 to 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="6974001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974001" title="Supertest (disambiguation)">
Supertest (disambiguation)

Supertest Petroleum was a Canadian oil and gas company.
Supertest may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6974003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974003" title="United States–Canada border">
United States–Canada border



</doc>
<doc id="6974007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974007" title="River Brun">
River Brun

The River Brun is a river in eastern Lancashire. It is approximately long and has a catchment area (not including the River Don) of .
Course.
Thought to begin at the confluence of Hurstwood Brook (draining Wether Edge, Hameldon and supplying the Hurstwood Reservoir) and Rock Water at Foxstones Bridge near the village of Hurstwood, the river runs northwest towards the town of Burnley. Rock Water only begins a short distance to the southeast, where Cant Clough Beck (from that reservoir) meets Shedden Clough stream.
Heading northwest, the river passes Ormerod and is met by the small stream that flows through Worsthorne. It continues past the Hollins, the hamlet of Brownside and through the Rowley Lake near Rowley Hall before collecting Swinden Water and then the River Don at Netherwood Bridge and turning west. Entering Burnley at Heasandford, the Brun collects Walshaw Clough stream as it passes Burnley Youth Theatre. Turning southwest and travelling on through Bank Hall Park and under the Leeds and Liverpool Canal into Thompson Park (where it supplies the boating lake) and on past St Peter's Church. As it moves through the town centre it is briefly culverted at the St Peter's Centre and again as it passes under the Charter Walk shopping centre. Having turning back toward the west, the Brun falls over one final weir as it joins the River Calder close to the roundabout on Active Way.
History.
The river is generally thought to have given its name to Burnley (from the Old English ), with the name thought to mean the meadow or clearing by the brown river. However it is impossible to be certain that the town is not named after the brown meadow and river renamed after the settlement achieved some significance.
West of Hurstwood the Brun flows under Salterford Bridge, the site of a ford on an ancient saltway. At the end of the Don are the remains of sluices and dams that supply water to the mill lodge for the old Heasandford Mill, historically located further downstream near the old manor house (thought to be anciently the pheasant ford). Close to St. Peter's the remains of a weir can still be seen, the water went through a goit (part of which has been preserved) to a lodge for the town's old corn mill located next to the Bridge Inn. The mill is thought to have been originally erected around 1290 and was still water-powered until 1820. 
The ancient bridge near the church was demolished in June 1736 and a new one 4 yards wide, with a 16-yard arch was erected nearby. The last crossing before the confluence with the Calder is called Salford, the area of the town that developed around it was also known by that name in the early 20th century.
The lake at Rowley and the Brun's course onward to Heasandford is an artificial creation of the 1970s. Previously this section of the river flowed further to the west, with the Don collecting Swinden Water before meeting the Brun close to the mill lodge. Bank Hall was formerly the site of a significant coal mine that operated for over 100 years up to 1971, with another near Rowley Hall that operated between 1861 and 1928, and the area was used as a spoil tip for generations. The mine workings caused significant levels of pollution in the river and the diversion scheme also allowed the valley of the old route to be used as a landfill site.
Restoration works led by Lancashire County Council for over 40-years, has seen the Bank Hall site turned into a park and also the ongoing creation of the Brun Valley Forest Park along the river between Brownside and Heasandford. This was helped by the 2011-15 Urban River Enhancement Scheme (URES) which made improvements the river habitat in the town, including constructing fish passes on the weirs.
References.
Notes
Citations

</doc>
<doc id="6974014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974014" title="Mika Aaltonen">
Mika Aaltonen

Mika Aaltonen (born 16 November 1965) is a Finnish futurologist and former footballer. His position was an attacking central midfielder. He also played for the Finnish national team. Aaltonen is a Ph.D. in economics, associate professor (Foresight and Complexity), founder of the Royal Society of Arts Helsinki Chapter, editorial board member of European Foresight Journal, and editorial board member of E:CO (Emergence: Complexity and Organisations journal).
Playing career.
After being selected the key player of the Finnish league and the best player of the under 21 national team, Aaltonen signed, at the age of 21 years, a three years contract with Inter Milan. He played for Inter one friendly game: Inter Milan (All. Trapattoni – Zenga – Bergomi, Baresi, Ferri, Brehme – Berti, Aaltonen, Mattheus – Rummenigge, Serena, Diaz) vs Soviet Union.
During his career (1982–1994) he played in Finland, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, and Israel for Turun Palloseura, Inter Milan, Bellinzona, Bologna, Hertha BSC, Hapoel Be'er Sheva F.C. and Tampereen Pallo-Veikot. Aaltonen won 1 gold, 2 silver, 1 bronze and 1 Cup in Finland; 1 bronze in Israeli league (Hapoel Beer Sheva) and 1 Second Bundesliga title (Hertha Berlin). He finished his career at a relatively young age because of a persistent ankle injury, and because of this, he ended up concentrating more on his studies. Aaltonen studied throughout his playing career, and after he retired from football, he earned a doctorate degree in economics.
Aaltonen is best remembered for a goal scored against Italian goalkeeper Walter Zenga in UEFA Cup in 1987 during a match between Turun Palloseura and Inter Milan at the San Siro stadium in Milan. This goal more or less earned him a transfer to Inter shortly afterwards.
Later career.
Aaltonen has worked as a visiting researcher at the London School of Economics (UK), the Conservatoire national des arts et métiers (France) and the Gregorian University (Italy).
He is a co-founder of PORT 2.0 Ltd., a company pioneering the design and construction of new logistics facilities to meet the increasing challenges of sustainability, safety and efficiency in near shore and onshore logistics.
Aaltonen is the chairman of Sustainable Nation Group, a company focused in building up new analytic capabilities to climate change transformation.
He has written 16 books and over 100 articles about foresight, complex adaptive systems, decision-making and societal change.
Personal life.
Aaltonen lives in Helsinki, but was born in Heideken, Turku, got married in Turku Cathedral, is an alumnus of the year at Turku School of Economics, and a hall of fame football player at FC Turku (TPS).
His son Anton Aaltonen is a professional footballer for FC Inter Turku.

</doc>
<doc id="6974021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974021" title="Moov">
Moov

Moov (stylized as MOOV) is a subscription-based music, podcast and video streaming service that combines lossless audio and high-definition music videos with exclusive content and special features on music. Moov was launched in 2006 by Hong Kong public company PCCW.
The service has over 1.5 million tracks in lossless FLAC-based 16-Bit/44.1 kHz quality. It has distribution agreements with close to 300 labels and content providers including EMI, Gold Typhoon and Sony Music.
Moov is currently available in Hong Kong, Vietnam and Mainland China.
The platform is integrated with other PCCW products and services. Music contents are shared with HKT eye, a fixed network service. Video contents such as concerts and music videos are shared with Now TV, a subscription-based television network.
Development.
After launching Moov in Hong Kong in 2006, the company began to expand its service overseas. In 2013, PCCW partners SMC, China Telecom and BestTV to expand the music streaming service to Mainland China with the brand "摩音符 Moov". Moov became the first subscription-based music streaming service from outside of Mainland China to operate in China. In 2016, Moov extends its streaming service to Vietnam by partnering with Vietnamobile and through signing deals with over 150 content providers in Vietnam.
In 2014, Moov launches the LyricSnap! feature that allows users share music and lyric on social media platforms.
In 2015, Moov has started to support Apple Watch and launches its lossless FLAC-based 16-Bit/44.1 kHz audio streaming service.
In 2016, Moov launches the Therapeutic Music library with Cantonese audio inductions. The library contain playlists created by registered professional music therapists from around the world including the United States, Canada and Australia, targeting different needs such as stress reduction, pregnancy soothing and sleep improvement. Moov claims it to be "Asia's first and only Therapeutic Music Library".

</doc>
<doc id="6974023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974023" title="World Series Cricket SuperTests">
World Series Cricket SuperTests



</doc>
<doc id="6974027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974027" title="Treasure of Gourdon">
Treasure of Gourdon

The Treasure of Gourdon () is a hoard of gold objects of which date to the end of the fifth or the beginning of the sixth century AD. They were secreted soon after 524. It was unearthed in 1845 near Gourdon, Saône-et-Loire.
Contents.
When it was found, the hoard comprised a chalice and a rectangular paten that were similarly applied with garnets and turquoises in cloisonné compartments, together with about a hundred gold coins dating from the reigns of Byzantine emperors Leo I (457–474) through Justin I (518–527). The Merovingian king Clovis I converted to Christianity in 496; the chalice and paten might be called early Merovingian or late Gallo-Roman.
The treasure is preserved in the Cabinet des Médailles museum, Paris, a department of the Bibliothèque nationale.
The chalice is 7.5 cm tall. It rests on a truncated conical base; two handles that take the form of highly stylized birds that are recognizable solely by their beaks and garnets that form the eyes. The body of the chalice has a reverse-dragooned base. The upper part of the chalice is decorated with cloisonné garnets and turquoises cut into the shapes of hearts and palmettes.
The shape of the chalice may be compared to the "kantharos" of ceramic or metal; a common wine cup shape of the andcient Greeks and Romans. The decoration can be considered "barbarian" in both iconography and technique, and was made uncommonly light and portable by employing the cloisonné technique. Comparable bird motifs may be traced back to Visigoth, Lombard and Merovingian metalwork.
The rectangular paten is 19.5 cm by 12.5 cm, and 1.6 cm deep. It presents a border of cloisonné garnets, a central cross in garnets and four corner motifs of turquoise. The Christian cross unequivocally identifies the ensemble as Christian.
War in eastern Gaul in the 520s came against the Burgundians. It was waged by the four successors of Clovis. The war came to a decisive end with the Battle of Vézeronce, in 524, with a conclusive Burgundian defeat.
History.
In the sixth century, Gourdon was the site of a monastery—possibly the source of these objects. The latest date found among the coins that were part of the hoard is estimated to be circa 524. The treasure may have been buried in anticipation of a raid. 
A shepherd girl, Louise Forest, discovered it below a Roman tile engraved with a cross. The treasure was sold at auction in Paris, 20 July 1846. The paten and chalice were acquired by the State and the documented coins were dispersed and are not available to the public. 

</doc>
<doc id="6974033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974033" title="Maritime (disambiguation)">
Maritime (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6974035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974035" title="Japanese trademark law">
Japanese trademark law

Japanese trademark law is mainly enacted by . Under this Act, only registered trademarks establish a "trademark" right (Article 18), and examination procedure is necessary for trademarks to be registered (Article 14). Japan's first modern trade mark law was enacted in 1884. The current Trademark Act was enacted in 1958, and has been amended several times since then.
On the other hand, the protection for unregistered trademarks is provided by .
English translation.
The definitive version of Japanese law is the text in the Japanese language. An official English-language translation of the law does not exist, but the Ministry of Justice Japan has the website "Japanese Law Translation", where users can search for Japanese laws and their unofficial English translation. IP laws such as Patent Act, Copyright Act, Trademark Act, Design Act and Unfair Competition Prevention Act are included there.
In addition, J-PlatPat offers the public access to IP Gazettes of the Japan Patent Office (JPO) free of charge through internet.
Reliable information on Japanese IP law in English is also provided by the websites of Intellectual Property High Court, Japan Patent Office, "Transparency of Japanese Law Project", European Patent Office, and Institute of Intellectual Property (IIP) of Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="6974039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974039" title="G. H. Gudjonsson">
G. H. Gudjonsson



</doc>
<doc id="6974044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974044" title="Stay Together (Mandaryna song)">
Stay Together (Mandaryna song)

"Stay Together" is a 2006 single by the Polish singer and dancer Mandaryna.
Background.
It was her first ballad released as a single. "Stay Together" was written by Harald Reitinger. The song was performed at various festivals in Poland in 2006. The music video was shot in the summer 2006 in Ukraine and features Mandaryna singing with a children choir. The video was released on Polish music video stations on September 12, 2006. "Stay Together" was released as a non-album single and meant to be on Mandaryna's third studio album, "Third Time: Mandaryna4You", which remains unreleased.

</doc>
<doc id="6974048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974048" title="Perfect radical">
Perfect radical



</doc>
<doc id="6974052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974052" title="Burton Agnes Hall">
Burton Agnes Hall

Burton Agnes Hall is an Elizabethan manor house in the village of Burton Agnes, near Driffield in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It was built by Sir Henry Griffith in 1601–10 to designs attributed to Robert Smythson. The older Norman Burton Agnes Manor House, originally built in 1173, still stands on an adjacent site; both buildings are now Grade I listed buildings.
Description.
The plan attributed to John Smythson presents a square block with bay windows and a small internal courtyard. All of the display has been concentrated on the entrance facade, which includes many windows and many shaped projecting bays, two square flanking the central entrance, two semicircular at the ends of the projecting wings, as well as two five-sided around the corners. Variety in the skyline is created by gables alternating with level parapets. The main facade is built a storey higher than the rest of the house to contain a long gallery running the full length of the second floor, with the result that the minor side facades are asymmetric. The two square projecting bays flanking the central double bay contain the porch and the bay window at the screens end of the hall. This preserved a traditional arrangement, but with the doorway to the porch placed where it does not show, not in the front but in the side of its projection; in this way apparent symmetry is preserved.
The main rooms vary in size due to the recessions of the bay windows but the main feature of the interior is the Long Gallery, which runs the length of the main front; it is covered by a wagon-roofed, richly plastered ceiling. The "great chamber." now divided into two, was placed on the first floor above the parlour. Even though the house has been through many renovations, a great deal of 17th-century fittings still remain such as carved woodwork, plaster and alabaster. These include a number of 17th-century plaster ceilings and an alabaster overmantel depicting the parable of the Ten Virgins based on a work by Pieter Bruegel the Elder that was disseminated through engravings by Philip Galle, printed in the 1560s by Hieronymus Cock in Antwerp. The ceiling of the Long Gallery was restored in two stages by Francis Johnson between 1951 and 1974.
Robert Smythson heavily influenced Burton Agnes Hall, however comparing the Smythson plan with the house as built it is clear there are several differences. In the plan all four of the great bay windows at the corners of the main front are five-sided but in the building two are semicircular. The central bay of the east front has dropped out, the corner bays of the north front have become square, and the whole of the west front has been much altered. Also, the door of the porch is shown in the plan frontal instead of at the side.
These variations make it impossible that the plan could be only a survey of the house. It must be at any rate the first version of an original plan produced by Smythson for Sir Henry Griffiths. It is difficult to say how far the variations in the existing house are due to second thoughts on the part of Smythson himself. how far to alterations made by the Griffiths or the masons and carpenters who actually built the house. The semicircular windows were very probably Smythson's own contributions, for such windows appear prominently in two of his other plans. But it is possible that he planned a house with a level parapet, and of the same height throughout, and that these features were altered or omitted by a conservative patron.
Gardens.
The gardens boast 3,000 plant species and include the National Collection of Campanulas. The walled flower garden has a games motif with a central chess board played on black and white paving stones. Other games include draughts, snakes and ladders and hoop toss. Each of these games is in a separate garden surrounded by plants selected by flower colours. There is also a market garden area with attractively planted seasonal vegetables. Whimsical statues abound throughout the grounds. Various artists work rotates through the grounds and galleries regularly. A woodland walk is well known locally for abundant snowdrop blooms in February.
Both the Elizabethan hall and the remains of the old Grade I listed manor house are open to the public throughout the year.
History.
The estate has been in the hands of the same family since Roger de Stuteville first built a manor house on the site in 1173. In 1457 Sir Walter Griffith came to live there. The Griffiths were a Welsh family who had emigrated to Staffordshire in the thirteenth century and inherited the Burton Agnes estate.
The present Elizabethan house was built nearby in 1601–10 by Sir Henry Griffith, 1st Baronet, after he was appointed to the Council of the North. His daughter Frances Griffith, heiress of the estate, married Sir Matthew Boynton, Governor of Scarborough Castle and the first Boynton baronet. On her death in 1634 the estate was bequeathed to their son Francis, later the second Baronet Boynton. According to legend, the skull of Sir Henry's youngest daughter Anne is bricked up in the Great Hall. It is reputed to be a screaming skull, and to return to the house whenever it is removed.
The widow of the 6th Baronet married John Parkhurst of Catesby Priory, Northamptonshire, known as "Handsome Jack", who squandered much of the family fortune and neglected the estate.
On the death of the eleventh Baronet in 1899 the house passed to his daughter, who had married Thomas Lamplugh Wickham, and who had adopted the additional surname of Boynton. On her death it passed in turn to their son Marcus Wickham Boynton, who operated a successful stud farm on the estate for many years and was High Sheriff of Yorkshire for 1953–54. He died in 1989 and left the property to a distant cousin, Simon Cunliffe-Lister, then aged twelve, grandson of Viscount Whitelaw and son of the 3rd Earl of Swinton. Today, the estate is owned by the Burton Agnes Preservation Trust and is managed by Cunliffe-Lister and his mother, the Hon. Dame Susan Cunliffe Lister DCVO.
A Hall Class railway engine was named "Burton Agnes Hall", and is preserved at Didcot Railway Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="6974053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974053" title="Father Bob">
Father Bob



</doc>
<doc id="6974056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974056" title="Bone marrow transplantion">
Bone marrow transplantion



</doc>
<doc id="6974057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974057" title="8th fire">
8th fire



</doc>
<doc id="6974066" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974066" title="Gisli H. Gudjonsson">
Gisli H. Gudjonsson



</doc>
<doc id="6974070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974070" title="Those Damn Bandits">
Those Damn Bandits



</doc>
<doc id="6974072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974072" title="Fjordgård">
Fjordgård

Fjordgård or Fjordgard is a small fishing village in Senja Municipality in Troms county, Norway. It is located on the northern part of the island of Senja, the second largest island in Norway. Fjordgård lies on the west side of the fjord "Ørnfjorden", which is an arm that branches off of the main Øyfjorden. The island village of Husøy lies about across the fjord within sight of Fjordgård.
Fjordgård is surrounded by high and steep mountains and is connected to the rest of the island of Senja by a series of three road tunnels. Fjordgård Chapel is located in the village. The village had a population (2007) of 206 and a population density of . Since 2007, the population and area data for this village area has not been separately tracked by Statistics Norway.
Cultural references.
In Book 4 of Karl Ove Knausgård's internationally popular My Struggle novels, Karl Ove teaches at the local school in Fjordgård. The village is referred to in the book by the pseudonym "Håfjord."

</doc>
<doc id="6974075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974075" title="Yubisaki Milk Tea drama CD">
Yubisaki Milk Tea drama CD



</doc>
<doc id="6974077" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974077" title="Hari Sreenivasan">
Hari Sreenivasan

Hariharan "Hari" Sreenivasan (born 1974) is an American broadcast journalist.
Biography.
Sreenivasan was born in Mumbai, India, into a Tamil family, around 1974. After immigrating to the United States at age seven, he attended Nathan Hale High School in Seattle, Washington. where he became a radio disc jockey. While earning his degree in 1995 in mass communication (with minors in politics and philosophy) at University of Puget Sound, he interned for several TV news stations in the state of Washington. In September 2008, Sreenivasan became a U.S. citizen.
He was hired full-time in 1995 by then-NBC affiliate WNCN-TV in Raleigh, North Carolina, and later moved to San Francisco, California, to work for CNET, covering the high tech sector. In 2004, Sreenivasan joined ABC News in New York City as a correspondent, he became co-anchor, with Taina Hernandez, of "World News Now", and concurrently co-hosted, with Jake Tapper, the behind-the-scenes podcast "ABC News Shuffle". In early 2009, he worked as a correspondent for CBS News' Dallas bureau.
Late in 2009, he became an "online/on-air correspondent" for "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer", delivering the television broadcast's news-summary and end-of-the-hour recap and leading the show's blog. In 2013, Sreenivasan became the anchor for the "PBS NewsHour Weekend" made at the Tisch WNET Studios at Lincoln Center in Manhattan. He regularly replaced the late correspondent Gwen Ifill and stands in for Judy Woodruff when she is away or on assignment.
Miss America 2014 Nina Davuluri and Sreenivasan hosted a talk given by Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister of India, on September 28, 2014, at Madison Square Garden in Midtown Manhattan, in front of an audience of over 18,000. This was Modi's first visit to the United States since he had been
denied a visa in 2005.
Other PBS projects.
Sreenivasan also anchors "SciTech Now", a science program produced by WLIW 21, a WNET sister station and PBS affiliate on Long Island. He is also a correspondent for "Amanpour &amp; Company", based out of the WNET studios in Manhattan.

</doc>
<doc id="6974100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974100" title="Ahnentafel of Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden">
Ahnentafel of Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden



</doc>
<doc id="6974102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974102" title="Whittier Christian High School">
Whittier Christian High School

Whittier Christian High School is a non-profit, non-denominational, Christian high school located in La Habra, California. It was founded in 1958. The high school has a gymnasium named the Leon Davis Event Center, after the school worker Leon Davis. Whittier Christian is also nicknamed "Dub-C".
History.
Whittier Christian High School opened on September 15, 1958, though planning for the school began only nine months earlier on January 4, 1958. WCHS welcomed forty-four 9th and 10th grade students to the College Avenue Church of the Nazarene facilities. By October 1975, the student body had grown to 380 high school students, and Whittier Christian moved to the Grovedale Elementary campus in East Whittier. In 1979, the school leased the Maybrook campus to serve the freshmen students. It was 1981 when the tenth-twelfth grade students moved to the current campus in La Habra.
Athletics.
Since its founding in 1958 the school has won 102 League Championships. In addition it has 18 CIF Championships:

</doc>
<doc id="6974103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974103" title="Metropolitan of Arles">
Metropolitan of Arles



</doc>
<doc id="6974110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974110" title="Danzel">
Danzel

Danzel (born Johan Waem, 9 November 1976) is a Belgian musician, best known for his 2004 single "Pump It Up!" which reached the top 10 across Europe, including in Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Romania and Switzerland. The single also reached number 11 on the UK Singles Chart and 29 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart. Other singles released have failed to achieve the same level of success.
Musical career.
"You Are All of That" was Danzel's first single, released by Ministry of Sound in late 2003. It samples Sylvester James' hi-NRG hit "Do You Wanna Funk" and reached number 69 on the UK Dance Chart. The single was not promoted outside the UK and Ireland, where it peaked at number 85.
"Pump It Up!" was Danzel's second single, remixing a late 1990s hit originally recorded by the Black &amp; White Brothers. The single was released by Ministry of Sound in the UK and did relatively well, selling more than 500,000 copies worldwide. On the singles charts, it reached number 11 in the UK, number 7 in Germany, number 11 in France and number 9 in Australia. In the dance and club charts it did even better, reaching number 2 in the UK, number 3 in Australia and number 15 in the US.
"Put Your Hands Up in the Air!" was the third single from Danzel, released in 2005. This is a remake of Black &amp; White Brothers' hit song with the same title from 1998. The single was released in the UK in May 2005, but did not chart on the UK Singles Chart, but was a hit on the UK Dance Chart, reaching number 6 as well as becoming a hit in UK clubs. The single was released one month later in Europe and Asia, but did not generate much interest outside the UK, peaking at #40 in France and #52 in Germany.
Danzel's fourth single, "My Arms Keep Missing You" was released again by Ministry of Sound, in the summer of 2006. It was a cover of the 1988 single with the same name by British singer Rick Astley, done with Belgian DJ F.R.A.N.K. The single did not perform as well as "Pump It Up!", charting in Australia, peaking at number 74. It was also released in Spain, but only as a physical release. The single had minor success in the clubs of Ibiza. In Spain, the single was included in a summer compilation album called "Disco Estrella Volume 9", which was released by the Spanish record label ValeMusic Spain, a subsidiary of SonyBMG Spain. The single was released in late 2006 in the UK, and featured in the UK Dance Chart, peaking at number 9.

</doc>
<doc id="6974111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974111" title="River Don, Lancashire">
River Don, Lancashire

The River Don is a river in Lancashire, England. It is long and has a catchment area of .
Rising on Peacock Hill as Hey Stacks Clough, the stream runs westwards to Black Clough Head where it collects Tom Groove and becomes Black Clough. Black Clough continues past Robin Hood's House to Rapes Hole. Now known as Thursden Brook, the river passes by Cockridge Copy and into the Thursden Valley north east of the town of Burnley. Thursden Brook becomes the River Don at Cockden Bridge and runs through Scrogg's Wood near Heasandford, flowing into the River Brun at Netherwood Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="6974118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974118" title="Billy Burroughs">
Billy Burroughs



</doc>
<doc id="6974119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974119" title="Darius Miceika">
Darius Miceika

Darius Miceika (born 22 February 1983) is a Lithuanian former professional footballer. He has played for Lithuanian national team.
Club career.
Miceika started his career at Polonija Vilnius in 2000. He then moved to FK Žalgiris Vilnius in 2001 before moving to Russian Premier League club FC Zenit Saint Petersburg in 2002, with whom he won the Russian Premier League Cup in 2003. He moved to Latvia in 2005 with Virslīga club, Liepājas Metalurgs. In his first season at the club, 2005, he scored in the 2–1 Latvian Cup final defeat to FK Ventspils on 25 September. In the 2006 Virslīga season he was third top scorer in the league with 13 goals and second top Liepājas Metalurgs scorer. He scored a hat-trick on 26 April in a 6–1 win over Dižvanagi Rēzekne. In December 2006 he was named joint best midfielder with Skonto player, Vitālijs Astafjevs for the 2006 season in Latvia by the Latvian Football Federation. He spent the first half of 2009 playing for Granit Mikashevichi in the Belarusian Premier League. During the summer transfer window of 2009 he was transferred to FC Metalurh Zaporizhya.
In August 2010 he joined the Latvian champions FK Liepājas Metalurgs once again, that season playing 10 matches and scoring no goals in the LMT Virsliga. After the 2010 season he was released from the club.
International career.
Miceika made his debut for Lithuania on 6 September 2006, against Scotland. Brought on as a substitute after 81 minutes, four minutes later he scored a goal, which ended up being his only goal for national team. Despite his goal, Lithuania lost the match 2–1.

</doc>
<doc id="6974127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974127" title="Ahnentafel of Harald V of Norway">
Ahnentafel of Harald V of Norway



</doc>
<doc id="6974135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974135" title="Ahnentafel of Nicholas II of Russia">
Ahnentafel of Nicholas II of Russia



</doc>
<doc id="6974137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974137" title="Jezersko Pass">
Jezersko Pass



</doc>
<doc id="6974138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974138" title="Rotherham Doncaster and South Humber NHS Foundation Trust">
Rotherham Doncaster and South Humber NHS Foundation Trust

The Rotherham Doncaster and South Humber NHS Foundation Trust, is a NHS Foundation Trust and Mental Healthcare Trust serving over 850,000 inhabitants of Doncaster, Rotherham and parts of South Humber. Its headquarters are situated at St Catherine's Hospital in Doncaster. It provides mental healthcare as well as contracted work for primary care trusts in South Yorkshire such as training and IT.
History.
The Trust was established as Doncaster Healthcare NHS Trust on 1 November 1991, and renamed the Doncaster and South Humber Healthcare NHS Trust on 1 October 1999 following the dissolution of Scunthorpe Community Health Care NHS Trust and merger of its services into the Trust. In April 2002 the Trust took on responsibility for the delivery of mental health services in Rotherham after Rotherham Priority Health Services NHS Trust was dissolved. The Trust underwent restructuring in June 2005 following the transfer of adult and older people's mental health services in North and North East Lincolnshire to primary care trust guardianship. It was authorised as a Foundation Trust on 1 August 2007, changing its name to Rotherham Doncaster and South Humber NHS Foundation Trust.
RDaSH's main base is St Catherine's Hospital; it also manages Tickhill Road Hospital and used to run now the defunct Loversall Hospital. It also operates at Doncaster Royal Infirmary, Rotherham General Hospital and Doncaster Gate Hospital. The Trust's annual budget is £83 million and it employs around 2590 members of staff.
Kathryn Singh, formerly Portfolio Director for the NHS Trust Development Authority, was appointed Chief Executive in February 2015.
The trust established a new centre, Carnson House, on Moorgate Road, Rotherham which also houses the Lifeline project where the two organisations will work together to expand and strengthen recovery options available.
Performance.
After an inspection by the Care Quality Commission in October 2016 its assessment was upgraded from “requires improvement” to “good”.

</doc>
<doc id="6974145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974145" title="Chinese ferret-badger">
Chinese ferret-badger

The Chinese ferret-badger (Melogale moschata), also known as the small-toothed ferret-badger, is a member of the Mustelidae, and widely distributed in Southeast Asia. It is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List and considered tolerant of modified habitat.
The Chinese ferret-badger is densely distributed from Northeast India north to Central China south to northern Indochina. The Formosan ferret-badger ("M. subaurantiaca") of Taiwan was formerly considered conspecific, but is now thought to be a distinct species.
Description.
Distinctive mask-like face markings distinguish the Chinese ferret-badger from most other oriental mustelids, although the other members of the genus "Melogale" have similar facial markings.
The average body size of the Chinese ferret-badger is with a tail of .
Distribution and habitat.
The Chinese ferret-badger lives in grassland, open forests, and tropical rainforests from northeast India to southern China, including Hainan Island, and south to Hong Kong and northern Indochina. They tolerate human disturbance well, and temporarily reside in agricultural areas such as rice paddies, soybean, cotton, or grass fields.
The ferret badger acclimates well to areas of human habitation, taking advantage of human-made sites suitable as resting spots, such as firewood stacks and rock piles, and using farmland and vegetable gardens as feeding sites. Ferret badgers create limited conflicts with surrounding human populations, as they rarely prey on chickens or livestock, and tend to not damage property.
Behaviour and ecology.
The Chinese ferret-badger is active at dusk and at night. It is a good climber. When alarmed it emits foul-smelling anal secretions. It rests during the day in burrows, such as small rodents' dens, or natural formations, such as rock crevices. They also construct makeshift shelters in shallow depressions in the ground.
They have small home ranges that, according to the results of a study from 1994 to 1996, average around in area. The home ranges of male and female ferret badgers overlap, suggesting a lack of territoriality between members of the species. Despite their small home ranges, however, ferret badgers are relatively nomadic creatures, moving from one resting spot to the next without establishing permanent residence. Ferret badgers may establish single-use resting spots, or choose to inhabit a particular place for a period of several days.
Diet.
The Chinese ferret-badger feeds on fruit, insects, small animals, and worms. Earthworms, amphibians and insects are important components of its diet. It also eats fleshy fruits such as of Chinese plum, oriental raisin tree, date-plum and Chinese kiwi.
Reproduction.
Chinese ferret-badgers mate in March. The female gives birth to a litter of up to three young in May or June. The new-borns are blind and well-furred, with the same colour pattern as the adults. Their eyes open at about two weeks of age.
Diseases.
The Chinese ferret-badger is associated with reported outbreaks of human rabies in southeastern China and Taiwan, which were first reported in 1997 and the most recent case in 2008. There have been no reported deaths in these cases; however, there is currently no rabies vaccine for ferret-badgers.
Threats.
Ferret badgers are among the most hunted fur-bearing animals in Southern China, but maintain relatively high population densities in part due to their nearly-inedible meat and the low prices of their pelts.

</doc>
<doc id="6974148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974148" title="Lesser Asia">
Lesser Asia



</doc>
<doc id="6974158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974158" title="Ahnentafel of Prince Wolfgang of Hesse">
Ahnentafel of Prince Wolfgang of Hesse



</doc>
<doc id="6974160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974160" title="Kosta Xetagurov">
Kosta Xetagurov



</doc>
<doc id="6974169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974169" title="Geotoken">
Geotoken



</doc>
<doc id="6974170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974170" title="Cliff Russell">
Cliff Russell

Clifford Antonio Russell (born February 8, 1979) is an American former professional football player who was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL). He was waived by the Denver Broncos on February 11, 2009.
Russell was selected by the Washington Redskins in the third round of the 2002 NFL draft. Russell has also been a member of the Cincinnati Bengals, Miami Dolphins, and Detroit Lions. He played college football for the Utah Utes.
Following his NFL career, he founded and has operated Ripped Performance, a fitness center in Ashburn, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="6974174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974174" title="Cancer Registry">
Cancer Registry



</doc>
<doc id="6974185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974185" title="Jezersko">
Jezersko

Jezersko may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6974198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974198" title="Atelomycterus">
Atelomycterus

Atelomycterus is a genus of coloured catsharks in the family Atelomycteridae.
Species.
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:

</doc>
<doc id="6974200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974200" title="The one am radio">
The one am radio



</doc>
<doc id="6974203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974203" title="Todd Brook">
Todd Brook

Todd Brook is a small river running through the English counties of Cheshire and Derbyshire.
The Brook rises beneath Shining Tor on the border between the two counties and flows northwards through east Cheshire, passing by Jenkin Chapel, Windgather Rocks and Kettleshulme before turning east, forming the border between Cheshire and Derbyshire for a short distance before filling Toddbrook Reservoir in Derbyshire.
The brook flows into the River Goyt at Whaley Bridge.
The brook's Environment Agency pollution classification changed from good to moderate in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6974208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974208" title="Ladies Home Journal">
Ladies Home Journal



</doc>
<doc id="6974219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974219" title="Gosport Borough Council">
Gosport Borough Council

Gosport Borough Council is the local authority for the borough of Gosport, in the county of Hampshire, England. The council consists of 28 councillors, two or three for each of the 14 wards in the town. It is currently controlled by the Liberal Democrats, 
led by Peter Chegwyn.
 The borough council is based at Gosport Town Hall.
History.
Gosport was historically part of the parish of Alverstoke. Gosport's first form of local government was a body of improvement commissioners known as the "Gosport Town Trustees", established in 1763. In 1874 the town trustees were replaced by a Local Board (also known as the Urban Sanitary Authority) and the local government district was enlarged to cover the whole parish of Alverstoke, and so the new body was called the "Alverstoke Local Board". The loss of the Gosport name from its governing body was a subject of ongoing debate in the area for some years afterwards, and in 1891 the local board was renamed the "Gosport and Alverstoke Local Board".
Under the Local Government Act 1894, such local government districts were reconstituted as urban districts, and so the council became the "Gosport and Alverstoke Urban District Council". On 9 November 1922 the urban district was made a municipal borough and the Alverstoke name was removed from its title. On 1 April 1974 the district became a non-metropolitan district, altering its powers and responsibilities but keeping the same area and name.
Governance.
Gosport Borough Council provides district-level services. County-level services are provided by Hampshire County Council. There are no civil parishes in the borough.
Political control.
The council has been under Liberal Democrat majority control since 2022.
Political control of the council since the 1974 reforms has been as follows:
Leadership.
The role of mayor is largely ceremonial in Gosport. Political leadership is instead provided by the leader of the council (formally the chair of the policy and organisation board). The leaders since 2007 have been:
Composition.
Following the 2024 election and a subsequent by-elections in July and November 2024, the composition of the council was:
The next election is due in May 2026.
Elections.
Since the last boundary changes in 2022 the council has comprised 28 councillors elected from 14 wards, with each ward electing two councillors. Elections are held in alternate years with half the council being elected each time (one councillor for each ward) for a four year term of office.
Premises.
The council is based at Gosport Town Hall on the High Street. The building was purpose-built for the council and was completed in 1964. The previous town hall of 1812 had been destroyed in the Portsmouth Blitz in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="6974225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974225" title="Common-place book">
Common-place book



</doc>
<doc id="6974226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974226" title="Jay Schottenstein">
Jay Schottenstein

Jay Schottenstein (born 1954) is an entrepreneur from Columbus, Ohio. He is the chairman and CEO of Schottenstein Stores Corporation, American Eagle Outfitters, and American Signature. He is the Executive Chairman of Designer Brands.
Early life.
Schottenstein was born and raised in Columbus, Ohio, to a Jewish family, the son of Geraldine (née Hurwitz) and Jerome Schottenstein. His father, uncles, and grandfather established Schottenstein Stores Corporation. Schottenstein graduated from Indiana University Bloomington in 1976.
Career.
In 1976, Schottenstein began working in his father's business, joining Value City Furniture.
Schottenstein became chairman of American Eagle Outfitters in 1992 and held the position of CEO from 1992 to 2002, and since December 2015. In 1993, after his father's death, he replaced his father as head of Schottenstein Stores Corporation. Since 2005, he has served as chairman of DSW.
Schottenstein oversees a network of businesses that include American Eagle Outfitters (NYSE:AEO), Designer Brands (NYSE:DBI), American Signature and Value City Furniture, SB360 Capital Partners and Schottenstein Property Group.
Personal life.
Jay Schottenstein is married to Jeanie Schottenstein (née Rabe). Schottenstein is a philanthropist and gives to local, national, and international charities.

</doc>
<doc id="6974232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974232" title="National Centre for Circus Arts">
National Centre for Circus Arts

The National Centre for Circus Arts (formerly the Circus Space) is a professional circus school in the Hoxton area in London that offers one of the UK's only university degree programmes in circus. It is a leading centre for contemporary circus training. It supports the professional development of circus performers and circus companies and runs youth and adult evening classes every week. It also runs the London Youth Circus.
History.
It was established in 1989 by Jonathan Graham with a number of other volunteers, including artistes/composers in residence,Lights In A Fat City with Artist in Residence Sheila Stewart, in a former timber yard in North Road London .Together they collaborated in developing and performing " Satellites 1 and 2 ".(now the site of the Pleasance Theatre). From the outset it has provided support for professional performers through practice time, devising space, company support and putting on shows, including the Circus Space Cabaret, plus an adult evening programme and a youth programme.
In 1994 it moved to Shoreditch Electric Light Station, a former power station, in Hoxton, starting a BTEC "National Diploma in Performing Arts (Circus)" in 1995 which ran to 1999. In 1998 it designed and delivered the tailor-made training programme for the 87 aerial artists who performed in the Millennium Show at the Millennium Dome. In 1999 it started to run a BA (Hons) two-year intensive course in "Theatre Practice – Contemporary Circus" in association with the Central School of Speech and Drama. The Foundation and Ba(Hons) degrees are now validated by the University of Kent (see below). Until recently, it was the only place you could achieve a degree in circus arts in the UK. However, in September 2014, Circomedia in Bristol launched a BA (Hons) in Contemporary Circus and Physical Performance, accredited by Bath Spa University.
The Circus Space was instrumental in the creation and development of The Generating Company.
In 2012 Circus Space – now the National Centre for Circus Arts – ran an eight-week intensive training programme for 42 deaf and disabled artists, preparing them to perform featured roles in the Opening Ceremony of the Paralympic Games at the Olympic Stadium in Stratford on 29 August 2012. Some of those artists who prepared for the spectacular high-wire act in the Paralympics Opening Ceremony at the Olympics 2012 included injured soldiers.
In March 2014, Circus Space was awarded national status and renamed the National Centre for Circus Arts. This was recognised as a major step in developing a culture of homegrown circus in the UK. Rufus Norris, now Artistic Director of the National Theatre, said in 2014:"One of the challenges in this country has been that a lot of the circus arts have been abroad – Europe, Canada, America, China, Russia. But we haven't really had a developed centre here – and now we do. That's fantastic in terms of what that promises in all kinds of ways."Former Joint Chief-Executive, Jane Rice-Bowen, said at the time:“For a long time we haven’t had the legitimacy of other art forms like ballet or opera and this is our moment to say circus is a brilliant art form.”
Degree programme.
The National Centre for Circus Arts accepts around 20–30 new students each year onto its two-year Foundation Degree in "Circus Arts" course. No academic requirements need to be met and admission is based purely on suitability and successful audition. Students undertake a training regime of 36 weeks per year. Upon finishing the course, students may then audition for a place on a final one-year course to achieve a BA (Hons) degree. Some students also go on to achieve a Postgraduate Certificate. The school's degrees are validated by the University of Kent.
It also offers a BTEC Level 3 Diploma in Performing Arts – Circus Arts course in partnership with Hackney College. The Diploma in Performing Arts is run by Hackney Community College. It is a one-year, full-time course which gives insight into circus and the wider performing arts sector.
As well as being a member of the Conservatoire for Dance and Drama, the National Centre for Circus Arts is also member of the European Federation of Professional Circus Schools (FEDEC).
National partnerships.
The National Centre for Circus Arts plays a role in a number of national partnership initiatives. The Circus Training Action Group, or CTAG, is a partnership of four UK Circus Schools (The Circus Space, Circomedia, Greentop Circus and Skylight) developing quality standards and the qualifications for circus skills in the UK.
The National Youth Circus Event, initiated in 2008 as part of the Young Peoples' Participatory Theatre project, was led by the National Centre (then The Circus Space) with partners including Albert and Friends Instant Circus and was hosted in 2009 by The Circus Space in London, in 2010 by Blackpool Youth Circus, and in 2011 by Greentop Circus and Swamp Circus Trust in Sheffield. Since 2011, the National Youth Circus Event has been hosted by the National Centre.
In 2013, the National Centre partnered with Gandini Juggling on their show "4 × 4 Ephemeral Architectures". The Gandinis embarked into new territory – pairing four ballet dancers with four jugglers – as part of a new commission by ROH Studio. As Sophie Rose, general manager of Gandinis explained: “For the last decade, Gandini Juggling have often had a guest dancer; a solitary figure, a magician illuminating patterns, framing and wandering amongst traces. This piece will revisit the company’s frequent obsessions with grids/patterns and mathematics and will be informed with a hovering new found theatricality.”
The National Centre for Circus Arts is a member of the Creative Industries Federation.
In 2016, the National Centre was awarded an "outstanding" two star Creative Industry Green certification for its commitment to reducing its environmental impact by Julie's Bicycle.
Alumni.
National Centre alumni include stars of Cirque du Soleil, the Royal Shakespeare Company and actress Sadie Frost, who learnt flying trapeze. Theatre director Daniel Kramer, TOWIE star Lucy Mecklenburgh and director Stephen Daldry have all trained at the organisation. Graduate company Circulus includes successful model and gentleman juggler Tom Gaskin, and film maker Remy Archer. National Centre graduate company Barely Methodical Troupe (BMT), founded by Beren D'Amico, Charlie Wheeller and Louis Gift, achieved critical success for their debut show "Bromance". Their experimental acrobatic circus company fuses Hand-to-Hand and Cyr Wheel with a through line of creative dynamic movement. Influenced by their already existing skill sets (Parkour, Bboying, and Tricking), they have a fresh perspective on the creation of circus. This combination of technical ability with their stylish flow is the defining feature of the troupe. They won the 2014 Total Theatre Award for circus. Their next show, "Kin", headlined CircusFest 2016 at the Roundhouse.

</doc>
<doc id="6974235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974235" title="Keith Newman">
Keith Newman

Keith Anthony Newman (born January 19, 1977) is an American former professional football linebacker. He played college football at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC, UNC-Chapel Hill, North Carolina, Chapel Hill) and was selected by the Buffalo Bills in the fourth round of the 1999 NFL draft.
Newman was also a member of the Atlanta Falcons, Minnesota Vikings and Miami Dolphins.
Early life.
Newman "lettered" for three seasons at Thomas Jefferson High School in Tampa, Florida.
Newman won the Guy Toph Award as a senior in 1994. He was the 55th winner of the award which is given to the top high school football player in Hillsborough County.
Newman caught 62 passes for 1,538 yards and 13 touchdowns while at Jefferson.
College career.
Newman attended the University of North Carolina and was a four-year letterman in football. In football, as a senior, he posted four sacks, 132 tackles, and an interception, and was a second-team All-Atlantic Coast Conference selection.

</doc>
<doc id="6974238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974238" title="Green Electronics">
Green Electronics



</doc>
<doc id="6974240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974240" title="Asymbolus">
Asymbolus

Asymbolus is a genus of catsharks in the family Pentanchidae, the deepwater catsharks.
Species.
The currently recognized species in this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="6974244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974244" title="Heinz Peter Amerer">
Heinz Peter Amerer



</doc>
<doc id="6974250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974250" title="HM7">
HM7



</doc>
<doc id="6974254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974254" title="Space Cabby">
Space Cabby



</doc>
<doc id="6974255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974255" title="French Food">
French Food



</doc>
<doc id="6974259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974259" title="White Pines College">
White Pines College



</doc>
<doc id="6974260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974260" title="Green Dragon (Middle-earth)">
Green Dragon (Middle-earth)



</doc>
<doc id="6974273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974273" title="Gulab Saipradit">
Gulab Saipradit



</doc>
<doc id="6974286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974286" title="Aulohalaelurus">
Aulohalaelurus

Aulohalaelurus is a genus of coloured catsharks in the family Atelomycteridae.

</doc>
<doc id="6974287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974287" title="Vulcain (rocket engine)">
Vulcain (rocket engine)

Vulcain is a family of European first stage rocket engines for Ariane 5 and Ariane 6. Its development began in 1988 and the first flight was completed in 1996. The updated version of the engine, Vulcain 2, was first successfully flown in 2005. Both members of the family use liquid oxygen/liquid hydrogen cryogenic fuel. The new version for Ariane 6 is called Vulcain 2.1.
History.
The Vulcain rocket engine is named in French for Vulcan, the ancient Roman god of fire. Its development, carried out by a European partnership, began in 1988 with the Ariane 5 rocket program. It first flew in 1996 powering the ill-fated flight 501 without being the cause of the disaster, and had its first successful flight in 1997 (flight 502).
In 2002 the upgraded Vulcain 2 with 20% more thrust first flew on flight 157, although a problem with the engine turned the flight into a failure. The cause was due to flight loads being much higher than expected, as the inquiry board concluded. Subsequently, the nozzle was redesigned to include mechanical reinforcement of the structure and improvement of the thermal situation of the tube wall through enhancing hydrogen coolant flow as well as applying a thermal barrier coating to the flame-facing side of the coolant tubes. The first successful flight of the (partially redesigned) Vulcain 2 occurred in 2005 on flight 521.
Further development.
On 17 June 2007 Volvo Aero announced that in spring of 2008 it expected to hot-fire test a Vulcain 2 nozzle manufactured with a new "sandwich" technology.
The development of the future version for Ariane 6, Vulcain 2.1, began in 2014. First flight-configuration engine nozzle was delivered in June 2017, reducing parts count by 90%, cost by 40% and production time by 30% comparing to the engine nozzle of Vulcain 2. The first launch of Vulcain 2.1 took place on 9 July 2024.
Overview.
The Vulcain is a gas-generator cycle rocket engine fed with cryogenic liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen. It features regenerative cooling through a tube wall design, and the Vulcain 2 introduced a particular film cooling for the lower part of the nozzle, where exhaust gas from the turbine is re-injected in the engine. It powers the first stage of the Ariane 5 launcher, the EPC (Étage Principal Cryotechnique, main cryogenic stage) and provide 8% of the total lift-off thrust (the rest being provided by the two solid rocket boosters). The engine operating time is 600 s in both configurations. 3 m tall and 1.76 m in diameter, the engine weighs 1686 kg and provides 137 t of thrust in its latest version. The oxygen turbopump rotates at 13600 rpm with a power of 3 MW while the hydrogen turbopump rotates at 34000 rpm with 12 MW of power. The total mass flow rate is 235 kg/s, of which 41.2 kg/s are of hydrogen.
Contractors.
The main contractor for the Vulcain engines is Snecma Moteurs (France), which also provides the liquid hydrogen turbopump. The liquid oxygen turbopump is the responsibility of Avio (Italy), and the gas turbines that power the turbopumps and the nozzle are developed by GKN (Formerly Volvo) (Sweden).

</doc>
<doc id="6974328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974328" title="Hengrave">
Hengrave

Hengrave is a small village and civil parish in the West Suffolk district, in the county of Suffolk, England. It is to the North of the town of Bury St Edmunds along the A1101 road. It is surrounded by the parishes of Flempton, Culford, Fornham St Genevieve, Fornham All Saints and Risby. The River Lark provides the North East boundary of the parish.
History.
The village is recorded in the Domesday Book in 1086 as "Hemegretham" meaning the homestead or village of Hemma's meadow. This is derived from the old Frisian word "grēd" meaning meadow or pasture. The parish was located in Thingoe Hundred.
Biodiversity.
The botanist Thomas Gage lived in Hengrave Hall and produced an account of plants, moss and lichen which he had found in the village, which was published in "The History and Antiquities of Hengrave in Suffolk" (1822) by his uncle, the historian John Gage Rokewode, who also lived in Hengrave Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="6974337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974337" title="Elijah wood">
Elijah wood



</doc>
<doc id="6974348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974348" title="In Search of Sunrise 2">
In Search of Sunrise 2

In Search of Sunrise 2 is the second album in the "In Search of Sunrise" series mixed by Dutch trance producer and DJ Tiësto, released on 30 November 2000 (see 2000 in music). It was released with a special leaflet inside and with a special slipcase. The mix was recorded in Sydney, Australia; therefore, it has sometimes been mentioned as "In Search of Sunrise 2: Australia" or "In Search of Sunrise 2: Sydney".
Note: The track times add up to 79:48, not 76:08. This is because Mekka - Diamondback is not included in versions of this set found online. Diamondback can be heard slightly at the 33:54 mark, but then the set skips to BT - Dreaming.

</doc>
<doc id="6974349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974349" title="Geotokens">
Geotokens



</doc>
<doc id="6974363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974363" title="Beatriz Lucero">
Beatriz Lucero



</doc>
<doc id="6974364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974364" title="Archdiocese of Saint Andrews and Edinburgh">
Archdiocese of Saint Andrews and Edinburgh



</doc>
<doc id="6974373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974373" title="Keith Patrick Cardinal O’Brien">
Keith Patrick Cardinal O’Brien



</doc>
<doc id="6974379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974379" title="Catholic Bishops' Conference of Scotland">
Catholic Bishops' Conference of Scotland



</doc>
<doc id="6974383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974383" title="Jerome Schottenstein">
Jerome Schottenstein

Jerome Meyer Schottenstein (; March 5, 1926 – March 10, 1992) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist, co-founder of Schottenstein Stores Corp.
Biography.
Jerome Schottenstein was born to a Jewish family, the son of Ephrayim Schottenstein, a Lithuanian Jewish immigrant, and Anna Schottenstein.
In 1917, Ephraim opened a retail shop on South Parsons Avenue on Columbus, Ohio’s south side. The department store would later be expanded by the next generation of Schottensteins, Ephraim and Anna’s four sons: Leon, Saul, Jerome, and Alvin.
Jerome attended the Yeshiva University school for boys. After graduation, he joined his family's business which became Schottenstein Stores Corp. Holdings included Schottenstein’s Stores, Value City Furniture, American Eagle Outfitters, Designer Shoe Warehouse, and Consolidated Stores (later known as Big Lots).
Since 1980 he served as member of Yeshiva University's board of trustees. He contributed several buildings to the university, including the Schottenstein Center on its Wilf Campus in Washington Heights. That facility houses the Schottenstein Theater, Florence and Sol Shenk Synagogue and beit midrash, Philip and Sarah Belz School of Jewish Music, Dr. Lillian Chutick and Dr. Rebecca Chutick Recital Room, and Mr. and Mrs. Harry Gampel Communications Center.
Jerome was also a founder and honorary life chairman of the Columbus Torah Academy and a major contributor to the Wexner Heritage House and Leo Yassenoff Jewish Center. He helped Jews throughout the world through his involvement with Aish HaTorah World Centre in Jerusalem, Israel.
Jerome Schottenstein was also a major financial contributor to the Schottenstein Edition of the Babylonian Talmud, which is the first Orthodox non-academic English translation of the Babylonian Talmud since the Soncino Edition.
Personal life.
Jerome Schottenstein married Geraldine Hurwitz, with whom he had four children: Jay, Ann Schottenstein Deshe (married to Ari Deshe), Susan Schottenstein Diamond (married to Jon Diamond) and Lori Schottenstein. His sons-in-law, Ari Deshe and Jon Diamond, are the founders of Safe Auto Insurance Company. His daughter founded the Lori Schottenstein Chabad Center of Columbus in New Albany, Ohio.
Legacy.
In 1996, Ohio State University built the Jerome Schottenstein Center for sports in Columbus. The center pays tribute to Schottenstein's many contributions to the city of Columbus.

</doc>
<doc id="6974387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974387" title="Juli Fernández">
Juli Fernández

Julià Fernàndez Ariza (born 19 November 1974) is an Andorran footballer. He currently plays for Santa Coloma and the Andorra national team. He has won both the Andorran First Division and the Andorran Cup several times.
Club career.
Fernàndez scored the only goal in the UEFA Cup 2007–08 first qualifying round against Maccabi Tel Aviv, the first goal ever in a win for a team from Andorra in a European Cup. However, Maccabi Tel Aviv went on to win 4–0.
International career.
He also scored a consolation goal for Andorra in the squad's 2008 UEFA European Football Championship qualifying match against Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="6974394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974394" title="Galeus">
Galeus

Galeus is a genus of deepwater catshark, belonging to the family Pentanchidae, commonly known as sawtail catsharks in reference to a distinctive saw-toothed crest of enlarged dermal denticles, found along the upper edges of their caudal fins. They are found in the Atlantic, the western and central Pacific, and the Gulf of California, inhabiting deep waters at or close to the sea floor. Members of this genus are rather small, slim sharks with firm bodies and thick, rough skin. Their heads are usually fairly long and pointed, and have large mouths with well-developed furrows at the corners. They have large pectoral and anal fins, and two similar dorsal fins placed well back. Many species are ornately patterned with dark saddles and/or blotches. Sawtail catsharks feed on various invertebrates and fishes, and may be either egg-laying or live-bearing. These harmless sharks are sometimes caught as bycatch but are of minimal commercial value.
Taxonomy.
"Galeus", derived from the Greek "galeos" meaning "shark", is one of the oldest carcharhiniform generic names. It was first used in a binomial by Constantine Samuel Rafinesque in his 1810 . Rafinesque listed "G. melastomus", "G. vulpecula" (="Alopias vulpinus"), "G. mustelus" (="Mustelus mustelus"), and "G. catulus" (="Scyliorhinus canicula"). Subsequently, in 1816 Georges Cuvier used "Galeus" to refer to the genus presently known as "Galeorhinus", and in 1818 William Elford Leach used "Galeus" to refer to genus presently known as "Mustelus". As a result, 19th century authors generally used "Galeus" for the tope sharks, and "Pristiurus", coined by Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1834, for the sawtail catsharks.
Rafinesque might have intended "G. mustelus" to be the type species for "Galeus", but of his listed species he furnished a description only for "G. melastomus". Therefore, in 1908 Henry Weed Fowler designated "G. melastomus" as the type species of "Galeus", establishing the genus to contain the sawtail catsharks. "Pristiurus" became a junior synonym, though it continued to appear in scientific literature for some time after. Fowler's definition of "Galeus" gained widespread acceptance after Henry Bryant Bigelow and William Charles Schroeder's 1948 taxonomic review. In 1952, Philip Orkin advocated that "Pristiurus" take precedence over "Galeus", based on David Starr Jordan and Barton Warren Evermann's (possibly questionable) designation of "G. mustelus" as a type species for "Galeus" in 1896. Leonard Compagno and most other recent authors have not upheld his proposal, in the interests of taxonomic stability.
Phylogeny and evolution.
Most taxonomic studies have concluded the closest relatives of "Galeus" to be "Apristurus", "Asymbolus", "Parmaturus", and/or "Cephalurus". Leonard Compagno has placed "Galeus" with "Apristurus", "Bythaelurus", "Cephalurus", "Parmaturus", and "Pentanchus" in the tribe Pentanchini of the subfamily Pentanchinae, based on morphological characters. "Galeus" was suggested to be the sister group of "Apristurus" in a 2005 phylogenetic study based on mitochondrial and nuclear DNA gene sequences, by Samuel Iglésias and colleagues. The affinity between "Galeus" and "Apristurus" was also upheld, albeit weakly, in a 2006 phylogenetic analysis based on three mitochondrial DNA genes, by Brett Human and colleagues. Within the genus, though the "G. arae" species complex, "G. atlanticus", "G. eastmani", "G. melastomus", "G. piperatus", "G. polli", and "G. sauteri" definitely form a monophyletic group, the assignment of other species (e.g. "G. murinus") within the genus is more problematic. In the aforementioned study by Iglésias and colleagues, which included five "Galeus" species, "G. eastmani", "G. gracilis", and "G. sauteri" were grouped into one clade and "G. melastomus" and "G. murinus" grouped into another. "Galeus" fossils, dating to the Burdigalian (20.43–15.97 Ma) and Langhian (15.97–13.65 Ma) stages of the early Miocene, have been recovered from France.
Distribution and habitat.
The centers of biodiversity for "Galeus" are the North Atlantic (8 species) and the northwestern Pacific (4 species). A few outlying species are found in the South Atlantic ("G. mincaronei" and "G. polli"), Oceania ("G. gracilis" and "G. priapus"), and the Gulf of California ("G. piperatus"). In the western Indian Ocean, this genus appears to be replaced by the ecologically similar genus "Holohalaelurus". Sawtail catsharks are demersal in habits and occur in deep water over outer continental and insular shelves and upper slopes.
Description.
Sawtail catsharks reach maximum lengths of between . They have slender, firm bodies and narrow, slightly flattened heads with short to long, pointed snouts. The nostrils are divided into incurrent and excurrent openings by triangular flaps of skin on their anterior rims. The horizontally oval eyes are placed mostly on the sides of the head and equipped with rudimentary nictitating membranes (protective third eyelids); below each eye is a subtle ridge, and behind is a small spiracle (auxiliary respiratory opening). The mouth is rather large and wide, and when closed the upper teeth are exposed. There are short to long furrows around the corners of the jaws. The teeth are small and number 47–78 rows in the upper jaw and 48–82 rows in the lower jaw; each tooth has a narrow central cusp flanked by one or more smaller cusplets on either side. There are five pairs of gill slits.
The two dorsal fins are nearly equal in size and shape, and are placed well back on the body, behind the origins of the pelvic fins. The pectoral fins are fairly large and broad, with angular to rounded corners. The pelvic fins are much smaller, and bear claspers in males; in "G. murinus" and "G. nipponensis", the pelvic fin inner margins are partially fused to form an "apron" over the base of the claspers. The anal fin is elongated and much larger than the pelvic and dorsal fins; its position relative to the pelvic and caudal fins varies from very close to well-spaced. The caudal peduncle can be nearly cylindrical to laterally compressed, depending on species. The caudal fin comprises more or less a quarter of the total length, and is low with a small lower lobe and a ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe.
The skin is thick and densely covered by small, overlapping, well-calcified dermal denticles; each denticle has a leaf-shaped crown with a horizontal ridge and three teeth on the posterior margin. There is a prominent, saw-like crest of enlarged denticles along the dorsal margin of the caudal fin. "G. murinus" and "G. springeri" also have a similar crest along the ventral margin of the caudal fin. "Galeus" species are typically grayish or brownish above and lighter below, and most have a pattern of darker saddles and/or blotches along the back and tail. The interior of the mouth may be light or dark.
Biology and ecology.
Natural history data is scant for most "Galeus" species. They feed on various types of invertebrates and fishes on or near the bottom. In Suruga Bay, the dietary compositions of "G. eastmani" and juvenile "G. nipponensis" differ significantly, suggesting there is reduced interspecific competition between co-occurring "Galeus" species. Reproductive modes within the genus are notably diverse: while most species are oviparous and lay encapsulated eggs on the sea floor, there is a single aplacental viviparous species ("G. polli") that retains eggs internally and gives live birth. Among the oviparous species, most (e.g. "G. murinus", "G. nipponensis") exhibit single oviparity, in which only a single egg matures within each of the female's oviducts at a time. In contrast, a few species such as "G. atlanticus" and "G. melastomus" exhibit multiple oviparity, in which several eggs can mature within each oviduct simultaneously. Single oviparity is considered to be the basal condition, while multiple oviparity and aplacental viviparity are thought to be more derived.
Human interactions.
Sawtail catsharks pose no danger to humans and have little economic value, though varying numbers are caught incidentally by deepwater commercial fisheries. Some of the larger species, such as "G. melastomus" and "G. polli", are occasionally utilized for meat, fishmeal, and/or leather. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed "G. atlanticus" and "G. mincaronei", both of which have very restricted distributions, as Near Threatened and Vulnerable respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="6974397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974397" title="Ferret-badger">
Ferret-badger

Ferret-badgers are the six species of the genus Melogale, which is the only genus of the monotypic mustelid subfamily Helictidinae.
Human impact.
The ferret-badger's impact on humans is through the spread of rabies. This has been documented in Taiwan and China but lack of prior documentation and research on ferret-badgers has proven a roadblock.

</doc>
<doc id="6974403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974403" title="Psycho House">
Psycho House

Psycho House (sometimes referred to as Psycho House: Psycho III) is a 1990 horror novel by American writer Robert Bloch. It is a sequel to the 1959 novel "Psycho" and the 1982 novel "Psycho II".
The novel is not related to the 1986 film "Psycho III" or the 1990 film "".
Plot summary.
Ten years after Norman Bates' death, a local entrepreneur has rebuilt the Bates Motel in Fairvale as a tourist attraction. Amy Haines travels to the infamous "Psycho House" to write a book about Bates when mysterious murders begin to occur. Haines faces resistance from the community when she enlists the help of a group to investigate the murders.

</doc>
<doc id="6974418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974418" title="The Arthur Askey Show">
The Arthur Askey Show

The Arthur Askey Show is a black-and-white British sitcom starring Arthur Askey that ran for six episodes in 1961. It was written by Dave Freeman. It was made for the ITV network by ATV. The following year Askey appeared in another series "Raise Your Glasses" on the BBC.
Plot.
"The Arthur Askey Show" is set in 1910. Arthur Pilbeam's wife, Emily, is considerably younger than he is. The next door neighbours are Mr. and Mrs. Rossiter. Amongst the guest stars to make appearances are Sam Kydd, who had appeared in "Arthur's Treasured Volumes" the year before, and Guy Middleton.
Episodes.
Six more episodes were made, but they were never transmitted. All twelve episodes still exist.
1959 show.
"The Arthur Askey Show" was also the name of a six-part ITV stand-up and sketch show featuring Arthur Askey that ran sporadically from 28 February 1959 to 3 September 1960. Three episodes lasted 55 minutes, and three lasted 60 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="6974420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974420" title="Archbishop of Saint Andrews and Edinburgh">
Archbishop of Saint Andrews and Edinburgh



</doc>
<doc id="6974421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974421" title="Wall of People">
Wall of People



</doc>
<doc id="6974423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974423" title="Archbishop and Metropolitan of St Andrews and Edinburgh">
Archbishop and Metropolitan of St Andrews and Edinburgh



</doc>
<doc id="6974424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974424" title="Besnier-Boeck disease">
Besnier-Boeck disease



</doc>
<doc id="6974426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974426" title="Besnier Boeck disease">
Besnier Boeck disease



</doc>
<doc id="6974428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974428" title="Bunny Lake Is Missing (novel)">
Bunny Lake Is Missing (novel)

Bunny Lake Is Missing is a 1957 novel by Merriam Modell (writing as Evelyn Piper) set in New York City.
Plot introduction.
Blanche Lake, a 21-year-old single mother, wants to collect her three-year-old daughter Bunny from her first day at day care but finds that she is not there. Over the course of the ensuing night, she tries everything in her power to find out what has happened to her. Before daybreak, she thinks she knows where Bunny is.
The plot takes place all within the space of 24 hours.
Adaptations.
The novel was adapted as a film in 1965, directed by Otto Preminger and starring Laurence Olivier, Carol Lynley, Keir Dullea, Martita Hunt and Noël Coward. The locale was changed from New York to London and the ending was changed.
A remake was planned in 2007, to be directed by Joe Carnahan with Reese Witherspoon in the lead. The project collapsed when Witherspoon withdrew.
A stage production, adapted by Ken Simon from the novel, played January 4–14, 2012 at The Brick Theater in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.

</doc>
<doc id="6974429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974429" title="Colin Angus (musician)">
Colin Angus (musician)



</doc>
<doc id="6974432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974432" title="Keith Cardinal O’Brien">
Keith Cardinal O’Brien



</doc>
<doc id="6974433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974433" title="Soul Avengerz">
Soul Avengerz

Soul Avengerz is a British dance and techno group. The group charted two hits on the UK Singles Chart and had a string of charting singles on the UK Dance singles chart.
Biography.
The group's "Sing" EP, featuring vocalist Angie Brown, reached #89 on the UK singles chart and #2 on the UK dance chart in 2006, their highest placement on the dance charts. They worked with Javine Hilton to produce the 2006 single "Don't Let the Morning Come", showing Javine's new music style, before she went from R&amp;B to perform dance music. "Don't Let the Morning Come" peaked at #49 on the singles chart and #13 on the dance chart, making it their highest-charting pop hit.

</doc>
<doc id="6974437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974437" title="Gymnopaidia">
Gymnopaidia



</doc>
<doc id="6974438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974438" title="The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie">
The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie

The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie is a book by Thomas Fink and Yong Mao about the history of the knotted neckcloth, the modern necktie, and how to tie each. It is based on two mathematics papers published by the authors in "Nature" and "Physica A" while they were research fellows at Cambridge University’s Cavendish Laboratory. The authors prove that, assuming both the tie and the wearer to be of typical size, there are exactly 85 ways of tying a necktie using the conventional method of wrapping the wide end of the tie around the narrow end. They describe each and highlight those that they determine to be historically notable or aesthetically pleasing.
It was published by Fourth Estate on November 4, 1999, and subsequently published in nine other languages.
The mathematics.
The discovery of all possible ways to tie a tie depends on a mathematical formulation of the act of tying a tie. In their papers (which are technical) and book (which is for a lay audience, apart from an appendix), the authors show that necktie knots are equivalent to persistent random walks on a triangular lattice, with some constraints on how the walks begin and end. Thus enumerating tie knots of "n" moves is equivalent to enumerating walks of "n" steps. Imposing the conditions of symmetry and balance reduces the 85 knots to 13 aesthetic ones.
Knot representation.
The basic idea is that tie knots can be described as a sequence of five
different possible moves, although not all moves can follow each other. These are summarized as follows. All diagrams are as the tie would appear were you wearing it and looking in a mirror.
With this shorthand, traditional and new knots can be compactly expressed, as below. Note that any knot that begins with an o move must start with the tie turned inside out around the neck.
Knots.
Selection criteria.
Of the 85 knots possible with a typical necktie, Fink and Mao selected thirteen as "aesthetic knots" suitable for use. They made their selection based on three criteria: shape, symmetry, and balance.
Shape.
In Fink and Mao's classification, each of the 85 tie knots belongs to a particular "class", which is defined by its total number of moves and its number of centering moves. For example, the four-in-hand is a four-move, one-center knot, while the half-Windsor is a six-move, two-center knot. Knots with fewer centering moves, less than one-third of the total, appear narrower and more elongated, while knots with more centering moves appear wider and more squat. Due to the triangular nature of tie knots, the number of centering moves must necessarily be less than half the total number of moves.
There are a total of 16 classes, ranging from three moves with one center to nine moves with four centers, but only classes in which the ratio of centering moves to total moves is 1:6 or greater contain an aesthetic knot, eliminating three classes (ten knots) for a remaining 13 classes, with 75 knots. (In the "Nature" paper, the lower bound was placed at a more restrictive 1:4, eliminating the knot classes containing the Kelvin, Victoria, and Grantchester; this was likely revised specifically in order to include the Victoria/Prince Albert, which has fairly extensive historical documentation.) The most representative knot in each remaining class was then selected on the basis of symmetry and balance.
Symmetry.
Symmetry in the case of tie knots can refer to two possible qualities: "visual" symmetry (the extent to which the knot appears to be shaped identically on the left and right side), and "mathematical" symmetry (the number of L and R moves being as close to equal as possible). Fink and Mao refer to the latter, even though some knots that are slightly asymmetrical (such as the Nicky and the Windsor) appear symmetrical to the eye. Only knots with an equal number of total L and R moves can be mathematically symmetrical, while the remainder of the aesthetic knots will necessarily have one greater L or R move.
Balance.
Fink and Mao describe balance as "the extent to which the moves are well-mixed", citing a tighter knot that comes loose less easily as its primary virtue. It is calculated by a particular formula, but can be best understood by the layman as the degree to which the L, R, and C moves are evenly distributed throughout the knotting sequence, and the extent to which the L-R or R-L pattern continues uninterrupted after non-terminal centering moves (which requires a change of winding direction from counterclockwise to clockwise, or vice versa). Each of the aesthetic knots displays these qualities.
A number of knots have virtually identical variants, which differ by the transposition of L and R pairs. For instance, a variant of the Half-Windsor, Li Ro Ci Lo Ri Co T (Knot 7), is the knot Li Ro Ci Ro Li Co T (Knot 8), sometimes called the co-Half-Windsor. References to the Half-Windsor in the literature sometimes refer to one, sometimes to the other. For the purposes of the book, when a knot has at least one variant (i.e., when two or more knots, at the greatest degree of symmetry for their class, share the same basic structure apart from one or more transposed L-R pairs), the most balanced version is given the standard designation, while the others are labeled as variants, irrespective of qualities such as being self-releasing (coming undone when the narrow end is pulled out). Thus, the more balanced of the two "half-Windsor" knots is given a lower numbering and the name "Half-Windsor", even though the slightly less balanced "co-Half-Windsor" variant is equally known as the "Half-Windsor" in men's style literature, and has the benefit of being self-releasing, and the most common way of tying the Windsor knot is called "co-Windsor 3" by Fink and Mao. However, this is not intended to mark an aesthetic preference for one variant over the other(s); as the authors note in their journal articles, "We do not attempt to distinguish between these knots and their counterparts; this much we leave to the sartorial discretion of the reader."
Three of the aesthetic knots (the St Andrew, Cavendish, and Grantchester) have the same symmetry and balance values as at least one other knot in their class; in this case, they appear to have been selected based on how evenly they distribute the unbalanced portions throughout the knot. This can be readily seen when one views these knots as combinations of two smaller knots, as the balance values of each component add up to the balance value of the final knot. In unbalanced knots where the balance value is odd, it is broken up so that the more unbalanced portion of the two is placed towards the beginning of the knot. This is probably intended to help the outermost portion of the knot keep its shape and remain tight.
The 13 aesthetic knots.
The thirteen aesthetic knots described in the book, in order of size, are as follows. Terminal sequences (the final three moves that end in the tying of the knot) are in bold. The knots are sometimes designated by their number alone (e.g., FM2 for the four-in-hand, with "FM" standing for Fink-Mao). A knot is self-releasing if, when the thin end is pulled out through the knot, no knot is left; as all knots start on the left, a knot is self-releasing if the terminal sequence is Ro Li Co; it is "not" self-releasing if the terminal sequence is Lo Ri Co. Symmetry and self-releasing are in complementary distribution for knots with the greatest degree of balance for their class.
Three common variant knots are as follows. They are included for their commonality (Pratt, Half-Windsor variant), or for being self-releasing when their more "aesthetic" counterparts are not (Half-Windsor variant, Hanover variant). The Half-Windsor and Hanover variants have the advantage of being both symmetrical and self-releasing, but are less balanced than their counterparts above:
Reviews.
The book was reviewed in "Nature", "The Daily Telegraph", "The Guardian", "GQ", "Physics World", and others.

</doc>
<doc id="6974439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974439" title="William Mons">
William Mons



</doc>
<doc id="6974444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974444" title="Laser camera system">
Laser camera system



</doc>
<doc id="6974450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974450" title="Berkeley Amtrak Station (Capitol Corridor)">
Berkeley Amtrak Station (Capitol Corridor)



</doc>
<doc id="6974455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974455" title="Double headed">
Double headed



</doc>
<doc id="6974456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974456" title="Contract plagiarism">
Contract plagiarism



</doc>
<doc id="6974460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974460" title="Doctor Emmett Brown">
Doctor Emmett Brown



</doc>
<doc id="6974462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974462" title="Holohalaelurus">
Holohalaelurus

Holohalaelurus is a genus of deepwater catshark belonging to the family Pentanchidae, commonly known as Izak catsharks or hallelujah sharks.
Member species of this genus are distributed in the western Indian Ocean off the coasts of various Southern African and East African countries, from Kenya to Namibia.

</doc>
<doc id="6974465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974465" title="Berkeley (Amtrak Station)">
Berkeley (Amtrak Station)



</doc>
<doc id="6974466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974466" title="Free software community">
Free software community



</doc>
<doc id="6974467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974467" title="Sweet Pepperbush">
Sweet Pepperbush



</doc>
<doc id="6974475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974475" title="Hbti">
Hbti



</doc>
<doc id="6974479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974479" title="Poroderma">
Poroderma

Poroderma is a genus of catsharks, and part of the family Scyliorhinidae. The color of these sharks are usually grey with dark stripes. They are found in South Africa and are nocturnal. They live preferably in shore areas, close to the bottom, to depths of 100 m. They prefer small caves and crevices. Their diet usually consists of crustaceans, but they also feed on small fish. Their average size is between 60 and 80 cm, with a maximum total length of about 100 cm. Their birth size is about 15 cm. They are harmless to humans.

</doc>
<doc id="6974490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974490" title="Used nuclear fuel">
Used nuclear fuel



</doc>
<doc id="6974495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974495" title="St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church (Wilder, Kentucky)">
St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church (Wilder, Kentucky)

The St. John the Baptist Roman Catholic Church in Wilder, Kentucky is located at 1307 John's Hill Road near Northern Kentucky University. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
A stone church was built on the present site in 1858. The parish was begun by nine German immigrant families, 11 years earlier in 1847. The first church was a log cabin structure built on the top of John's Hill Rd.
The present site is in Campbell County, Kentucky overlooking the Licking River. During the American Civil War the site was used as part of the defense of Cincinnati, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="6974497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974497" title="Ring flash">
Ring flash

A ring flash is a circular light that is often operated with a camera lens in the center to take photographs. Unlike point light sources, a ring flash can illuminate a subject with minimal shadows by closely and evenly surrounding the optical axis of the camera lens. This makes it a popular choice for various types of photography, including macro, portrait and fashion photography.
Closely related to the ring flash is the continuous ring light, which can produce a consistent level of light for video recording or to see a live preview before capturing photographs. Continuous ring lights are popular for improving picture quality on video calls, social media selfies, and video blogging. For example, Cornell University offers a photo kiosk equipped with a continuous ring light and iPad to take social media profile pictures for students, faculty, staff, and alumni.
Modern continuous ring lights frequently use light-emitting diodes (LEDs) because they are bright, energy-efficient, and capable of producing quality light.
Ring lights and flashes vary in diameter and thickness, as well as the amount, color temperature, and quality (imperfectly indicated by color rendering index, or CRI) of light output. Some ring lights allow for the adjustment of brightness and color temperature.
History.
The ring flash was first invented by Lester A. Dine in 1952 for use in dental photography.
Construction.
A macro ring flash typically consists of a power and control unit mounted on a hot shoe, and a circular flash unit mounted on the front of a lens. Power is supplied by batteries in the shoe-mount unit and a cable conveys power and control signals to the circular flash unit. In larger ring flashes, which are typically used for fashion photography, power may be supplied by an external battery or line power supply, or the power supply and light may be combined in one unit.
Light is usually generated by one or more flash tubes or by multiple LEDs. In some flash units with multiple flash tubes, each flash tube can be independently enabled. Some ring flashes have focusing lenses that result in ideal light distribution at a particular distance from the subject.
Other devices are available that project light in a fashion similar to ring flashes. For example, flash diffusers have no light source of their own, but instead mount in front of a conventional flash unit and transmit the light to a ring-shaped diffuser at the front of the lens. Some other passive light modifiers can shape the light from a conventional shoe-mounted flash into that of a ring flash. These adapters use diffusers and reflectors to "bend" the light in an arc around the lens axis and then emit the light from that arc. These devices maintain any through-the-lens (TTL) lighting functions that are shared by the camera and flash because the timing of the light has not changed.
Applications.
Ring flashes are commonly used in macro (close-up) photography. When the subject is very close to the camera, the distance of the flash from the optical axis becomes significant. For objects close to the camera, the size of the ring flash is significant and so the light encounters the subject from many angles in the same way that it does with a conventional flash with soft box. This has the effect of further softening any shadows.
Ring flashes are popular in portrait and fashion photography because they soften the shadows created by other, off-axis lights, and create interesting circular highlights in a model's eyes. Ring Lights are also often used in the beauty and cosmetic industry, mostly by make-up artists. This is due to the lightweight and compact features of a ring light that make it suitable for freelance beauty and make-up artists.
Ring flashes became more popular during the COVID-19 pandemic due to the growth of social media, specifically TikTok. Users purchased and used these ring lights to improve their lighting while allowing them to attach their phones between the lights. Their price varies from $10 to $100, and people tend to purchase them online.
Ring flashes are also used in microscopy. The ring flash (usually LED) is mounted on the objective lens of an optical microscope. The main use of this tool is the photographing of microscopic organisms. A ring flash works on a microscope in much the same way as it does on a camera; it reduces reflections while bathing the subject in light.

</doc>
<doc id="6974504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974504" title="Schroederichthys">
Schroederichthys

Schroederichthys is a genus of coloured catsharks in the family Atelomycteridae.
Etymology.
The genus name "Schroederichthys" honors ichthyologist William Charles Schroeder.

</doc>
<doc id="6974506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974506" title="Golden Arrow Bus Service">
Golden Arrow Bus Service



</doc>
<doc id="6974507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974507" title="Kashchey the Deathless">
Kashchey the Deathless

Kashchey the Deathless (subtitle: A Little Autumn Fairy Tale) ( , Kashchey the Immortal) is a one-act opera in three scenes by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov. The libretto was written by the composer, and is based on a Russian fairy tale about Koschei the Deathless, an evil, ugly old wizard, who menaced principally young women. Rimsky-Korsakov perceived it as 'an autumn tale' that is juxtaposed to his previous 'spring tale', "The Snow Maiden". A similar fairy tale was also used by Igor Stravinsky (Rimsky-Korsakov's pupil) and Michel Fokine to create their iconic ballet, "The Firebird".
The opera was composed during 1901–1902 and the work was completed in 1902. It was first performed the same year in Moscow.
Performance history.
The premiere took place on 25 December (O.S. 12 December) 1902 at the Solodovnikov Theater in Moscow. It was conducted by Mikhail Ippolitov-Ivanov with set designs by Sergey Malyutin.
The St. Petersburg premiere followed on 9 April (O.S. 27 March) 1905 and was given at the Komissarzhevskaya Drama Theatre performed by students of the St. Petersburg Conservatory and conducted by Alexander Glazunov.
Other important premieres took place in 1917 at the Bolshoi Theatre, Moscow, conducted by Emil Cooper; in 1919 in Petrograd at the Theatre of Opera and Ballet conducted by Khessin; in 1924 in Barcelona, given in Russian; and in 1928 in Salzburg, also given in Russian.
The United Kingdom premiere took place in 1994 (to celebrate the 150th anniversary of the composer's birthday). The work was given more recently in London, in concert performance on 5 September 2008.
The United States premiere, given in Russian, took place in January 2018, at Island City Opera in Alameda, California conducted by Lidiya Yankovskaya, directed by Richard Bogart.
The Australian premiere, sung in Russian, took place on 18 March 2018 in the Melbourne Recital Centre, Melbourne, Australia. Produced by CitiOpera, conducted by Alan Cook 
Roles.
Publication.
The full score and vocal score were published by Bessel in 1902 and also in Rimsky-Korsakov's "Complete Works", volumes 12 and 40, Muzgiz, Moscow 1954.
Synopsis.
Scene 1.
"Kashchey's realm"
The beautiful Tsarevna Beloved Beauty (), imprisoned by the evil wizard Kashchey the Deathless in his gloomy kingdom, longs for her beloved groom Ivan-Korolevich. She is upset when she looks into Kashchey's magic mirror and sees Ivan together with Kashcheyevna, the daughter of Kashchey. Kashchey is afraid that Ivan could discover the secret of his immortality and cause his death. He reveals that he hid his death in one of Kashcheyevna's tears: if she ever cries, Kashchey will be able to die. Fortunately for Kashchey, Kashcheyevna is hard and cold. Kashchey breaks the mirror and sends the Burya-Bogatyr (Storm Knight) to Kashcheyevna to ask how safely she keeps his death.
Scene 2.
"Kashcheyevna's domain"
Kashcheyevna prepares a magic potion to lull the Prince to sleep and force him to forget his beautiful Princess. She also whets her sword, planning to kill Ivan while he sleeps. When Ivan-Korolevich enters, she gives him the potion and tries to seduce him. He falls asleep and Kashcheyevna tries to strike his head off, but cannot do it. Burya-Bogatyr suddenly appears, awakening Ivan and ending Kashcheyevna's charm. Burya-Bogatyr also reveals that the Tsarevna is imprisoned in Kashchey's kingdom and that Kashcheyevna has something to do with preserving Kashchey's immortality. Ivan follows Burya-Bogatyr back to Kashchey's kingdom.
Scene 3.
"Kashchey's realm"
The Tsarevna sings a lullaby to Kashchey. Ivan arrives and attempts to free the Tsarevna. Kashcheyevna arrives and pleads with Ivan to go with her instead, since he is the first man to awaken love in her heart. Moved to compassion, the Tsarevna kisses Kashcheyevna, who begins to cry. Invisible voices announce the death of Kashchey. Kashcheyevna is turned into a weeping willow. Burya-Bogatyr opens the gates to show the lovers the way out of the gloomy kingdom, and into the world of light, spring, and love.
Recordings.
Audio recordings ("Mainly studio recordings")

</doc>
<doc id="6974510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974510" title="Dr. Cluny MacPherson">
Dr. Cluny MacPherson



</doc>
<doc id="6974517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974517" title="Hunters Creek">
Hunters Creek

Hunters Creek or Hunter Creek may refer to a location in the United States:

</doc>
<doc id="6974520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974520" title="Peter S. Beagle's &quot;Two Hearts&quot;">
Peter S. Beagle's &quot;Two Hearts&quot;



</doc>
<doc id="6974525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974525" title="Ceilao">
Ceilao



</doc>
<doc id="6974526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974526" title="Hunters creek">
Hunters creek



</doc>
<doc id="6974542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974542" title="RCRC">
RCRC

RCRC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6974550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974550" title="Foamy Ed">
Foamy Ed

Foamy Ed is a New Zealand pop punk girl band.
They formed in high school in 1996, since then the band released their debut EP "Go Where U Know" in 2000 and another EP "A Moment's Need". They have performed in the Big Day Out and many national gigs. They have also performed alongside huge international bands such as Blink 182, Pennywise, 28 Days, The Vandals, The 5.6.7.8's, Plain Sunset and BugGirl. New Zealand supports include; Fur Patrol, Elemeno P, HLAH, The Feelers, Sommerset and many more.
In 2003, Aimee left the band and Mieke was brought in to replace her on guitar. Aimee returned in 2004 to make Foamy Ed a five piece.
Lani Purkis is currently in another band Elemeno P.

</doc>
<doc id="6974552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974552" title="RCAR">
RCAR

RCAR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6974555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974555" title="Julian Osgood Field">
Julian Osgood Field

Julian Osgood Field (1852–1925) was an American socialite and writer. Some of his works were published under the pseudonyms X.L. or Sigma.
Biography.
Julian Osgood Field was born on April 23, 1852, the son of Maunsell Bradhurst Field (1822–75), who was an official of the US Treasury under Abraham Lincoln, and Julia Field (née Stanton). Educated in England, he lived largely in London and Paris and became an intimate of the future King Edward VII of Great Britain. Field used the pseudonym "X.L." (or "Sigma") to write decadent horror fiction. His anonymously authored books of recollections have been mined by biographers.
Despite his background, Field was a crook, moneylender's tout, and undischarged bankrupt, pursued by many creditors. 
In 1901 he was sentenced to three months in prison for forging a document under the signature of a representative of Lord Astor's estate office which claimed he was to be paid a large sum of money for authoring society novels. Field used the document in an attempt to raise a loan.
He was responsible for involving Lady Ida Sitwell, mother of Osbert Sitwell, Sacheverell Sitwell and Edith Sitwell in a long-running financial scandal, which began in 1912. In 1914, Lady Ida successfully sued Field for fraud and breach of duty. The following year, she was imprisoned for three months, and Field for 18 months, for conspiring to defraud another wealthy lady, Francis Bennett Dobbs.

</doc>
<doc id="6974556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974556" title="Jagakarsa">
Jagakarsa

Jagakarsa is the southernmost district () in the administrative city of South Jakarta, Indonesia. Jagakarsa is bounded by Ciliwung River to the east, Krukut River to the west, and Margasatwa-Sagu-Joe-T.B.Simatupang-Poltangan Road to the north, while the boundary marches with Depok city to the south.
As one of the southernmost districts of Jakarta, Jagakarsa has a relatively higher elevation (average 52-meter above sea level) and a cooler climate than the rest of Jakarta (average 25–27-degree Celsius). Jagakarsa has been allotted for water reservoir use, resulting in low footprint for buildings in Jagakarsa and high amount of green area.
History.
The oldest part of Jagakarsa formed part of the "particuliere land" or private domain of Tandjong West. Its first recorded owner was Jan Andries Duurkoop, who bought the estate from an unknown prior owner between 1760 and 1780. Duurkoop utilized the estate as grazing land where he kept about five thousand cattle heads, producing milk and meat for the growing urban settlement of Batavia (now Jakarta). Duurkoop died in 1792; and his widow, Johanna Adriana Christina Duurkoop, remarried to Conraag Johnas, then moved to Japan for the latter's military career. The couple later returned to Batavia, where Conraag Johnas died in 1803. The estate of Tandjong West was inherited by descendants of Johanna Adriana Christina Duurkoop in 1838.
By the early twentieth century, the estate of Tandjong West was owned by a company, N. V. Landbouw Maatschappij Tandjong West, headed by the prominent landlord ('landheer') Tan Liok Tiauw, of the late colonial period.
Cultural significance.
Jagakarsa contains the northern portion of the complex of University of Indonesia. 
The area is also strongly associated with the local Betawi culture of Jakarta, in particular local music. Various Betawi musical genres that thrive in Jagakarsa include Tanjidor, Tari Topeng, Wayang kulit, Gambus ensemble, and Gambang Kromong. Many Betawi kampungs in the locality are also famous for their rebana ensembles, including in the "kelurahan" (urban villages) of Jagakarsa, Lenteng Agung, and Tanjung Barat.
Lake Babakan and Lake Mangga Bolong are the largest water reservoirs in Jagakarsa, also functioning as recreation areas. Lake Babakan is particularly known for its Betawi people, who used the edges of the lake for fish-farming.
Subdistricts.
The district of Jagakarsa is divided into five subdistricts ("kelurahan"):
Transportation.
The Bogor-Kota line of Jakarta Commuter rail passed through Jagakarsa District. 
Rail access to the district is: 

</doc>
<doc id="6974557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974557" title="Kashchey the Immortal">
Kashchey the Immortal



</doc>
<doc id="6974565" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974565" title="Ruefrex">
Ruefrex

Ruefrex, originally called Roofwrecks, were a punk rock band from Belfast, Northern Ireland, formed in 1977.
History.
The band was formed in 1977 by Paul Burgess and Tom Coulter at the Boys Model School in Belfast, Coulter originally acting as vocalist but sticking to bass when Ivan Kelly joined. Kelly left in 1979 to join London band The Wall, and was replaced by Allan Clarke. By the time of their first release, "One By One" on Terri Hooley's Good Vibrations label, they had also been joined by guitarist Jackie Forgie. They had two hits on the UK Independent Chart, "Capital Letters", which reached number 31, and "Wild Colonial Boy" which reached number 46.
They released their debut album, "Flowers for all Occasions", on Kasper Records in 1985. It received a five-star review from "Sounds", with Roger Holland describing it as a "positively heroic album".
They were notable for their anti-sectarian stance at a time when the Troubles were at their height in Northern Ireland. A later line-up of the band featured Gordy Blair who also performed with Highway Star, the band that was to become Stiff Little Fingers. In 1976 he joined Belfast punk band Rudi. Forgie joined Colenso Parade and later formed the Black Taxi Ballads.
Discography.
"One By One" (EP).
Recorded at Wizard Studio's, Belfast. Released: Good Vibrations [GOT 8] 1979.
Tracks: 
Line Up:
"Capital Letters/April Fool" (7 inch).
Recorded at Downtown Radio Studio, Newtownards. (Taken from Downtown Radio session master March 1980) Released: Kabuki Records [KAR 7] 1983.
Line Up:
"Paid In Kind/Perfect Crime" (7 inch).
Released: One to One Records [1X1] 1984. Produced, Engineered and Directed by Ruefrex and Keith McCormick. Recorded at Unknown. ('The Perfect Crime' from Downtown Radio session, March 1980)
Line Up:
"Wild Colonial Boy (Parts 1 and 2)" (7 inch).
Recorded at Unknown. Produced by Hugh Matier with Ruefrex. Released: Kasper [KAT 1] 1985.
Line Up:
"Wild Colonial Boy/Even In The Dark Hours" (7 inch).
Recorded at Unknown. Produced by Mick Glossop.
Released: Kasper [KAS 3] 1986.
Line Up:
"In The Traps/Lenders Of The Last Resort" (7 inch).
Recorded at Unknown. Produced by Mick Glossop. Released: Kasper [KAS 3] 1986.
Line Up:
"Wild Colonial Boy (Extended Version)/Even In The Dark Hours" (12 inch).
Released: Kasper [12KAS 2] 1985.
Line Up:
"In The Traps/Lenders Of The Last Resort" (12 inch).
Recorded at Unknown. Produced by Mick Glossop. Released: Kasper Records [12KAS3] 1986.
Line Up:
"Flowers For All Occasions" (LP).
Recorded at Music Works, London, N7. (16th - 29th Oct 1985) 
Mixed at Sarm West. (4th - 8th Nov 1985) Produced by Mick Glossop. Released: Kasper [KATLP 1] 1985.
Tracks
Line Up:
"Flowers For All Occasions" (LP).
Released: MCA Records [MCA 5733 - USA Issue] 1985.
"Political Wings" (LP).
Recorded live at The Chocolate Factory, South London. Produced by Paul Burgess. Released: Flicknife [BLUNT 041] 1987.
Tracks: 
Line Up:
"Flowers For All Occasions" (CD).
This CD was re-issued to celebrate the band's reunion in August 2003. Only 100 copies were made. Most were distributed among fans, the remainder were sold by mail order. The release was a replica of the original but with a lyric sheet.
'Capital Letters- The Best of Ruefrex' (CD)
More recently, Cherry Red Records revealed that the official release date for the album 'Capital Letters... the best of..' was October 17, 2006. This CD includes previously unreleased material.
Tracks are - One by One/Don't Panic/Capital Letters/April Fool/Perfect Crime/The
Wild Colonial Boy Pt 1/Correct Your Fireside Manner/Even In Ihe Dark Hours/Paid In Kind/By The Shadowline/The Wild Colonial Boy/In The Traps/Flowers For All Occasions/The Lenders Of The Last Resort/Days Of Heaven/Playing Adult Games/The Fightin' 36th/Between Having And Wanting/Playing Cards With Dead Men/Middle-Ground

</doc>
<doc id="6974568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974568" title="Conker live and reloaded">
Conker live and reloaded



</doc>
<doc id="6974569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974569" title="Restaurant management">
Restaurant management

Restaurant management is the profession of managing a restaurant. Associate, bachelor, and graduate degree programs are offered in restaurant management by community colleges, junior colleges, and some universities in the United States and elsewhere.
One hierarchical system for organizing a restaurant's kitchen staff is the brigade de cuisine system developed by Auguste Escoffier (1846–1935).

</doc>
<doc id="6974572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974572" title="Elizabeth Futral">
Elizabeth Futral

Susan Elizabeth Futral (born September 27, 1963 in Johnston County, North Carolina) is an American coloratura soprano who has won acclaim (as both singer and actress) throughout the United States as well as in Europe, South America, and Japan.
Early life and education.
Born in Johnston County, North Carolina, Futral grew up in Covington, Louisiana. She earned a bachelor's degree in music performance from Samford University. After studying with Virginia Zeani at Indiana University School of Music, she spent two years as an apprentice with the Lyric Opera of Chicago. In 1991, she was a winner of the New York Metropolitan Opera National Council.
Career.
The soprano first garnered acclaim in the title role of the 1994 New York City Opera production of Delibes' "Lakmé". Edward Rothstein wrote in "The New York Times": 
Ms Futral's performance was crucial to the success of the evening... Ms Futral was refined and accurate, hitting her high notes without strain or artifice, giving her vocal acrobatics warmth without ever succumbing to egoism. She was not out to prove anything; the song ['The Bell Song'] was not laden with excessive emotion or elaborate musical gestures: it had the virtues of her performance throughout the evening, offering simplicity, grace and directness.
In 1995 Futral won 2nd prize in Plácido Domingo's Operalia International Opera Competition.
In 1996 she was invited to the Rossini Opera Festival to sing the title role in the first production of Rossini's "Matilde di Shabran" since 1821. Later that year, she sang the role of Catherine in Meyerbeer's "L'étoile du nord" at the Wexford Festival.
In September 1998, she created the role of Stella in the world premiere of André Previn's "A Streetcar Named Desire" for the San Francisco Opera. In February 2001, she debuted with the Los Angeles Opera as Cleopatra in Handel's "Giulio Cesare". Other roles she has sung for the Los Angeles Opera include Sophie in Strauss's "Der Rosenkavalier" and Violetta Valéry in Verdi's "La traviata".
On January 8, 1999, Futral made her debut with the Metropolitan Opera in the title role of Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor". In 2003, she sang the role of Princess Eudoxie in the Met's first performances since 1936 of Halévy's "La Juive". She returned to the Met in December 2006 to star opposite Plácido Domingo and Paul Groves in the world premiere of Tan Dun's "The First Emperor" (which was televised and later published on DVD), later appearing in "I puritani". In 2009 she portrayed Laura Jesson in the world premiere of Houston Grand Opera's production of André Previn's "Brief Encounter" with Nathan Gunn as Alec Harvey. In June 2014 she created the role of Alice B. Toklas in the world premiere of the Opera Theatre of Saint Louis' production of "Twenty-Seven," with Stephanie Blythe as Gertrude Stein.
In addition to her stage roles, Futral also starred as Elvira in the 2010 film "Juan", an English-language adaptation of Mozart's "Don Giovanni" in a contemporary setting by director Kasper Holten, playing opposite English baritone Christopher Maltman as Juan.
The soprano's recordings include "Six Characters in Search of an Author", "L'étoile du nord", "A Streetcar Named Desire", "Otello" (of Rossini), "Lucia di Lammermoor" (in English translation), "Of Mice and Men" (of Floyd), "Zelmira", "Orpheus &amp; Euridice" (of Gordon), "Brief Encounter" (with Nathan Gunn), "Evensong: Of Love and Angels" (of Argento), "Carlo di Borgogna" (of Pacini), "L'enfant et les sortilèges", as well as "Sweethearts" a collection of operetta arias and duets (on Newport Classic). In 2002, Futral recorded "Great Operatic Arias" for Chandos. She released a recital of three solo Bach cantatas in 2009 on the Lyrichord Early Music Series label with the Washington Bach Consort and recorded several of Mozart's concert arias for the 2005 Opera Rara release titled "Mozart: The Supreme Decorator," conducted by Sir Charles Mackerras.
Futral and her husband Steven White, noted conductor and artistic director of Opera Roanoke, live in Franklin County, Virginia, near Roanoke.

</doc>
<doc id="6974582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974582" title="Edward Richard William Stanley, 19th Earl of Derby">
Edward Richard William Stanley, 19th Earl of Derby



</doc>
<doc id="6974588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974588" title="Организация Объединённых Наций">
Организация Объединённых Наций



</doc>
<doc id="6974591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974591" title="Khedives of Egypt">
Khedives of Egypt



</doc>
<doc id="6974594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974594" title="Nations Unies">
Nations Unies



</doc>
<doc id="6974596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974596" title="Land cover">
Land cover

Land cover is the physical material at the land surface of Earth. Land covers include flora, concrete, built structures, bare ground, and temporary water. Earth cover is the expression used by ecologist Frederick Edward Clements that has as its closest modern equivalent vegetation. The expression continues to be used by the United States Bureau of Land Management.
There are two primary methods for capturing information on land cover: field survey, and analysis of remotely sensed imagery. Land change models can be built from these types of data to assess changes in land cover over time.
One of the major land cover issues (as with all natural resource inventories) is that every survey defines similarly named categories in different ways. For instance, there are many definitions of "forest"—sometimes within the same organisation—that may or may not incorporate a number of different forest features (e.g., stand height, canopy cover, strip width, inclusion of grasses, and rates of growth for timber production). Areas without trees may be classified as forest cover "if the intention is to re-plant" (UK and Ireland), while areas with many trees may not be labelled as forest "if the trees are not growing fast enough" (Norway and Finland).
Distinction from "land use".
"Land cover" is distinct from "land use", despite the two terms often being used interchangeably. Land use is a description of how people "utilize" the land and of socio-economic activity. Urban and agricultural land uses are two of the most common land use classes. At any one point or place there may be multiple and alternate land uses, the specification of which may have a political dimension. The origins of the "land cover/land use" couplet and the implications of their confusion are discussed in Fisher et al. (2005).
Types.
Following table is Land Cover statistics by Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) with 14 classes.
Mapping.
Land cover change detection using remote sensing and geospatial data provides baseline information for assessing the climate change impacts on habitats, biodiversity, and natural resources in the target areas. Land cover change detection and mapping is a key component of interdisciplinary land change science, which uses it to determine the consequences of land change on climate.

</doc>
<doc id="6974600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974600" title="Mechanical Horse">
Mechanical Horse

Scammell Mechanical Horse

</doc>
<doc id="6974616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974616" title="Organ Sonata (Elgar)">
Organ Sonata (Elgar)

The Sonata in G major, Op. 28 is Edward Elgar's only sonata composed for the organ and was first performed on 8 July 1895. It also exists in arrangements for full orchestra made after Elgar's death.
The first movement of the Sonata was played at the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II.
Structure.
The genesis of the work was a request to Elgar to write an organ voluntary for a convention of American organists in the English city of Worcester in 1895. Instead, Elgar decided on a four movement sonata of nearly half an hour's length.
The four movements are:
The opening theme resembles the beginning of Elgar's "The Black Knight", a cantata completed two years earlier and gaining acceptance when Elgar began work on the organ sonata. The outer movements follow the classic sonata form; the inner movements are in three-part A-B-A form. Michael Kennedy observes that to play the finale successfully, the organist needs to be a mental and physical athlete.
Elgar wrote, "one week's work", in the score inscription, but that measures only the final constructive push. He had worked on the piece off and on for nearly three months. Biographer Jerrold Moore notes that Elgar depended, in order to complete a work, on the stimulation of an imminent deadline. This was the first time, but not the last, that Elgar cut it so close that there was insufficient time for rehearsal. It was first performed by the Worcester Cathedral organist, Hugh Blair, on 8 July 1895.
The work was dedicated to Elgar's friend and fellow-musician Charles Swinnerton Heap (1847-1900).
Orchestration.
In the 1940s, following Elgar's death in 1934, the publishers decided that an orchestration of the sonata should be commissioned, and having consulted the composer's daughter and the conductor Sir Adrian Boult, they entrusted the job to Gordon Jacob. The orchestrated sonata was performed in 1946 (by the BBC Symphony Orchestra and Boult). It was neglected for decades thereafter, being revived only in 1988 in a recording by the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Vernon Handley, made in the Philharmonic Hall, Liverpool in 1988 for EMI. The notes to that recording aver that "due to Jacob's sympathetic scoring the version may be described as Elgar's Symphony No 0". In 2007 a second recording of the orchestrated sonata was issued by Chandos Records, with the BBC National Orchestra of Wales conducted by Richard Hickox.
Recordings.
The Organ Sonata in its original form has been recorded by, among others, Jennifer Bate, Christopher Bowers-Broadbent, Carlo Curley, Harold Darke, Gareth Green, Christopher Herrick, Donald Hunt, Nicolas Kynaston, James Lancelot, Thomas Murray, Simon Preston, Wolfgang Rübsam, Arturo Sacchetti, John Scott, Herbert Sumsion, Robert Quinney and Thomas Trotter.
"2nd Organ Sonata".
A sonata for organ was arranged by Ivor Atkins from Elgar's "Severn Suite", written as a test piece for a 1930 brass band competition.

</doc>
<doc id="6974617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974617" title="X, the Eliminator (Birdman episode)">
X, the Eliminator (Birdman episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6974619" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974619" title="Incurred but not reported">
Incurred but not reported

In insurance, incurred but not reported (IBNR) claims is the amount owed by an insurer to all valid claimants who have had a covered loss but have not yet reported it. Since the insurer knows neither how many of these losses have occurred, nor the severity of each loss, IBNR is necessarily an estimate. The sum of IBNR losses plus reported losses yields an estimate of the total eventual liabilities the insurer will cover, known as ultimate losses.
IBNR and IBNER.
The term "IBNR" is sometimes ambiguous, as it is not always clear whether it includes development on reported claims.
"Pure IBNR" refers to only unreported claims, not any development on reported claims.
"Incurred but not enough reported (IBNER)", in contrast, refers to development on reported claims. For example, when a claim is first reported, a $100 payment might be made, and a $900 case reserve might be established, for a total initial reported amount of $1000. However, the claim may later settle for a larger amount, resulting in $2000 of payments from the insurer to the claimant before the claim is closed. The estimated amount of this future development on reported claims is known as IBNER.
In some cases, the term "IBNR" refers only to pure IBNR; in other case, it is understood to be the sum of pure IBNR and IBNER.
Methods of estimation.
Actuarial loss reserving methods including the chain-ladder method, Bornhuetter–Ferguson method, expected claims technique, and others are used to estimate IBNR and, hence, ultimate losses. Since the implementation of Solvency II, stochastic claims reserving methods have become more common.

</doc>
<doc id="6974621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974621" title="So poor and so black">
So poor and so black



</doc>
<doc id="6974624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974624" title="In Search of Sunrise 1">
In Search of Sunrise 1



</doc>
<doc id="6974627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974627" title="So poor, so black">
So poor, so black



</doc>
<doc id="6974630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974630" title="So poor so black">
So poor so black



</doc>
<doc id="6974637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974637" title="Happy campers">
Happy campers



</doc>
<doc id="6974641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974641" title="Enriched Uranium">
Enriched Uranium



</doc>
<doc id="6974645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974645" title="Prima Materia">
Prima Materia



</doc>
<doc id="6974651" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974651" title="Waseem Akram">
Waseem Akram



</doc>
<doc id="6974652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974652" title="Christ the King Mission Seminary">
Christ the King Mission Seminary

The Divine Word Mission Seminary (also known as Christ the King Mission Seminary) is a Roman Catholic seminary in Quezon City, Philippines, operated by the Divine Word Missionaries. 
The seminary offers junior and senior high school education and both a bachelor's degree and a master's degree program in philosophy. This seminary is also known as the Society of the Divine Word (SVD).

</doc>
<doc id="6974656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974656" title="Seminary of Christ the King">
Seminary of Christ the King



</doc>
<doc id="6974664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974664" title="COMPAT">
COMPAT



</doc>
<doc id="6974666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974666" title="Redistribution (Australia)">
Redistribution (Australia)

In Australia, a redistribution is the process of redrawing the boundaries of electoral divisions for the House of Representatives arising from changes in population and changes in the number of representatives. There is no redistribution for the Senate as each State constitutes a division, though with multiple members. The Australian Electoral Commission (AEC), an independent statutory authority, oversees the apportionment and redistribution process for federal divisions, taking into account a number of factors. Politicians, political parties and the public may make submissions to the AEC on proposed new boundaries, but any interference with their deliberations is considered a serious offence.
Section 24 of the Constitution of Australia specifies that the number of members of the House of Representatives in each state is to be calculated from their population, although each state is entitled to a minimum of five members regardless of population. This minimum condition currently only applies to Tasmania, the smallest state. Representation of territories has been specified by subsequent laws. After the number of members for each state and territory is determined, in a process called apportionment or determination, the state and territory is divided into that number of electoral divisions.
A redistribution (sometimes called redrawing or "revision") of the geographic boundaries of divisions in a state or territory takes place when an apportionment determination results in a change in the number of seats to which a state or territory is entitled, at least once every seven years, or sooner when the AEC determines that population shifts within a state or territory have caused some seats to have too many or too few voters. The "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918" requires that all electoral divisions within a state or territory have approximately an equal numbers of enrolled voters. The "Commonwealth Electoral Act (No. 2) 1973" reduced the allowed variation of electors in each division to 10% of the state or territory's average, down from 20%. New boundaries apply only to general elections held after the redistribution process has been completed, and by-elections are held on the previous electoral boundaries.
Each state and territory has its own commission which follows similar but not identical processes and principles for determining electoral boundaries and conducting elections within their jurisdiction, and those of local governments.
Redistribution triggers.
Section 59 of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918" outlines the timing on when redistribution should commence.
A redistribution of divisions in a State, the ACT or Northern Territory is required or triggered in three circumstances:
However, despite the above requirements or triggers, a redistribution is not to commence in a State, the ACT or Northern Territory in two circumstances:
For the latter circumstance, if the elapse of seven years since the previous redistribution falls within the twelve month period, the redistribution will instead be automatically deferred and commence within 30 days after the first meeting of the next House of Representatives. This is to prevent a general election from occurring while a redistribution is in progress.
Section 59 also states three additional circumstances:
If all of the three requirements are met, then the Electoral Commission can decide to defer the redistribution for the State and Territory until after the seat entitlement has been determined.
Example of redistribution deferrals.
From the above legislative requirements, this means that a redistribution can be deferred up to two times. An example of this was the redistribution in the ACT between 2012–2014. ACT had a redistribution on 9 December 2005, which meant that the following scheduled redistribution was to start around December 2012. The first House of Representatives sitting of the 43rd Parliament was on 27 September 2010, meaning the House of Representatives was due to expire on 27 September 2013. December 2012 fell within the twelve month period prior to the expiration (27 September 2012 to 27 September 2013), which meant that the scheduled redistribution was automatically deferred to within 30 days after the first House of Representatives sitting in the 44th Parliament.
The 44th Parliament eventually began on 12 November 2013. Within the following 30 days, the Electoral Commission made a judgement that there was possibility of a change in seat entitlement for ACT. The Commission then chose to defer the redistribution again until the determination could be made in another twelve months time (November–December 2014). The redistribution for ACT finally commenced in December 2014, two years after its scheduled commencement.
Malapportionment.
Under Section 58 of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918", after the end of every month, the Electoral Commissioner is to ascertain (on the same day):
These numbers are required to be published in the Gazette monthly. Ascertainments are based on existing divisions and includes any finalised redistributed boundaries and created divisions at the time of ascertainment. An example of this is the gazette published in November 2024 for the number of electors as of 31 October 2024. The redistributions and boundaries for New South Wales, Victoria and Western Australia had just recently been finalised within the month prior. The October 2024 ascertainment included the new seat of Bullwinkel and excluded the abolished seats of Higgins and North Sydney, even though these would not come into effect until the 2025 election.
Under Section 59 of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act", if the number of electors in more than one third of the divisions in a State or one of the divisions in a Territory deviates from the respective State/Territory's average divisional enrolment by more than 10% for a period of more than two months, this is considered malapportionment and is one of the three possible triggers for redistribution for that State or Territory.
Total number of members.
Section 24 of the Constitution specifies that the total number of members of the House of Representatives shall be "as nearly as practicable" twice as many as the number of senators. High Court rulings have later interpreted this section of the Constitution to apply to state members and senators. However, the principle of the House of Representatives roughly double of the Senate can still be applied when including territory members and senators.
As there are 72 state senators, there should be roughly 144 state members of the House of Representatives. When including the 4 territory senators, there should be roughly 152 members of the House of Representatives. The total number of members of the House of Representatives, and consequently electorates, varies from time to time. Every time there is a change in the number of members, a redistribution is required to be undertaken, except in Tasmania which has always had the constitutional minimum number of five members. At the first federal election there were 65 members of the House of Representatives. In 1949, the number was increased from 74 to 121 (excluding the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory), and in 1984 it was increased from 125 to 148. Following the 2017 apportionment, the total number of members increased from 150 to 151, which was reversed following the 2023 apportionment.
Entitlement of states and territories.
The AEC determines the number of members to which each state and territory is entitled, which is based on the population of each state and territory. The day when it is exactly one year and one day after the first sitting day for a new House of Representatives is known as the "reference day". On this day (or the next earliest weekday if the reference day is a weekend or public holiday in the ACT), the Electoral Commissioner ascertains the most recent population estimate for each state and territory from the Australian Bureau of Statistics, in a process termed "ascertainment". Based on these figures, the AEC then makes its apportionment determination ("determination"), which is to be done "as soon as possible" after the ascertainment .The absolute latest a determination could be made is one month after the ascertainment.
Section 24 of the Constitution requires that electorates be apportioned among the states in proportion to their respective populations; provided that each Original State has at least 5 members. Section 29 of the Constitution forbids electorate boundaries from crossing state lines. The current apportionment method is now found in section 48 of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918".
Under the current method, the AEC firstly calculates a quota, as follows:
State entitlements.
After the quota is calculated, the number of members to be chosen in each State is the number of people of the State divided by the quota, and if on such division there is a remainder greater than one-half of the quota, one more member shall be chosen in the State.
In simpler terms, the entitlement of each state is the quotient rounded to the nearest whole number. However, each Original State is entitled to a minimum of five members under the Australian Constitution, thus giving Tasmania two more seats than its population would normally justify.
Territory entitlements.
Until 2020, the quotient and entitlement of each territory was obtained using a similar rounding method to the one used for the states. In 2003, a statistical error margin — equal to twice the standard error of the population estimate, as provided by the Australian Bureau of Statistics — was added to the quotient for each territory. The quotient and the error margin were added and rounded to the nearest whole number to determine the entitlement for each territory.
These provisions enabled the Northern Territory to retain its second seat at the 2004 federal election, and the Australian Capital Territory to gain a third seat at the 2019 federal election.
The "Electoral Amendment (Territory Representation) Act 2020", passed on 9 December 2020, amended the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918" to additionally apply the harmonic mean method in calculating each territory's entitlement; the method is also known as Dean’s Method. The inclusion of the statistical error margin was also abolished.
The calculation of the territory's quotient is first determined in the same way used for state entitlement:
In accordance with Section 48 of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918", the calculation of the entitlement of each territory varies on the quotient calculated:
Under these new rules adopted in December 2020, the Northern Territory, with a quota of 1.4332, will retain two seats at the 2022 Australian federal election. It would have lost one of these seats under the AEC determination made in July 2020.
The entitlement calculation applies to every territory of Australia except Jervis Bay Territory, which is taken to be part of the Australian Capital Territory. If the territory of Norfolk Island is not entitled to a seat, its population is added to the Australian Capital Territory for an adjusted calculation of the latter's quotient. Similarly, if either or both the territories of Christmas Island and Coco (Keeling) Islands is not entitled to a seat, the island's (or both islands') population is added to the Northern Territory for an adjusted calculation of the latter's quotient. , Norfolk Island is part of the Australian Capital Territory's Division of Bean, while Christmas Island and Coco (Keeling) Islands are part of the Northern Territory's Division of Lingiari.
Apportionments.
2023 apportionment.
The latest apportionment determination was made in July 2023. Following its timeline, the AEC on 27 July 2023 announced an apportionment determination based on the population figures for December 2022. The determination resulted in a reduction of one seat in New South Wales to 46, a reduction of one seat in Victoria to 38 and an increase of one seat in Western Australia to 16. The total number of seats in the House of Representatives will decrease from 151 to 150 at the 2025 Australian federal election.
2020 apportionment.
On 18 June 2020, the Bureau of Statistics had provided the AEC with population figures for December 2019. In the 2020 apportionment, Western Australia lost a seat to 15 seats and Victoria gained a seat to 39. Under the determination, the Northern Territory would have lost one of its two seats. However, an amendment in December 2020 changed the method for determining the apportionment for the territories, which had the effect of reversing the loss of the seat for the Northern Territory. The number of seats by States in the House of Representatives arising from the 2020 determination, with the change in law relating to the territories, were as follows:
The population quota is 173,647 (25,005,200 divided by 144). The resulting redistributions must take place by July 2021 for them to be in place in time for the 2022 federal election, due by May 2022.
2017 apportionment.
The first sitting of the House of Representatives following the July 2016 election took place on 31 August 2016, and the three-year term was scheduled to expire on 29 August 2019. Following its timeline, the AEC on 31 August 2017 announced an apportionment determination following the completion of processing of the 2016 census. The determination resulted in a reduction of one seat in South Australia to 10, an increase of one seat in Victoria to 38 and an additional seat in the ACT to 3. The total number of seats in the House of Representatives increased from 150 to 151 at the 2019 federal election. The number of seats by States in the House of Representatives arising from the 2017 determination were as follows:
A draft redistribution in Victoria was released on 6 April 2018, and the final distribution was released on 12 July. There were also three scheduled redistributions of electoral boundaries, as seven years had elapsed since the last time these boundaries were reviewed.
2014 apportionment.
On 13 November 2014, the AEC made an apportionment determination that resulted in Western Australia's entitlement increasing from 15 to 16 seats, and New South Wales's decreasing from 48 to 47 seats. The number of seats by States in the House of Representatives arising from the 2014 determination were as follows:
A redistribution of electoral boundaries in New South Wales and Western Australia was undertaken before the 2016 election. The redistribution in New South Wales was announced on 16 October 2015, with the Labor-held Division of Hunter proposed to be abolished. The Division of Charlton was renamed Hunter to preserve the Hunter name used since federation. This effectively meant that the Division of Charlton was abolished and the Division of Hunter was retained. A redistribution also occurred in the Australian Capital Territory, as seven years had elapsed since the last time the ACT's boundaries were reviewed.
Historical entitlements.
The historical apportionment entitlement of seats for the various states and territories is:
The entitlements of the external territories are less than 0.05 and are not shown in the table. Therefore, these territories are not entitled to any seats. The apportionment entitlements shown for Australian Capital Territory and Northern Territory have accounted for the populations of Norfolk Island, Christmas Island and Coco (Keeling) Islands.
Historical apportionments.
The historical apportionment of seats for the various states and territories is:
Recent redistributions.
Australian Capital Territory.
The most recent redistribution of federal electoral divisions in the Australian Capital Territory commenced on 4 September 2017, due to changes in the territory's representation entitlement. The AEC released a proposed redistribution on 6 April 2018, and the final determination on 13 July 2018. The redistribution resulted in the creation of a third ACT electoral division named Bean (notionally fairly safe Labor), after historian Charles Bean.
The next scheduled redistribution began on 12 August 2025, roughly seven years after the previous redistribution.
New South Wales.
New South Wales underwent a redistribution on 25 February 2016, before the May 2016 federal election.
Due to another change in the state's representation entitlement, New South Wales underwent a redistribution in 2024 which would abolish a seat and reducing the entitlement to 46. If there had been no change in entitlement, the state would still have undergone a scheduled redistribution anyway (seven years since the previous redistribution). In the draft redistribution announced on 14 June 2024, the seat of North Sydney was proposed to be abolished. The redistribution was formalised and gazetted on 10 October 2024.
Northern Territory.
On 7 December 2016, the Electoral Commission for the Northern Territory announced the results of its deliberations into the boundaries of Lingiari and Solomon, the two federal electoral divisions in the Northern Territory. New boundaries gazetted from 7 February 2017 saw the remainder of the Litchfield Municipality and parts of Palmerston (the suburbs of Farrar, Johnston, Mitchell, Zuccoli and part of Yarrawonga) transferred from Solomon to Lingiari.
The following scheduled redistribution began on 22 February 2024. The number of seats for the Northern Territory (two seats) remained unchanged. The redistribution was formalised and gazetted on 4 March 2025. The outer suburbs of Palmerston that had been transferred from Solomon to Lingiari in 2017 were transferred back to Solomon. This also meant that the entirety of City of Palmerston was within Solomon.
Queensland.
A scheduled redistribution began in Queensland on 6 January 2017, and was finalised on 27 March 2018. Changes were made to the boundaries of 18 of Queensland's 30 electoral divisions, and no division names were changed.
The next scheduled redistribution was supposed to begin within 30 days from 27 March 2025, seven years after the previous redistribution. However, under Section 59(3) of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918", as the date fell within the last 12 months of the 47th Parliament (due to expire 25 July 2025), the redistribution was deferred to after the 2025 election. It would have commenced within 30 days after the start of the 48th Parliament (22 July 2025) in accordance with "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918". In August 2025, Electoral Commission deemed that the seat entitlement for Queensland might change. In accordance with Section 59(5) of the act, the redistribution was further deferred to July-August 2026 when the final seat entitlement could be confirmed.
South Australia.
The redistribution in South Australia commenced on 4 September 2017. The proposed redistribution report was released on 13 April 2018, and the final determination on 20 July 2018. The AEC abolished the division of Port Adelaide. The hybrid urban-rural seat of Wakefield became the entirely urban seat of Spence, after Catherine Helen Spence. The more rural portions of Wakefield transferred to Grey and Barker.
Port Adelaide was abolished due to population changes since the state's last redistribution in 2011. Although South Australia's population was still increasing, faster increases in other states saw a reduction in South Australia's representation from 11 to 10 seats. This was the third time South Australia lost a seat since the 1984 enlargement of the parliament, with Hawker abolished in 1993 and Bonython in 2004.
The next scheduled redistribution began on 12 August 2025, roughly seven years after the previous redistribution.
Tasmania.
A scheduled redistribution began in Tasmania on 1 September 2016. The determinations were announced on 27 September 2017, involved boundary changes, and the Division of Denison was renamed the Division of Clark. Final determination was on 14 November 2017.
The next scheduled redistribution was supposed to begin within 30 days from 14 November 2024, seven years after the previous redistribution. However, under Section 59 of the "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918", as the date fell within the last 12 months of the 47th Parliament (due to expire 25 July 2025), the redistribution was deferred to after the 2025 election. It would commence within 30 days after the start of the 48th Parliament (22 July 2025), in accordance with "Commonwealth Electoral Act 1918". The redistribution eventually began on 12 August 2025.
Western Australia.
A redistribution of federal election divisions in Western Australia was undertaken in 2020, due to changes in the state's representation entitlement. The determinations were made on 2 August 2021, and abolished the Division of Stirling.
Due to changes in the state's representation entitlement, Western Australia gained a seat in the 2024 redistribution. In the draft redistribution announced on 31 May 2024, the new seat was proposed to be named Bullwinkel. The redistribution was formalised and gazetted on 24 September 2024.
Victoria.
A redistribution of federal electoral divisions in Victoria commenced on 4 September 2017, due to changes in the state's representation entitlement. The determinations were made on 13 July 2018, and created a 38th electoral division named Fraser (notionally a safe Labor).
Several divisions were also renamed: Batman to Cooper (after William Cooper), McMillan to Monash (after Sir John Monash), Melbourne Ports to Macnamara (after Dame Jean Macnamara) and Murray to Nicholls (after Sir Douglas and Lady Nicholls). A proposal to rename Corangamite to Cox (after swimming instructor May Cox) did not proceed. 
The Coalition notionally lost the seat of Dunkley and Corangamite to Labor in the redistribution.
Another redistribution in Victoria was finalised and gazetted on 26 July 2021, creating a 39th electoral division named Division of Hawke (notionally a safe Labor). None of the existing 38 divisions were notionally lost in the redistribution.
Due to another change in the state's representation entitlement, Victoria underwent a third consecutive redistribution in 2024 which would abolish a seat and returning the entitlement to 38 seats. In the draft redistribution announced on 31 May 2024, the seat of Higgins was proposed to be abolished. The redistribution was formalised and gazetted on 17 October 2024.
Redistribution process.
A redistribution is undertaken on a State-by-State basis. After the redistribution process commences, a Redistribution Committee — consisting of the Electoral Commissioner, the Australian Electoral Officer for the State concerned (in the ACT, the senior Divisional Returning officer), the State Surveyor General and the State Auditor General — is formed. The Electoral Commissioner invites public suggestions on the redistribution which must be lodged within 30 days. A further period of 14 days is allowed for comments on the suggestions lodged. The Redistribution Committee then divides the State or Territory into divisions and publishes its proposed redistribution. A period of 28 days is allowed after publication of the proposed redistribution for written objections. A further period of 14 days is provided for comments on the objections lodged. These objections are considered by an augmented Electoral Commission — consisting of the four members of the Redistribution Committee and the two part-time members of the Electoral Commission.
At the time of the redistribution the number of electors in the divisions may vary up to 10% from the 'quota' or average divisional figure but at a point 3.5 years after the expected completion of the redistribution, the figures should not vary from the average projected quota by more or less than 3.5%. Thus the most rapidly growing divisions are generally started with enrolments below the quota while those that are losing population are started above the quota.
Neither the Government nor the Parliament can reject or amend the final determination of the augmented Electoral Commission.
Management.
Boundaries for the Australian House of Representatives and for the six state and two territorial legislatures are drawn up by independent authorities, at the federal level by the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) and in the states and territories by their equivalent bodies. Politicians have no influence over the process, although they, along with any other citizen or organisation, can make submissions to the independent authorities suggesting changes.
There is significantly less political interference in the redistribution process than is common in the United States. In 1978, federal Cabinet minister Reg Withers was forced to resign for suggesting to another minister that the name of a federal electorate be changed to suit a political ally.
There have been examples of malapportionment of federal and state electoral districts in the past, often resulting in rural constituencies containing far fewer voters than urban ones and maintaining in power those parties that have rural support despite polling fewer popular votes. Past malapportionments in Queensland, Western Australia and the 'Playmander' in South Australia were notorious examples of the differences between urban and rural constituency sizes than their population would merit. The Playmander distorted electoral boundaries and policies that kept the Liberal and Country League in power for 32 years from 1936 to 1968. In extreme cases, rural areas had four times the voting value of metropolitan areas. Supporters of such arrangements claimed Australia's urban population dominates the countryside and that these practices gave fair representation to country people.
Naming of divisions.
The redistribution, creation and abolition of divisions is the responsibility of the AEC. When new divisions are created, the AEC will select a name. Most divisions are named in honour of prominent historical people, such as former politicians (often Prime Ministers), explorers, artists and engineers, and rarely for geographic places.
Some of the criteria the AEC uses when naming new divisions are:
Divisions with Indigenous names and the remaining 34 of the 65 original divisions (i.e those that were contested at the 1901 federal election, note that 32 of the 65 have since been abolished) should not be renamed or abolished.
Geographical locations.
There are several divisions named after geographical locations, including bodies of water, islands, settlements. For example, the seat of Werriwa in Western Sydney is named after Lake George (which is not located in the seat of Werriwa), which is known as in the Ngunnawal language.
Individuals.
Several deceased individuals have been honoured with divisions named after them, including several Indigenous Australians.
Every deceased former Prime Minister had a division named after them. The Division of Cook in Sydney was originally only named after Captain James Cook, and not former Prime Minister Sir Joseph Cook. However, in 2024, the namesake was altered to be joint between both men, to give recognition to Joseph Cook and have a division named after him.
There are seven former Prime Ministers who are still alive (Paul Keating, John Howard, Kevin Rudd, Julia Gillard, Tony Abbott, Malcolm Turnbull and Scott Morrison), who therefore do not have divisions named after them as they are still alive. However, divisions named after Prime Ministers are not necessarily divisions that have been renamed, generally a new division is created instead, sometimes even in a different city or region (e.g Malcolm Fraser served as the member for Wannon in western Victoria, but the Division of Fraser in western Melbourne). While it is unlikely for any former Prime Minister to have their exact division they served whilst in office renamed in honour of them (as opposed to creating a new division), for some divisions it is impossible due to the practice of keeping the names of the original divisions and those of divisions with Indigenous names. For example, the Bennelong (the seat John Howard held as Prime Minister) and Warringah (the seat Tony Abbott held as Prime Minister) will not be renamed "Howard" and "Abbott", respectively due to these names being Indigenous, while Wentworth (the seat Malcolm Turnbull held as Prime Minister) will not be renamed "Turnbull" due to Wentworth being one of the 34 remaining original divisions created.
State electoral districts.
The AEC guidelines explicitly prohibit the use of names that are also used for state electoral districts. However, due to the fact that the names of the original divisions should remain the same, there are still some divisions that share the names of state electoral districts because they are among the original divisions, as well as some that were created after 1901 but before this guideline was implemented. Thus, the following divisions share the same name as a state electoral district (Tasmanian electorates share the same names on both levels of politics and are thus not included as pairs of examples):
Notional seat status.
After a redistribution is carried out in a state or territory, the AEC calculates "notional" margins for the redistributed divisions by modelling the outcome of the previous election as if the new boundaries had been in place. These notional margins are used as the baseline for the electoral swings calculated and published in the AEC's virtual tally room at the following election. In some cases, the change in electoral boundaries can see the party which notionally holds the seat differ from the party which won it at the election.

</doc>
<doc id="6974672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974672" title="Abrar Ul Haq">
Abrar Ul Haq



</doc>
<doc id="6974680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974680" title="Lollipop catshark">
Lollipop catshark

The lollipop catshark (Cephalurus cephalus) is a little-known species of shark belonging to the family Pentanchidae, the deepwater catsharks, and the only described member of its genus. A diminutive, bottom-dwelling shark of the outer continental shelf and upper continental slope, this species can be readily identified by its tadpole-like shape with a greatly expanded, rounded head and narrow body. The large head houses expanded gills, which are thought to be an adaptation for hypoxic conditions. This shark preys on crustaceans and fishes. Reproduction is aplacental viviparous, with females retaining egg cases internally two at a time until they hatch. There is no fishery interest in this species.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The lollipop catshark was originally described by American ichthyologist Charles Henry Gilbert as "Catulus cephalus", in the 1892 14th volume of "Proceedings of the United States National Museum". His description was based on a long adult male caught from a depth of off Clarion Island in the Revillagigedo Islands. In 1941, Henry F. Bigelow and William C. Schroeder created the new genus "Cephalurus" for this species. One or more yet-undescribed species of "Cephalurus" appear to exist off Panama, Peru, and Chile, which differ slightly from "C. cephalus" in appearance and size.
Based on morphological and molecular phylogenetic evidence, "Cephalurus" is thought to form a clade with the genera "Asymbolus", "Parmaturus", "Galeus", and "Apristurus". However, different authors disagree on the interrelationships within this group; molecular data supports "Cephalurus" and "Parmaturus" as sister groups. This taxon was formerly classified in the family Scyliorhinidae, but, with most of the other genera previously classified within that family, it is now included in the family Pentanchidae.
Distribution and habitat.
The range of the lollipop catshark extends from the Gulf of California to off the southern Baja peninsula. This benthic species occurs around the outer continental shelf and upper continental slope at depths of , where it is reportedly abundant.
Description.
The lollipop catshark is so named because of its peculiar tadpole-like shape, with an enormously expanded head and branchial region (containing the gills) coupled with a slender, cylindrical body tapering towards the tail. The head is wide, flattened, and rounded, comprising a third of the total length in adults. The snout is very short and blunt, with widely spaced nostrils flanked by moderately developed flaps of skin. The mouth has a pair of furrows at the corners that curl around from the upper to the lower jaw. The widely spaced teeth have a large central cusp flanked by 1–3 cusplets on both sides; the upper teeth are straight while the lower teeth are curved somewhat outward. There are numerous small papillae on the tongue and roof of the mouth, and a light-colored membrane lining the inside of the mouth. The large eyes are oval in shape and followed by prominent spiracles. The five pairs of gill slits are distinctive, being strongly arched forward.
The body is very soft, almost gelatinous. Unlike in other catsharks, the first dorsal fin originates well in front of the pelvic fins. The second dorsal fin is about as long and slightly lower than the first, and is positioned opposite the anal fin. The dorsal, pelvic, and anal fins have convex leading and nearly straight trailing margins. The pectoral fins are angular, twice as long as wide, and originate beneath the fourth gill slit. The caudal fin is low, with an indistinct lower lobe and a shallow ventral notch near the tip of the upper lobe. The skin is delicate and sparsely covered by thornlike dermal denticles interspersed with narrower hair-like denticles that become more numerous on the back. The coloration is a plain brownish gray all over, sometimes lightening to almost white at the dorsal, pectoral, and pelvic fin margins. The eyes are an iridescent green. Adults typically attain a length of , but may grow up to long.
Biology and ecology.
The enlarged gill region and expanded gill filaments of the lollipop catshark suggest that it is adapted for living in deep-sea basins with very low levels of dissolved oxygen and perhaps also high temperatures and salinity. This shark feeds mainly on crustaceans, followed by fishes. The lollipop catshark is aplacental viviparous, with birthing apparently taking place in early summer. Females have two functional ovaries and retain pairs of thin-shelled egg cases (one within each oviduct) within their bodies until they hatch. Newborns measure about long; sexual maturation is reached at a length of for males and for females.
Human interactions.
The lollipop catshark is of no significance to fisheries. It may be taken as bycatch; though the depths at which it occupies may offer some protection from fishing pressure. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) presently assesses it as least concern.

</doc>
<doc id="6974683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974683" title="William Murray Caldwell">
William Murray Caldwell

William Murray Caldwell (May 18, 1832 – September 29, 1870) was a New Brunswick businessman and political figure. He represented Restigouche in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal member from 1868 to 1870.
He was born in Douglastown, New Brunswick (now part of Miramichi) in 1832, the son of William Caldwell, was educated at Campbellton and settled in Dalhousie. In 1857, Caldwell married a Miss McGregor. He was a justice in the Court of Common Pleas and served in the local militia. He was elected in an 1868 by-election after John McMillan resigned his seat to accept the post of Inspector of Post Offices. Caldwell died in Dalhousie, New Brunswick in 1870 while still in office.

</doc>
<doc id="6974684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974684" title="Karol Scheibler's Chapel">
Karol Scheibler's Chapel

The Chapel of Karl Scheibler (Polish: "Kaplica Karola Scheiblera"), is a major architectural work in Łódź, Poland, built in 1888 and designed by architects Edward Lilpop and Józef Pius Dziekoński. It is located in the Evangelical-Augsburg part of the Old Cemetery at Ogrodowa Street 43.
Łódź is known for its architectural monuments which form a record of the city's heritage, particularly its unique nineteenth century development. The chapel and mausoleum of Karl Wilhelm Scheibler are noted examples of architecture from this period.
Karl Scheibler.
Karl Wilhelm Scheibler (1820–1881) was an industrial magnate who raised the profile of Łódź within Europe's textile industry. He created a large industrial empire at Priest's Mill (Księży Młyn).
While contributing heavily to the textile industry, Scheibler was also a noted philanthropist. After his death, his widow Anna Scheibler, son Karol Wilhelm, daughter Matylda and son-in-law Edward Herbst made large donations towards that would be useful to the city: schools, hospitals (such as the one on Milionowa Street, and the Children's Hospital named after Janusz Korczak), and churches (amongst them the Jesuit's Church, and the Archicathedral of Łódź).
Architecture.
The architecture of the building was based on French and German Gothic Revival architecture. The chapel has a slender contour, finished with openwork masonry towers and it exhibits visible influences of St. Stephen's Cathedral in Vienna and Sainte-Chapelle in Paris.
The chapel's shape and quality are recognised as in keeping with the masterpieces of Neo-Gothic architecture. The quality of the Łódź mausoleum is said to be such that there are only a handful of buildings in Europe of equal artistic quality.
History.
After his death, Anna erected the mausoleum-like chapel in his memory. It was built between 1885 and 1888 by Varsovian architects Edward Lilpop and Józef Pius Dziekoński. It was consecrated on 1 September 1888 by Lutheran pastor Wilhelm Angerstein in the presence of Karol Scheibler, his family and hundreds of inhabitants of Łódź.
Newspapers in Warsaw wrote, "the chapel is a monument executed with the greatest costs concerning our country", and "this is an uncommon work of architecture, designed with great taste and executed with unusual care." 
Karol Scheibler's remains were buried in the crypt and were joined by other members of the family, including his widow, Anna Scheibler.
After 1989.
After 1945, the chapel, along with the whole area of the Old Evangelical – Augsburg Cemetery, was vandalised and damaged in a series of robberies – several coffins in the crypt were destroyed. The condition of the chapel worsened considerably before the Conservatory Authority became interested in the monument in the 1970s. They executed a detailed inventory, walled up windows, and surrounded the chapel with a fence. Despite these precautions, the condition of the chapel has continued to deteriorate.
In 2009, the renovation of the chapel's tower was completed.

</doc>
<doc id="6974693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974693" title="Guglielmo della Porta">
Guglielmo della Porta

Guglielmo della Porta (c. 1500–1577) was an Italian architect and sculptor of the late Renaissance or Mannerist period.
He was born to a prominent North Italian family of masons, sculptors and architects. His father Giovanni Battista della Porta was a sculptor. He trained in his uncle's workshop in Genoa and moved to Rome in about 1537, where he was very much influenced by Michelangelo. Della Porta provided legs for the Farnese Hercules when it was first excavated; when the original legs were found some years later, Michelangelo recommended that Della Porta's legs be retained, showing how modern artists were capable of direct comparison with the Ancients. He was appointed to the papal mint in 1547. His prolific output is varied. He began his artistic training under the guidance of his uncle Giovanni Giacomo, who takes him on his construction site of the Cathedral of Milan and assigned him the task of sculpturing and reinterpreting the works of Leonardo da Vinci until about 1530. Later he moved with his uncle to Genoa where he perfected his design under the guidance of the painter Perin del Vaga in the works for Villa del Principe, Palazzo di Andrea Doria.

</doc>
<doc id="6974695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974695" title="RAD Group">
RAD Group

RAD Group is a number of independent companies that develop, manufacture and market solutions for diverse segments of the networking and telecommunications industry. Each company operates independently, without a holding company, but is guided by the group founders under a collective strategic umbrella. Companies share technology, engage in joint marketing activities and benefit from a common management structure.
Four RAD Group companies are traded on NASDAQ in the U.S.:
"Ceragon Networks", "Radware", "RADCOM", and "Silicom". The others are privately held by the Group's founders and several venture capital firms.
History.
The RAD Group was founded by brothers Yehuda (1942–2024) and Zohar (1949–2023) Zisapel, in Tel Aviv, Israel. Both brothers studied electrical engineering at the Technion – Israel Institute of Technology. Yehuda started his career in the 1960s working for Motorola Israel but in 1973 decided to start his own business importing and distributing computer networking equipment, a company called Bitcom. Later Yehuda parted company with his initial business partner and started a new company, Bynet. The company's main business was distributing Codex Corporation products, and the company soon became a market leader in Israel. In 1977 Codex Corporation was acquired by Motorola, but due to its success Bynet maintain the distribution rights for its products; however in 1981 Motorola decided not to renew the distribution agreement with Bynet, and Codex Corporation began to sell in Israel directly.
The experience of losing the distribution rights of Codex made Yehuda realize that his business should never rely on one product line, and in 1981 he asked his brother, Zohar, to join him at Bynet to start working on the development of their products. They started a new company in a corner of the Bynet offices and gave it the name RAD Data Communications, RAD being the acronym of Research And Development.
RAD's first successful product was a miniature (by 1980s standards) computer modem that did not require a separate power source, operating instead by utilizing power flowing over the telephone line. By 1985, RAD's annual revenues reached US$5.5 million. RAD Data Communications is now the largest company in the RAD Group.
In 1985, RAD provided initial funding and support to entrepreneur Benny Hanigal to start LANNET Data Communications, which developed a pioneering Ethernet switch, one of the first to offer Ethernet switching over simple twisted pair telephone cables rather than expensive coaxial cables. In 1991 LANNET had an initial public offering on NASDAQ, but in 1995, as their market was consolidating, it was decided to merge with Madge Networks, in a deal valuing LANNET at $300 million USD.
By the end of 1995, the merged Madge-LANNET had 1,400 employees and achieved revenues of more than $400 million, but throughout 1996-1997 there were disagreements about strategy. Benny Hanigal left the company and joined the Israeli Venture Capital fund Star Ventures. In late 1997 Madge Networks spun off its Ethernet division into a separate subsidiary, once again named LANNET, and then sold it to Lucent Technologies for $117 million in July 1998.
During the 1990s the RAD Group was involved in establishing 12 different technology companies. Some became publicly listed companies on NASDAQ and some were later sold to other companies. The group typically has a similar approach for starting new ventures: a business idea of an entrepreneur (an existing company employee or an outsider) or from the company's management team forms the basis of a start-up. Initial funding is provided by the company together with other venture capital funds. In this way companies such as: RADCOM was established in 1990 and received funding from Star Venture and Pitango Venture Capital funds and Radvision in 1992, which was founded by Ami Amir and Eli Doron and received external funding from Evergreen and Clal venture capital funds, as well as from Siemens.
Importance.
According to research conducted by Prof. Shmuel Ellis, Chair of the Management Department at Tel Aviv University's Faculty of Management, together with Prof. Israel Drori of the School of Business Administration at the College of Management Academic Studies and Prof. Zur Shapira, Chair of the Management and Organizations Department at New York University, the RAD Group has been "the most fertile ground" for creating Israeli entrepreneurs, having produced 56 "serial entrepreneurs" who established more than one start-up each. RAD Group "graduates" were responsible for the establishment of a total of 111 significant hi-tech initiatives.
Awards and recognition.
RAD Group companies have won many awards including from Business Red Herring, the Fierce Innovation Cybersecurity Award, the Internet Telephony Conference Best-in-Show Award, the Network Virtualization Industry Award, Telecom Asia's Reader's Choice Award, multiple Carrier Ethernet Awards, and Editor's Choice Awards from industry magazines such as Network Computing. 
In 2005, RAD Group was ranked 14 on the list of "The 29 Best Business Ideas in the World" by Business 2.0 magazine in August 2005.
RAD Group Companies.
The RAD Group currently consists of 10 companies, four of which are traded on the Nasdaq stock market. The group's total revenue in 2016 was $1.328 billion.
Former members.
Former members of the RAD Group include:

</doc>
<doc id="6974700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974700" title="Cephalurus">
Cephalurus



</doc>
<doc id="6974703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974703" title="Las Flores, El Salvador">
Las Flores, El Salvador

San José Las Flores (or Las Flores) is a municipality and city in Chalatenango Department, El Salvador. It played an important and strategic role during the Salvadoran Civil War. The town was one of the first settlements to be repopulated by refugees who had been driven away by government bombing during the early 1980s. In 1986, in defiance of the military, the civilian population returned to reconstruct the village. This was part of a campaign of a number of towns throughout northern El Salvador, with the assistance of humanitarian groups in North America and Europe, to resist the militarization of the area and prevent continued bombing during the war. For this reason, a number of U.S. cities became sister cities with Salvadoran towns to demonstrate support for the civilians during the war. Nearby towns that were also in this movement include Arcatao and Guarjila, which were repopulated in 1987.
Geography.
The community of San Jose Las Flores is situated to the east of the city of Chalatenango on the road towards Nueva Trinidad and Arcatao.
Patronal Festivals.
People in San Jose Las Flores celebrate the day of the village's patron saint in March. Local people celebrate over the course of a week with street processions, live music shows and ranching displays (known locally as Jaripeo)
Tourism.
Most tourists visit San Jose Las Flores when coming to the nearby River Sumpul complex. Two miles beyond Las Flores is a tourist complex with cabins, a small restaurant and a swimming area complete with two large waterslides, which are very popular with local people and visitors from further afield.
Sister cities.
The elementary school Escuela San Jose Las Flores has two sister schools, Holy Trinity High School, in Kanata and St. Gregory Catholic School in Ottawa. Both schools are in Ontario, Canada. It is a sister city of Cambridge, MA, United States since 1986, ratified by the Cambridge government in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="6974712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974712" title="Blood in the Water match">
Blood in the Water match

The "Blood in the Water" match ( lit. "Blood bath of Melbourne"; ) was a water polo match between Hungary and the USSR at the 1956 Melbourne Olympics. The semi-final match took place on 6 December 1956 against the background of the recent Hungarian Revolution, and saw Hungary defeat the USSR 4–0. The name was coined after Hungarian player Ervin Zádor emerged during the last two minutes with blood pouring from above his eye after being punched by Soviet player Valentin Prokopov.
Tensions were at an all-time high between the competing teams; the Soviet armed forces had violently suppressed the Hungarian Revolution just weeks before. Most of the Revolutionaries consisted of civilians, a majority factory workers and students, who constructed Molotov cocktails against the formal armed forces of the USSR. Throughout the match, players would use any form of violence they could manage whenever the players of opposing teams came in contact. Zador’s injury occurred in the closing minutes of the match. Chaos ensued with the crowd booing the Soviets.
Background.
Tensions were already high between the Hungarian and Soviet water polo teams, as the Soviets had taken advantage of their political control of Hungary to study and copy the training methods and tactics of the Olympic champion Hungarians.
Then, on 23 October 1956, a demonstration by students of the Budapest University of Technology and Economics escalated into an uprising against the government in Budapest. On 1 November, Soviet tanks started rolling into Hungary and from 4 to 10 November forces began suppressing the uprising with air strikes, artillery bombardments, and tank-infantry actions.
At the time, the Hungarian water polo team was in a mountain training camp above Budapest. They were able to hear the gunfire and see smoke rising. The players were the defending Olympic champions; with the Summer Olympics in Melbourne two months away, they were moved into Czechoslovakia to avoid being caught in the revolution. The players only learned of the true extent of the uprising and the subsequent crackdown after arriving in Australia and they were all anxious for news of friends and family.
By the start of the Olympics, the uprising had been suppressed and many players saw the Olympics as a way to salvage pride for their country. "We felt we were playing not just for ourselves but for our whole country", said Zádor after the match. The match was played in front of a partisan crowd bolstered with expatriate Hungarians as well as Australians and Americans, two of the Soviet Union's Cold War opponents.
The match.
The Hungarians had created a strategy before the game to taunt the Soviets, whose language they had studied in school. In the words of Ervin Zádor: "We had decided to try and make the Russians angry to distract them."
From the beginning, kicks and punches were exchanged. At one point, a punch thrown by Hungarian captain Dezső Gyarmati was caught on film. Meanwhile, Zádor scored two goals to the crowd's cheers of ("Go Hungarians!").
With one minute remaining in the match, Hungary was leading 4–0. Zádor was marking Valentin Prokopov, with whom he had already exchanged words, and a whistle was blown. In the intermission, Prokopov struck him, causing a bleeding gash. Zádor left the pool; his bleeding was the final straw for a crowd already in a frenzy. Many angry spectators jumped onto the concourse beside the water, shook their fists, shouted abuse and spat at the Russians. To avoid a riot, police entered the arena and shepherded the crowd away.
Pictures of Zádor's injuries were published around the world, leading to the "Blood in the Water" moniker. Reports that the water in the pool turned red were, however, an exaggeration. Zádor said his only thought was whether he would be able to play the next match.
The referees stopped the match; Hungary was declared the winner since they had been leading. Hungary then beat Yugoslavia 2–1 in the final to win their fourth Olympic gold medal. Zádor's injury forced him to miss the match. After the event was completed, he and some of his teammates defected to the West.
In film.
In 2006, for the 50th anniversary of the attempted Hungarian Revolution, the documentary "Freedom's Fury", produced by Kristine Lacey and Thor Halvorssen, told the story of the match. Quentin Tarantino described it as "the best untold story ever". The documentary was narrated by the Olympic swimmer Mark Spitz, who, as a teenager, had been coached by Ervin Zádor.
Also in 2006, a feature film about the match was released, entitled "Children of Glory" (Hungarian title: "Szabadság, szerelem", meaning "Freedom, love", after the lines of Sándor Petőfi, the martyred poet of the 1848–49 revolution). The movie shows the Hungarian Revolution through the eyes of a player on the water polo team and a young woman who is one of the student leaders. It was directed by Krisztina Goda, and produced by Andrew G. Vajna. The movie appeared in Hungarian cinemas on 23 October 2006, the 50th anniversary of the revolution. On 29 October 2006, it was shown at the White House for President George W. Bush and guests (including Hungarian-American figures such as George Pataki, Governor of New York, and George A. Olah, Nobel Prize winner).
The incident is also featured in the 1978 Australian film "Newsfront".

</doc>
<doc id="6974715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974715" title="Union Bordeaux Bègles">
Union Bordeaux Bègles

Union Bordeaux Bègles (; ) is a French professional rugby union team playing in the Top 14, the first level of the country's professional league system. They earned their Top 14 place by winning the promotion playoffs that followed the 2010–11 season in the second-level Pro D2. Upon promotion to the Top 14 in 2011, they were assured a place in the European Challenge Cup. 
They were founded in 2006 as a result of a merger between two Bordeaux clubs, Stade Bordelais and Club Athlétique Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde. They wear claret (in French: "bordeaux") and white. They are based in Bordeaux (Nouvelle-Aquitaine), and play at the Stade Chaban-Delmas. The two teams which amalgamated cumulated nine championship titles of France: seven for the Stade Bordelais and two for the Club Athlétique Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde. Since 2006 and the amalgamation, the club competed in Pro D2 until winning the 2011 promotion playoffs. UBB drew an average home attendance of 23,689 in the 2014/2015 Top 14 season.
UBB won the 2024–25 European Rugby Champions Cup, their greatest success to date.
History.
For several years, the city of Bordeaux suffered from the absence of a leading club, or rather from the competition between the two large clubs of the city, the Stade Bordelais and CA Bordeaux-Bègles-Gironde (named for the suburb of Bègles).
The Stade Bordelais was a large national rugby team at the end of the 19th and the beginning of the 20th century (seven championships between 1899 and 1911), before continuing their life within the amateur championships.
The CA Béglais did not reach soaring highs before the First World War, finally gaining two French Championships in 1969 and 1991 and then taking part in the first European Rugby Cup in 1995. The transition into the new millennium was hard. The club was relegated to the Pro D2 at the conclusion of the 2002–03 season, then into the Fédérale 1 division, while Stade Bordelais took the opposite direction and reached Pro D2.
In 2005, a plan to merge both clubs was created, in spite of strong opposition by both club's supporters. There was strong insight from former influential players (Serge Simon, Bernard Laporte) who pushed for a result of pooling the assets of the two clubs. One of the arguments frequently employed in favour of fusion was that the local companies did not know which club to promote.
On 10 March 2006, Bordeaux Rugby Metropolis was created. This association gathered a network of local companies eager to imply themselves in the formation of a large club in Bordeaux.
"Bordeaux Rugby Metropolis" organised in June 2006 the event 'Bordeaux Rugby Quinconces' which brought together 25,000 people and 100 companies during 3 days on the Esplanade of the Quinconces of Bordeaux. Under the influence of the association, the historical dissensions between the two clubs were partly alleviated. A union was sealed, in the shape of a Professional Sporting Public Limit Company (SASP), with the issue of work for a committee made up of six members resulting with members from each of the two clubs (CABBG : Michel Moga, Alban Moga, Raymond Chatenet; Stade bordelais : Jean-Pierre Lamarque, Herve Hargous, Philippe Moulia).
Only the professional squads were actually merged, as each club has kept its youth teams to this day.
The new team took the place of the Stade Bordelais in the Pro D2. The training centre of Bègles is particularly strong and will hopefully provide players to the top grades.
For their first seasons, the team profited from a budget of €3.6 million. Frederic Martini remained one year as the president of USBCABBG before yielding his place to Laurent Marti, entrepreneur bergeracois (Groupe Top Tex, basé à Toulouse) at the start of the 2006 season. The new president contributed to finalising where the Union's home ground would be (Stage Andre Moga de Bègles), and the unpronounceable name "USBCABBG" which became Union Bordeaux Bègles (UBB) in the spring of 2008. Laurent Marti contributed largely to increase the club's budget, passing it from €3.8 million (euros) in 2007–08 to €4.2 million (euros) 2008–09. The ambition is to rediscover the clubs elite form in a short-term (two or three years).
The Pro D2 2010–11 season, saw the club finish fifth place on the table and gaining a place in the finals. The UBB beat Grenoble (12–19) in the semis, securing their spot in the final against SC Albi. The grand final took place in Agen with the final result going to the Bordealaise (14–21), also seeing them promoted to the Top 14.
Hong Kong investment company Gavekal bought a 10% stakes of the team in 2015.
In May 2025, they beat Stade Toulousain, 35–18 to reach their first ever Champions Cup final, and then beat Northampton Saints 28–20 in the final.
Name.
In spite of calls to simplify the club name, "Union Stade bordelais-C.A.Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde" was adopted; neither of the two clubs wanting to yield. The Béglais refused to disappear within a name which would only mention Bordeaux (for example, Bordeaux Rugby), whereas, at the time, top-level rugby in the area was the CAB. "We found it hard to find a name for the club which is appropriate for the two teams. The selected name respects the concepts of parity and equilibrium" (Philippe Moulia, président du Stade bordelais omnisports)
In May 2008, the club's name, known for its length, was changed to 'Union Bordeaux Bègles'.
Stadium.
The other problem related to the home ground. Neither of the two clubs wanted to yield, so that, for their first season, the team was to play 7 matches at the Stade Sainte-Germaine at Bouscat and the other 7 matches at the Stade André-Moga at Bègles—although the rules of the (French) National Rugby League specify that no Pro D2 rugby club could play their home matches at two different home grounds. During the second season, it was decided that the 1st grade matches would be held in Bègles, while the lower grade matches would be held in Bouscat.
For their ascent to the Top14 competition in the 2011–12 season, it was decided that matches would be shared between Stade Andre Moga (in Bègles) and Stade Chaban-Delmas (in Bordeaux). Since 2012–13, Bordeaux Bègles have played most of their home matches at the larger Stade Chaban-Delmas instead of their traditional home of Stade André Moga. In the 2015–16 season, they also played three home matches at the newer and even larger Matmut Atlantique stadium.
Logo.
The logo represents, on one side the blue and white checker work of CA Béglais and the other side the yellow lion with a black base of Stade Bordelais. The crescents symbolises the city of Bordeaux.
Current squad.
The Bordeaux squad for the 2024–25 season is:
Espoirs squad.
The Union Bordeaux Bègles Espoirs squad is:

</doc>
<doc id="6974718" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974718" title="Cephalurus cephalus">
Cephalurus cephalus



</doc>
<doc id="6974721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974721" title="Lance Todd">
Lance Todd

Lancelot Beaumont "Lance" Todd (26 May 1883 – 14 November 1942) was a New Zealand-born rugby league footballer and manager of the early 20th century. As a player, he represented New Zealand in 1907 and 1908 and played in England for the Wigan and Dewsbury clubs. He later became the manager at Salford and led the club to three League Championships and one Challenge Cup victory.
Early life.
Todd attended Kings College which at that time was based in Remuera, Auckland, before later relocating to Ōtāhuhu. After leaving school Todd became a tailor by trade. His father was John Todd who was a well known sporting identity in the Ōtāhuhu area, particularly in horse racing. At the time of his death in October, 1920 he was the vice president of the Otahuhu Trotting Club.
Rugby in New Zealand.
Originally he played rugby union in the Ōtāhuhu area, with his senior debut being for the Suburbs club. They were a side made up of players who lived outside a 10-mile radius of the city centre and struggled to practice for obvious reasons. They did often train in Otahuhu however. Todd joined the City club in 1905 and then moved to the Parnell club in 1906. He first made the Auckland side in 1905, making his debut against Hawke's Bay on 12 August where he scored a try and kicked 2 conversions in their win. In 1906 despite joining the Parnell club he went on the 4 match City tour of Sydney where he played in 3 matches against Sydney University, Glebe, and South Sydney. Later in the year he played in a match for City Oddfellows (Manchester Unity town Oddfellows) against Goldfield Oddfellows. Todd was a member of the Franklin Lodge along with his brothers.
He did not make the All Blacks but this was due to the tremendous talent in front of him and he was still regarded as being a special player in the Auckland scene. He made his debut for Auckland in 1905, playing in 4 matches. Despite playing in several trial matches he did not play for Auckland again in 1906 or 1907, but did play in an inter-union match in 1906 and 3 Auckland B games over the 1906-07 period. 
He was picked for the professional All Blacks 1907–1908 rugby tour of Great Britain and Australia and subsequently, like all members of the tour, received a life ban from the New Zealand Rugby Union. Todd had been involved in organising the tour and served on the Management Committee. During the tour he excelled at the game of rugby league, playing in four Test matches, and scoring eight tries in all games. He was one of five players who opted to stay in Great Britain at the tour's end.
Rugby League in England.
He was signed by Wigan after the tour for £400 and the captaincy, and he became an outstanding centre, making 186 appearances for the club. He was later joined by fellow tourist Massa Johnston and All Black Charlie Seeling.
Lance Todd played at in Wigan's 10–9 victory over Oldham in the 1908 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1908–09 season at Wheater's Field, Broughton, on Saturday 19 December 1908, and played at and scored a try in the 21–5 victory over Rochdale Hornets in the 1912 Lancashire Cup Final during the 1912–13 season at Weaste, Salford, on Wednesday 11 December 1912.
At the end of the 1908–09 Northern Rugby Football Union season Todd played at centre in Wigan's victory over Oldham in the Championship Final. He was also a member of the first Wigan Rugby League Challenge Cup Final line-up, which they lost to Broughton Rangers in 1911.
The Auckland Rugby League was recognised by England's Northern Rugby Football Union as New Zealand's governing body for the game of rugby league, with Lance Todd to act as their delegate in England. In 1909 he refereed Auckland's first ever official match with Taranaki on 9 August at Victoria Park. Five weeks later he refereed the return match at the Recreation Ground in New Plymouth.
During November 1910, he played twice for Lancashire, when his aggregate of two tries and two goals helped seal the county title. In 1914, he transferred, unexpectedly, to Dewsbury for a fee of £450 – a huge fee at the time, (based on increases in average earnings, this would be approximately £139,900 in 2013). He left Dewsbury during the First World War to serve with the ANZACs.
Later life.
In 1928 he became the team manager at Salford, achieving legendary status. Salford were close to folding when he joined but his management turned them into a formidable and successful team. During the 1930s Salford won three League Championships, five Lancashire League Championships, four Lancashire Cups, and was the coach in Salford's 7–4 victory over Barrow in the 1938 Challenge Cup Final during the 1937–38 season at Wembley Stadium, London, in front of a crowd of 51,243.. He stayed at Salford until August 1940 when club directors decided not to renew his contract whilst the country was at war with Germany.
In 1933, as well his work at Salford, he became the Rugby League commentator for BBC Radio. "Mr Lance B. Todd presents running commentary on..." the rugby league game of the day was very common in the Radio listings during the 1930s.
Personal life and death.
Lance Todd married Amy B. Samuels on 7 May 1911 at the Wigan Parish Church. Her father was Charles Samuels who was deceased prior to the wedding. Charles and had been licensee of the Crofters Arms Hotel, and had been a well known rugby player and a famous sprinter when younger. They had a daughter, Patricia Elaine Todd in 1922 who died in 2004.
Later in his life he managed the Silver Grid in King Street and the Ship Hotel in Millgate prior to his appointment as manager of Salford.
Todd died in a motor accident on 14 November 1942. An inquest into his death determined a verdict of "accidental death".
During World War II Todd was serving as a commandant to the Salford section of the Home Guard but it would be on a return home from duty in Oldham that the accident happened. A car he was driving swerved to avoid a collision with a tram, but crashed into a lamppost. Todd died along with his colleague Colonel Frank Sewell in the front passenger seat. Two passengers in the rear seats of the car survived. Todd is buried in Wigan (Ince) cemetery.
Legacy.
His work as a manager and as a radio commentator resulted in the Lance Todd Trophy being named after him. This trophy is awarded to the man of the match in the Challenge Cup Final.
In 2007 Todd was inducted as one of the New Zealand Rugby League's inaugural "Legends of League".

</doc>
<doc id="6974722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974722" title="Lena Gercke">
Lena Gercke

Lena Johanna Gercke (born 29 February 1988) is a German fashion model and television host. She won the first season of "Germany's Next Topmodel" and was the host of "Austria's Next Topmodel" (seasons 1–4).
Early life.
Gercke was born in Marburg and grew up in Cloppenburg, where she attended Liebfrauenschule Cloppenburg (ULF), a Roman Catholic "Gymnasium", completing her "Abitur" in 2007. Gercke is an amateur chess player. She has a sister and two paternal half-sisters.
Career.
Modeling.
On 14 August 2004, Gercke won a casting call for fast-food chain Burger King. She was represented by Langer-Pueschel, who booked her for photo shoots, catwalk shows, and dance performances. At the beginning of 2006, she attended a casting call for "Germany's Next Topmodel" hosted by Heidi Klum. Upon winning the competition, she received an advertising contract with the fashion label OuiSet, a modeling contract with IMG Models in Paris, the cover shoot for the June 2006 issue of German "Cosmopolitan", and an advertising contract with Microsoft for Windows Live. She also appeared in magazines such as the American issues of "Cosmopolitan", "Sports Week", and "Glamour", and on the cover of French "Votre Beauté". She was featured in print campaigns of "H&amp;M", "Mexx", and "Geox". In 2010, she walked on New York Fashion Week for the spring season of "Custo Barcelona".
Television.
In 2013, Gercke became a judge on "Das Supertalent". In 2014, her sister joined the show for a surprise audition. In 2015, she hosted the primetime hidden camera show "Prankenstein". From 2015 to 2021, she presented with Thore Schölermann on the talent show on ProSieben and on Sat.1 "The Voice of Germany" and from 2018, they presented on "The Voice Senior" on Sat.1.
Personal life.
Gercke's relationship with a film director and fishing tackle entrepreneur, Dustin Schöne, became known in April 2019. They have two daughters born in July 2020 and in December 2022.

</doc>
<doc id="6974728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974728" title="1956 Melbourne Olympics">
1956 Melbourne Olympics



</doc>
<doc id="6974729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974729" title="Abbey of Saint Joseph of Westminster">
Abbey of Saint Joseph of Westminster



</doc>
<doc id="6974734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974734" title="Blood in the water match">
Blood in the water match



</doc>
<doc id="6974736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974736" title="Headspin (song)">
Headspin (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6974738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974738" title="The F-Men">
The F-Men

The F-Men were a pastiche of X-Men who first appeared in "E-Man" #2 of First Comics in 1982. 
Original F-men story.
The F-Men were all parodies of Marvel Comics characters who were given superpowers by Ford Fairmont, the blind CEO of Fairview Sunglasses who wished to create the superhero characters in reality. He kidnapped various people around New York City and gave them the powers and personalities of The F-Men. After E-Man and W.I.M.P. (who published the F-Men comics) intervened, everyone was returned to normal.

</doc>
<doc id="6974745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6974745" title="Vucub Caquix">
Vucub Caquix

Vucub-Caquix (, , possibly meaning 'seven-Macaw') is the name of a bird demon defeated by the Hero Twins of an ancient Maya myth preserved in an 18th-century K'iche' document, entitled ʼPopol Vuhʼ. The episode of the demon's defeat was already known in the Late Preclassic Period, before the year 200 AD as represented in Stela 2 and Stela 25 of Izapa in Mexico which is its earliest representation and the precedent of the story that was narrated in the Popol Vuh many centuries later. In his appearances, Vucub-Caquix is described as a demon bird and a false sun god with shining eyes that daily sat on a big tree to eat its fruits, he was also the father of Zipacna, an underworld demon deity, and Cabrakan, the Earthquake God.
The Kʼicheʼ Tale.
Vucub-Caquix is described as a powerful bird pretending to be the sun and moon of the twilight world in between the former creation and the present one. According to modern Kʼicheʼ, his name refers to the seven stars of the Big Dipper asterism. The false sun-moon bird was shot out of his tree with a blowgun by Hun-Ahpu, one of the Maya Hero Twins, but still managed to sever the hero's arm. Finally, however, the demon was deprived of his teeth, his eyes, his riches, and his power. Together, the Twins were to become the true sun and moon of the present creation. The episode is only loosely connected to the main tale of the Twins, and is varied by other Mesoamerican hero myths. It is also akin to certain scenes in Maya art dating back to the 8th century and before. 
The Twins Shooting Vucub-Caquix: Earlier Scenes.
The 16th-century Popol Vuh episode has been used for interpreting certain early stone monuments as well as Classic-period pottery scenes. References to the episode are already present on the Late Preclassic stela 25 from Izapa, near the Pacific coast, where a man with a mutilated arm looks upward towards a bird perched on a three, on a ceramic plate from Quintana Roo found near Chetumal known as the Blom Plate where a finely detailed painting makes a clear representation of the scene where the Hero Twins shot Vucub Caquix with their blowgun and on a facade of the Copan ballcourt, where a war-serpent head inserted between the legs of a large bird holds the severed arm of Hunahpu. The episode has also been connected to Izapa's stela 2, where two small figures assumed to be the Twin Heroes flank a large descending bird personifier (perhaps a royal ancestor).
Izapa stelae.
Stela 25 from the Izapa archaeological site in Mexico contains the earliest representation of Vucub Caquix. This ancient monument, dating from around 300 to 250 BC, depicts the mythological scene in which Hunahpu, one of the Hero Twins, loses his arm while facing Vucub Caquix. On the stele, Hunahpu appears armed with a blowgun and with his arm mutilated looking at Vucub Caquix in the heights while he holds his severed arm. Stela 25 connects with Stela 2 from Izapa, this monument illustrates the confrontation between the Hero Twins Hunahpu and Xbalanque with Vucub Caquix. This mythological scene dating from the pre-Classic Mesoamerican period is the antecedent of the narrative present in the Popol Vuh written several centuries later.
Blom Plate.
A large ceramic plate known as the Blom Plate, dating to the Late Classic Maya period discovered in southern Quintana Roo, Mexico, features a unique and finely detailed painting considered a master piece of Maya art depicting the mythological scene of the legendary battlebetween the hero twins Hunahpu and Xbalanque against Vucub-Caquix. The painting illustrated on the plate representes Vucub Caquix as a large bird in the center of the scene standing on a tree while on its sides the Hero Twins Hunahpu on the left and Xbalanque on the right aim and shoot at him with their blowguns to kill him. The Blom Plate was part of a burial and belonged to a local royal member with the title of ch'ok (prince), as recorded in a hieroglyphic inscription while the great iconographic quality indicates the importance of the myth.
Problems with the Vucub-Caquix Identifications.
As to the Classic Maya scenes painted on pottery, they show Hun-Ahpu (or Hun-Ahau) aiming his blowgun at a steeply descending bird with the characteristics of the so-called 'Principal Bird Deity', an avian transformation of Itzamna. The solar affiliation of (Kinich Ahau) Itzamna is part of the argument for identifying the Popol Vuh and the Classic episode, since the upper god's solar aspect seems to reflect the claim to solar status voiced by Vucub-Caquix.
Leaving apart the representations on stone mentioned above, the identification of the Classic Maya bird-shooting scenes on pottery with the shooting of Vucub-Caquix causes problems. For one, the bird involved is usually the avian transformation of the creator god, Itzamna, and the concept of a generally venerated creator god seems to be at odds with the demonic nature of Vucub-Caquix. Secondly, the shooting of the Principal Bird Deity includes elements foreign to the Quichean tale. The bird is clearly not a macaw, and instead of being perched in a tree, it can even assume the (deceptive?) shape of a heron or cormorant-like bird seated on the waters. Thirdly, and more basically, there is no reason why the Twins, being bird-hunters, should not have been involved in more than one bird-shooting episode. As a matter of fact, at least one pottery scene has Hun-Ahpu shooting a vulture. Therefore, rather than referring to the Vucub-Caquix tale, the shooting of the Principal Bird Deity may well represent a now lost bird-shooting episode of Twin mythology. It seems clear that if a generalized Vucub-Caquix theory is to stand the test, important questions still need to be answered.

</doc>
