<doc id="6914711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914711" title="Vision Gran Turismo">
Vision Gran Turismo

The Vision Gran Turismo program (commonly abbreviated Vision GT or VGT) is a series of virtual concept cars developed by various car manufacturers for the "Gran Turismo" series of sim racing games.
Debuting in "Gran Turismo 6", Vision GT cars later made an appearance in each subsequent "Gran Turismo" installment ("Gran Turismo Sport" and "Gran Turismo 7"), all developed by Polyphony Digital. For the most part, they apply present-day technology and materials, with a handful of notable exceptions that utilize novel propulsion and aerodynamic technologies. Their appearances as free update content have been staggered since the launch of "GT6" in 2013, with many becoming available for in-game acquisition upon release.
The cars have been met with critical acclaim for their novel approach to aesthetics and performance. Real-life full-size models have been shown at motor shows in Japan, Canada, Germany, England, the US and Switzerland.
Background.
The name "Vision Gran Turismo" was originally used for a "Gran Turismo HD" trailer in 2006. In 2013, to commemorate the "Gran Turismo" franchise's 15th anniversary, Polyphony Digital announced "Vision Gran Turismo", a special project featuring concept cars designed for the series by automakers and coachbuilders such as Alpine, Aston Martin, Audi, BMW, Honda, Infiniti, Italdesign Giugiaro, Mercedes-Benz, Nissan, Peugeot, SRT, Volkswagen, and Zagato. Each Vision GT car added to the series was marketed as a car players could own and drive in-game.
"Gran Turismo 6".
Mercedes-Benz AMG Vision Gran Turismo.
The first Vision Gran Turismo car was released on 20 November 2013 by Mercedes-Benz, simply named the Mercedes-Benz AMG Vision Gran Turismo. It takes the form of a long-hooded coupe (inspired by the 300 SL and akin to the SLS AMG) with no rear window and an active rear spoiler. Eight rectangular exhaust tips are located above and below the single horizontal taillight. The car is characterised as having an aluminum space frame and a twin-turbocharged 5.5-litre "M157" V8 engine with an output of .
Another virtual Mercedes-Benz model was the first Vision Gran Turismo release for 2014. Based on the original model albeit with racing modifications, the car was named the "Mercedes-Benz AMG Vision Gran Turismo Racing Series", and was released on 28 January 2014 as the second official Vision Gran Turismo concept car. This variant of the AMG Vision GT received a power increase to and a sequential transmission, among with some aesthetic upgrades and a weight reduction of .
BMW Vision Gran Turismo.
BMW released their own project almost six months later, with the BMW Vision Gran Turismo (released on 14 May 2014 in update 1.07). This was a coupe modelled after BMW's touring cars from the 1970s, with plenty of aerodynamic elements and a 3-litre twin-turbo inline-six engine producing .
Mitsubishi Concept XR-PHEV Evolution Vision Gran Turismo.
Mitsubishi Motors followed with the Mitsubishi Concept XR-PHEV Evolution Vision Gran Turismo (released on 30 May 2014 in update 1.08). Mitsubishi's entry was, as its name suggests, a plug-in hybrid with aggressive, rally-oriented widebody styling.
Volkswagen GTI Roadster Vision Gran Turismo.
Volkswagen released the fifth Vision Gran Turismo concept car a month later, on 18 June 2014. Named the Volkswagen GTI Roadster Vision Gran Turismo, the low open-top car was then included in the 1.09 update. It is powered by a 3-litre twin-turbo VR6 engine producing .
Nissan Concept 2020 Vision Gran Turismo.
The next month, July, saw the unveiling of two Vision Gran Turismo cars from two separate brands that were both made available on the 25th.
The Nissan Concept 2020 Vision Gran Turismo was conceptualised by young designers in the UK before being fleshed out with the assistance of Nissan's engineers in Japan. It is the seventh car in the program. The end result contains an emphasis on handling and aerodynamics; the car's fenders cut through the air while the undertray creates a passive vacuum, and an active rear spoiler transfers downforce loads directly to the rear axle. The Concept 2020 is powered by a hybrid system consisting of a V6 engine and three motors (two for each of the front wheels, and one for the rear axle). A full-scale replica in a special "Fire Knight" paint colour was displayed at the 44th Tokyo Motor Show in 2015.
Aston Martin DP100 Vision Gran Turismo.
Released alongside the Nissan Concept 2020, Aston Martin's Vision Gran Turismo car is called the Aston Martin DP100 Vision Gran Turismo, with "DP" being an acronym for "Design Prototype". It contains an twin-turbo V12 engine, headlights nestled within NACA ducts on the front fenders, active wheel "blades" to aid in brake cooling, and "light blade" taillights later seen on the limited-production Vulcan.
Toyota FT-1 Vision Gran Turismo.
The final four months of 2014 saw the release of five Vision Gran Turismo cars, with the Toyota FT-1 Vision Gran Turismo from Toyota (released on 16 September 2014, update 1.11) being the first. This was a virtual overhaul of Toyota's original FT-1 concept with Group GT3-style aerodynamics.
Subaru VIZIV GT Vision Gran Turismo.
The FT-1 VGT was followed by the Subaru VIZIV GT Vision Gran Turismo from Subaru (released on 19 November 2014, update 1.14), which designer Tomoyuki Kato states was inspired by katsuobushi. This is evoked by the solid, chiseled appearance of the VIZIV GT. It combines Subaru's signature flat-four engine and all-wheel drive layout with electric motors and a torque vectoring system.
Chevrolet-Chaparral 2X Vision Gran Turismo.
The Chevrolet-Chaparral 2X Vision Gran Turismo was released next, created by Chevrolet in collaboration with Chaparral (released on 17 December 2014, update 1.15). This vehicle, operated in the prone position, uses pulses of light to propel it to speeds of up to . The vehicle can be seen as an extension of the driver's body, with controls located at the end of each limb in place of a steering wheel and the driver's head within a specialized helmet that integrates with the car's shape. The fictional laser propulsion unit, claimed to be developed by Chevrolet, can be aimed at a specific point on the track surface for increased downforce.
Infiniti CONCEPT Vision Gran Turismo.
Alongside the Chevrolet-Chaparral 2X it was the "Infiniti CONCEPT Vision Gran Turismo" from Infiniti. The Infiniti CONCEPT Vision Gran Turismo was created out of Infiniti's desire to create a "pure Infiniti GT car" for the Vision Gran Turismo project. It is powered by a 4.5-litre naturally aspirated V8 engine, and possesses a 45:55 front/rear weight balance for optimum driving enjoyment.
In December 2018, the car was added to "", being the first Vision Gran Turismo car to appear outside of the "Gran Turismo" series.
Mazda LM55 Vision Gran Turismo.
The Mazda LM55 Vision Gran Turismo from Mazda was released on 24 December 2014 through its own update and originally found by players before its confirmed addition to the game. It is a low-slung Le Mans Prototype powered by a Skyactiv rotary engine with unknown specifications, and draws inspiration from the company's own 787B Group C car combined with their current "Kodo" design language.
The LM55 was included as part of a sculpture displayed at the 2015 Goodwood Festival of Speed, which was subsequently recreated in "GT6"'s version of the Goodwood course for update 1.20.
Mini Clubman Vision Gran Turismo.
Another nine cars were added in 2015 for "GT6", with a Mini being the first. Revealed as the Mini Clubman Vision Gran Turismo, the car was added to update 1.16, released on 26 February 2015. A widebody hatchback with X-shaped stickers on the round headlights to simulate tape (used decades ago to keep broken headlight lenses from littering the track), the Clubman Vision Gran Turismo was designed solely for racing.
Alpine Vision Gran Turismo.
Three cars were revealed a month later on 18 March 2015 in update 1.17, two of which were from Alpine. The Alpine Vision Gran Turismo is an open-top car with a focus on agility. Active aero panels are integrated into the rear fenders and deploy upon braking; the inner faces of the panels contain brake lights that are only visible when the panels are deployed. The "Race Mode" is a more harcdcore version with an added rear wing for improved handling.
Lexus LF-LC GT Vision Gran Turismo.
Lexus revealed their LF-LC alongside Alpine's concept cars in update 1.17. Much like the earlier FT-1 Vision GT, the Lexus LF-LC GT Vision Gran Turismo is a touring car-style refresh of Lexus' earlier Lexus LF-LC concept car. The in-sim car sports a unique livery featuring iridescent brush strokes on the otherwise white body.
Volkswagen GTI Supersport Vision Gran Turismo.
Volkswagen's second Vision Gran Turismo car was added to the game on 13 April 2015 in update 1.18, known as the Volkswagen GTI Supersport Vision Gran Turismo. Unlike its Roadster counterpart, the Supersport is a closed-cockpit car, with larger headlights and taillights. Its engine is assumed to be the same as the one in the Roadster, with an identical configuration and power output.
Peugeot Vision Gran Turismo.
Peugeot would release their first of three Vision Gran Turismo cars in the program, the first one known simply as the Peugeot Vision Gran Turismo. The car was added in update 1.19, on 31 May 2015. It is powered by a midship-mounted 3.2-litre V6 and has an active rear wing.
SRT Tomahawk Vision Gran Turismo.
The final three cars added to the "Gran Turismo 6" sim were all from SRT, the performance division of Dodge. The cars were collectively known as the SRT Tomahawk Vision Gran Turismo, and came in three different trim levels: S, GTS-R, and X. The Tomahawks, having been designed for 2035, possess various technologies that cannot be attained at the present day, such as ultra-lightweight graphene construction and tires that can withstand speeds of over .
The Tomahawks were added in the sim's third-last update patch, 1.20, released on 26 June 2015. They became the last VGT cars added to "Gran Turismo 6", owing to the upcoming cessation of support for the PlayStation 3.
"Gran Turismo Sport".
The first four VGT cars to debut in "Gran Turismo Sport" were all announced before the original release of the game and subsequently released in beta versions.
Hyundai N 2025 Vision Gran Turismo.
Hyundai Motor Company were the first to announce their car—the Hyundai N 2025 Vision Gran Turismo, first launched on 14 September 2015 and later first playable in the closed beta version of "Gran Turismo Sport". The car served as a launch platform for Hyundai's N performance division, as well as a glimpse into the future of fuel cell technology in motorsports.
Bugatti Vision Gran Turismo.
Bugatti became the second to unveil their Bugatti Vision Gran Turismo, which was originally teased in a trailer titled #imaginEBugatti. The car was unveiled two weeks later, releasing on 24 September 2015. It is essentially a racing-oriented precursor to the Chiron with Bugatti's then-signature W16 engine, and pays homage to the Bugatti Type 57s that won the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1937 and 1939.
Fittipaldi EF7 Vision Gran Turismo by Pininfarina.
On 1 February 2017, Fittipaldi Motors, headed by Emerson Fittipaldi, teased their Vision GT car, the Fittipaldi EF7 Vision Gran Turismo by Pininfarina, a collaboration between Fittipaldi, Pininfarina, and HWA. The model for the car was revealed on 7 March 2017 at the Geneva International Motor Show. A limited production run of 39 track-only vehicles was planned, with owners eligible for race coaching from Fittipaldi himself.
Production did not come to fruition when the company became inactive in March 2019; the EF7 was subsequently absent in "Gran Turismo 7".
McLaren Ultimate Vision Gran Turismo.
On 20 September 2017, McLaren Automotive teased their Vision GT car, the McLaren Ultimate Vision Gran Turismo. It was revealed the next day. For a vastly improved field of vision, the car is driven in a prone position (but from within a closed cockpit and using a steering wheel, unlike the Chaparral 2X), and it also possesses a hybrid system and lightweight structure.
The Ultimate Vision GT's design influenced the McLaren Sabre, a limited model built by McLaren Special Operations for sale in the United States, and later the McLaren Solus GT.
Daihatsu Copen RJ Vision Gran Turismo.
Daihatsu added their own VGT car based on the second-generation Copen, called the Daihatsu Copen RJ Vision Gran Turismo ("RJ" for "Racing Jacket"). It is a closed-top version of the Copen with performance improvements.
Peugeot L500R and L750R Hybrid Vision Gran Turismo.
Peugeot also added a second and third car to the program, dubbed the Peugeot L500R Hybrid Vision Gran Turismo, and its racing variant, the Peugeot L750R Hybrid Vision Gran Turismo. Both cars were added in the first stable release of the game. The L500R had initially been presented as a concept car honoring Peugeot's 1916 Indianapolis 500 victory in 2016, with no mention of the Vision Gran Turismo program in its initial launch.
IsoRivolta Zagato Vision Gran Turismo.
IsoRivolta and Zagato revealed their car on 24 October 2017 as the IsoRivolta Zagato Vision Gran Turismo. The car was added in the 1.06 update and features a Chevrolet-supplied V8 with an output of .
Honda Sports Vision Gran Turismo.
The last Vision Gran Turismo car of 2017 came on November 9, when Honda debuted the Honda Sports Vision Gran Turismo. At its core a smaller version of the Honda NSX, it weighs just and is powered by a mid-mounted 2-litre turbocharged inline-four engine producing .
Patent designs filed in 2015 for the car, along with the related "ZSX" trademark filing the following year, caused media speculation about a potential Honda S2000 successor positioned below the NSX; Honda has since denied any plans to put such car into production.
Audi e-tron Vision Gran Turismo.
On 4 April 2018, Audi Sport GmbH teased their Vision Gran Turismo car under the YouTube channel of "Gran Turismo". The car was revealed four days later in fully functioning form, and in "Gran Turismo Sport", as the Audi e-tron Vision Gran Turismo. Another car was revealed alongside the e-tron, but abandons the "e-tron" moniker and uses a 3.4-liter turbocharged V6, making it a hybrid. This car was simply named the "Audi Vision Gran Turismo" and only exists in-game.
Jaguar Vision Gran Turismo Coupé.
After more than a year of inactivity concerning the Vision Gran Turismo program, Jaguar officially unveiled their Vision Gran Turismo Coupé on 25 October 2019. The car takes the form of a grand touring coupé and is powered by three electric motors, which produce a total power output of . It was added to "Sport" on 28 November 2019.
"Gran Turismo 7" adds the Vision Gran Turismo Roadster open top variant, as well as the Vision Gran Turismo SV, a racing variant of the Vision Gran Turismo Coupé unveiled in December 2020. The latter has a large fixed wing and four motors instead of three for a total power output of .
Race-regulated variants.
Several of the Vision Gran Turismo cars have variants that have been modified and homologated to meet regulations for race classes, such as Group GT3 and the WEC. All unmodified base VGT cars are in the open "Group X" category, intended for vehicles not suitable for other categories.
"Gran Turismo 7".
Lamborghini Lambo V12 Vision Gran Turismo.
On 24 November 2019 (the day of the 2019 FIA GTC World Finals), Lamborghini revealed the Lambo V12 Vision Gran Turismo—a single-seat performance car, loosely resembling a sports prototype, powered by the same V12 hybrid powertrain as the Sián FKP 37. Despite being unveiled when updates for "Sport" were still active (with the last "Sport" update as of November 2021 being 1.66 in July 2021, which added the second-generation Toyota GR86), the car was only first seen in action in the "Gran Turismo 7" release date trailer.
Lego released an official set of the Lambo V12 Vision Gran Turismo in May 2024 under its Speed Champions line.
Porsche Vision Gran Turismo.
Unveiled on 5 December 2021, the Porsche Vision Gran Turismo is an electric two-seat sports car with mid-engined proportions and design cues from the brand's previous models, such as quadruple front LED headlight clusters, a rear light bar, and aggressively flared fenders. It is also the first (and currently only) Vision Gran Turismo vehicle to feature on the cover art of the games, as it is seen on the cover of "GT7" alongside the Mazda RX-Vision GT3 Concept. A Spyder version of the car was first teased on 21 September 2022 and released with Update 1.23 on 29 September 2022.
A separate concept, the 2019 Porsche 920 Vision, was designed with the Vision Gran Turismo series in mind before a different design was decided upon.
Suzuki Vision Gran Turismo.
First appearing in the form of a highlighted silhouette in a Twitter teaser post from Kazunori Yamauchi on 21 May 2022, the Suzuki Vision Gran Turismo was revealed in its entirety five days later. This two-seat roadster, whose design was inspired by the Cappuccino and third-generation Swift Sport, possesses a hybrid system in the form of a Suzuki Hayabusa engine and three electric motors. It can be seen as the successor to the MR-layout Suzuki GSX-R/4 concept from 2001, which was also a lightweight roadster powered by a Hayabusa engine (although the VGT, hybrid system aside, uses an FR layout).
A Group 3 variant of the Suzuki Vision Gran Turismo was later added in update 1.17 on June 23, 2022. This specific variant is powered by a twin-turbocharged 2.7-liter V8 engine formed by two Hayabusa engines on the same crankshaft, and lacks a hybrid system, making it rear-wheel drive only. The car has also been used in the first Gran Turismo World Series Nations Cup event of both the 2022 season and "GT7".
Ferrari Vision Gran Turismo.
The Ferrari Vision Gran Turismo is a high-performance concept car designed by Flavio Manzoni. Ferrari have said that the Vision Gran Turismo "represents a futuristic design manifesto for Ferrari's road and racing cars". It features the V6 engine recently developed for the 499P Le Mans Hypercar, which has been derestricted to produce @ 9,000 rpm and @ 5,500 rpm. Combined with the three electric motors, one of which is mounted at the rear and two of which are at the front to give the car permanent all-wheel drive, it achieves a total output of and . The internal combustion engine's power is delivered to the rear wheels via an 8-speed dual-clutch transmission, which Ferrari says has been adapted from their Formula One program.
Entry into the single seat is via a canopy, similar to the Lamborghini Egoista. The car also incorporates various aerodynamic features, such as channels redirecting air around the cockpit to the sides of the car. The rear wing and diffuser also take inspiration from the 499P, along with design elements from the Modulo concept and 330 P3. Ferrari claims that the concept will lap the Fiorano Circuit (Ferrari's test circuit) in under 1 minute and 10 seconds, almost ten seconds faster than Ferrari's current flagship road car, the SF90.
Italdesign Exeneo Vision Gran Turismo.
The Italdesign Exeneo Vision Gran Turismo was revealed on 20 February 2023. Similar in form factor to the Italdesign Parcour concept from 2013, the Exeneo forgoes windows in favour of solid carbon fibre and aluminum surfaces, and features an individual wheel drive (IWD) system, pairing a V10 engine with four electric motors to achieve a combined output of . The car's IWD and active suspension systems allow it to be driven on many surfaces, including snow and dirt. In "GT7", the car is available in a "Street Mode" or "Off-Road Mode" configuration.
Genesis X Gran Berlinetta Vision Gran Turismo.
Bay Area-based Korean-American luxury manufacturer Genesis teased its Vision Gran Turismo car in 2021 at that year's Monterey Car Week, with three design proposals, named "Alpha_DB", "Bravo_GB", and "Charlie_ET"; these were revealed in conjunction with the marque's cars for the Gran Turismo World Series Manufacturers Cup, the Genesis G70 GR4 and the Genesis X GR3. The finalized model, named the Gran Berlinetta and representing the marque's "Athletic Elegance" design language, was revealed at the 2023 Gran Turismo World Series World Finals, and added to the game in January 2024. The X Gran Berlinetta is powered by a twin-turbocharged 3.3-liter "Lambda" V6 with electric supercharger technology producing , and can reach a top speed of over 400km/h.
The Gran Berlinetta was followed by the Genesis X Gran Racer Vision Gran Turismo, a Group 1 version of the car intended as an endurance prototype, featuring aerodynamic enhancements. The Gran Racer was added to the game in the 1.49 update in July 2024. It has had its power output increased to .
Bulgari Aluminium Vision Gran Turismo.
The first Vision Gran Turismo vehicle from a non-automotive brand, the Bulgari Aluminium Vision Gran Turismo was revealed at the Gran Turismo World Series finals in Barcelona in 2023. Designed by former Centro Stile Fiat employee Fabrizio Buonamassa Stigliani and former Pininfarina Design Director Fabio Filippini (who had also worked on the Fittipaldi EF7), the car takes inspiration from Bulgari Aluminium chronometers, using rubberised elements to mimic the watch strap.
Bulgari also launched a limited-edition wristwatch alongside the vehicle, with special collectors' edition boxes granting early access to the vehicle in Gran Turismo 7—a month before it became available to the general public—through a QR code. The car was added in update 1.42 in January 2024, but could not be obtained through any other means until becoming available for general in-game purchase via update 1.43 in February 2024.
Škoda Vision Gran Turismo.
Czech manufacturer Škoda announced it would be joining the Gran Turismo series for the first time with a teaser of a Vision Gran Turismo car in April 2024, ahead of a full reveal later that month. The car is described as an all-electric, all-wheel drive single-seater, inspired by the 1957 Škoda 1100 OHC roadster and designed by Oliver Stefani. The car became available in version 1.46 on 25 April 2024.
Xiaomi Vision Gran Turismo.
A Vision Gran Turismo car from the automotive arm of Chinese brand Xiaomi, Xiaomi Auto, was announced at the Gran Turismo World Series event in London in June 2025, as part of a wider brand collaboration that would see Xiaomi become the first Chinese marque in the Gran Turismo series' history with its SU7 Ultra. Details regarding the vehicle, including when it will be available in the game, are not yet available. 
Chevrolet Corvette CX.R Vision Gran Turismo.
Chevrolet revealed its Vision Gran Turismo car during the Monterey Car Week in August 2025. The car, called the CX.R Vision Gran Turismo, was unveiled by Chevrolet executive design director Phil Zak and Kazunori Yamauchi, and is a motorsport variant of the CX Concept which was revealed at the same event. Whereas the CX is all-electric, with a 2000hp, four-motor layout, the CX.R employs a hybrid setup comprising a 900hp, two-liter V8 along with two individual front wheel motors and a third motor within the gearbox. Both cars will be added to the game in its August 2025 update.
Opel Corsa GSE Vision Gran Turismo.
Stellantis announced that it would be presenting a Vision Gran Turismo car under the European twin Opel/Vauxhall brands, with the Corsa GSE concept intended to preview the design and technology of the next-generation Corsa and the performance GSE sub-brand. First revealed in August 2025, the Corsa GSE Vision Gran Turismo would be presented as a full-size model at the IAA Mobility Show in Munich in September 2025 and at the subsequent GT World Series event in Berlin later in the month, ahead of arriving in-game under the Opel brand alone in the autumn.
Confirmed participants with no entries.
Alfa Romeo and Bertone had previously been listed as participants in Vision Gran Turismo at launch. Alfa Romeo intended to introduce a Vision Gran Turismo car of their own, referred to as the Alfa Romeo 6C Biposto. However, for reasons yet unknown, Alfa Romeo abandoned the project and was quietly delisted from Vision Gran Turismo sometime in 2014. Bertone also revealed plans for their unnamed Vision Gran Turismo car, hinted to have an unconventional three-wheeler-like shape and a highly futuristic design. Later in 2014, Bertone filed for bankruptcy, with the car never having been incorporated into "GT6".
Recognition.
On 23 January 2016, the Japan Car Design Awards ceremony (hosted by Car Styling) was held in Minato, Tokyo, where "Gran Turismo" received the Golden Marker Special Award in recognition of the contribution made with the Vision Gran Turismo project. The trophy was presented by a collection of journalists and car designers.

</doc>
<doc id="6914713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914713" title="Binladin Group">
Binladin Group



</doc>
<doc id="6914717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914717" title="Warpaint (mascot)">
Warpaint (mascot)

Warpaint was a mascot for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). Three individual pinto horses have been used for Warpaint. It is associated with the team's glory days at Municipal Stadium, having won two American Football League (AFL) championships. Warpaint led the team's victory parade after winning Super Bowl IV. After the original Warpaint's retirement in 1989, the team used K. C. Wolf as its lone mascot from 1989 to 2009. In the celebration of the AFL's 50th anniversary, the Chiefs resumed the tradition of Warpaint for the 2009 season, introducing the new horse at the home-opener against the Oakland Raiders. Warpaint was retired again in 2021 amid the nationwide Native American mascot controversy and the team's new policy to eliminate some Native American imagery.
History.
Originally, the horse was ridden bareback by Bob Johnson, who wore a headdress as a pastiche of ceremonial American Indian regalia. Warpaint circled the field at the beginning of each game and after each touchdown. In a 1975 game against the Oakland Raiders, the Chiefs won 42–10, prompting Warpaint to circle the field for each of the team's six touchdowns. Raiders head coach John Madden, following the loss, quipped that "We couldn't beat the Chiefs, but we damn near killed their horse". After Bob Johnson retired, he was replaced in the 1978–79 season by Pete Runyan and Cheryl McDaniel, both local experienced riders who in a symbol of gender equality took turns riding Warpaint after passing a bareback riding audition.
The first Warpaint was foaled in 1955, and the second in 1968. The second Warpaint died in 2005 at the age of 37 at Benjamin Stables in Kansas City where it is now buried. The horse made an appearance at a 1997 Chiefs game where it received a standing ovation from a sold-out crowd.
On September 20, 2009, a new Warpaint was unveiled at Arrowhead Stadium at the home opener against the Oakland Raiders. The horse was ridden by Susie, a Chiefs cheerleader, in contrast to the original headdress-clad rider. Due to a positive response from fans, Warpaint and Susie appeared at all home games, including at pregame events. Warpaint appeared at the Chiefs Training Camp for days with special events for fans.
On July 26, 2021, the team eliminated some Native American imagery amid the nationwide Native American mascot controversy, and the Chiefs announced Warpaint's retirement again.

</doc>
<doc id="6914723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914723" title="Melodifestivalen 1960">
Melodifestivalen 1960



</doc>
<doc id="6914730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914730" title="Frances Mann Hall">
Frances Mann Hall



</doc>
<doc id="6914746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914746" title="Boniface II, Margrave of Tuscany">
Boniface II, Margrave of Tuscany

Boniface II (died 838) was the count and duke of Lucca (from 5 October 823) and first margrave of Tuscany from about 828. He succeeded his father Boniface I, Margrave of Tuscany in Lucca—in what was an early example of hereditary succession—and extended his power over the region. During his tenure, the bishops of Lucca gradually lost control of the municipal government, which fell to the counts.
Since 770, the counts of Lucca had been charged with the coastal defence of Tuscany and Corsica. In February 825, at Marengo, the Emperor Lothair I emanated a "Capitulare de expeditione corsicana" for the defence of the island. In 828, Boniface received the titles of "prefectus" and "tutela" over the island from Lothair and the legateship of the island from the bishop of Luni. In July and August 828, he led a small fleet in search of Saracen pirates. Finding none at sea, the fleet landed at Sardinia and there decided to attack Africa. They assaulted the Saracen coast between Utica and Carthage with success. The fleet then returned to Corsica.
In 833, Boniface backed Louis the Pious against his son Lothair, who promptly dispossessed him and put Aganus in his place. In 834, he joined with Ratald, Bishop of Verona, and Pepin I, Count of Vermandois, to free the Empress Judith of Bavaria from her convent-prison. They escorted her back to Louis at Aachen. Boniface spent the years 836 to 838 in Germany at court.
Eventually he retired to hereditary lands in southern France. He was invited to participate in the trial of Bernard of Septimania, but died before he could. His son Adalbert regained the Tuscan march later.

</doc>
<doc id="6914750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914750" title="State Route 321 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 321 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914754" title="Frances Mann">
Frances Mann



</doc>
<doc id="6914755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914755" title="Accidents and incidents in aviation">
Accidents and incidents in aviation



</doc>
<doc id="6914759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914759" title="Battle Creek Indian Mounds Park">
Battle Creek Indian Mounds Park



</doc>
<doc id="6914761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914761" title="Tasman Bridge collapse - resulting ferry service and Incat">
Tasman Bridge collapse - resulting ferry service and Incat



</doc>
<doc id="6914769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914769" title="Old Atlantic Coast Line Union Depot">
Old Atlantic Coast Line Union Depot



</doc>
<doc id="6914771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914771" title="1995 Little League World Series">
1995 Little League World Series

The 1995 Little League World Series took place between August 21 and August 26 in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania. The Shan-Hua Little League of Tainan, Taiwan, defeated the Northwest 45 Little League of Spring, Texas, in the championship game of the 49th Little League World Series.

</doc>
<doc id="6914774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914774" title="Momoka Nishizawa">
Momoka Nishizawa



</doc>
<doc id="6914779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914779" title="Robin 2160">
Robin 2160



</doc>
<doc id="6914781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914781" title="Unstoppable (Girl Talk album)">
Unstoppable (Girl Talk album)

Unstoppable is the second studio album by American musician Gregg Gillis, released under his stage name Girl Talk on April 6, 2004 by Illegal Art. Like Girl Talk's other releases on the label, "Unstoppable" was made available for purchase on the Illegal Art website through a "pay what you want" pricing system.
The album placed at numbers 179 and 18 on "CMJ"s Top 200 and RPM Albums college radio airplay charts.
Background.
Gillis stated that with "Unstoppable", "the idea was to make more original sounding hip hop type music and pop music out of samples and having some blatant samples. It was obviously more party oriented, something you could jam out to." Mark Richardson of "Pitchfork" notes that "Unstoppable" and its predecessor "Secret Diary" are "far noisier and much more abstract" than his subsequent releases. Gillis' production on these releases is primarily a mixture of glitch beats and samples of pop hits, but "Unstoppable" marks a turn towards a more "pop-oriented and accessible" approach characterized as "far more direct, using fewer and longer samples to create more recognizable mash-ups in the manner of early KLF singles".

</doc>
<doc id="6914784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914784" title="State Route 407 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 407 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914793" title="Avions Robin R2160">
Avions Robin R2160



</doc>
<doc id="6914803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914803" title="State Route 414 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 414 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914806" title="Newham Victoria">
Newham Victoria



</doc>
<doc id="6914811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914811" title="State Route 418 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 418 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914823" title="State Route 417 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 417 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914824" title="Monk's Walk School">
Monk's Walk School

Monk's Walk School is a secondary school with academy status located on the outskirts of Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire, England. It opened in 1964 and became an Academy in 2012. The school's motto is: "Excellence for All".
The school's annual student intake is approximately 220 eleven- and twelve-year-olds of both sexes, with 1,324 students throughout the school. It also has approximately 185 teachers and staff.
References.
3.https://www.whtimes.co.uk/news/education/welwyn-garden-city-monks-walk-teacher-banned-from-the-profession-5593072

</doc>
<doc id="6914827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914827" title="State Route 420 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 420 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914829" title="Camera &amp; Imaging Products Association">
Camera &amp; Imaging Products Association

 is a Japan-based organization set up in July 2002 to deal with technologies related to photography. Its members are engaged with the production of film-based and digital cameras, and other related equipment.
This organization succeeds the Japan Camera Industry Association (JCIA).
Guidelines.
CIPA publishes guidelines such as "CIPA DCG-001-2018 – Individual Guidelines for noting digital camera specifications on Number of pixels, Image file, and Focal length of the lens" (previously known as JCIA GLA03), which act as standards for how their members specify products.
CIPA DCG-001, only lightly modified since the original 1998 version, is particularly about reporting numbers of pixels as digital camera specifications. While it does not specifically define a pixel, its discussion and examples are consistent with a pixel being an individual photosensor element such as an APS or CCD element. It suggests reporting primarily the "number of effective pixels", defined as "The number of pixels on the image sensor which receive input light through the optical lens, and which are effectively reflected in the final output data of the still image." Examples include how to rate multi-sensor cameras such as three-CCD cameras, e.g. as "Number of Effective Pixels 1,020k (340k x 3)".

</doc>
<doc id="6914830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914830" title="Asian American Writers' Workshop">
Asian American Writers' Workshop

The Asian American Writers' Workshop (often abbreviated AAWW) is a New York–based nonprofit literary arts organization founded in 1991 to support Asian American writers, literature and community. Cofounders Curtis Chin, Christina Chiu, Marie Myung-Ok Lee, and Bino A. Realuyo created AAWW because they were searching for New York City community of writers of color who could provide support for new writers. 
The Asian American Writers Workshop runs two fellowship programs for emerging Asian American writers. The Open City fellowship is focused on journalism in a New York neighborhood, whether in the form of narrative nonfiction, creative nonfiction, or memoir. The Margins Fellowship is for writers based in New York City, aged thirty and under, who work in the genres of poetry, fiction, or creative nonfiction. Notable Margins fellows include Yale Younger Poet Yanyi. The Workshop also offers the Asian American Literary Awards and sponsors Page Turner: The Asian American Literary Festival.
In 2007, AAWW partnered with Hyphen Magazine to start a short story contest called the Hyphen Asian American Short Story Contest, the only national, pan-Asian American writing competition of its kind. Previous winners include Preeta Samarasan, Sunil Yapa, Shivani Manghnani, and Timothy Tau. Previous judges include Porochista Khakpour, Yiyun Li, Alexander Chee, Jaed Coffin, Brian Leung, Monique Truong and Monica Ferrell.
Literary Magazine.
AAWW's online literary magazine, "The Margins," was launched in 2012. The magazine proclaims itself as being "dedicated to the Asian American creative culture of tomorrow," publishes a variety of literature by Asian American writers including short fiction, poetry, essays, interviews, and more. Through its published works and dedication to social justice, the magazine imagines a "vibrant, nuanced, multiracial, and transnational Asian America." Since the magazine's start in 2012, "The Margins" has received over one million views with an average of 3,000 people a week.
The magazine has three special projects: Open City, which reports in-depth stories from Asian immigrant communities in New York City; the Transpacific Literary Project (TLP), which showcases East and Southeast Asian writers and publishes literary work from the region; and A World Without Cages (AWWC), which publishes work by incarcerated writers and brings more Asian American voices into the anti-incarceration movement.
In 2019, "The Margins" was one of five recipients of the Whiting Literary Magazine Prize.
Response to controversy.
In response to the 2015 "yellowface poet" incident, the organization published a "white pen name" generator, which creates random white-sounding names "all the way back to Plymouth Rock." It was made in mockery of Michael Derrick Hudson, pushing back at the idea that writers of color might find greater success in the publishing industry if their names were whitewashed.

</doc>
<doc id="6914832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914832" title="Punta Gorda station">
Punta Gorda station

The Punta Gorda Atlantic Coast Line Depot is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad depot in Punta Gorda, Florida, United States. It is located at 1009 Taylor Road.
Owned and maintained by the Punta Gorda Historical Society, the building houses a Black history exhibit and an antique mall. On December 12, 1990, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
History.
The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad built the depot in 1928 as one of many investments it made to its railroad network during the Florida land boom of the 1920s. It served as Punta Gorda's third passenger rail depot, replacing earlier depots built by the Atlantic Coast Line's predecessor the Florida Southern Railway. The original depot, built in 1886, was a small frame depot located within the railroad's turning wye. The second depot, built in 1897, was slightly larger and was located along King Street (which today carries northbound U.S. Highway 41). It was demolished along with the Coast Line's King Street dock to accommodate the construction of the original Barron Collier Bridge over the Peace River.
The Punta Gorda depot was built in Neo-Spanish architecture, and was one of only six depots the Atlantic Coast Line built in that style. Of those six, only two still stand today (the other is in Bradenton).
Passenger rail service to Punta Gorda was discontinued in 1971. The building was eventually purchased by local landowner Fred Babcock, who donated it to the Punta Gorda Historical Society in 1996. The building today houses an antique mall.
The depot's platform is still within the railroad's right of way. Seminole Gulf Railway, who operates the rail line today, uses the platform every Christmas season for its "Christmas Rail-Boat" evening excursions. Passengers arrive from Fort Myers and transfer to a bus for a Christmas light boat tour through Punta Gorda Isles. They then reboard for the return trip to Fort Myers.

</doc>
<doc id="6914833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914833" title="Cesare Terranova">
Cesare Terranova

Cesare Terranova (; 25 August 1921 – 25 September 1979) was an Italian judge and politician from Sicily, notable for his anti-Mafia stance. From 1958 until 1971 Terranova was an examining magistrate at the Palermo prosecuting office. He was one of the first to seriously investigate the Mafia and the financial operations of Cosa Nostra. He was killed by the Mafia in 1979. 
Cesare Terranova was the predecessor of judge Rocco Chinnici, who created the Antimafia Pool, a group of investigating magistrates who closely worked together, sharing information to diffuse responsibility and to prevent one person from becoming the sole institutional memory and solitary target, as Terranova had become.
Early life and career.
Cesare Terranova was born on 25 August 1921, in Petralia Sottana, a small town located about 70 km southeast of Palermo, Sicily. He entered the judiciary in 1946. In 1958 he became the head of the Examining Office at the Palermo Court. At the time, the prosecution was separated in an examining phase, the so-called instruction phase, and a prosecuting phase. Terranova helped bring numerous Mafiosi to trial and imprisonment. He was a key figure in the Trial of the 114 which saw many prominent Mafiosi on trial for their role in the First Mafia War in the early 1960s, that ended with the Ciaculli massacre on 30 June 1963. On 31 May 1965, he ordered the prosecution of 114 mafiosi.
Despite Terranova’s efforts, the verdict of the Trial of the 114 on 22 December 1968, by the Court in Catanzaro was a disappointment, and all but 10 of the 114 defendants, including many prominent mafiosi, were acquitted. Angelo La Barbera got 22 years and Tommaso Buscetta received 14 years for two so-called “white deaths” - the so-called "lupara bianca" which is used to refer to a mafia-style murder in which the victim's body is deliberately hidden.
Terranova was the first to acknowledge the existence of a Sicilian Mafia Commission. His knowledge was informed by confidential report of the Carabinieri of 28 May 1963, where a confidential informant revealed the existence of a commission composed of fifteen persons – six from Palermo city and the rest from towns in the province – "each with the rank of boss of either a group or a Mafia family." Judge Terranova did not believe that the existence of a commission meant that the Mafia was a tightly unified structure.
Terranova led investigations into the connections between the Mafia and politics. He looked into the exploits of the prominent Sicilian politician Salvatore Lima as mayor of Palermo, and concluded that Lima was in league with a number of Mafiosi, including Angelo La Barbera. In an indictment in 1964, Terranova wrote: "it is clear that Angelo and Salvatore La Barbera (well-known bosses in the Palermo area) ... knew former mayor Salvatore Lima and maintained relations in such a way as to ask for favours. ... The undeniable contacts of the La Barbera mafiosi with the one who was the first citizen of Palermo ... constitute a confirmation of ... the infiltration of the Mafia in several sectors of public life." However, nothing came of his enquiries or allegations.
Prosecuting the Corleonesi.
Terranova made little attempt to hide the fact that his ambition was to bring Luciano Leggio, the boss of the Corleone Mafia Family – known as the Corleonesi – to justice. In 1965, Terranova ordered the prosecution of over sixty Corleonesi, including Leggio (Trial Leggio + 63), for a series of murders in Corleone from 1958 to 1963. The most prominent victim had been the Mafia-boss of Corleone, Michele Navarra.
However, the sentence of the Bari Court on 10 June 1969 resulted in acquittals for all the 64 defendants. The jury found Leggio guilty of stealing grain in 1948, for which he received a suspended sentence, but he was pronounced not guilty on all other accounts, including the murders of Placido Rizzotto and Navarra. The judges and prosecutors received anonymous letters threatening them with death. Salvatore Riina – Leggio's eventual successor – was acquitted in 1969 and remained at large until his capture in 1993.
The Corleonesi were indicted in the Trial of the 114 related to the First Mafia War that resulted in the Ciaculli Massacre, that was also prepared by Terranova. During an interrogation preparing the trial, Leggio refused to answer questions. When in response to one of them, Leggio replied that he could not even recall his own name or his parents, Terranova instructed the clerk: "Write that Leggio does not know whose son he is." Leggio was infuriated with the implication that he was a bastard. The incident was the beginning of a deep hatred by Leggio for Terranova. 
"Leggio actually had foam on his lips; he would have killed me on the spot if he could," Terranova told his wife. The prosecution appealed successfully against the Catanzaro verdict that had acquitted Leggio and had him tried "in absentia" in 1970. This time Leggio was found guilty, although he had left jail after the Catanzaro trial, given the time they had already spent in detention while awaiting trial, and it was not until 1974 that Leggio was captured again and taken into custody.
Antimafia Commission.
After the failure to fight the Mafia through the courts, Terranova changed strategy. In May 1972, he was elected as a representative in the Italian Parliament for the Independent Left, under the auspices of the Italian Communist Party (PCI). He became the secretary of the Antimafia Commission that was established in 1963 after the Ciaculli massacre. He was re-elected in 1976. Terranova together with PCI deputy Pio La Torre wrote the 1976 minority report of the Antimafia Commission, which pointed to links between the Mafia and prominent politicians, in particular of the Christian Democrat party (DC - Democrazia Cristiana).
Terranova urged his colleagues of the majority to take their responsibility. According to the minority report:
The reports and the documentation of the Antimafia Commission were essentially disregarded. Terranova talked of “thirteen wasted years” of the Antimafia Commission, and did not seek re-election again.
Death.
After seven years in Rome, at the end of the legislature in June 1979, Cesare Terranova asked to be re-instated in the judiciary. He was again appointed as the chief examining magistrate at the Court in Palermo to take the fight against the Mafia in the courts. "Don't worry," he told his wife, "they don't dare touch judges, they won't touch me."
However, on 25 September 1979, then aged fifty-eight, Terranova was shot to death in his car, along with his driver, policeman Lenin Mancuso, who acted as his bodyguard. The combination of his investigative skills and his recent political connections in Rome would have made Terranova an even more formidable Mafia opponent than before. Taking Terranova’s place was Rocco Chinnici, who was murdered by the Mafia in 1983.
While in prison, Luciano Leggio had ordered the killing of Terranova as a revenge for the insult at the interrogation in the 1960s. The murder was approved by the Mafia Commission. Terranova had become the worst enemy of Leggio and the Corleonesi. He had a photograph of Leggio in his office that his colleagues had given him as a joke. Leggio was charged with ordering Terranova's murder, but was acquitted for lack of evidence, both in the first trial, which was held in Reggio Calabria in 1983, and in 1986, in the appeal process.
New trial.
In 1997, the prosecution office in Reggio Calabria re-opened the murder investigation after the pentiti Francesco Di Carlo and Gaspare Mutolo named the mafiosi Giuseppe Giacomo Gambino, Vincenzo Puccio, Giuseppe Madonia and Leoluca Bagarella as the material killers. Di Carlo confirmed that Leggio had ordered the killing of Terranova. 
In 1974, when the Sicilian Mafia Commission was reorganized, Leggio through Totò Riina (Leggio was in jail) asked the Commission gathered at Michele Greco's estate Favarella for permission. The Commission decided, on instigation of Gaetano Badalamenti, that Terranova should be killed outside Sicily, in Rome. The killing was stalled because of plans to liberate Leggio. When that failed, Terranova's murder was on the agenda again and was confirmed in June 1979 during a Commission meeting at the Favarella estate.
On 15 January 2000, Salvatore Riina, Bernardo Brusca, Bernardo Provenzano, Francesco Madonia, Pippo Calò, Nenè Geraci and Michele Greco, all members of the Sicilian Mafia Commission at the time of the murder, were convicted to life sentences for ordering the murder of Terranova and Mancuso. Leggio had died. Leoluca Bagarella, Giuseppe Madonia and Giuseppe Farinella were acquitted as the material killers. After 25 years, in October 2004, the Supreme Court confirmed the life sentences for Totò Riina, Michele Greco, Nenè Geraci and Francesco Madonia.
Legacy.
Despite the fact that his prosecutions of the Mafia in the 1960s eventually failed in Court, Terranova was a pioneer in investigating the Mafia. His verdicts always included historical and theoretical aspects. He determined that there was "only one Mafia, neither old or young, neither good nor bad," but "efficient and dangerous, divided into clusters or groups or 'families,' or more accurate still, 'cosche.'" At the time, his analysis of the Mafia was modern and advanced. In the 1960s, it was not understood and accepted by the judiciary, which considered him too "bold" or worse, "imaginative". The revelations in 1984 of a pentito (informant) from the Mafia, Tommaso Buscetta, would prove him right. 
Terranova paved the way for a more successful prosecution of the Mafia in the 1980s. He was the predecessor of judge Rocco Chinnici, who succeeded Terranova as the chief examining magistrate at the Court in Palermo and who also became a victim of a Mafia attack in July 1983. Chinnici created the Antimafia Pool, a group of investigating magistrates who closely worked together to diffuse responsibility and to prevent one person from becoming a solitary target, like Terranova. Chinnici signed all indictments, along with the magistrates Giovanni Falcone and Paolo Borsellino, who were also killed by the Mafia in 1992, and other Sicilian judges, who presented a unified front to fight the Mafia. By joining efforts, they were a more difficult target for mafiosi, and preserved institutional memory by sharing information. Falcone and Borsellino prepared the Maxi Trial, that convicted 338 of the 475 Mafiosi members originally charged.
Cesare Terranova’s widow Giovanna became a prominent personality in the Antimafia movement after her husband was murdered. She co-founded the first permanent civil Antimafia organisation, the "Associazione donne siciliane per la lotta contro la Mafia" (Association of Sicilian Women against the Mafia). Giovanna Terranova said in an interview: "I would have felt guilty if I had stayed at home. I would have thought: Cesare died for nothing. Yes, because being killed is terrible, but being forgotten is even worse. It’s like dying twice."
In January 1982, on the initiative of judge Chinnici, a research center in the name of Cesare Terranova, the Centro Studi Giuridici e Sociali "Cesare Terranova", was set up in Palermo to honour his memory.

</doc>
<doc id="6914836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914836" title="State Route 429 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 429 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914838" title="Richard Brodsky">
Richard Brodsky

Richard Louis Brodsky (May 4, 1946 – April 8, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. Brodsky served in the New York Assembly from 1983 until 2010.
Early life and education.
Brodsky was born on May 4, 1946, in Brooklyn, New York City. In 1955, the family moved to Westchester County. He attended Ardsley High School. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Politics from Brandeis University and Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School.
Career.
A Democrat, Brodsky was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1983 to 2010, sitting in the 185th, 186th, 187th, 188th, 189th, 190th, 191st, 192nd, 193rd, 194th, 195th, 196th, 197th and 198th New York State Legislatures. He was first elected to public office in 1975, winning a seat in the Westchester County Board of Legislators.
In 2006, Brodsky announced his intentions of running for Attorney General of New York, a campaign that he suspended in order to donate a kidney to his 14-year-old daughter. He did not ultimately donate, but later introduced legislation that would make consent to organ donation presumptive for New York state residents. After the resignation of New York State Comptroller Alan Hevesi, Brodsky was a frontrunner to succeed the scandal-ridden Hevesi. Thomas DiNapoli was selected instead by the Legislature to serve out the rest of Hevesi's term. Brodsky later ran to succeed Attorney General Andrew Cuomo in the 2010 elections, but lost to Eric Schneiderman in the primary.
Brodsky wrote a weekly column for the Albany Times Union up until days before his death. He served on the Board of Advisors of the Global Panel Foundation. In 2010, Brodsky became a Senior Fellow at the Robert F. Wagner Graduate School of Public Service at New York University. Additionally, in April 2011, Brodsky joined non-partisan public policy organization Demos as Senior Fellow. He wrote regularly for Demos' "Policy Shop" weblog and is a columnist for "The Capitol".
Brodsky worked as a lawyer for the Working Families Party for years, notably winning a "landmark case stemming out of the 2004 Albany County district attorney contest that let the WFP spend money in Democratic primary races, paving the way for the WFP’s future involvement in campaigns like the one run by Cynthia Nixon in the 2018 gubernatorial campaign." On the day that Governor Andrew Cuomo began to put New York on lockdown in response to the COVID-19 crisis, Brodsky won "a WFP challenge against rules created by the Public Financing Commission that threatened to destroy the state’s minor parties."
Political positions and legislation.
Oversight of public authorities.
Brodsky sponsored the Public Authorities Reform Act, which was signed into law in December 2009.
As Chair of the Assembly Committee on Corporations, Authorities and Commissions, Brodsky investigated New York's system of public authorities, including the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, the New York State Thruway Authority, the Long Island Power Authority and the Olympic Regional Development Authority. Brodsky sponsored the Public Authorities Accountability Act of 2005.
Nuclear power.
During his career, Brodsky, was concerned with the potential safety hazards of nuclear power plants located at Indian Point Energy Center. He released the Interim Report on the Evacuation Plans for the Indian Point Nuclear Generating Facility in February 2002, highlighting the perceived failures of Entergy and state authorities to develop a feasible evacuation plan in a theoretical core meltdown, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic emergency. Three months later he co-signed a petition to FEMA requesting that it deny continued approval to the Indian Point Evacuation Plans. In January 2010, he filed suit against the Nuclear Regulatory Commission "challenging its decision to allow Entergy Inc., which operates the nuclear facilities at Indian Point in Buchanan, New York, to violate fire safety standards."
In May 2011, Brodsky sent a letter to the NRC formally complaining of commissions' violations of the Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA) law with respect to his FOI request earlier that year. The request had sought a complete listing of all "exemptions" to health and safety rules, including fire safety, at nuclear power plants across America. The "exemptions" in question included issues of fire safety, control of safety systems that are required for safe shutdown in cases where core meltdown is possible, safe evacuation of civilian populations and safe storage of spent fuel.
Environment.
When Brodsky was Chairman of the Committee on Environmental Conservation (1993–2002), he authored the legislation responsible for creating the Environmental Protection Fund, devoted to environmental protection and preservation in New York State. Brodsky is also partially responsible for having authored the Clean Air/Clean Water Bond Act, a $1.75 billion bond act approved by New York state voters in 1996. In 2007, Brodsky introduced legislation which subsequently passed to phase out the use of pesticides on State property.
Constitutional Convention.
Brodsky sponsored legislation permitting New Yorkers to vote on whether a Constitutional Convention should be held in New York State in 2010. He publicly recommended that those calling for a Convention must realize that they "have an obligation to tell us what the Constitution would look like when they are finished with it."""
Brodsky was one of the few prominent political figures to support a "yes" vote on the automatic constitutional convention referendum of 2017, which was defeated.
Taxes.
Brodsky was involved in the creation of the New York State School Tax Relief Program (STAR), which was enacted into law in 1996. He also co-sponsored legislation to eliminate the state tax on clothing.
Telecommunications.
Brodsky worked to reform New York's telecommunications and energy systems. In 2007 he authored the Omnibus Telecommunications Reform Act that would create a broadband authority, expand universal service, protect the traditional telephone system, create cable competition and protect net neutrality. He led an effort to make the Internet safer, authoring several Internet security bills, including the anti-phishing act of 2006, the computer breaking and entering act, a bill to notify consumers of the limitations of 911 emergency services using Internet phones and the country's first-of-its-kind act to combat modem hijacking.
Brodsky co-authored a Demos paper in opposition to NJ Senate Bill 2664, or the "Market Competition and Consumer Choice Act," entitled "How To Raise The Phone Bill On The Average New Jersey Family."
Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
As Chairman of the Committee on Corporations, Authorities and Commissions, Brodsky was involved in the 2009/2010 financial issues facing the MTA. He held hearings to investigate the authority as well as seeking to retain funding for New York City student MetroCards. As Chairman of the Committee on Corporations, Authorities and Commissions, Brodsky sought greater oversight and funding for the authority.
Congestion pricing.
In July 2007, Brodsky became a leading opponent of New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's congestion pricing proposal. Brodsky issued a negative report about the proposal. According to the New York State Board of Elections, Brodsky received more campaign contributions from New York City's parking garage industry than any other state legislator. The proposal, which would have substantially reduced New York City motor vehicle traffic congestion and provided funding to mass transit, failed.
Death.
Brodsky died on April 8, 2020, in Greenburgh, New York, of a heart attack, aged 73. He also suffered symptoms consistent with COVID-19.

</doc>
<doc id="6914841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914841" title="Bishop of Olmütz">
Bishop of Olmütz



</doc>
<doc id="6914844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914844" title="Ladder system">
Ladder system



</doc>
<doc id="6914848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914848" title="State Route 432 (Virginia pre-1933)">
State Route 432 (Virginia pre-1933)



</doc>
<doc id="6914849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914849" title="Camp 22, North Korea">
Camp 22, North Korea



</doc>
<doc id="6914854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914854" title="Gustav Frederik Holm">
Gustav Frederik Holm

Gustav Frederik Holm (6 August 1849 – 13 March 1940) was a Danish naval officer and Arctic explorer born in Copenhagen.
Career.
He was made commander in the navy in 1899, was chief of the hydrographic bureau from 1899 to 1909, and became director of pilots in 1912. He became distinguished for his explorations, especially of the east coast of Greenland. In 1876, he participated in K. J. V. Steenstrup's geological expedition to the Julianehåb District. From 1883 to 1885 he led the Umiak Expedition with T. V. Garde, exploring the east coast of Christian IX Land, as far as 66° 8' N using umiak boats. The expedition encountered 11 Inuit communities, numbering 431 inhabitants, who were previously unknown to Europeans, and discovered five great ice fiords. For his explorations he received gold medals from the Société de géographie, Paris (1891), and the Danish Geographical Society (1895), and the Danish Order of Merit (1909). The results and observations of the expeditions were published in "Den danske Konebaads-Expedition til Grønlands Østkyst 1883–85" (1889) and "Om de geografiske Forhold i dansk Østgrønland" (1889).
Posthumous honours.
Cape Gustav Holm, Holm Island (Kiatassuaq) and Holm Land were named after him.

</doc>
<doc id="6914860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914860" title="Looe Estuary">
Looe Estuary

The Looe Estuary () is an estuary in the southeastern part of Cornwall in south-west England, which leads to the mouth of the River Looe in Looe Bay. The town of Looe sits on the west and east side of the estuary.
The estuary is a ria and was formed around 12,000 years ago.
From 1405 to 1411, a bridge was built over the estuary and in 1824, a coastguard station was built, possibly to suppress smuggling operations in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="6914863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914863" title="St. Charles Avenue">
St. Charles Avenue

St. Charles Avenue () is a thoroughfare in New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S. and the route of the St. Charles Streetcar Line. It is also famous for the dozens of mansions that adorn the tree-lined boulevard for much of the uptown section of the boulevard. It is named for St. Charles Borromeo, patron saint of Charles III of Spain, the monarch when France transferred the then-vast territory of Louisiana to Spain at the conclusion of the Seven Years' War in 1763.
The Southern live oak trees, plentiful in the historic Garden District, were planted during the early twentieth century. Similar additions were made on other major New Orleans streets, such as Carrollton Avenue, Napoleon Avenue, and part of Canal Street, becoming one of the city's most memorable features.
St. Charles Avenue is one of the chief Mardi Gras parade routes.
The street.
The "downriver" end meets Canal Street. On the other side of Canal Street in the French Quarter, the corresponding street is Royal Street. From Canal Street, St. Charles runs up through the New Orleans Central Business District, then the length of Uptown New Orleans, reflecting the crescent curve of the Mississippi River but at a distance inland. It continues to the Carrollton neighborhood, ending one block past Carrollton Avenue where it intersects with Leake Street/River Road at the foot of the Mississippi River levee.
From Canal Street to Lee Circle, St. Charles Avenue is properly called St. Charles Street and is one way in the upriver direction with two lanes of traffic, with the streetcar track sharing right-of-way with one lane of motor vehicle traffic. From Lee Circle to Louisiana Avenue it has two lanes of traffic in each direction with two streetcar rail lines on the grassy tree-lined median ("neutral ground" in local parlance). From Louisiana Avenue to Carrollton Avenue it has one lane of traffic in each direction plus the streetcar neutral ground. The streetcar line turns inland at Carrollton Avenue to follow the thoroughfare, while the final stretch continues the final short block to River Road.
Major intersections, from east to west, include: Canal Street, Poydras Street, Lee Circle/Howard Avenue, Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard/Melpomene Avenue, Jackson Avenue, Washington Avenue, Louisiana Avenue, Napoleon Avenue, Jefferson Avenue, Nashville Avenue, Broadway Street, Carrollton Avenue, and Leake Avenue.
History.
For the first half of the 19th century, the portion of St. Charles above Lee Circle (then "Tivoli Circle") was known as Nyades Street. The lower portion was and is an important corridor in the Central Business District. Historically significant buildings include Gallier Hall, which was City Hall until the 1950s.
The street was laid out atop a slight rise, the remains of an old natural levee, in connection with the construction of the New Orleans and Carrollton Railroad, which became the St. Charles Streetcar Line. The long traffic avenue originally used for horse-drawn buggies and wagons, with public rail transit running down the center, helped fuel the development of Uptown in the 19th century.
In 1889, writer Martha R. Field observed that "St. Charles Avenue is seven miles long, and is paved with asphalt its entire length" and was lined "with beautiful homes."
St. Charles Avenue was the favored site for construction of mansions by the wealthy from the mid 19th century through the early years of the 20th century. A number of the old mansions were torn down in the mid- and late 20th century, until the area was declared an historic district. Many of the surviving ones have been divided into condominiums or rental apartments; others have been utilized as businesses, small hotels, and a library, while some remain individually-owned residences.
In early 1999, an effort by the New Orleans Police Department was made to clean up the Avenue and the blocks north, which were beginning to show signs of seediness. The illegal drug industry was pushed back into Central City.
During the 2005 flooding of the majority of New Orleans due to levee failures caused by Hurricane Katrina, St. Charles Avenue and the portion of Uptown closer to the Mississippi River escaped significant flooding.
Prominent buildings.
Notable buildings along St. Charles Avenue include several hotels, perhaps the most famous still in business being the Pontchartrain Hotel, in business since 1927. The Columns Hotel is a small hotel in a 19th-century mansion; part of the film "Pretty Baby" was made here.
The St. Charles Hotel, near Canal Street, was one of the city's two most well-known hotels through most of the 19th and early 20th centuries; it was torn down in the 1970s. (The other was the St. Louis Hotel in the French Quarter, which was replaced in the 20th century by the Royal Orleans.) The former Bienville Hotel on Lee Circle is now an apartment building.
The headquarters of the United Fruit Company was on St. Charles Avenue in the Central Business District.
The former mansion of silent-film star Marguerite Clark is now the Milton Latter Memorial branch of the New Orleans Public Library.
The facades of both Tulane University and Loyola University New Orleans are located on St. Charles Avenue, opposite Audubon Park.

</doc>
<doc id="6914865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914865" title="Kate Hewlett">
Kate Hewlett

Katherine Emily Hewlett (born December 17, 1976) is a Canadian film, television and stage actress.
Biography.
On , Hewlett was born in Toronto of the Canadian province of Ontario, North America.
Hewlett has worked in television, film and theatre. Her brother is actor David Hewlett, who portrayed Rodney McKay in "Stargate Atlantis". She guest-starred as McKay's sister, Jeannie Miller, in four episodes on the series. She also co-starred with him, again as his sister, in the unrelated film "A Dog's Breakfast" (2006).
Hewlett wrote and starred in the off-Broadway production of "Humans Anonymous," which was the winner of 'Best of Fringe' and 'Best Ensemble' at the 2008 Toronto Fringe Festival and 'Outstanding New Play' at the 2010 New York International Fringe Festival.
In 2012, Hewlett was cast in the Canadian teen drama series "" as Margaret Matlin, a role she played until 2014. In 2013, she starred in Jeremy Lalonde's low-budget comedy feature film "Sex After Kids" (2013).
In 2014, Hewlett was cast in the comedy television series "The Stanley Dynamic" as Lisa Stanley. In the episode 'The Stanley Astronaut', she once again worked alongside her brother, David.
Hewlett guest-starred in the 2016 Starz series "The Girlfriend Experience" (2016), based on Steven Soderbergh's film of the same name.
Hewlett played the role of Mayor Flaherty, in the TV show "Hollie Hobby," in 2018.
In 2013, Hewlett published her book "The Swearing Jar" (2013), which has been turned into a play. In 2021, it was announced that production had begun on a further feature film adaptation, which premiered in 2022 as "The Swearing Jar" (2022).
Hewlett won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Original Song at the 11th Canadian Screen Awards in 2023, for "The Swearing Song", a song she wrote for "The Swearing Jar".

</doc>
<doc id="6914870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914870" title="Herrang Dance Camp">
Herrang Dance Camp



</doc>
<doc id="6914873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914873" title="La mojarra monument 1">
La mojarra monument 1



</doc>
<doc id="6914878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914878" title="Benjamin Syndrome">
Benjamin Syndrome



</doc>
<doc id="6914888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914888" title="اسلام آباد">
اسلام آباد



</doc>
<doc id="6914893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914893" title="Lake Placid station (Florida)">
Lake Placid station (Florida)

The Old Lake Placid Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Depot, now the Historical Society Depot Museum of the Lake Placid Historical Society, is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad depot in Lake Placid, Florida. It is located at 12 East Park Street.
The station was completed in 1927, but only served passengers until the mid-1950s. Freight trains continued to use the line until the 1970s. On January 4, 1993, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6914896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914896" title="Bengal Nights">
Bengal Nights

La Nuit Bengali () is a 1933 Romanian novel written by the author and philosopher Mircea Eliade.
It is a fictionalized account of the love story between Eliade, who was visiting India at the time, and the young Maitreyi Devi (protégée of the great Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore, who became a famous writer herself). The novel was translated into Italian in 1945, German in 1948, Spanish in 1952, Bengali in 1988, Esperanto in 2007 (as "Fraŭlino Maitreyi" as part of the Serio Oriento-Okcidento), Catalan in 2011, Georgian in 2019, and Albanian in 2022. Its most famous translation is the one in French, published as "La Nuit Bengali" in 1950.
For many years, Maitreyi Devi was not aware that the story had been published. After reading it, she wrote her own version of the relationship in 1974. Entitled "Na Hanyate", it was originally published in Bengali. It was published in English as "It Does Not Die".
In fulfillment of a promise Eliade made to Maitreyi that his novel would not be published in English during their lifetimes, an English translation, of "Mayitreyi", "Bengal Nights" did not appear until 1993. In 1994, the University of Chicago Press published the two works in English as companion volumes.
Plot.
Allan is an employee of the company run by engineer Narendra Sen. When sent to work in a rain-abundant region of India, Allan becomes ill with malaria. He is returned to Calcutta and admitted into a hospital. After treatment, Sen invites Allan into his own house. Shortly after the young guest falls in love with the host's daughter (Maitreyi), their forbidden love gradually grows, resulting in Maitreyi and Allan ending up together.
Chabu, Maitreyi's sister, unwillingly witnesses the lovers hugging thus banishing Allan and isolating Maitreyi. Both suffer immensely. To rid himself of the suffering, Allan retreats into a bungalow in the Himalaya mountains where he meets Jenia Issac.
Film, TV or theatrical adaptations.
"La Nuit Bengali" is a 1988 film based upon the French translation of the same name. It stars Hugh Grant (Allan), Soumitra Chatterjee (Narendra Sen), Shabana Azmi (Indira Sen), Supriya Pathak (Gayatri), Anne Brochet (Guertie).
In 2025, Șerban Nichifor composed the ballet suite "Maitreyi", which was published in France.

</doc>
<doc id="6914903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914903" title="لاہور">
لاہور



</doc>
<doc id="6914910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914910" title="Tawara-Jime">
Tawara-Jime



</doc>
<doc id="6914911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914911" title="Ladder (disambiguation)">
Ladder (disambiguation)

A ladder is a runged climbing aid.
Ladder, The Ladder, or Ladders may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6914916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914916" title="Gebhard of Calw">
Gebhard of Calw



</doc>
<doc id="6914917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914917" title="The Abominable Snowman of the Himalayas">
The Abominable Snowman of the Himalayas



</doc>
<doc id="6914922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914922" title="Acridine Yellow">
Acridine Yellow



</doc>
<doc id="6914923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914923" title="Mount Dora station">
Mount Dora station

The Old Mount Dora A. C. L. Railroad Station (also known as the Mount Dora Chamber of Commerce) is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad (ACL) depot in Mount Dora, Florida. It is located at 341 North Alexander Street. It was built by ACL in 1915, replacing an earlier depot built in 1895 when the line was part of the Plant System. The station's design, which includes elements of the Queen Anne and Romanesque Revival styles, is similar to other ACL stations of the era. The line was mainly used to ship citrus fruit and other agricultural products, though its passenger trains also brought tourists to the city. Passenger service ended in 1949, and the Mount Dora Chamber of Commerce bought the station in 1981. On March 5, 1992, the station was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="6914928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914928" title="The Wolfen">
The Wolfen

The Wolfen (1978) is the debut novel of Whitley Strieber. It tells the story of two police detectives in New York City who are involved in the investigation of suspicious deaths across the city, which are revealed to be the work of a race of intelligent beings descended from canids, called the Wolfen. The novel is told from the point of view of the human characters as well from the Wolfen themselves.
A film adaptation directed by Michael Wadleigh and starring Albert Finney was released in 1981.
Plot.
The violent junk yard deaths of Hugo DiFalco and Dennis Houlihan from the NYPD Auto Squad trigger an investigation led by detectives Becky Neff and George Wilson. The evidence shows nothing conclusive, except that the victims were quickly and brutally attacked by an animal, in light of the gnawing marks on the bones and paw prints left on the mud near the attack. Although the murdered policemen were healthy, they seemed to be unable to defend themselves or fire their service firearms. In addition, the hand of one of the policemen, still holding his gun, was severed from his arm, having not had a chance to fire the weapon.
To the detectives' dismay, the Chief of Police, lacking a plausible explanation for the attack, has written into the official report that a pack of stray dogs attacked the policemen after becoming intoxicated with carbon monoxide, to avoid raising public concern in advance of upcoming elections. The detectives pay a visit to the medical examiner, Dr. Evans, who informs them that there were no knife marks, that the victims were eaten, and that unidentified canine fur, bites, and claw marks were found on the bodies.
Reluctant to leave the real cause of death of their colleagues unknown, Neff and Wilson decide to take some paw-print casts to Tom Rilker, a dog trainer, in an attempt to identify the breed of dogs that may have attacked the policemen, hypothesizing that someone might've trained, employed, and weaponized dogs. The conversation turns to the topic of corrupt policemen, including rumors of Dick Neff, Becky's husband – implying that he's receiving money from certain groups. Later on, it's learned that Dick accepted bribes from a gambling ring so that he could place his father, who suffers from Parkinson's disease, in a nursing home that offers him proper care, rather than a state hospital.
During the search for a blind missing person, the police are led to an abandoned building, where they discover evidence of more bodies in differing states of decay. Neff and Wilson search the building, where Neff hears a baby's cries, and seeks to investigate, but is reluctantly convinced by Wilson to wait for police backup. The infant's cry, however, is revealed to be a lure by a pack of creatures living in the building, who react to the detectives' incursion by attempting to separate the two. After Neff declines to pursue the sound, she leaves with Wilson, who tells Neff that he wants to leave because he feels that they're being watched by something, a feeling similar to the reaction of an old buck before being taken down by a pack of wolves. Wilson also confesses to Neff that he has romantic feelings for her.
Neff and Wilson consult another expert, Dr. Carl Ferguson, who works at the Museum of Natural History and has also examined the paw-print casts. Ferguson observes the paws' resemblance to canine paws, except for longer fingers and claws, and concludes that they belong to a species not yet classified. Neff becomes concerned after developing the feeling, much as Wilson did, that someone observed her when she was near a window with a balcony, a location difficult to reach due to its height.
It's discovered that a pack of intelligent and savage canine creatures called the Wolfen are stalking the city. These predators are not werewolves, but are a separate race of intelligent beings descended from canids that live secretly alongside mankind. The Wolfen turned the decaying ghettos into their new feeding grounds, hunting the abandoned of humanity: the homeless, drug abusers, outcasts, and any people whom the Wolfen believe would not be missed. They also quickly kill anyone who learn of their existence.
Eventually, the Wolfen infiltrate a high-rise building and attack Wilson and Neff, who kill several of their number. The rest of the pack flees as reinforcements arrive for the two police officers. The carcasses of the slain Wolfen will prove their existence, and it's implied that something will be done about the revelation that humanity has a predator. Returning to their hideout, the Wolfen acknowledge their grim future, and let out a defiant howl answered by various other packs that begin to converge.
Reception.
Critical and scholarly reception for "The Wolfen" has been mostly positive. In their book "Intersections", Professors Slusser and Rabkin comment that Strieber makes the supernatural an "explainable part of the real universe" and undercuts the fantastic to give a more scientific explanation. Don D'Ammassa praised the book form of "Wolfen" in his "Encyclopedia of Fantasy and Horror Fiction", but commented that the film adaptation was "only intermittently loyal" to the novel.

</doc>
<doc id="6914935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914935" title="Khrimian Hayrik">
Khrimian Hayrik



</doc>
<doc id="6914949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914949" title="Robinson map">
Robinson map



</doc>
<doc id="6914950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914950" title="The Strange Case of Peter the Lett">
The Strange Case of Peter the Lett

The Strange Case of Peter the Lett () is a 1931 detective novel by the Belgian writer Georges Simenon. It is the first novel to feature Inspector Jules Maigret who would later appear in more than a hundred stories by Simenon and who has become a legendary figure in the annals of detective fiction.
Plot summary.
Maigret is notified through Interpol that Peter the Lett, an international fraudster and leader of the notorious Baltic Gang, is travelling to Paris. Furnished only with a description he and a squad from the Police Judiciaire plan to intercept him at the Gare du Nord. However, after seeing a man who matches the description Maigret is called to a carriage of the train to find a body, also matching the description he has.
Tracking the first man to a hotel he is identified as Oswald Oppenheim, a businessman in town to meet an American, Mortimer Levington, and his wife.
Meanwhile, a forensic examination of the body leads Maigret to the seaside town of Fécamp, and to the family of a Norwegian sea captain, Olaf Swaan, another man who matches Peter's description. While staking out the house, he follows another, identical, man, an itinerant Russian, later named Fyodor Yurevich. Maigret follows him back to Paris, to a flop-house in the Marais district where he is found to live with a prostitute, Anna Gorskin.
So who is Peter? A vagrant, a seaman, a businessman, a corpse? Is he Russian, Norwegian, American, or Latvian? Maigret's persistence is needed to unravel the mystery and track down the real Peter.
Maigret's method.
In this story, we are introduced to aspects of M's detective method. Simenon tells us that, like any other policeman, Maigret “worked with the amazing tools that men like Bertillon, Reiss and Locard have given the police; anthropometry, the principle of the trace and so on”. But that beyond that he sought “the crack in the wall” where the tiniest flaw in a man's camouflage is allowed to slip, giving Maigret a firm grasp on his real nature (p 38).
Later Simenon describes the moment when Peter's character “cracked wide open”; having observed that Peter was not merely playing a role, but “living quite different lives in alternation”, Maigret caught, in a bar-room mirror “a quiver in Pietr's lips, and an almost imperceptible contraction of his nostrils”. At that moment Maigret saw “now the guest of the Majestic, now Anna Gorskin's tormented lover” (p94-96).
Maigret's description.
Simenon recalled when asked about the conception of his character, that he was sitting on his boat and imagined "a large, powerfully built gentleman I thought would make a passable inspector. As the day wore on I added other features; a pipe, a bowler hat, a thick overcoat with a velvet collar, and, as it was cold and damp, I put a cast-iron stove in his office".
Other titles.
The book has been translated three times into English: In 1933, by Anthony Abbot as "The Strange Case of Peter the Lett"; in 1963 by Daphne Woodward as "Maigret and the Enigmatic Lett"; and in 2013 by David Bellos as "Pietr the Latvian".
Adaptations.
The story has been adapted for television three times: In English in 1963 (with Rupert Davies in the main role); in Dutch in 1967 (Jan Teulings); and in French in 1972 (Jean Richard).

</doc>
<doc id="6914951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914951" title="Indian Daylight Time">
Indian Daylight Time



</doc>
<doc id="6914954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914954" title="India Daylight Time">
India Daylight Time



</doc>
<doc id="6914955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914955" title="Andreas Beutler">
Andreas Beutler

Andreas Beutler (born January 26, 1963) is a retired professional ice hockey defender. He spent the majority of his career with SC Bern in the National League A and won three NLA championships with the team in 1989, 1991 and 1992. After retiring he became a coach and has coached several teams in the Swiss lower leagues.
International play.
Andreas Beutler participated in the following tournaments for the Swiss national team:

</doc>
<doc id="6914956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914956" title="Once Upon a Time (Donna Summer album)">
Once Upon a Time (Donna Summer album)

Once Upon a Time is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Donna Summer. It was released on October 31, 1977, and peaked at No. 26 on the US "Billboard" 200, number thirteen on the Top R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and No. 24 on the UK Albums Chart. The entire album charted as one entry at No. 1 on the Hot Dance/Disco chart. "Once Upon a Time" includes the singles "I Love You", "Fairy Tale High", "Once Upon a Time" and "Rumour Has It". The album did not spawn a hit single as popular as "I Feel Love".
The concept album was Summer's (and Disco's) first double album, telling a modern-day Cinderella-themed story through means of disco music. The album's story concept was conceived by Joyce Bogart, Susan Munao and Donna Summer based on an idea by Al Bogatz. The songs were written in collaboration between Summer, Giorgio Moroder and Pete Bellotte. The album was her last to be recorded at Musicland Studios in Munich. Arrangements were handled by Bob Esty while electronic arrangements were the work of Moroder. The artwork was designed by Stephen Lumel and Gribbitt! with photography by Francesco Scavullo.
Concept and image.
Summer's previous two records were musical concept albums: 1976's "Four Seasons of Love" told the story of a love affair by relating it to the four seasons, while 1977's "I Remember Yesterday" presented a musical catalogue of musical styles and lyrical themes from the past, present and an imagined future. "Once Upon a Time" is another concept album—the first "disco opera" per Robert Christgau—developed by Joyce Bogart, Susan Munao and Donna Summer as a modern-day Cinderella narrative.
Throughout the album and as described in the liner notes storyline, the songs tell the story of a young woman who lives in a fantasy world of make-believe in which she is seemingly trapped, but thanks to her belief in her dreams she embarks on an adventure that ends with the man she loves entering her life. The "rags to riches" story is brought into the modern day via the use of the electronic disco sound.
Release and reception.
The "Bay State Banner" noted that "Once Upon a Time" "was one of the most candid portraits of fantasy and insecurity yet issued in the disco genre, and its confessions were credited to Summer's own pen." "The Globe and Mail" praised "A Man Like You", writing that Summers "doesn't groan or pant out her version of sexspeak, she actually opens up and sings... But for three minutes of good vocals it just isn't worth wading through the other 60 minutes of militarism." John Rockwell, of "The New York Times", listed "Once Upon a Time" as the eighth best album of 1977.
The album made the US Top 30 and was certified gold in the U.S. by the RIAA that same year, spending well over a year on the charts. It spawned the European hit single "I Love You", which became her fifth Top 10 in the UK in less than two years, and it also hit the US Top 40. "Rumour Has It" was also a UK Top 20 hit.

</doc>
<doc id="6914957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914957" title="Mystery of the Glowing Eye">
Mystery of the Glowing Eye

Mystery of the Glowing Eye is the fifty-first volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1974 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
Plot.
When Ned Nickerson is kidnapped, Nancy knows it has something to do with the code name "Cyclops", but she has to work out the connection with the glowing eye-shaped stone in the museum. The plot involves advanced technology for the 1970s including a robot helicopter and a paralyzing ray.
Nancy is also troubled by a young lawyer's romantic intentions toward Carson Drew.

</doc>
<doc id="6914959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914959" title="Smasher IV (comics)">
Smasher IV (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6914961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914961" title="Tigertrap Records">
Tigertrap Records

Tigertrap Records is a London-based record label, which was set up in late 2005 by Drowned in Sound writers Tom Edwards and Adie Nunn. The label released a series of singles through 2006, concentrating on unbroken talent. During this time, former Warp Records employee Gill Barker joined to manage the label's business affairs. Their first single, 586's "We Got Bored" became a sizeable indie club hit and NME awarded it 'Runner Up Single of the Week' in May '06. The second release was "Lowlife" by Scanners, which went on to be featured in a Jeff Bridges film, "Mama's Boy". The band released their debut album on Dim Mak (home to Bloc Party, The Rakes, etc.).
Later that year their Brooklyn-based pre-teen brother/sister duo Tiny Masters of Today were featured in Newsweek and on the covers of Artrocker magazine and New York Times. The band, featuring guest drummer Russell Simins of The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, signed to Mute Records worldwide in 2007 and released a critically acclaimed album, "Bang Bang Boom Cake".
In 2007 the label signed former Symposium songwriter Wojtek Godzisz, whose EP 'Burning Ideals' was their first official CD release. That January also saw the departure of Adie Nunn to singles label/promoter Club Fandango. Tigertrap completed its run of singles deals in March '07 and began working towards albums with its current roster Clone Quartet, Infants, Untitled Musical Project and Wojtek Godzisz.

</doc>
<doc id="6914964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914964" title="Tengritagh District">
Tengritagh District



</doc>
<doc id="6914967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914967" title="The Secret of the Forgotten City">
The Secret of the Forgotten City

The Secret of the Forgotten City is the fifty-second volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1975 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
Plot summary.
Gold! There are rumors that long ago a treasure was hidden in a city now buried under the Nevada desert. Nancy Drew and her friends plan to join a dig sponsored by two colleges to hunt for the gold. Before she starts, the young sleuth receives an ancient stone tablet with petroglyphs on it. With this amazing clue, however, come a threat from a thief who also wants the treasure.
One harrowing adventure after another besets Nancy, George, Bess, Ned, Burt, and Dave in 102 degrees temperatures as they pursue Nancy's hunches above and below ground. They are assisted by a fine Indian woman and a young geology student, but both are unwilling participants in a strange plot. In the end Nancy and Ned nearly lose their lives, just after she has discovered the priceless hidden treasure of gold.

</doc>
<doc id="6914969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914969" title="Encyclopaedia Britannica Eleventh Edition">
Encyclopaedia Britannica Eleventh Edition



</doc>
<doc id="6914974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914974" title="Livin' The Rock Star Life">
Livin' The Rock Star Life



</doc>
<doc id="6914978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914978" title="The Sky Phantom">
The Sky Phantom

The Sky Phantom is the fifty-third volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1976 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
Plot summary.
Nancy goes to the Excello Flying School in the Midwest to take lessons while her friends Bess and George perfect their horse riding. At once, the young sleuth is confronted with the mystery of a hijacked plane and a missing pilot. Then the rancher's prize pony, Major is stolen. Nancy becomes a detective in a plane and on horseback to track down the elusive sky phantom and the horse thief. A lucky find – a medal with a message to be deciphered on it – furnishes a worthwhile clue. Romance is added when Bess becomes interested in a handsome cowboy. Readers will spur Nancy on as she investigates a strange magnetic cloud, hunts for the horse thief, and finally arrives at a surprising solution.

</doc>
<doc id="6914986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914986" title="Vein (Character)">
Vein (Character)



</doc>
<doc id="6914987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914987" title="Kissing Cousin">
Kissing Cousin



</doc>
<doc id="6914995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914995" title="Hasami jime">
Hasami jime

Hasami jime is a chokehold in judo. It is described in "The Canon of Judo" and demonstrated by Kyuzo Mifune in the video "The Essence of Judo".

</doc>
<doc id="6914996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914996" title="Lake Wales station">
Lake Wales station

The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Station was an Atlantic Coast Line Railroad station in Lake Wales, Florida. On August 31, 1990, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. The building is now used by the Lake Wales History Museum.
History.
It was built as a passenger station by the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad and R.W. Burrows Construction Company in 1928 at an approximate cost of $51,000. Replacing service at the original depot, the new location was chosen to relieve traffic congestion in the downtown area. A freight room and loading platform were added in 1938.
Passenger service to Lake Wales ceased in 1954.The station continued to handle freight, which had provided the bulk of its cargo since the 1930s, until 1974 when freight service shifted to the West Lake Wales station, and trains no longer stopped at the Lake Wales depot.
Conversion to Museum.
Spearheaded by the Bicentennial Commission, efforts began in 1974 to convert the empty building into a museum and cultural arts center for the citizens of Lake Wales. In 1976, Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Station opened as the Lake Wales Depot Museum. Now named the Lake Wales History Museum, the museum is operated by the Lake Wales History Museum, Inc. with the support of the City of Lake Wales. A model railroad layout is one of the exhibits on display.
Architecture.
The one-story masonry building exhibits elements of the Mediterranean Revival Style that characterized architectural design in Florida during the 1920s. The building was constructed of hollow tile, its exterior walls covered with smooth stucco, and its hip roof with boxed eaves and barrel tile surfacing. A brick chimney with an arched hood projects from the center of the roof ridge. Cross-gable extensions with curvilinear parapet ends extend from the east and west sides. The east side gable extension has a round arch entrance with a fanlight, which leads into the waiting room. The west side extension has a pair of round-arch double-hung sash windows.
The exterior of the building retains its original appearance, altered only by the addition of a freight room in 1938. Some interior modifications occurred during the station's conversion to a museum in the mid-1970s. The original ticket window may still be found in place on the east wall of the passenger waiting room. The freight room located in the rear section of the building has suffered little alteration. Notable features of the freight room include the original Y-bracket support columns, exposed ceiling beams, and plank flooring.

</doc>
<doc id="6914997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6914997" title="The Strange Message in the Parchment">
The Strange Message in the Parchment

The Strange Message in the Parchment is the fifty-fourth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1977 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
Plot summary.
A sheep farmer receives a mysterious telephone call shortly after he buys a series of pictures painted on parchment. "Decipher the message in the parchment and right a great wrong," the voice says. Puzzled, the owner asks Nancy to help.
With Junie, his daughter, Nancy tracks down a kidnapper and a group of extortionists. Clues weave in and out of several puzzles, two of which are linked with Italy. Is there a connection between the message in the parchment and a boy artist on another farm? And who is responsible for the atmosphere of fear in the neighborhood?
After several harrowing experiences, Nancy begins to tighten the net around a ruthless villain and calls on the assistance of her friends Ned, Burt, Dave, Bess and George to bring his nefarious schemes to a dead end.

</doc>
<doc id="6915000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915000" title="Mystery of Crocodile Island">
Mystery of Crocodile Island

Mystery of Crocodile Island is the fifty-fifth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1978 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams.
Plot.
Nancy responds to a friend's frantic call for help and she and her father travel to Crocodile Island in Florida with Bess and George to study the reptiles and try to uncover a group of poachers. Upon arriving, the group is kidnapped, but they escape and uncover a sinister plot involving many unsuspected victims.

</doc>
<doc id="6915001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915001" title="Joe Tereshinski Sr.">
Joe Tereshinski Sr.

Joseph Peter Tereshinski Sr. (December 7, 1923 – June 9, 2013) was an American football tight end and assistant coach in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins. He played college football at the University of Georgia and was drafted in the 13th round of the 1946 NFL draft. 
After his retirement in 1954, he became an assistant coach for the Redskins and served in that capacity until 1960
Tereshinski was the father of former Georgia Bulldogs Joe Tereshinski Jr. and Wally Tereshinski and the grandfather of former Bulldogs quarterback Joe Tereshinski III and John Tereshinski, a former tight end of Wake Forest.
He died at an assisted living facility in Athens, Georgia, in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6915015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915015" title="The Thirteenth Pearl">
The Thirteenth Pearl

The Thirteenth Pearl is the fifty-sixth volume in the Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series. It was first published in 1979 under the pseudonym Carolyn Keene. The actual author was ghostwriter Harriet Stratemeyer Adams. "The Thirteenth Pearl" is the end of the original 56-book series published by Grosset &amp; Dunlap. Subsequent volumes were published by Simon &amp; Schuster.
Plot summary.
Nancy Drew is asked to locate a missing pearl that is unusual, but very valuable. She soon learns that dangerous people are responsible for the theft. They begin harassing her at home and it intensifies when Nancy and her father go to Japan. They finally kidnap her and her boyfriend, Ned when they return to River Heights.
Through her clever sleuthing, Nancy is able to penetrate the rites of a pearl-worshipping cult, but some are far from devotional, and she uncovers underhanded dealings of certain employees of World Wide Gems, Inc., an international jewelry company headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
Adaptation.
The 23rd installment in the Nancy Drew point-and-click adventure game series by Her Interactive, named "", is loosely based on the novel and also incorporates elements from "Tour of Danger".

</doc>
<doc id="6915019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915019" title="Acridine yellow">
Acridine yellow

Acridine yellow, also known as acridine yellow G, acridine yellow H107, basic yellow K, and 3,6-diamino-2,7-dimethylacridine, is a yellow dye with strong bluish-green fluorescence. It is a derivate of acridine. In histology, it is used as a fluorescent stain, and as a fluorescent probe for non-invasive measurements of cytoplasmic pH changes in whole cells. It is also used as a topical antiseptic. It is usually available as a hydrochloride salt. Acridine yellow damages DNA and is used as a mutagen in microbiology.
Acridine yellow is similar to acridine orange.
According to a publication by Karl Drechsler, a student of Guido Goldschmiedt at the Imperial and Royal University of Vienna, Moriz Freund discovered the substance in 1896 during experiments at the University of Prague. Drechsler was then able to produce the substance in larger quantities and subsequently also examine it more closely.

</doc>
<doc id="6915020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915020" title="Dundee station (Florida)">
Dundee station (Florida)

Dundee station is a historic Atlantic Coast Line Railroad train station in Dundee, Florida. It is located at 103 Main Street. On July 30, 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
The Dundee Depot Museum is located in the historic depot. In 2009, the museum was renamed the Margaret Kampsen Historic Dundee Depot Museum. The museum houses items of local and railroad history.

</doc>
<doc id="6915024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915024" title="Alex Debon">
Alex Debon



</doc>
<doc id="6915028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915028" title="Arturo Tizon">
Arturo Tizon



</doc>
<doc id="6915032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915032" title="Japanese Buddhist">
Japanese Buddhist



</doc>
<doc id="6915036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915036" title="Aleix Espargaro">
Aleix Espargaro



</doc>
<doc id="6915044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915044" title="Leland Melvin">
Leland Melvin



</doc>
<doc id="6915048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915048" title="Le Plongeur">
Le Plongeur



</doc>
<doc id="6915050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915050" title="Fuyuki Hinata">
Fuyuki Hinata



</doc>
<doc id="6915051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915051" title="Tigertrap">
Tigertrap



</doc>
<doc id="6915057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915057" title="Nevil Road">
Nevil Road



</doc>
<doc id="6915064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915064" title="Bob Pursell (footballer, born 1889)">
Bob Pursell (footballer, born 1889)

Robert Russell Pursell (18 March 1889 – 24 May 1974) was a Scottish footballer who played for Liverpool in the early 20th century. He was the elder brother of Peter Pursell and uncle of the similarly named Robert Wilson Pursell. He played in the 1914 FA Cup final but was banned for life for his part in the 1915 British football betting scandal. However, his ban was lifted for his actions in World War I, and he went on to play for Port Vale before retiring with a broken leg in 1922.
Career.
Queen's Park.
Born in Campbeltown, Argyll and Bute, Scotland, Pursell attended Aberdeen University before signing for Queen's Park. He scored on his Scottish League Division One debut for the "Spiders" on 28 August 1909, in a 2–2 draw with Heart of Midlothian at Hampden Park. He went on to make 33 appearances in the 1909–10 season, scoring two goals. He scored two goals in 25 games throughout the 1910–11 campaign, which saw Queen's Park finish bottom of the division.
Liverpool.
Pucell was signed by Liverpool manager Tom Watson in April 1911 – although Queen's Park were amateurs, Liverpool were subsequently fined £250 for not asking the club's permission before approaching Pursell. A "cool and brainy full-back", he made his First Division debut a 2–1 victory over Sunderland at Roker Park on 30 September 1911. He made 26 appearances in 1911–12, a disappointing season for the "Reds" which saw the club avoiding relegation from the top-flight by finishing a single point over Preston North End, who went down with Bury. The following couple of seasons were to prove to be a testing time for Pursell as he failed to hold down a regular spot in the starting 11; he did, however, manage to play in all of Liverpool's eight cup ties, including the final, in their run to the 1914 FA Cup final. The game was to be played in front on a reigning monarch for the first time as King George V was to attend the last cup final to be played at the Crystal Palace Park on 25 April 1914. The first appearance in the final for both Liverpool and opponents Burnley, the "Clarets" won the match 1–0 thanks to a Bert Freeman goal.
On 2 April 1915, Liverpool lost 2–0 to Manchester United, Pursell giving away a penalty, and the game was judged to be fixed. After an investigation by the Football League, Pursell and three teammates – Tom Miller, Jackie Sheldon and Tom Fairfoul, were banned from football for life. The incident later became known as the '1915 British football betting scandal', in what was the first major betting scandal to hit the sport. For his service in World War I, Pursell's ban was lifted, allowing him to continue his career. Pursell never broke into the Liverpool starting line-up and was only selected twice during the 1919–20 season, both times at Anfield and both times against Liverpool's bitterest rivals, Man United on Boxing Day 1919 and Everton the following day. Pursell left Liverpool in May 1920, having made 112 appearances in all competitions for the "Reds".
Port Vale.
He signed with Port Vale, thereby joining his brother Peter Pursell for the first time. The two played alongside each other, and were so moved by a public plea by chairman Frank Huntbach for supporters to buy shares in the club that they each bought £5 worth of shares. He made 38 Second Division appearances in 1920–21. The brothers hit their stride by 1922, allowing goalkeeper Teddy Peers to be little more than a spectator as the club went on a run of seven games without conceding a goal. However, 29 appearances into the 1921–22 campaign, he broke his leg in April 1922, causing his retirement the following month.
Honours.
Liverpool

</doc>
<doc id="6915069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915069" title="Charlie is my Darling">
Charlie is my Darling



</doc>
<doc id="6915079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915079" title="Musée de la Marine">
Musée de la Marine



</doc>
<doc id="6915082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915082" title="Nikolai Saltykov">
Nikolai Saltykov

Count, then Prince Nikolay Ivanovich Saltykov (, 31 October 1736 – 28 May 1816), a member of the Saltykov noble family, was a Russian Imperial Field Marshal and courtier best known as the tutor of the eventual Tsar Paul I of Russia and his two sons, Constantine and Alexander.
He was the head of the Russian Army as the president of the War Collegium in 1791–1802. He was also the interim head (Lieutenant Grand Master) of the Order of Malta between 1801 and 1803.
Life.
His parents were general Ivan Alexeyevich Saltykov (himself the nephew of Anna I of Russia) and countess Anastasia Petrovna Tolstoy. He spent a short time in the Semyonovsky Regiment, of which he became a permanent member in 1748. In 1747, he and his father took part in the Russian advance to the River Rhine. During the Seven Years' War he distinguished himself in several battles against Prussian forces. After the victory at Kunersdorf over Frederick II of Prussia, Nikolay was sent to Saint Petersburg to deliver news of the victory to the commander in chief - for that service, he was made a colonel.
In 1761, under the command of Pyotr Rumyantsev, he fought at Kolberg. Peter III of Russia made Saltykov a major general and in 1763 he was given command of the troops stationed in Poland, where he took part in the Russo-Turkish War (1768–1774). In 1769 he aided Prince Alexander Golitsyn in the siege and occupation of the city of Chotyn, which Russian troops entered on 10 September that year. For fighting with distinction in these battles he was made a lieutenant-general and a member of the Order of Alexander Nevsky, but due to ill health he was forced to leave the campaign in order to travel abroad in search of a cure. During this time, he spent three years visiting Europe, most notably visiting Berlin and Paris. After he returned to Russia, Catherine II of Russia made him vice-president of Russia's Military Council. Simultaneously, Catherine made him "hofmeister" of the court. He became tutor to Grand Duke Paul, with whom he again visited Berlin in 1776 before accompanying Paul on a grand tour across Europe in 1781 and 1782.
On 24 November 1782, Catherine made Saltykov a member of the Order of Saint Andrew, a senator and a member of the high court council. In the following years Catherine made Saltykov permanent tutor to her grandsons Alexander (the future Alexander I of Russia) and Konstantin. In June 1789, Saltykov introduced Catherine to the young Platon Zubov, in an effort to supplant Catherine's favourite (and Saltykov's rival) Prince Potemkin. Zubov would become the last of Catherine's favourites, accumulating an enormous fortune, despite becoming widely reviled for corruption and cruelty.
In 1790, during the celebrations of the peace with Sweden, Saltykov was made a Count of the Russian Empire, and granted 5,000 serfs in Russian Poland and an annual pension of 125 rubles. On Paul's accession to the throne, Saltykov was made field marshal general on 8 November 1796 and then president of the Military Council of State. Alexander I, during the celebrations of his coronation, gave Saltykov his portrait decorated with diamonds.
At the start of the Napoleonic Wars, Saltykov was instructed to look after military reports and to be head of state while Alexander was away leading the Russian army in 1813 and 1814. On Alexander's return to Saint Petersburg, Saltykov was promoted to Prince of the Russian Empire, with the title of Excellency. He was also made Lieutenant Grand Master of the Order of Malta from 1801 to 1803 on behalf of Alexander, who had been elected Grand Master but could not carry out his official duties.
Prince Saltykov and his family occupied a large Neoclassical townhouse at the crossing of the Millionnaya Street and the Palace Embankment in St Petersburg. His grandson Alexei Saltykov was known for his travels in India and Persia.

</doc>
<doc id="6915083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915083" title="The Vortex (YTV)">
The Vortex (YTV)



</doc>
<doc id="6915102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915102" title="Marjorie Graves">
Marjorie Graves

Frances Marjorie Graves (17 September 1884 – 17 November 1961) was a British civil servant, Conservative politician and writer.
Early life.
She was born in Allerton, Liverpool, and was the youngest daughter of William Graves and his wife Fanny Charlotte née Neilson. William Graves was a ship owner in the port whose father had been Conservative MP for Liverpool. The Graves family subsequently moved to Newells, Horsham, Sussex, where William became a Justice of the Peace. They also maintained a house in Brompton Square, London.
Education.
Marjorie had a private education, later schooling being carried out at Château de Dieudonne, Bornel, France. Her researches in the Bibliothèque Nationale and Archives Nationales in Paris led to her publications of three works.
Career.
Civil service.
With the outbreak of war in 1914 she took up employment in the Foreign Office. She attended the post-World War I Paris Peace Conference, before transferring to the Intelligence Department of the Home Office.
Political career.
Graves was politically a Conservative, and was a member of Holborn Borough Council from 1928 to 1934. She became the first female chairman of the Metropolitan Area of the National Union of Conservative and Unionist Associations in 1936.
In 1931 she was chosen as Conservative candidate for the parliamentary constituency of Hackney South, held by Labour cabinet minister Herbert Morrison. She succeeded in unseating Morrison to become the area's Member of Parliament. At the next general election in 1935 she was hopeful of retaining the seat, with her campaign centering on opposition to the use of Hackney Marshes for the building of council houses. She was, however, badly beaten, with Morrison returning to parliament with a large majority.
In 1936 she formed part of the British Government delegation to the League of Nations. In 1937 she was adopted as prospective candidate for Barnstaple, Devon. The next general election was, however, delayed until 1945 by the Second World War, and she did not contest the seat.
Retirement.
She retired to Wareham, Dorset, where she became a member of the county council. She was unmarried, and died in Wareham in November 1961.
Interests.
In 1932 and 1933 she was a vice-president of the Supporters Club of the Clapton Orient Football Club and worked closely with Herbert Morrison MP in support of Clapton Orient. Source: Neilson N. Kaufman, honorary historian Leyton Orient FC.

</doc>
<doc id="6915110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915110" title="Conwy Rural District">
Conwy Rural District

Conwy was a rural district in the administrative county of Caernarfonshire, North Wales, from 1894 to 1934.
The rural district had the same area as the Conwy Rural Sanitary District, created in 1875.
The district contained the following civil parishes:
(1)In 1928 the borough of Conwy was enlarged to take in parts of Llangwstenin and Penrhyn parishes.
(2)In 1923 Llysfaen was transferred to the administrative county of Denbighshire, forming part of Colwyn Bay urban district.
Conwy Rural District was abolished by a County Review Order on 1 April 1934. Caerhun, Dolgarrog, Llanbedr Y Cennin, Llangelynin, and Llechwedd became part of a new Nant Conwy Rural District, while Llangwstenin and Penrhyn parishes were both abolished, with their areas being split up to become parts of the enlarged Municipal Borough of Conwy and Llandudno Urban District.

</doc>
<doc id="6915111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915111" title="Mikko Haapakoski">
Mikko Haapakoski

Mikko Haapakoski (born 19 January 1967, in Oulu, Finland) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman. Haapakoski played 455 games in SM-liiga, and won bronze in 1986 and silver in 1987. He was signed by the Detroit Red Wings in 1987, but never played in the National Hockey League. He later coached professional and junior hockey for HC TPS.
Playing career.
Professional.
Haapakoski played junior ice hockey with Oulun Kärpät, and later professional with them as of the 1985–86 season. In the spring of 1985, he had won the Finnish A-junior championship. Haapakoski won a Liiga silver medal in 1987, and a bronze in 1986. Kärpät were relegated from Liiga in the spring of 1989. In the 1986–87 and 1988–89 seasons, Haapakoski was the most effective defender for the Kärpät. He was drafted #179 overall by the Detroit Red Wings in the summer of 1987, but never played in the National Hockey League.
For the 1989–90 season, Haapakoski moved to HC TPS, where he played until the spring of 1993. While in Turku, Haapakoski won the Finnish Championship in the springs of 1990, 1991 and 1993.
Haapakoski spent 1993–1996 in Switzerland with SC Bern in the Nationalliga A. At the end of the 1994–95 season, he played for Wiener EV of the Austrian Erste Bank Eishockey Liga. In the 1993–94 season, Haapakoski was third in the Nationalliga A defenders' scoring list with 14+19=33. He was Bern's most effective defender, as he was in the 1995–96 season.
Haapakoski returned to the SM-liiga for the 1996–97 season and moved to Tampere Ilves. He won the Finnish Championship silver medal with Ilves in the spring of 1998. In the 1996–97 season, Haapakoski was the Ilves' most effective defender along with Allan Measures. In the 1997–98 season, he set his personal single-season points record in the SM-liiga with a power of 10+21=31. Haapakoski was third in the defensemen's scoring charts together with teammate Håkan Åhlund.
Haapakoski returned for the 1999–00 season to Kärpät, who played in the I-division. He was promoting his parent club back to the SM-liiga in the spring of 2000. Haapakoski was one of the key players in the promoted team and was selected to the Division I All-Star Team. Haapakoski played the 2000–01 season in the SM-liiga until he ended his playing career in spring 2001.
International.
Haapakoski played for the Finland men's national under-18 team at the 1985 IIHF European U18 Championship. He later played for the Finland men's national junior team at the IIHF World Junior Championship in 1986, and won a gold medal in 1987.
Haapakoski also played for the Finland men's national team at the 1993 Men's Ice Hockey World Championships.
Coaching career.
After his playing career, Haapakoski moved on to coach the juniors of Kärpät. He became head coach of A-juniors in the 2002–03 season. After coaching the A-juniors, Haapakoski became the second coach of the adult representative team alongside Kari Jalonen for the 2004–05 season. As the second coach of Kärppi, Haapakoski won the Finnish championship in 2005, 2007 and 2008. He won bronze in 2006, and silver in 2009.
Haapakoski was to become the head coach of the Kärpät representative team in the 2010–11 season, but took over at the end of the 2009–10 season when Matti Alatalo was fired. In November 2010, Haapakoski was fired due to the team's poor performance and was replaced by Hannu Aravirta. In March 2011, Haapakoski signed a one-year contract as head coach of Joensuu Jokipojat, who play for Mestis. In March 2012, Jokipojat announced a contract extension, which allowed him to continue at the helm of the team on a two-year contract until spring 2014. In the spring of 2015, Haapakoski won the A-junior Finnish championship as head coach of TPS.
Personal life.
Haapakoski is the cousin of hockey player Lasse Pirjetä.

</doc>
<doc id="6915113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915113" title="Swanky Street">
Swanky Street



</doc>
<doc id="6915116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915116" title="Josh Johnson (footballer)">
Josh Johnson (footballer)

Josh Thor Johnson (born 16 April 1981 in Carenage) is a footballer from Trinidad and Tobago, who plays as a midfielder. He has appeared for the Trinidad and Tobago national team.
Career.
Professional.
Johnson began his career with San Juan Jabloteh in Trinidad and Tobago. He played there from 2000 until July 2006. Johnson had trials with Wrexham in July 2006, making a great impression. Denis Smith was very interested in Josh. Even though money was an issue at the time for Wrexham it did not stop him signing Johnson to the club on 8 August 2006. He made almost 30 appearances in the Football League for Wrexham, scoring one goal. He was released by Wrexham in May 2008 following the club's relegation to the Football Conference. Johnson joined Welsh Premier League club Rhyl in August 2008.
International.
Johnson has represented Trinidad and Tobago internationally at various levels. He played for the U-20 national team at the 2001 CONCACAF U-20 Tournament in Trinidad and Tobago. He also played for the U-23 national team at the 2004 CONCACAF Men's Pre-Olympic Tournament in Mexico. He got his first call up to the senior team leading up to a matchup with Cuba during the third round of CONCACAF qualification for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. However, he has not made the match day roster for a senior team match.

</doc>
<doc id="6915119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915119" title="Count of Ribagorza">
Count of Ribagorza



</doc>
<doc id="6915124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915124" title="OLA Major Lacrosse League">
OLA Major Lacrosse League



</doc>
<doc id="6915132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915132" title="Thomas Herbert Robertson">
Thomas Herbert Robertson

(Thomas) Herbert Robertson (26 April 1849 – 11 July 1916) was a British barrister and Conservative politician.
He was the only son of Thomas Storm Robertson, a physician and Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons. Following education at Magdalen College, Oxford, from which he graduated in 1872, he studied law. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1878.
In 1880 he married Helen Alexandria Melian Durdin, co-heiress of Alexander Durdin of Huntington Castle, County Carlow, Ireland. The couple divided their time between the Irish estate (in 1899 Robertson was High Sheriff of Carlow) and their London home "The Cedars", South Hackney. They were well known for their philanthropic works in the Hackney area.
In 1892 a general election was called, and Robertson was selected as the Conservative candidate to contest the Hackney South constituency. He failed to unseat the sitting Liberal Member of Parliament and cabinet minister, Sir Charles Russell. Russell was elevated to the House of Lords in 1894, and Robertson was again Conservative candidate at the ensuing by-election. He narrowly failed to win the seat, reducing the Liberal majority to 192 votes.
Three years later a general election was held, and Robertson succeeded in taking the seat with a small majority of 319 votes. He was re-elected at the 1900 general election, by the slightly larger margin of 338 votes, but lost his seat in 1906, when a Liberal landslide saw him defeated by over 3,400 votes.
Robertson retired from politics and devoted himself to his Irish estate while maintaining a London home in Bedford Square. He died at his London residence in July 1916, aged 67.
His granddaughter was Olivia Robertson, an author, artist, co-founder and High Priestess of the Fellowship of Isis.

</doc>
<doc id="6915147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915147" title="Deri">
Deri

Deri may refer to :

</doc>
<doc id="6915151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915151" title="Water fall">
Water fall



</doc>
<doc id="6915157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915157" title="Michael Holliday">
Michael Holliday

Norman Alexander Milne (26 November 1924 – 29 October 1963), known professionally as Michael Holliday, was an English singer, who was popular in the late 1950s and early 1960s.
He had a number of chart hits in the UK, including two number one singles, "The Story of My Life" and "Starry Eyed".
Early life.
Michael Holliday was born in Liverpool, and brought up in the Kirkdale district of the city. His career in music began after he won an amateur talent contest, 'New Voices of Merseyside', at the Locarno Ballroom, West Derby Road, Newsham, Liverpool.
According to Elvis Costello, while working as a seaman in the Merchant Navy, he used to smuggle obscure U.S. jazz records into the UK, where Costello's mother, Lilian Ablett, sold them. Finding himself in the U.S. as a seaman, Holliday was persuaded to enter a talent contest at Radio City Music Hall in New York City, and again he won, inspiring him to seek a career in show business. In 1951, he secured two summer seasons' work as a vocalist with Dick Denny's band at Butlin's Holiday Camp, Pwllheli.
Singing career.
In March 1953, he joined the Eric Winstone Band, another Butlin's contracted band that toured when the summer season's work was over. They also broadcast occasionally on BBC Radio.
In December 1954, Holliday wrote to the BBC requesting a TV audition. His audition came in April 1955 and he made his first TV appearance on "The Centre Show" on 22 July 1955. This TV performance was seen by Norrie Paramor, then head of A&amp;R for EMI's Columbia record label, who signed him as a solo artist. He also sang "Four Feather Falls", the theme tune to the puppet-based television programme of the same name produced by Gerry Anderson.
Holliday's style of singing was influenced by Bing Crosby, who was his idol. The style earned him the title of "the British Bing Crosby". A biography entitled "The Man Who Would Be Bing", written by Ken Crossland, was published in 2004.
Illness and death.
Holliday had an ongoing problem with stage fright and in 1961 he suffered a mental breakdown. He died in October 1963 from a suspected drug overdose, in Croydon, Surrey.
Discography.
UK single (release date), highest chart position

</doc>
<doc id="6915162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915162" title="Kamala Dawson">
Kamala Dawson



</doc>
<doc id="6915168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915168" title="Hepatoduodenal ligament">
Hepatoduodenal ligament

The hepatoduodenal ligament is the portion of the lesser omentum extending between the porta hepatis of the liver and the superior part of the duodenum.
Running inside it are the following structures collectively known as the portal triad:
Manual compression of the hepatoduodenal ligament during surgery is known as the Pringle manoeuvre.
The cystoduodenal ligament is also found in the lesser omentum and is distinct from both the hepatoduodenal and hepatogastric ligaments. The cystoduodenal ligament is an abnormal peritoneal fold that attaches the duodenum to the gallbladder, representing a rare variation in the anatomy of the lesser sac and its foramen.
Another variation sometimes present at the duodenal termination of the hepatoduodenal ligament is the duodenorenal ligament which passes to the front of the right kidney.

</doc>
<doc id="6915170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915170" title="Windows Kernel">
Windows Kernel



</doc>
<doc id="6915176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915176" title="Kernel32">
Kernel32



</doc>
<doc id="6915177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915177" title="Mark Green (New York Politician)">
Mark Green (New York Politician)



</doc>
<doc id="6915179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915179" title="Nicholas Saltykov">
Nicholas Saltykov



</doc>
<doc id="6915181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915181" title="Neutron (Marvel Comics)">
Neutron (Marvel Comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6915182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915182" title="Thomas Buttersworth">
Thomas Buttersworth

Thomas Buttersworth (5 May 1768 – November 1842) was an English seaman of the Napoleonic wars period who became a marine painter. He produced works to commission, and was little exhibited during his lifetime.
Life.
Butterworth was born on the Isle of Wight. He enlisted in the Royal Navy in London in 1795, and served on HMS "Caroline" during the wars with France, before being invalided home from Menorca in 1800.
The National Maritime Museum in London has 27 watercolours by him, several of which are mounted on sheets from 18th century printed signal and muster books. He went on to paint numerous naval battle scenes and pictures such as the ‘'Inshore Squadron off Cadiz in 1797'’ which are thought to show scenes he witnessed. On being appointed Marine Painter to the East India Company he painted ship portraits on commission. It had been thought that he died in 1830, but recent research has found that he painted Queen Victoria's visit to Edinburgh in 1842 before he died in London later that year.
His son James Edward Buttersworth (1817–1894) also became a maritime painter.

</doc>
<doc id="6915188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915188" title="Motorcycle loan">
Motorcycle loan



</doc>
<doc id="6915191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915191" title="Ernest Bevin Academy">
Ernest Bevin Academy

Ernest Bevin Academy is a secondary school for boys and a mixed sixth form located in Tooting, London, England. The school is all-boys for ages 11 through 18, and has a co-educational sixth form. It has about 900 pupils. The school was judged as 'requiring improvement' in a November 2018 report by Ofsted. The school was judged as "Good" in a June 2022 report by Ofsted.
History.
The school was named after Ernest Bevin (1881–1951), a British labour leader and politician. It was formed through merging the two adjacent schools of Bec Grammar and Hillcroft Secondary Modern in 1971. The school was briefly named Bec-Hillcroft until 1971 when it became Ernest Bevin School. It was renamed Ernest Bevin College in 1996 . 
Hillcroft Secondary School, Bec-Hillcroft and Ernest Bevin School ran under the aegis of the Inner London Education Authority until it was abolished by the Education Reform Act 1988. Since then the school has been run by the London Borough of Wandsworth. 
Ernest Bevin College became a specialist college for athletics since 2000. Because of improvement in academic achievement, the college was offered a second specialism in Mathematics and Computing in 2004.
Sports Complex.
Another major building development began in 2005; the construction of the new Sports and Sixth Form Centre. Additions included an indoor swimming pool, fitness suite and a judo dojo. This complex was officially opened in September 2007 by Dame Kelly Holmes.
On 1 March 2023, Ernest Bevin College became a part of the United Learning Trust, with the new name 'Ernest Bevin Academy'.
Sports at Ernest Bevin.
Sports the school currently participates in, or facilitates students' participation in, include: Football, Rugby, Cricket, Swimming, Athletics, Basketball, Table tennis.
Ernest Bevin has won tournaments in volleyball such as the U16 Boys Nationals Title (2008). They were succeeded by Newcastle (Staffs) Volleyball Club in 2009.
Judo was one of the four focus sports at Ernest Bevin College and students are offered many opportunities to participate in the sport. The Judo team is licensed by British Judo Association and is called Ernest Bevin Phoenix Judo Club.

</doc>
<doc id="6915193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915193" title="Stereospondyli">
Stereospondyli

The Stereospondyli are a group of extinct temnospondyl amphibians that existed primarily during the Mesozoic period. They are known from all seven continents and were common components of many Triassic ecosystems, likely filling a similar ecological niche to modern crocodilians prior to the diversification of pseudosuchian archosaurs.
Classification and anatomy.
The group was first defined by Zittel (1888) on the recognition of the distinctive vertebral anatomy of the best known stereospondyls of the time, such as "Mastodonsaurus" and "Metoposaurus". The term 'stereospondylous' as a descriptor of vertebral anatomy was coined the following year by Fraas, referring to a vertebral position consisting largely or entirely of the intercentrum in addition to the neural arch. While the name 'Stereospondyli' is derived from the stereospondylous vertebral condition, there is a diversity of vertebral morphologies among stereospondyls, including the diplospondylous ('tupilakosaurid') condition, where the arch sits between the corresponding intercentrum and pleurocentrum, and the plagiosaurid condition, where a single large centrum ossification (identity unknown) is present, and the arch sits between subsequent vertebral positions. The concept of Stereospondyli has thus undergone repeated and frequent revisions by different workers. Defining features include a tight articulation between the parasphenoid and the pterygoid and a stapedial groove.
Evolutionary history.
Stereospondyls first definitively appeared during the early Permian, as represented by fragmentary remains of a rhinesuchid from the Pedra de Fogo Formation of Brazil. Rhinesuchids are one of the earliest groups of stereospondyls to appear in the fossil record and are predominantly a late Permian clade, with only one species, "Broomistega putterilli," from the Early Triassic of South Africa. However, almost all other groups of stereospondyls are not known from any Paleozoic deposits, which remained dominated by non-stereospondyl stereospondylomorphs. The taxonomically unresolved "Peltobatrachus pustulatus," which has historically been regarded as a stereospondyl, is also known from the late Permian of Tanzania. Several more fragmentary records are known from horizons spanning the Permo-Triassic boundary in South America, such as the rhinesuchid-like "Arachana nigra" from Uruguay and an indeterminate mastodonsaurid from Uruguay.
Following the Permo-Triassic mass extinction, stereospondyls are abundantly represented in the fossil record, particularly from Russia, South Africa, and Australia. This led Yates &amp; Warren (2000) to propose that stereospondyls had sheltered in a high-latitude refugium that would have been somewhat shielded from the global effects of the extinction, and that they subsequently radiated from present-day Australia or Antarctica. Recent discoveries of a diverse rhinesuchid community in South America alongside non-stereospondyl stereospondylomorphs have led to an alternative hypothesis for a radiation from western Gondwana in South America. By the end of the Early Triassic, virtually all major clades of stereospondyls had appeared in the fossil record, although some were more geographically localized (e.g., lapillopsids, rhytidosteids) than those with cosmopolitan distributions (e.g., capitosauroids, trematosauroids).
Stereospondyls were the latest-surviving temnospondyl group. With the diversification of crocodile-like archosaurs and an extinction event at the end of the Triassic, most other temnospondyls disappeared. Chigutisaurid brachyopoids persisted into the Jurassic in Asia and Australia, including "Koolasuchus," the youngest known stereospondyl (late Early Cretaceous) from what is now Australia. There is also sparse evidence for the persistence of some trematosauroids into the Jurassic of Asia. If the recent hypothesis that "Chinlestegophis," a Late Triassic stereospondyl from North America, is indeed a stem caecilian is correct, then stereospondyls would survive to the present day.
Lifestyle and ecology.
Stereospondyls were particularly diverse during the Early Triassic, with small-bodied taxa such as lapillopsids and lydekkerinids that were likely more terrestrially capable present alongside larger taxa that would continue into the Middle Triassic, such as brachyopoids and trematosauroids. The vast majority of stereospondyls, particularly the large-bodied taxa, have been inferred to have been obligately aquatic based on features of the external anatomy such as a well-developed lateral line system, poorly ossified postcranial skeleton, and occasional preservation of proxies of external gills. Many taxa also reflect adaptations for an aquatic lifestyle as evidence in bone histology, which is pachyostotic in many taxa, although some studies suggest a greater terrestrial ability than historically inferred. Most of the aquatic taxa resided in freshwater environments, but some trematosauroids in particular are thought to have been euryhaline based on their preservation in marine sediments with marine organisms. While stereospondyls are often compared to modern crocodilians, the presence of multiple temnospondyls in some environments and the range of morphologies across Stereospondyli indicates that at least some clades occupied drastically different ecological niches, such as benthic ambush predators. Some groups, such as metoposaurids, are often recovered from large monotaxic bone beds interpreted as evidence of aggregation prior to mass death.

</doc>
<doc id="6915194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915194" title="Poor metabolizer">
Poor metabolizer



</doc>
<doc id="6915196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915196" title="Catpiano">
Catpiano



</doc>
<doc id="6915197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915197" title="Acetabular labrum">
Acetabular labrum

The acetabular labrum (glenoidal labrum of the hip joint or cotyloid ligament in older texts) is a fibrocartilaginous ring which surrounds the circumference of the acetabulum of the hip, deepening the acetabulum. The labrum is attached onto the bony rim and transverse acetabular ligament. It is triangular in cross-section (with the apex represented by the free margin).
The labrum contributes to the articular surface of the joint (increasing it by almost 10%). It embraces the femoral head, holding it firmly in the joint socket to stabilise the joint. It thus also seals the joint cavity, facilitating even distribution of synovial fluid so that friction is reduced and dissolved nutrients are better distributed.
The labrum is about 2 to 3 mm thick but is wider and thinner in the anterior portion. The anterior portion of the labrum is most susceptible to an acetabular labrum tear.

</doc>
<doc id="6915199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915199" title="Saint George's Church, Singapore">
Saint George's Church, Singapore

Saint George's Church () is an Anglican church located on Minden Road in Singapore's Tanglin Planning Area, off Holland Road.
Constructed between 1910 and 1913, the church was built for the British troops stationed in Tanglin Barracks which was once the General Headquarters of the British Far East Land Forces.
The church's community comprises members from Singapore and many other countries. They are bound by a common desire to follow Jesus Christ, and to seek God’s purpose for their lives.
Leadership.
St. George's Church is a parish of the Anglican Diocese of Singapore. The present vicar is Revd. Dr Jonathan Wong. He is supported by Revd. Paul Tan (Auxiliary Priest).
The previous vicars of the church include Revd. Canon Lewis Lew, Revd. Mark Roland Dickens, Revd. Canon Philip Sinden, Revd. Mervyn Moore (acting vicar), Revd. Loren Fox, Revd. Paul Corrie, Revd. John Benson, Bishop Dudley Foord (interim, vicar), Revd. Bruce Winter, and Revd. Bob Robinson.
History.
Origins of the Church building – Serving the British military in Singapore
St. George's Church was constructed from materials imported from England and cost £2,000 to build.
The land was formerly used as a nutmeg plantation and it included Mount Harriet, a 103-foot high hill on which the church now stands. The land belonged to William E. Willan and was sold in 1865. However, even before the church was built, an ordained minister for the garrison was appointed in 1871.
The current building dates back to 1910 but there was an earlier St. George's built in 1884 near the site of the present church. Both churches were built for the British troops quartered at Tanglin Barracks which was once the General Headquarters of the British Far East Land Forces. After the British forces withdrew from Singapore in 1968, the place was used by Singapore's Ministry of Defence as its headquarters before it moved to its new premises in Bukit Gombak
From Military to Civilian Church
St. George's became a civilian church after the British troops left Singapore in 1971. It was gazetted a national monument by the National Heritage Board of Singapore on 10 November 1978, and now serves a multinational Christian congregation in Singapore.
Major Ivan Lyon Memorial
On the outside of the church is a memorial tablet to Major Ivan Lyon D.S.O. M.B.E., who was killed on his second commando raid on military shipping in the Singapore Harbour in October 1944. At the time of the raid, Singapore was more than 1,000 miles inside Imperial Japanese-held territory.
Services.
There are three regular services conducted on Sundays and one on Wednesdays. All involve lay participation:
The Filipino Fellowship meets at the Lower Hall every Sunday at 12 pm while the Japanese fellowship meets every Sunday at 2.30 pm by the Singapore Japanese Christian Fellowship.
Additionally, a youth service will be conducted for children aged 12-19 during the 10:15 am service on Sundays and sunday schools is also applied for children aged 3 to 11 during both 8 am and 10:15 services.
Courses.
A number of courses are run at St George's Church, including Alpha, Christianity Explored and Moore College theology courses.

</doc>
<doc id="6915202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915202" title="Clifford Erskine-Bolst">
Clifford Erskine-Bolst

Captain Clifford Charles Alan Lawrence Erskine-Bolst (1878 – 11 January 1946) was a British Conservative Party politician.
During the First World War, he served as a lieutenant in the 1st Black Watch Regiment, and as a captain in the 3rd Royal Highlanders.
He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Hackney South at a by-election in August 1922 following the expulsion of the independent MP Horatio Bottomley, who had been convicted of fraud. He held the seat at the November 1922 general election, but lost it the following year at the 1923 general election.
Erskine-Bolt returned to the House of Commons at the November 1931 general election, when he was elected in the Blackpool constituency, defeating the writer Edgar Wallace, who ran as an independent Liberal. He served only one term, stepping down at the 1935 general election.
He was married to California socialite Blanche Ryer from the early 1920s until their divorce in 1933. As a result of this marriage he became the stepfather of Doris Ryer Nixon.
His name appears in the San Francisco Social Register for 1927, and again in 1932 (where he and his wife are listed as residents of Èze, France).

</doc>
<doc id="6915203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915203" title="Brain Death (single)">
Brain Death (single)



</doc>
<doc id="6915205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915205" title="Spencer Bignell">
Spencer Bignell



</doc>
<doc id="6915210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915210" title="Auditoriums">
Auditoriums



</doc>
<doc id="6915215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915215" title="British H-class submarine">
British H-class submarine

The British H-class submarines were Holland 602 type submarines used by the Royal Navy. The submarines constructed for the British Royal Navy between 1915 and 1919 were designed and built in response to German boats which mined British waters and sank coastal shipping with ease owing to their small size. The H class was created to perform similar operations in German waters, and to attack German submarines operating in British waters.
Despite their cramped size and lack of a deck gun on some submarines, the class was popular amongst submariners, and saw action all around the British Isles, some being transferred as far as the Adriatic. Owing to the late arrival of most of the class, they were unable to have much impact in service, only destroying two German submarines and for the loss of four of their own number.
Post-war, many were retained in the Royal Navy for training purposes, while four more were lost in accidents during the 1920s. At the outbreak of the Second World War, the class was obsolete, but retained in training and coastal warfare roles to help the Royal Navy cope with heavy losses to the submarine fleet during the early stages of the war. Two were sunk in this role by German countermeasures. The boats built in Canada, but not in the United States, were equipped with Fessenden transducers.
Boats.
Group 1.
Group 1 was built in Canada at the Canadian Vickers Yards in Montreal before being transported across the Atlantic and deployed from Britain as British shipyards were too busy to construct submarines at this time:
Group 2.
The second group was constructed simultaneously with the first group, but at Fore River Yard at Quincy, Massachusetts in the then-neutral United States. When the U.S. government discovered the construction, they impounded all the completed units, releasing them only following their own declaration of war two years later. To escape this difficulty, the British government gave six units to the Chilean Navy as partial payment for the appropriation of six Chilean ships for British service in 1914:
Group 3.
Group 3 was the largest group, and was constructed in 1917–1919 in Britain, shipyard space having been granted to the project and more boats needed following the seizure of those building in the United States. They were built by Vickers, Cammell Laird, Armstrong Whitworth and William Beardmore at several locations, and most of the boats enjoyed long careers in the Royal Navy:

</doc>
<doc id="6915238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915238" title="Political divisions of the People's Republic of China">
Political divisions of the People's Republic of China



</doc>
<doc id="6915241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915241" title="Social welfare">
Social welfare



</doc>
<doc id="6915244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915244" title="Camigwen">
Camigwen



</doc>
<doc id="6915248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915248" title="Joshua Ben Nun">
Joshua Ben Nun



</doc>
<doc id="6915274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915274" title="Pizza Nova">
Pizza Nova

Pizza Nova Take Out Ltd., doing business as Pizza Nova, is a Canadian franchise chain of pizza restaurants headquartered in Scarborough, Ontario. The chain was founded on May 12, 1963, by a family of Italian immigrants. The first restaurant was located in the eastern Toronto suburb of Scarborough, Ontario, on Kennedy Road near Lawrence Avenue, which currently operates under the name Nova Ristorante. There are more than 150 locations in Canada.
There is a knockoff Pizza Nova in Varadero, Cuba that uses phased out signage.
History.
The chain was founded by a young family of Italian immigrants — consisting of Sam Primucci, and his brothers Mike, Vince, and Joe — originating from Palazzo San Gervasio Basilicata, Italy. Their first location opened on May 12, 1963, at the corner of Lawrence Avenue East, just west of Kennedy Road.
Following many years of success in both their delivery and walk-in services, the restaurant opened their first franchised store in 1969.
Upon celebrating the company's 50th anniversary, the pizza chain also announced their partnership with the Toronto Blue Jays and the Rogers Centre as their official pizza supplier, starting in January 2014, and continuing for a three-year agreement.
In 2013, Pizza Nova was featured on the Canadian version of the show "Undercover Boss", in the ninth episode of season three, titled "Pizza Nova."
Jingle.
In 1985, jingle writer Syd Kessler, advertising agency Montana Steele, and Pizza Nova President Sam Primucci produced an advertisement featuring the singing of the phone number and vocalising the quadruple zero as "4-3-9, Oh-Oh Oh-Oh Pizza Nova!" Sung by Canadian musician Zappacosta, edits of the original can still be heard on Ontario radio and TV today, with new voiceover by company President Domenic Primucci, son of founder Sam Primucci.
Products.
Some of Pizza Nova's signature products include:
White pizzas.
The beverages that Pizza Nova sells are Coca-Cola products. Pizza Nova has also started to cater to vegans as it offers dairy-free cheese, and as of 2021, plant based pepperoni.

</doc>
<doc id="6915279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915279" title="Howrah Station">
Howrah Station



</doc>
<doc id="6915289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915289" title="MAIET Entertainment">
MAIET Entertainment

MAIET Entertainment was a South Korean video game developer, best known for creating the third-person shooter game "" in 2004. They also developed GunZ 2 in 2011 and adapted it into English in 2013.
Etymology.
According to the official site, MAIET is 'TEAM' spelled backwards with the letter 'I' added in, standing for 'innovation'.
History.
The company started out as a small group of five researchers which eventually grew into a company. In 2015 MAIET was dissolved, giving gaming rights to Masangsoft Inc.(마상소프트) The founder and CEO, Venister, went off to work on several different ventures including a new gaming studio named Onion Crew.
Products.
 has servers in Korea, and has all evolved from the original International server in many ways, such as having "cash items". MAIET's first developed video game was the aerial strategy game "AceSaga", which was terminated.

</doc>
<doc id="6915290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915290" title="Thoracic electrical bioimpedance">
Thoracic electrical bioimpedance



</doc>
<doc id="6915297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915297" title="2006 table mountain fire">
2006 table mountain fire



</doc>
<doc id="6915299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915299" title="Absolutely Live (Rod Stewart album)">
Absolutely Live (Rod Stewart album)

Absolutely Live is a live album by musician Rod Stewart. It was released as a double–LP in 1982. The subsequent CD version omitted the tracks "The Great Pretender" and "Guess I'll Always Love You" in order to fit the album onto a single disc. The liner notes state that there are no overdubs on this live album.

</doc>
<doc id="6915305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915305" title="Mirza Tahir Ahmed">
Mirza Tahir Ahmed



</doc>
<doc id="6915340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915340" title="Sketty Park">
Sketty Park



</doc>
<doc id="6915341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915341" title="Flashbang Grenade">
Flashbang Grenade



</doc>
<doc id="6915347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915347" title="Second Cataclysm">
Second Cataclysm



</doc>
<doc id="6915349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915349" title="Universities in Ireland">
Universities in Ireland



</doc>
<doc id="6915351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915351" title="William Ephraim Smith">
William Ephraim Smith

William Ephraim Smith (March 14, 1829 – March 11, 1890) was a planter, lawyer, and politician from Georgia.
Biography.
He was born in Augusta, Richmond County, Georgia. In 1846, he was admitted to the Georgia bar, which required a special act of the Georgia legislature due to his youth. He worked as a planter and practiced law in Albany, Dougherty County, Georgia, for most of the period 1846–1858. In 1853, he was an ordinary of Dougherty County. In 1858, Smith became the solicitor general of Georgia's southwest circuit, a post he held until 1860. The following year, the American Civil War broke out. Although opposed to secession, Smith enlisted in the Fourth Georgia Volunteer Infantry of the Confederate States Army as a lieutenant. He became a captain in April 1862 and in June lost his right leg at the Battle of Oak Grove. In 1863, he was elected as a representative to the Second Confederate Congress. His term as representative was cut short by the defeat of the Confederacy.
In 1874, Smith was offered and declined the office of circuit judge of Georgia; that same year, he was also elected as a representative to the United States Congress. He served as a representative from March 4, 1875, through March 3, 1881. After leaving office, Smith resumed the practice of law. In 1886, Smith began a term as state senator and was also President of the Georgia Democratic Convention. Smith left office in 1888 and died two years later in Albany.
Sources.
 Retrieved on 2008-02-14

</doc>
<doc id="6915371" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915371" title="All This and World War II">
All This and World War II

All This and World War II is a 1976 musical documentary film directed by Susan Winslow. It juxtaposes Beatles songs covered by a variety of musicians with World War II newsreel footage and 20th Century Fox films.
Cast.
The film features clips from contemporary newsreels. Scenes from "Four Jills in a Jeep", "Guadalcanal Diary", "The Longest Day", "Tora! Tora! Tora!", "Patton", "A Bell for Adano", "Great Guns", and other 20th Century Fox war films are also used. A scene from "Casablanca", a Warner Bros. Pictures film, was used.
Footage of Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy, Humphrey Bogart, Neville Chamberlain, Winston Churchill, Dwight D. Eisenhower, Clark Gable, Laurel and Hardy, Adolf Hitler, Bob Hope, Charles Lindbergh, Douglas MacArthur, Benito Mussolini, Eleanor Roosevelt, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Joseph Stalin, and James Stewart is used in the film.
Production.
Russ Regan came up with the film after having dreams of Hitler in Berchtesgaden set to "The Fool on the Hill", the Liberation of Paris set to "Michelle", and the attack on Pearl Harbor set to "Here Comes the Sun". Frankie Laine stated that he covered "Maxwell's Silver Hammer" solely because Reizner was his friend and that there "not much else to say".
Lou Reizner was the musical director of "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", but left the project while retaining the rights to three performances by the Bee Gees. Reizner made the soundtrack for "All This and World War II" with Wil Malone. The backing sound was provided by the London Symphony Orchestra.
Sanford Lieberson asked Terry Gilliam to direct the film, but Gilliam declined the offer. Susan Winslow, a 24-year old researcher for the film, was promoted to director due to her selection of footage; it was the only film she directed. Colin J. Berwick edited the film. It took three years to produce the film and researchers went through one million feet of film. The budget was around $650,000.
Release.
"All This and World War II" was distributed by 20th Century Fox and given a PG rating by the Motion Picture Association of America. It premiered at the Cinerama Dome, in Los Angeles on November 11, 1976. It was shown out-of-competition at the 1977 Cannes Film Festival.
It was rumored that Fox had all of the prints of the film destroyed. The film has never been officially released on home video. In 2016, Tony Palmer re-edited the film, inserted different archival footage, and used different music to make "The Beatles and WWII".
Reception.
"All This and World War II" received mostly negative reviews from critics and was withdrawn from theaters by 20th Century Fox. It was a financial failure at the box office.
"New York Daily News" wrote that the film's PG rating must have stood for "Positively Ghastly". It has since occasionally been shown at film festivals and on cable TV in the US.
Kevin Thomas, writing for the "Los Angeles Times", described the film as tasteless and offensive. Ruth Batchelor, writing for the "Los Angeles Free Press", criticized the musical selection, stated that the overall film was tacky, and that those over 40 would resent the film while those under 30 would not understand it. Joe Baltake described it as a "pointless documentary" in his review for the "Philadelphia Daily News". The editing was compared to that of a 6th grade history book by Jerry Stein's review in "The Cincinnati Post". Film critic Shane Burridge noted that the film almost entirely removes the deaths and atrocities of World War II.
George Anderson gave the film a B rating in the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" as he felt it was an effective amalgamation of music and film footage. Phil Hall, writing for "Film Threat", stated that it was "the most brilliantly reckless movie" he had ever seen and that it was tasteless, sassy, absurd, and avant-garde.
Michael Fremer watched the film in a Boston theater while high on LSD. He initially loved the film and invited prominent radio personalities and music and film critics to attend a showing. 10 minutes into the showing he realized that the film was terrible and criticized the poor quality of the Beatles covers.
Soundtrack.
Riva Records released the soundtrack in the United Kingdom before the film was released. Riva initially considered an advertising campaign before Christmas, but chose not to as the film would not be released in the United Kingdom until February. The album was released on 25 October 1976, and the film was released on 11 November 1976. Nicholas Schaffner noted that the advertising campaign for the record was as questionable as the film due to an ad depicting Hitler listening to the album.
The album reached number 23 on the UK Albums Chart, with a total of seven weeks on that listing, and number 48 on the Billboard Top 200. It also made number 14 on the Australian album charts, number 17 on the Dutch album charts and number 37 on the New Zealand album charts. The soundtrack is notable for featuring the solo recording debut of Peter Gabriel, formerly of Genesis, singing "Strawberry Fields Forever". The album was nominated for NARM Awards "Best Selling Movie Soundtrack".
A live concert featuring many of the artists who appeared on the soundtrack and album was planned for London's Olympia. However, the idea was abandoned due to difficulties in getting a date that all or most of the artists could make.
The LP was also released in 1979 with the title "The Songs of John Lennon &amp; Paul McCartney Performed by the World's Greatest Rock Artists", and two of the tracks ("Let It Be" performed by Leo Sayer and "Because" performed by Lynsey de Paul) were released on the Beatles cover version CD album "With A Little Help" that was issued in Europe in 1991.
The album was finally released on CD in 2006 on the Hip-O Select label and again in 2015 as a limited-issue release on the Culture Factory label, complete with the original gatefold sleeve. In 2016, a box set featuring the DVD of the film and the soundtrack on two CD's was released by Gonzo Multimedia with the title "The Beatles and World War II".

</doc>
<doc id="6915373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915373" title="Konstantin Pavlovich Romanov">
Konstantin Pavlovich Romanov



</doc>
<doc id="6915377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915377" title="The Commonwealth of Oceana">
The Commonwealth of Oceana

The Commonwealth of Oceana ( ), published in 1656, is a seminal work of political philosophy by the English politician and essayist James Harrington (1611–1677). The initial publication of Oceana was met with official censorship from Lord Protector Oliver Cromwell (1599–1658). The publication was eventually made available to the public, and it was dedicated to Cromwell.
The "Oceana" in the title is an allegorical version of the Commonwealth of England. Crownwell himself is depicted in the book under the alias of the lawgiver Olphaeus Megalator. Harrington presents his ideas about a utopian republic. These include limitations to the amount of land which a single individual can hold, land distribution methods, and term limits for politicians which would prevent them from seeking re-election for a few years following the end of their previous term. 
The London printer John Streater published two first editions of the book between September and November 1656, known as the "Pakeman" and the "Chapman". The Chapman edition was advertised in the serial "Mercurius Politicus", a "quasi-official" organ of the Commonwealth. In 1659, an abridged version of the book was published in three volumes, under the title "The Art of Lawgiving". In 1700 the book was edited by John Toland and included in a collection of Harrington's works. Two 18th-century reprints of the book in Dublin included a version of Henry Neville's "Plato Redivivus" and an appendix of miscellaneous Harrington works alongside the main work. Harrington's modern editor J. G. A. Pocock criticized the book for its "baroque" and confusing style. 
Summary.
Harrington's "magnum opus", "Oceana" is an exposition on an ideal constitution, designed to allow for the existence of a utopian republic. "Oceana" was read contemporaneously as a metaphor for interregnum England, with its beneficent lawgiver Olphaeus Megalator representing Cromwell. The details of this ideal governing document are set out, from the rights of the state to the salaries of low officials. Its strategies were not implemented at the time.
The first constituent in Harrington's theoretical argument states that the determining element of power in a state is property, particularly property in land. The second is that the executive power ought not to be vested for any considerable time in the same man, men, or class of men. In accordance with the first of these, Harrington recommends an agrarian law, limiting holdings of land to the amount yielding a revenue of £2000, and consequently insisting on particular modes of distributing landed property. As a practical issue of the second he lays down the rule of rotation by ballot. A third part of the executive or senate are voted out by ballot every year, and may not be elected again for three years. Harrington explains very carefully how the state and its governing parts are to be constituted by his scheme.
Publication.
"The Commonwealth of Oceana" was published in two first editions, the "Pakeman" and the "Chapman" (first names Daniel and Livewell, respectively) by the London printer John Streater, between September and November 1656. Their contents are nearly identical. The Chapman edition was listed in the "Stationers' Register" of 19 Sep, and was first advertised during the week of 6 Nov in the serial "Mercurius Politicus", a "quasi-official" organ of the Commonwealth. The first edition of the book was seized while at the printer and taken to Whitehall. Harrington appealed to Elizabeth Claypole, Cromwell's favourite daughter; she agreed to intervene with the Lord Protector. The book went on to be published, was widely read and attacked by Henry Ferne, later Bishop of Chester, and by Matthew Wren. In 1659, an abridged version in three volumes, entitled "The Art of Lawgiving", was published.
Harrington's first editor was John Toland (1670–1722), who in 1700 published "The Oceana and other Works of James Harrington, with an Account of his Life". It was first reprinted in Dublin in 1737 and 1758 in a super-edition (as it were), containing a version of Henry Neville's "Plato Redivivus" and an appendix of miscellaneous Harrington works compiled by the Rev. Thomas Birch (1705–1766). This same appeared in London in 1747 and again in 1771.
"Oceana" was reprinted in "Morley's Universal Library" in 1883; S. B. Liljegren reissued a fastidiously prepared Pakeman edition in 1924. Much of the remaining Harrington canon consists of papers, pamphlets, aphorisms, even treatises, in steadfast defence of the controversial tract.
Modern readers might have difficulty understanding the prose. Harrington's modern editor J. G. A. Pocock considered the prose marred by what he described as an undisciplined work habit and a conspicuous "lack of sophistication." He "wrote hastily, in a baroque and periodic style in which he more than once lost his way," thereby becoming "...productive of confusion." According to Pocock, Harrington certainly never attained the level of "a great literary stylist."

</doc>
<doc id="6915382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915382" title="Algorithm (C++)">
Algorithm (C++)

In the C++ Standard Library, the algorithms library provides various functions that perform algorithmic operations on containers and other sequences, represented by Iterators.&lt;ref name="C++03 25/1"&gt;ISO/IEC (2003). "ISO/IEC 14882:2003(E): Programming Languages - C++ §25 Algorithms library [lib.algorithms]" para. 1&lt;/ref&gt;
The C++ standard provides some standard algorithms collected in the codice_1 standard header. A handful of algorithms are also in the codice_2 header. All algorithms are in the namespace.
Execution policies.
C++17 provides the ability for many algorithms to optionally take an execution policy, which may allow implementations to execute the algorithm in parallel (i.e. by using threads or SIMD instructions).
There are four different policy types, each indicating different semantics about the order in which element accesses are allowed to be observed relative to each other
It is up to the user to ensure that the operations performed by the function are thread safe when using policies which may execute across different threads.
Ranges.
C++20 adds versions of the algorithms defined in the header which operate on ranges rather than pairs of iterators.
The ranges versions of algorithm functions are scoped within the namespace. They extend the functionality of the basic algorithms by allowing iterator-sentinel pairs to be used instead of requiring that both iterators be of the same type and also allowing interoperability with the objects provided by the ranges header without requiring the user to manually extract the iterators.
Non-modifying sequence operations.
Predicate checking algorithms.
Checks if a given predicate evaluates to true for some amount of objects in the range, or returns the amount of objects that do
Comparison algorithms.
Compares two ranges for some property
Searching algorithms.
Finds the first or last position in a range where the subsequent elements satisfy some predicate
Binary search algorithms.
Provides Binary search operations on ranges. It is undefined behaviour to use these on ranges which are not sorted.
Maximum/Minimum search algorithms.
Finds the maximum or minimum element in a range, as defined by some comparison predicate
Property checking algorithms.
Checks if an entire range satisfies some property
Modifying sequence operations.
Copying algorithms.
Transfers the elements from one range into another
Partitioning algorithms.
Moves the elements of a range in-place so the range is partitioned with respect to some property
Sorting algorithms.
Sorts or partially sorts a range in-place
Populating algorithms.
Populates a given range without reading the values contained within
Transforming algorithms.
Transforms each element of a given range in-place
Reordering algorithms.
Changes the order of elements within a range in-place
Heap algorithms.
Provides algorithms to create, insert, and remove elements from a max heap

</doc>
<doc id="6915385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915385" title="Mikael Nilsson (footballer, born 1968)">
Mikael Nilsson (footballer, born 1968)

Jan Mikael Nilsson (; born 28 September 1968) is a Swedish former footballer who played as a defender. He most notably played for IFK Göteborg with which he won six Swedish Championships and played in the UEFA Champions League. A full international between 1991 and 1996, he won 22 caps for the Sweden national team and represented his country at UEFA Euro 1992 and at the 1994 FIFA World Cup where Sweden finished third.
Club career.
Nilsson played for a local club called Tomtens IF and IFK Falköping until 1987 when he moved to IFK Göteborg, where he stayed until he ended his active career in 2001 due to an eye injury. During these years, he played 609 first team matches, which is a club record. He also won six Swedish Championships with the club and played in several European competitions.
International career.
Nilsson played 22 international matches for the Sweden national team, and was part of the UEFA Euro 1992 and 1994 FIFA World Cup squads, he did however not play any matches in any of the tournaments. He also represented the Sweden U19 and U21 teams, and competed at the 1990 UEFA European Under-21 Championship where Sweden reached the semi-finals before being eliminated by the Soviet Union.
Legacy.
In ITV's Greatest Champions League Goals programme, Nilsson's two strikes against PSV Eindhoven were number twenty and nineteen on the list of the top 50 goals, including a magnificent free-kick with an insane amount of curve, which probably is what he is best known for. One of Clive Tyldesley's famous quotes- "Now they know he can shoot, oh they know he can shoot", referred to Nilsson's second strike against PSV.
Honours.
IFK Göteborg
Sweden
Individual
Records

</doc>
<doc id="6915399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915399" title="Alphonse Munchen">
Alphonse Munchen

Jean-Pierre Alphonse Munchen (3 September 1850 – 25 January 1917) was a Luxembourgish engineer and politician. He served as the Mayor of Luxembourg City between 24 July 1904 and 14 February 1915.
Munchen was born into one of Luxembourg's best-established families in Diekirch on 3 September 1850. He was the son of Franz Karl (François-Charles) Munchen, the lawyer's bâtonnier of the Luxembourg court and owner of Castle Grevels. On 4 July 1861, his sister Eleonore "Laure" Wilhelmine Munchen (1842–1895) married Prussian General Konstanz Bernhard von Voigts-Rhetz.
He studied at University of Liège, after which he became an industrial engineer, working in both Belgium and Luxembourg in the burgeoning local steel industry. Munchen was involved in the foundation of the steel mill at Rodange, and in the development of the Prince Henri Railway. After this, he spent many years working in the Russian Empire, particularly the Urals and Siberia, where he helped to develop the areas' first steel infrastructure.
In 1892, he entered Luxembourg City's communal council, in which he served until 1904, when he became the city's mayor. He also represented the city in the national legislature, the Chamber of Deputies.
There is a street in Merl, Luxembourg City, named after Munchen ("Rue Alphonse Munchen").

</doc>
<doc id="6915403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915403" title="Hugh Mulcahy">
Hugh Mulcahy

Hugh Noyes Mulcahy (September 9, 1913 – October 19, 2001), nicknamed Losing Pitcher, was an American professional baseball pitcher, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Phillies (1935–40 and 1945–46) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1947).
Mulcahy was born in Brighton, Massachusetts. He threw and batted right-handed; during his playing days, Mulcahy stood tall, weighing .
Career.
After short stints in the Class B Northeastern League and the Boston Red Sox and Washington Senators minor league farm systems, Mulcahy was signed by the Philadelphia Phillies and made his big league debut in 1935. He was named to the 1940 National League (NL) All-Star Team.
Mulcahy had the nickname of "Losing Pitcher"; because he lost 20 games in 1938 and 22 in 1940 and never had a full season in the majors in which he recorded more wins than losses. Mulcahy led the NL in earned runs allowed in 1938 and 1939.
Mulcahy also gained national distinction when he became the very first major leaguer to be drafted into United States military service before the U.S. entered World War II, on March 8, 1941. Mulcahy ended up serving over four years.
Mulcahy led the NL in games (56), walks allowed (97), and hit batsmen (7) in 1937. Despite leading the League in losses (20) and earned runs allowed (137) he finished 25th in voting for the 1938 National League Most Valuable Player award for having 10 wins, 46 games pitched in, 34 games started, 15 complete games, 8 games finished, 1 save, 267 innings pitched, 294 hits allowed, 162 runs allowed, 14 home runs allowed, 120 walks allowed, 90 strikeouts, 6 hit batters, 5 wild pitches, 1,201 batters faced, 1 balk, and a 4.61 earned run average (ERA).
Mulcahy led the NL in earned runs allowed (125), wild pitches (11), and hit batsmen (11) in 1939. Then, despite leading the NL in hits allowed (283) and losses (22), he finished 29th in voting for the 1940 NL MVP. Mulcahy also had 13 wins in 36 games (all starts), three shutouts, 280 innings pitched, and a 3.60 ERA.
In a nine-year MLB career, Mulcahy had a 45–89 win–loss record, 220 games pitched in, 143 games started, 63 complete games, 5 shutouts, 48 games finished, 9 saves, 1,161 innings pitched, 1,271 hits allowed, 695 runs allowed, 579 earned runs allowed, 69 home runs allowed, 487 walks allowed, 314 strikeouts, 39 hit batters, 36 wild pitches, 5,161 batters faced, 4 balks, and a 4.49 ERA.
In retirement, Mulcahy spent many years as a scout for the Chicago White Sox, and served one season (1970) as their pitching coach.
Mulcahy died at age 88, in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania, on October 19, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="6915404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915404" title="Soundtracks for the Blind">
Soundtracks for the Blind

Soundtracks for the Blind is the tenth studio album by Swans. It was released as a double CD on October 22, 1996, through Young God Records. "Soundtracks for the Blind" was intended, as suggested by the title, to function as a "soundtrack for a non-existent film." Upon its release, it received widespread acclaim from critics and is hailed as the band's masterpiece. It was the last studio album released by the band until 2010's "My Father Will Guide Me up a Rope to the Sky". A reissue of the album was released on July 20, 2018, marking the first time "Soundtracks for the Blind" was released on vinyl.
Background.
Much of the album is tied together with audio collage works and sample-based textural pieces recorded at various times and places, as well as the use of previous Swans material (such as the lyrics of "Your Property" from "Cop" for "YRP"). On this, frontman Michael Gira said in 1997:
I've always been interested in different sounds like that and listened to Brian Eno and different kinds of music that use non-musical sources often, and as I made this record I had a lot of that material: those loops and things I'd made from '81; I had vocal loops that Jarboe had made in 1985 on a little sixteen second digital delay unit which was actually the first sampler... we had these tape narrations we'd been collecting, that she got from her father's desk when he was an FBI agent – surveillance tapes; I interviewed my father because I'm interested in his life, and took a little snippet of his experiences... then we had new things we'd recorded with our 'band' from the last tour; and some stuff we did for a soundtrack for a film. I threw all those into the computer and assembled it that way. So, in some things, there's something from 1981 playing simultaneously with something from '85 playing simultaneously with something from 1996. It's cross-faded and blended and mixed so to speak in the computer, cut-up and sometimes looped and reversed.
On the Young God Records page for "Soundtracks for the Blind", Gira wrote this in 2008 about the general experience of making the album:
This double CD album has everything in there – all the ideas from Swans’ 15 years of work. There’s some contemporary recordings of the band as it existed in ‘96/7, with Larry Mullins on drums/percussion, Jarboe singing and playing keyboards, Vudi playing electric guitar, and Joe Goldring playing bass and electric guitar, and me singing and playing electric and acoustic guitar, but there’s also a huge amount of sounds and recordings that I (and a few by Jarboe here too) collected over the years. These are reassembled, looped, mangled, and in many cases overdubbed upon to create new pieces of music. Being the "artist" in this case, it’s hard for me to talk about this one, because the memory is so laden (or burdened!) with the experience of making this thing. I guess what I’m trying to say here is I almost had a heart attack making it (slightly kidding here). It was just overwhelming. I really set my own trap, dug my own grave on this one. There was SO MUCH material to deal with, to sift through (whole trunks full of decomposing, moldy cassettes and discs with samples and sounds), and the task of making it into something coherent was at times debilitating. Really like climbing up a mountain of sand. I don’t remember why I set this goal for myself, to somehow incorporate such a ridiculously disparate amount of material. I think maybe it was so I could justify throwing all that crap into the local dump, which is what I did when I finished the album. But in the end, after centuries of picking at this huge iceberg of material with a toothpick, my trusty engineer Chris Griffin and I managed to sculpt something out of it. It actually breathes, seems to live, in most places I think. There’s a press release below written by Kurt at Atavistic (Swans label at the time), and some reviews too, which might give you a better idea of how this sounds. Anyway, in the end, I was elated with this music, both because I liked it and because finishing it meant I could finally lay Swans to rest after 15 years. In my case, I’m always happiest when I’m leaving.
Critical reception.
"Soundtracks for the Blind" has been met with widespread acclaim from critics. "Alternative Press" wrote that "Swans' out-and-out noise may have receded into quietude and somnolent hypnoscapes, but this monster of an album will leave ripples pulsing out for many years to come." Nick Terry of "Terrorizer" magazine wrote, "Gira has painstakingly recorded and produced this magnus opus with a ferocious attention to detail. Above all, it sounds phenomenal". The magazine later included it in their list of the "100 Most Important Albums of the Nineties".
In a retrospective review, AllMusic critic Ned Raggett called "Soundtracks for the Blind" "[Swans'] best album ever". Raggett ranked the album at number 75 on his list of the best albums of the 1990s for "Freaky Trigger".
In 2024, "Paste" ranked "Soundtracks for the Blind" as the 175th-greatest album of all time.
Track listing.
CD Tracklist
Personnel.
Credits for "Soundtracks for the Blind" adapted from liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="6915406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915406" title="SuperPin">
SuperPin

SuperPin is the name given to any of the widebody pinball games released by Williams and Midway (under the "Bally" name) between 1993 and late-1994.
The playfield (being almost as wide as the backbox of the machine) is approximately one shooter lane width wider (approximately 2.75") than a standard body machine. They fit in the same size box for distribution, and can fit in the same floor space but are heavier than a typical machine. Earlier widebodies had a reputation for playing "floaty", in that the ball generally moved more slowly than standard machines, and the most recent Bally/Williams widebody release had been "Embryon" in 1981. After the success of "The Addams Family" in 1992, Pat Lawlor was given full creative control for "The Twilight Zone" and pushed for it to be a widebody due to the stronger flippers that had become available in recent years.
These games often included extra gimmicks and toys which added to the gameplay (e.g., the gumball machine in "Twilight Zone", the dual phasers cannons in "Star Trek: The Next Generation" or the alternate "SUPERGAME" ruleset of "Judge Dredd"). All of the SuperPins used the DCS Sound System, except for "Twilight Zone".
Games.
There were seven games released under the SuperPin label:

</doc>
<doc id="6915412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915412" title="Lauri Mononen">
Lauri Mononen

Lauri Ilmari Mononen (22 March 1950 – 5 August 2018) was a Finnish professional ice hockey winger. While playing for Phoenix Roadrunners in the World Hockey Association he was one of the first Finns to play professional hockey in North America. He played for a total of two seasons in WHA. He also won the Finnish Championship once and the Swiss Championship once. He was twice chosen as best forward in the Finnish League and selected to All Star five three times (1969, 1972, 1975). He also competed in the men's tournament at the 1972 Winter Olympics.
His number 15 has been frozen by his former club, Jokipojat. He was inducted into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame as number 75.

</doc>
<doc id="6915413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915413" title="Coming Out of the Dark">
Coming Out of the Dark

"Coming Out of the Dark" is a song by Cuban-American singer and songwriter Gloria Estefan. It was released on January 10, 1991, worldwide by Epic Records as the leading and first single from her second album, "Into the Light" (1991). It was written by Estefan with her husband Emilio Estefan, Jr. and Jon Secada, and produced by Estefan Jr., Jorge Casas and Clay Ostwald. It became the singer's third number one in the United States and second number one in Canada (solo and with Miami Sound Machine). The song is a soul ballad which includes the use of a choir. Among the voices in the choir are Estefan's colleague, the Cuban singer Jon Secada, and the R&amp;B singer Betty Wright (both had participated in backing vocals on her debut solo album, "Cuts Both Ways" as well as "Into the Light"). The song's accompanying music video received heavy rotation on MTV Europe.
This is the first single released after Estefan's accident on March 20, 1990—an 18-wheeler rammed her tour bus, nearly causing the singer's death—when her "Get on Your Feet Tour" was in progress. It is also the first song that Estefan performed publicly after recovering, inspired by the near-fatal accident and also is dedicated to her husband. The title was inspired by a phrase her husband had written on a piece of paper as a helicopter transported her for delicate surgery to repair her broken back. She explained to "Billboard": "My husband had been in one of the helicopters traveling from one hospital to the other. It was really dark and gray, and he was traumatized. He got this ray of light that hit him in the face, and he got the idea for 'Coming Out of the Dark'."
Estefan was careful not to turn "Into the Light" into a pity party. "I hate pity," she told the "Los Angeles Daily News". "I'm very self-reliant and independent, and I'm used to that role. I don't like people feeling sorry for me. So I wrote 'Coming Out of the Dark' to let the people around me know how important they are to me. But that was as far as I wanted to go with the accident. I didn't want this to become 'the album on the accident.' What am I going to sing - 'Oh, this bus hit me'?"
Chart performance.
The song was a number one hit on the US "Billboard Hot 100" ,US "Cash Box Top 100" and Adult Contemporary charts. The song was also a hit in Canada, Spain and Japan, while having moderate success in the rest of Europe, where Estefan had always been popular. In Ireland, the single reached the top 20, and in the UK it reached the top 40.
Critical reception.
AllMusic editor Jason Birchmeier highlighted the song in his review of "Into the Light", complimenting it as a "memorable" ballad. Upon the release, Larry Flick from "Billboard" found that this "uplifting, gospel-framed ballad" is "bolstered by a striking and inspirational performance." Bill Wyman from Entertainment Weekly wrote that "Coming Out of the Dark" is a "pretty song about Estefan's recovery. It starts out slow, then brings its point home with a gospel-like chorus reminiscent of Michael Jackson's "Man in the Mirror". It's hard not to be sympathetic — the song is an anthem to hope and indomitability, and someone who's endured Estefan's pain certainly deserves room to talk about it." Mario Tarradell from "Knight Ridder" viewed it as a "gospel-tinged showpiece". Pan-European magazine "Music &amp; Media" remarked that with a "comeback in glory after a heavy tourbus accident, Estefan shines in this gospel type of song. Inspired by the strong backing vocals, she climbs her way back to the top. David Quantick from "NME" said, "Her recent stuff, the 'Anything for You's and 'Oye Mi Canto's threaten to give American hit music a good name. 'Coming Out of the Dark', however, is a bit epic for my tastes, Gloria's restrained vocal not ideally suited to its anthemic leanings. Perhaps Maria McKee could cover it?" Parry Gettelman from "Orlando Sentinel" wrote that the song "has a pretty vocal although the melody sounds like something destined for a Kodak commercial. The gospel-choir effect of the backing vocals seems more an homage to Madonna's "Like a Prayer" than a spiritual statement." A reviewer from "People Magazine" deemed it as "standard dance pop". Caroline Sullivan from "Smash Hits" felt that it "starts off slow, then perks up a touch and cracks along at a lively pace for the rest of the song."
Retrospective response.
In 2019, Bill Lamb from About.com described the song as a "gorgeous hit ballad", adding that it is now considered one of the top inspirational pop hits of all time. In a 2021 retrospective review, Matthew Hocter from Albumism viewed it as "one of her finest". Maryann Scheufele from AXS ranked the song among her ten "best songs" in 2014, remarking that Estefan "truly has been blessed with an inspirational voice." The Daily Vault's Mark Millan named it one of three "real hits" of the album, with "Live for Loving You" and "Seal Our Fate". Pip Ellwood-Hughes from Entertainment Focus declared it as "one of the most poignant songs" of Estefan's career. Leah Greenblatt from "Entertainment Weekly" described it as a "poignant gospel-tinged ballad".
Spanish version ("Desde La Oscuridad").
Estefan also recorded the Spanish version of the song, called "Desde la Oscuridad". The song was released to Latin-American radio stations and the considerable airplay it received took the song to the Top Five of the Hot Latin Songs chart.

</doc>
<doc id="6915416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915416" title="EzerNet">
EzerNet

EzerNet Ltd. was a wireless and cable Internet service provider in Latvia, offering FTTH, MVDS, (pre-)WiMax and satellite access. In 2009 the company went bankrupt.
EzerNet was a holder of 42 GHz frequency licence in Latvia.

</doc>
<doc id="6915433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915433" title="Pierre Dupuis">
Pierre Dupuis

Pierre Dupuis or Pierre Dupuys (3 March 1610 in Montfort-l'Amaury – 18 February 1682 in Paris) was a French painter. Dupuis was successful during his life and in 1646 he was appointed "Peintre Ordinaire des Ecuries du Roi" by his patron Henri de Lorraine, comte d'Harcourt, with the consent of Anne of Austria. In 1664 he was accepted into the "Académie Royale de Peinture".
He lived in Italy, where he met Pierre Mignard (1612–1695) in 1637. He was a specialist of still lifes and his style was influenced by Northern Europe painting and Protestant religion. In his paintings of bouquets, an influence of Jacques Linard (1600–1645) and Louise Moillon (1610–1696). These paintings were very appreciated in his times.

</doc>
<doc id="6915443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915443" title="Maury Allen">
Maury Allen

Maury Allen (born Maurice Allen Rosenberg; May 2, 1932 – October 3, 2010) was an American sportswriter, actor, and columnist for the "New York Post" and the "Journal-News". He was also a voter for the Baseball Hall of Fame. Allen wrote 38 books on American sports icons. He also contributed to Thecolumnists.com.
Early life.
Allen was born in Brooklyn, New York, to parents Harry and Frances Rosenberg. Harry Rosenberg was a coffee salesman and Frances a homemaker. His grandparents came from Russia He attended James Madison High School where he covered sports for the school paper.
As a young man, Allen was a Brooklyn Dodgers fanatic. His book, "Brooklyn Remembered: The 1955 Days of the Dodgers", recalls the glory days of the team, before they were moved to Los Angeles.
After high school, he attended City College of New York where he majored in journalism and played for the football team. Allen had one older brother. Following college, Allen was drafted into the Army. He served in Japan and in Korea during the Korean War.
Sports journalism career.
Allen wrote for the City College newspaper, "The Campus", covering sports. When he was drafted to the Army, he continued as a reporter, writing for the Pacific Stars and Stripes. After his service, he wrote for papers in Indiana, Pennsylvania and New York.
In 1959, Allen was hired as sports writer at "Sports Illustrated". He wrote for "Sports Illustrated" for two years. His next newspaper job was reporting for the "New York Post" from 1961 to 1988. From 1988 to 2000, he wrote articles for "The Journal News", owned by the Gannett Company. Following his retirement from "The Journal News", Allen continued to write books and to write articles for Thecolumnists.com.
Radio broadcasts.
From 2002 to 2008, Allen co-hosted a weekly radio show called "Talking Sports with Maury and Bill" with the owner of Mickey Mantle's Restaurant, Bill Liederman. The show was broadcast live from Mickey Mantle's Restaurant, near Central Park in New York City. The one-hour long show featured sports talk and interviews with athletes. Allen was a contributor to a talk show hosted by Dave Cooperman and Bill Liederman called "The Sports Buzz" which was broadcast originally by WFAS-FM (2003-2004) in Westchester and then WCTC (2005-2007) in Central Jersey. Lori Rubinson from season 1 of ESPN's "Dream Job" and now a contributor on WFAN replaced Liederman. Cooperman and Rubinson moved the show to the WCTC studios and the show eventually was moved to the 5:00-7:00 time slot. Maury Allen remained a contributor through the life of the show.
Film appearances.
Allen was interviewed on numerous occasions in documentary films, such as "Toots" (2006), "Mantle" (2006), "City Dump: The Story of the 1951 CCNY Basketball Scandal" (1998), and "Howard Cosell: Telling It Like It Is" (1999).
National Baseball Hall of Fame voter.
Allen was a member of the Baseball Writers' Association of America, and was a voter for the National Baseball Hall of Fame for 35 years. He became eligible to vote in 1973 after more than 10 years as a traveling sports reporter.
Later work.
Allen completed work on a book entitled "Dixie Walker of the Dodgers", a right fielder for the Yankees, White Sox, and Brooklyn Dodgers, and controversial figure in baseball in the 1940s for his stance against racial integration in Major League Baseball, which was released in 2010.
Personal life.
In 1962, Maury Allen married Janet Allen. They had two children, daughter Jennifer, and son Ted and four grandchildren. Prior to retirement, Allen was an avid tennis player. Friends and acquaintances often joked that Allen could be counted on to show up for tennis any day of the year. Allen died of lymphoma at the age of 78.
Awards and honors.
Allen was granted a Lifetime Achievement Award by the Society of Silurians, one of the oldest journalistic organizations in existence. He was inducted into the B'nai B'rith Sports Hall of Fame, City College of New York Hall of Fame, the International Jewish Sports Hall of Fame, the James Madison High Hall of Fame, the Westchester County New York Hall of Fame, and the Brooklyn Dodgers Hall of Fame. On November 9, 2011, he was posthumously awarded the Townsend Harris Medal by the Alumni Association of City College of New York.

</doc>
<doc id="6915448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915448" title="Scapular circumflex artery">
Scapular circumflex artery



</doc>
<doc id="6915450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915450" title="Pierre Dupuys">
Pierre Dupuys



</doc>
<doc id="6915453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915453" title="Lego themes">
Lego themes



</doc>
<doc id="6915456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915456" title="Empire of the Bright Lands">
Empire of the Bright Lands



</doc>
<doc id="6915458" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915458" title="Thomas Vilhelm Garde">
Thomas Vilhelm Garde

Thomas Vilhelm Garde (22 October 1859 – 24 June 1926) was a Danish naval officer, distinguished for his explorations in Greenland.
Garde became a sub-lieutenant of the Danish Navy in 1880, rising to the rank of First lieutenant in 1881, captain in 1898, Commander in 1908 and Rear Admiral in 1918. He retired from active service in 1921.
Explorations.
Garde was junior leader of the Umiak Expedition of 1883-85 led by Gustav Holm. They thoroughly explored the coast of southeast Greenland, by journeys from Cape Farewell using umiak boats. Garde explored Lindenow Fjord (62° 15' N), where have been found the Scandinavian ruins on the east coast. Wintering at Nanortalik, he discovered between there and Cape Farewell 200 live glaciers, of which 70 had a sea face more than a mile (1.61 km) wide. During his 1893 surveys of the Julianehaab district in the southwest of Greenland, he made a long journey over the Greenland ice cap, which proved to be of unsuspected height. In his trip of 13 days he traveled 180 miles (290 km) across the ice and reached an elevation of more than 8000 feet (2438 m). He was awarded the Roquette medal by the Société de Géographie of Paris.
In 1897, he led the Russian icebreaker "Nadeshny" from Copenhagen to Vladivostok. He became a commander in the Royal Danish navy, chief of staff, from 1908 to 1911 Assistant to the Minister of the Navy and in 1918 Rear Admiral. Garde's narratives of his explorations appeared in "Meddelelser om Grønland", ix, xvi (50 volumes, Copenhagen, 1876–1912). His observations formed the foundation for the first complete description of West Greenland waterways, including information about wind and ice.
Honours.
The Garde Nunataks "(Garde Nunatakker)" in Greenland were named after him by the 1909–12 Alabama Expedition.

</doc>
<doc id="6915467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915467" title="Bright Lands">
Bright Lands



</doc>
<doc id="6915496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915496" title="François Scheffer">
François Scheffer

François Scheffer (1 July 1766 – 9 September 1844) was a Luxembourgish politician. He served four stints as the Mayor of Luxembourg City, with a total tenure of twenty-one years.
There is a street in Limpertsberg, Luxembourg City, named after Scheffer ("Allée Scheffer").

</doc>
<doc id="6915499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915499" title="Sergey Saltykov">
Sergey Saltykov



</doc>
<doc id="6915505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915505" title="Aalakadikkumoolai">
Aalakadikkumoolai



</doc>
<doc id="6915507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915507" title="Ie Naki Ko Remi">
Ie Naki Ko Remi



</doc>
<doc id="6915509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915509" title="Samaria Ostraca">
Samaria Ostraca

The Samaria Ostraca are 102 ostraca found in 1910 in excavations in ancient Samaria (modern-day Sebastia, Nablus) led by George Andrew Reisner of the Harvard Semitic Museum. These ostraca were found in the treasury of the palace of Ahab, king of Israel, and probably date about his period, 850–750 BC. Authored by royal scribes, the ostraca primarily record food deliveries, serving an archival function.
The ostraca are written in the paleo-Hebrew alphabet, which very closely resemble those of the Siloam Inscription, but show a slight development of the cursive script. The language is typically seen as a northern Hebrew dialect.
Of the 102 ostraca found, only 63 are legible. The primary inscriptions are known as KAI 183–188. They are currently held in the collection of the Istanbul Archaeology Museums.
Description.
They are written on fragments of five different types of vessels—large thick amphorae, with a drab or grey surface; large thin amphorae, with a drab or grey surface; jugs of soft brown ware with a reddish slip; basins of the same ware; and bowls of coarse ware with a red or yellow slip, all of these presumably being vessels that were used in receiving and storing the revenue. Sherds with a smooth surface or a slip would naturally be preferred for writing.
These ostraca are evidently part of a somewhat clumsy method of book-keeping. Either they were a "day-book," notes of daily receipts to be written up in some form of "ledger" afterwards, or they were the sole record kept of the amount of wine and oil received in various years from various places. It is possible they were written and handed in by the payer, not by the receiver.
All of them began with a date, such as "In the ninth, tenth, or fifteenth year" presumably of the reign of Ahab. This is followed by the amount and quality of wine or oil received, with the name of the place where it came from and of the giver, such as "in the tenth year wine of Kerm-ha-Tell for a jar of fine oil" where evidently wine was accepted in place of fine oil. "A jar of old wine" and "a jar of fine oil" are the most usual descriptions.
Names of places.
Some names are of the villages or districts, and others are names of the peasant farmers who paid their taxes in the form of jars of wine. Of the places mentioned on these Ostraca, Shechem is the only one that can be identified with a text occurring in the Hebrew Bible (Christian Old Testament). In Kerm-ha-Tell, and Kerm-Yahu-'ali, the word Kerm must mean "the village, or vineyard," Tell means "mound", maybe referring to modern Tulkarm in Samaria. Six of these place-names occur in the Hebrew Bible as "tribal subdivisions of Manasseh", in Joshua 17:2. and :
The names of the seventeen places occurring on these Ostraca are: 

</doc>
<doc id="6915525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915525" title="Grand Prix de Chantilly">
Grand Prix de Chantilly

The Grand Prix de Chantilly is a Group 2 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged four years or older. It is run at Chantilly over a distance of 2,400 metres (about 1½ miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late May or early June.
The event replaced the Grand Prix d'Évry, a race established when Évry Racecourse opened in 1973. It was run each year until the venue closed in 1996, and the present version was introduced at Chantilly in 1997.
The leading horses from the Grand Prix de Chantilly often go on to compete in the Grand Prix de Saint-Cloud. The last to win both in the same year was Waldgeist in 2018.
The Grand Prix de Chantilly is now staged on the same day as the Prix du Jockey Club.
Records.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Leading jockey (5 wins):
Leading trainer (9 wins):
Leading owner (5 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="6915546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915546" title="Loic Bigois">
Loic Bigois



</doc>
<doc id="6915550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915550" title="Alto Sax">
Alto Sax



</doc>
<doc id="6915552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915552" title="Gibson Knott">
Gibson Knott

Gibson Knott is a fell in the English Lake District, an intermediate height on the ridge between Greenburn and Far Easedale in the Central Fells.
Topography.
The spine of the Central Fells runs on a north–south axis with the highpoint at High Raise. A complex system of daleheads to the east of this apex resolves itself into Calf Crag, a broad-topped ridge featuring a number of rocky tops. This ridge then splits into two arms about the head of Greenburn, the southern branch running on to Gibson Knott and Helm Crag.
Between Calf Crag and Helm Crag the ridge narrows to perhaps a hundred yards in width, gradually curving to the south east on its one and a half mile course. There are several tops on this section, Gibson Knott being halfway along.
The southern face above Far Easedale is rocky, Horn Crag being the principal feature. The northern side drops more gradually to the upper gathering grounds of Greenburn Bottom. There is little loss of height going westward from the summit before the climb to Calf Crag begins on a broadening ridge. Between Gibson Knott and Helm Crag lies the depression of Bracken Hause at around 1,100 ft.
Geology.
The summit knolls are laminated volcaniclastic claystone and siltstone of the Esk Pike Formation. The remainder of the ridge top is composed of dacitic lapilli tuff. There is no history of mining within the area of the fell.
Summit.
There being a couple of rocky knolls of similar height the summit point could be debated, but custom and practice has resulted in a cairn on the western outcrop. There is an all round view although perhaps not as expansive as could be expected from the centre of the District.It can be improved slightly by moving east along the ridge.
Ascents.
The fell is most commonly climbed as part of a circuit of Greenburn following a good path, but ascents from Grasmere via either flank of Bracken Hause are also possible.

</doc>
<doc id="6915556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915556" title="2's complement">
2's complement



</doc>
<doc id="6915576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915576" title="1990 Football World Cup">
1990 Football World Cup



</doc>
<doc id="6915577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915577" title="Ravan">
Ravan

Ravan, Raavan or Ravanan, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6915594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915594" title="Stary Olsa">
Stary Olsa

Stary Olsa () is a Belarusian medieval folk rock band, that plays medieval Ruthenian music of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The band has also released classical rock cover works in their Medieval Classic Rock where classical rock songs performed by bagpipes.
Stary Olsa is one of the few Belarusian bands enjoying popularity outside Belarus. The band has received numerous positive critical reviews. They are also known for covering modern rock tracks using their medieval instruments, and released a cover album, via a Kickstarter campaign, in 2016.
The band was founded in 1999 by Źmicier Sasnoŭski. The name Stary Olsa means "Old Olsa", where Olsa is a left tributary of Berezina in Mogilev Oblast, Belarus.

</doc>
<doc id="6915597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915597" title="Smashy Trashy">
Smashy Trashy

Smashy Trashy is the only studio album by American hip hop duo S.A. Smash. It was released by Definitive Jux on June 3, 2003. It peaked at number 14 on CMJ's Hip-Hop chart.
Critical reception.
John Bush of AllMusic wrote, "The duo doesn't even stick to a single performance style, ranging from sex-crazed bragging to satirical gangster posturing and down-south balling to underground-type weirdness." Rollie Pemberton of "Pitchfork" commented that "The reason this album doesn't work is because they don't have the emotional severity and nonchalant allure of commercial artists, they don't have the intelligence and song structure of underground artists, and they can't write a chorus to save their lives."
In 2015, Chaz Kangas of "City Pages" included "Love to F*ck" on the "Five Aesop Rock Rarities You Might Have Missed" list.

</doc>
<doc id="6915609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915609" title="Gigashadow">
Gigashadow



</doc>
<doc id="6915621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915621" title="John W. Hicks">
John W. Hicks

John William Hicks (December 2, 1921 – December 20, 2002) served as acting president of Purdue University from 1982 to 1983. An agricultural economist, he was executive assistant to the university's presidents Frederick L. Hovde and Arthur G. Hansen from 1955 to 1982. Purdue's Undergraduate Library was renamed in his honor on April 21, 1990.
Hicks was born in Sydney, Australia. He earned a master's degree and a doctorate from Purdue University in 1948 and 1950, respectively. He moved with his family to New Rochelle, New York and attended a campus of the University of Massachusetts for his undergraduate studies. He served in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II.
Hicks was married to Elizabeth Johnston. The two had eight children, and fourteen grandchildren.

</doc>
<doc id="6915623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915623" title="Huang Kai">
Huang Kai



</doc>
<doc id="6915629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915629" title="Ridable miniature railways">
Ridable miniature railways



</doc>
<doc id="6915637" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915637" title="Stone of Claims">
Stone of Claims

The Stone of Claims ( in the Bavli, אבן הטועים in the Mishna and Yerushalmi) (Even Hato'eem/n), also known as the Stone of Losses or Stone of Strayers, was a raised stone platform in Jerusalem mentioned in the Talmud.
History.
According to the Talmud, the stone of claims was a public platform that existed in Jerusalem during the Second Temple period:
In 2015, archaeologists discovered a 2,000-year-old pyramid-shaped staircase built of large ashlar stones on an ancient street in the City of David. Some scholars have suggested it might be the ancient Stone of Claims. The podium was found on the main street leading from the Siloam Pool to the Temple Mount.
Two British archaeologists who unearthed part of the step pyramid about a century ago thought it was a staircase leading to a house.
Literature.
"At the Stone of Losses" is a book of poetry by T. Carmi.

</doc>
<doc id="6915648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915648" title="Calder Valley">
Calder Valley



</doc>
<doc id="6915652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915652" title="Tsai He">
Tsai He



</doc>
<doc id="6915654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915654" title="Tsai Chung">
Tsai Chung



</doc>
<doc id="6915655" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915655" title="Gates Intermediate">
Gates Intermediate



</doc>
<doc id="6915658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915658" title="C++ string handling">
C++ string handling

The C++ programming language has support for string handling, mostly implemented in its standard library. The language standard specifies several string types, some inherited from C, some designed to make use of the language's features, such as classes and RAII. The most-used of these is .
Since the initial versions of C++ had only the "low-level" C string handling functionality and conventions, multiple incompatible designs for string handling classes have been designed over the years and are still used instead of codice_1, and C++ programmers may need to handle multiple conventions in a single application.
History.
The type is the main string datatype in standard C++ since 1998, but it was not always part of C++. From C, C++ inherited the convention of using null-terminated strings that are handled by a pointer to their first element, and a library of functions that manipulate such strings. In modern standard C++, a string literal such as still denotes a NUL-terminated array of characters.
Using C++ classes to implement a string type offers several benefits of automated memory management and a reduced risk of out-of-bounds accesses, and more intuitive syntax for string comparison and concatenation. Therefore, it was strongly tempting to create such a class. Over the years, C++ application, library and framework developers produced their own, incompatible string representations, such as the one in AT&amp;T's Standard Components library (the first such implementation, 1983) or the type in Microsoft's MFC. While standardized strings, legacy applications still commonly contain such custom string types and libraries may expect C-style strings, making it "virtually impossible" to avoid using multiple string types in C++ programs and requiring programmers to decide on the desired string representation ahead of starting a project.
In a 1991 retrospective on the history of C++, its inventor Bjarne Stroustrup called the lack of a standard string type (and some other standard types) in C++ 1.0 the worst mistake he made in its development; "the absence of those led to everybody re-inventing the wheel and to an unnecessary diversity in the most fundamental classes".
Implementation issues.
The various vendors' string types have different implementation strategies and performance characteristics. In particular, some string types use a copy-on-write strategy, where an operation such as
string a = "hello!";
string b = a; // Copy constructor
does not actually copy the content of to ; instead, both strings share their contents and a reference count on the content is incremented. The actual copying is postponed until a mutating operation, such as appending a character to either string, makes the strings' contents differ. Copy-on-write can make major performance changes to code using strings (making some operations much faster and some much slower). Though no longer uses it, many (perhaps most) alternative string libraries still implement copy-on-write strings.
Some string implementations store 16-bit or 32-bit code points instead of bytes, this was intended to facilitate processing of Unicode text. However, it means that conversion to these types from or from arrays of bytes is dependent on the "locale" and can throw exceptions. Any processing advantages of 16-bit code units vanished when the variable-width UTF-16 encoding was introduced (though there are still advantages if you must communicate with a 16-bit API such as Windows). Qt's is an example.
Third-party string implementations also differed considerably in the syntax to extract or compare substrings, or to perform searches in the text.
Standard string types.
The class is the standard representation for a text string since C++98. The class provides some typical string operations like comparison, concatenation, find and replace, and a function for obtaining substrings. An can be constructed from a C-style string, and a C-style string can also be obtained from one.
The individual units making up the string are of type , at least (and almost always) 8 bits each. In modern usage these are often not "characters", but parts of a multibyte character encoding such as UTF-8.
The copy-on-write strategy was deliberately allowed by the initial C++ Standard for because it was deemed a useful optimization, and used by nearly all implementations. However, there were mistakes, in particular the returned a non-const reference in order to make it easy to port C in-place string manipulations (such code often assumed one byte per character and thus this may not have been a good idea!) This allowed the following code that shows that it must make a copy even though it is almost always used only to examine the string and not modify it:
 std::string original("aaaaaaa");
 std::string string_copy = original; // make a copy
 char* pointer = &amp;string_copy[3]; // some tried to make operator[] return a "trick" class but this makes it complex
 arbitrary_code_here(); // no optimizations can fix this
 *pointer = 'b'; // if operator[] did not copy, this would change original unexpectedly
This caused implementations, first MSVC and later GCC, to move away from copy-on-write. It was also discovered that the overhead in multi-threaded applications due to the locking needed to examine or change the reference count was greater than the overhead of copying small strings on modern processors (especially for strings smaller than the size of a pointer). The optimization was finally disallowed in C++11, with the result that even passing a as an argument to a function, for example void function_name(std::string s); must be expected to perform a full copy of the string into newly allocated memory. The common idiom to avoid such copying is to pass as a "const reference".
void function_name(const std::string&amp; str_) {
 std::cout « str_;
The C++17 standard added a new class that is only a pointer and length to read-only data, makes passing arguments far faster than either of the above examples:
 std::string x = ...;
 print(x); // does not copy x.data()
 print("this is a literal string"); // also does not copy the characters!
Example usage.
int main() {
 std::string foo = "fighters";
 std::string bar = "stool";
 if (foo != bar) std::cout « "The strings are different!\n";
 std::cout « "foo = " « std::quoted(foo)
 « " while bar = " « std::quoted(bar);
Related classes.
 is a typedef for a particular instantiation of the template class. Its definition is found in the header:
using string = std::basic_string&lt;char&gt;;
Thus provides functionality for strings having elements of type . There is a similar class , which consists of , and is most often used to store UTF-16 text on Windows and UTF-32 on most Unix-like platforms. The C++ standard, however, does not impose any interpretation as Unicode code points or code units on these types and does not even guarantee that a holds more bits than a . To resolve some of the incompatibilities resulting from 's properties, C++11 added two new classes: and (made up of the new types and ), which are the given number of bits per code unit on all platforms.
C++11 also added new string literals of 16-bit and 32-bit "characters" and syntax for putting Unicode code points into null-terminated (C-style) strings.
A is guaranteed to be specializable for any type with a struct to accompany it. As of C++11, only , , and specializations are required to be implemented.
A is also a Standard Library container, and thus the Standard Library algorithms can be applied to the code units in strings.
Critiques.
The design of has been held up as an example of monolithic design by Herb Sutter, who reckons that of the 103 member functions on the class in C++98, 71 could have been decoupled without loss of implementation efficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="6915661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915661" title="Border Campaign">
Border Campaign

Border Campaign may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6915662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915662" title="The Compassionate Society">
The Compassionate Society



</doc>
<doc id="6915667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915667" title="Dunnottar">
Dunnottar



</doc>
<doc id="6915669" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915669" title="Whiteford Lighthouse">
Whiteford Lighthouse

Whiteford Point Lighthouse (also known as Whitford Point Lighthouse) is located off the coast at Whiteford Point near Whiteford Sands, on the Gower Peninsula, South Wales.
Description.
It is an unusual cast-iron lighthouse built in 1865 to a design by John Bowen (1825–1873) of Llanelli, by the Llanelli Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners to mark the shoals of Whiteford Point, replacing an earlier piled structure of 1854, of which nothing remains. It is the only wave-swept cast-iron tower of this size in Britain. The tower is high and stands just above low-water level. The base is about in diameter and rises to a diameter of at lantern level. A pitched stone apron surrounds the base of the lighthouse.
Construction and maintenance.
The lighthouse sits on 88 wooden piles driven into glacial moraine. These are linked horizontally by walling pieces, using 500 cast-iron plants and bolts. These would have formed a box, probably square or octagonal, which would have been excavated and partially filled with concrete. The materials were delivered by boat and work undertaken during low tide.
The structure of the shell is formed from 105 bent and tapered cast-iron plates, each about thick, with an upstand flange on each side, and bolted with cast-iron bolts, each weighing . There are eight levels of panel tapering to the sixth 'course'. The first three horizontal joints are covered by iron bands supported on brackets and topped with fillets of concrete.
During the 1870s vertical cracks developed in the plates of the lowest three rings. A local blacksmith called Powell made wrought-iron straps which were bolted to the flanges on each side of the cracked plates. At the time, the cracks were put down to lateral pressures arising from the settlement of the inner masonry, being composed of rough beach stones and 'bad' mortar. By 1884, 150 straps had been fitted. The compaction of the fill may have been compounded by movement (swaying) of the tower, reported in 1884 by the lighthouse keeper to have been 'several inches'. In 1885, the ground around the tower was strengthened with the addition of a concrete skirt deep, bound by a wide iron band, effectively anchoring the skirt to the base of the tower.
The equipment for the lighthouse is listed in an inventory of 1888 and indicates that provision was made for two lighthouse keepers, although each of the census returns of 1871, 1881, 1891, and 1901 names one keeper. The working pattern was two weeks at Whitford Lighthouse alternating with two weeks at Llanelli Harbour Lighthouse.
The lamp.
Three Argand lamps and reflectors were fitted, one towards the Lynch Pool or south channel, one towards Burry Port, and one towards Llanelli. In 1876, the Harbour Master set a fourth lamp to shine west along the north channel. The Admiralty chart of 1887 shows the "Arc of Visibility" of the lights from slightly west of south, through north, to slightly south of east.
The lighthouse was discontinued in 1920, when responsibility for the light was transferred to Trinity House, who decided to establish a new beacon at Burry Holms. However, after pleas from local yachtsmen, the light was relit in the 1980s. This gave an additional point of reference when navigating the waters between the Gower Peninsula and Burry Port: on dark nights, boat crews often found themselves on top of Whiteford Point before realizing the fact. The cost was £1,300, with £1,000 being funded by the Harbour Commissioners and the balance by Burry Port Yacht Club. The new light was fully automatic and switched on when daylight faded to a pre-determined level. Two nautical almanacs published in 1987, Reeds, and Macmillan and Silk Cut, listed Whiteford Lighthouse as flashing every five seconds.
After a failure of the solar unit, the light was removed and not replaced. However, the lighthouse still has navigational value in daylight. It is now owned by Carmarthenshire County Council.
Historical significance.
The first known cast-iron British lighthouse was at Swansea Harbour and was built in 1803. The architect was William Jernegan, and the plates were cast at the Neath Abbey Ironworks.
Cast iron was also used for Maryport Lighthouse, Cumberland, in 1834. In 1836, the lighthouse at the Town Pier, Gravesend, Kent, was built from cast iron. In 1842, two cast-iron leading lights were erected at Aberdeen, with elegant tapering octagonal towers and a smooth external face. At Sunderland, another well-known example was built on the pier head in 1856.
The first 'solid' rock or wave-washed cast-iron tower was erected on the exposed Fastnet Rock in 1854, but this cracked and was replaced by a masonry tower in 1904.
In the middle of the nineteenth century, the engineer Alexander Gordon designed a number of fine cast-iron towers for colonial waters. These were cast at Pimlico and shipped out to be erected by comparatively unskilled labour. Some still survive in Jamaica and Bermuda, and a cast-iron tower at Tiri-tiri, New Zealand, built in 1920, is one of the last in this material.
Whiteford Lighthouse is the only cast-iron lighthouse in Britain which is wave-washed, although it can be reached on foot at low tide. The handful of other surviving lighthouses of this type stand well clear of the water on either harbour piers or reefs.
Whiteford Lighthouse is listed by Cadw as Grade II* as a rare survival of a wave-swept cast-iron lighthouse in British coastal waters, and an important work of cast-iron architecture and nineteenth-century lighthouse design and construction. It is also a Scheduled Ancient Monument.

</doc>
<doc id="6915673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915673" title="Lester J. Gates Intermediate School">
Lester J. Gates Intermediate School



</doc>
<doc id="6915679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915679" title="USS Black Douglas (PYc-45)">
USS Black Douglas (PYc-45)



</doc>
<doc id="6915689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915689" title="Restalyne">
Restalyne



</doc>
<doc id="6915691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915691" title="Floris van Dyck">
Floris van Dyck

Floris van Dyck, also called Floris van Dijck or Floris Claesz. van Dyck (c.1575 – before 26 April 1651) was a Dutch Golden Age still life painter.
Biography.
Van Dyck lived in Haarlem for most of his life, but he was born in Delft. He was a cousin of Pieter Cornelisz van Rijck, whose father Cornelis first had a brewery in Delft before moving to the "De Olyphant" brewery in Haarlem. In 1600 he was documented as being in Rome, where he was a good friend of Joseph van Arpino and witnessed him being cured of an ailment with "Olio del gran Duco", an oil given to him by the Pope's personal physician, with which he smeared himself all over his body. Thanks to this miracle cure, Arpino could finish an altarpiece in the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran.
In 1606 he returned to the Netherlands, where he settled in Haarlem and became one of Karel van Mander's sources on modern Italian painters for his Schilder-boeck. He probably lived with or near his uncle, the brewer Cornelis van Rijck. Like the young Frans Hals and other assistants to Karel van Mander, Floris is not listed with his own entry in that book, though he was already an established painter on his return from Italy. After Karel van Mander's death, Floris joined the Haarlem Guild of St. Luke in 1610 and became dean in 1637. On 11 September 1625 he married for the second time to Cornelia Jansdr. Vlasman and the wealthy Gijsbert Claesz van Campen was his only witness.
He was influenced by Osias Beert and Clara Peeters and is considered the inventor of the "banketje" (banquet still life genre similar to breakfasts, or "ontbijtjes"), together with Nicolaes Gillis. Besides Nicolaes Gilles, he influenced the painters Floris van Schooten, Pieter Claesz, and Roelof Koets. He died in Haarlem.

</doc>
<doc id="6915695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915695" title="KIMBER">
KIMBER



</doc>
<doc id="6915697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915697" title="Afumati">
Afumati



</doc>
<doc id="6915698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915698" title="To Quebec and the Stars">
To Quebec and the Stars

To Quebec and the Stars is a collection of seventeen essays written by H. P. Lovecraft, assembled and edited by L. Sprague de Camp, who came across them in the course of his research for his of Lovecraft. The collection was first published in hardcover by Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc. in 1976.
Summary.
The essays collected in the book cover a variety of subjects, notably astronomy, poetry, literature and travel; the main piece is a travelogue to Quebec, published for the first time in this collection.
Reception.
Richard A. Lupoff praised the collection as "an absolute treasure trove," singling out the title piece as "a delight to read ... like taking a guided tour of the city in the company of a knowledgeable and garrulous friend whose greatest delight is to share with you his own pleasure in the city and its past."

</doc>
<doc id="6915701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915701" title="Hippotherapy">
Hippotherapy



</doc>
<doc id="6915702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915702" title="Middle Atlantic Intercollegiate Sailing Association">
Middle Atlantic Intercollegiate Sailing Association

Middle Atlantic Intercollegiate Sailing Association (MAISA) is one of the seven conferences affiliated with the Inter-Collegiate Sailing Association that schedule and administer regattas within their established geographic regions.
MAISA organizes and regulates intercollegiate sailing in Ontario, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. 
The conference consists of fifty-five member universities.

</doc>
<doc id="6915703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915703" title="American University 12/13/70">
American University 12/13/70

American University 12/13/70 is a live album by the Allman Brothers Band. The first of a series of archival concert recordings from the Allman Brothers Band Recording Company, it features the group's original lineup. It was released in April 2002.
On December 13, 1970, the band played two concerts at American University in Washington, D.C. The first five songs on the album are from the late show, and the last two songs are from the early show.
Critical reception.
On AllMusic, William Ruhlmann said, "There is little new here, but the playing is fierce, especially the interaction of Duane Allman and Dickey Betts, and with a solid 20-plus-minute version of "Whipping Post", Allman Brothers Band fans should be pleased with the band's first self-released effort."
Alan Paul wrote in "Guitar World", "... the sudden appearance of a virtually unheard Duane-era ABB performance is big news, making it an excellent choice to debut the band's series of sanctioned, self-released archive CDs. It doesn't hurt, of course, that the band's December 13, 1970 performance was top notch."
Personnel.
The Allman Brothers Band
Production

</doc>
<doc id="6915704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915704" title="Kimber">
Kimber

Kimber is a name.

</doc>
<doc id="6915724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915724" title="Almajel">
Almajel



</doc>
<doc id="6915729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915729" title="Seal Our Fate">
Seal Our Fate

"Seal Our Fate" is a song by Cuban-American singer and songwriter Gloria Estefan, taken from her second solo album, "Into the Light" (1991). The song was written by Estefan, and produced by her husband Emilio Estefan, Jr., Clay Ostwald, and Jorge Casas. It was released as the album's second single by Epic Records on March 25, 1991. The 7-inch vinyl single in the UK was released as a "Limited Edition Tour Souvenir Pack" and the Latin American promo-single was released with the name of "Sella Nuestro Destino" that means the same in English, but the song was not in a Spanish version. Some remixes were made for the song, some of which were produced by John Hagg and Eric Schilling.
Critical reception.
Matthew Hocter from Albumism chose "Seal Our Fate" as one of three singles, that "truly stand out" of the album. Larry Flick from "Billboard" described it as an "upbeat, philosophical pop/rocker", noting further that Estefan "works up a respectable sweat amid an aggressive, guitar-driven arrangement." The Daily Vault's Mark Millan called it a "so-so pop-rocker" and picked the song as one of three "real hits" of the album, with "Live for Loving You" and "Coming Out of the Dark". Mario Tarradell from "Knight Ridder" felt the song is "a product of the accident", adding that Estefan "delivers her message — prepare for tomorrow because you never know what will happen next — with strong lyrics and a hard rock beat." David Quantick from "NME" complimented it as "absurdly catchy". A reviewer from "People Magazine" described it as "slightly funky".
Music video.
A music video for the song was released, and is one of Gloria's most choreographed ever videos, similar to the choreography made by Paula Abdul on her music-video "Cold Hearted." It became a hit since fans and followers of Estefan saw her recovered from her near-fatal accident. In the video she dances and follows a choreography for the song with the other dancers.
Pepsi commercial.
The song which was a moderate-hit was used for a 1991 Pepsi commercial that featured Estefan. The clip shows a student listening to (presumably) his teacher (Estefan), but then he drinks a Pepsi soda and turns on his walkman, which leads to his teacher turning into a rock star singing this song and the scenario being changed from the school to a concert stage where the singer is dancing and singing. The student then realizes he is only dreaming and pays attention back to the teacher, who at the end shuts an eye to the camera and the commercial ends with a Pepsi slogan.
Official versions.
Original versions
Remixes

</doc>
<doc id="6915734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915734" title="SOCOM-16">
SOCOM-16



</doc>
<doc id="6915740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915740" title="Albesti">
Albesti



</doc>
<doc id="6915741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915741" title="Aldesti">
Aldesti



</doc>
<doc id="6915744" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915744" title="Socom16">
Socom16



</doc>
<doc id="6915754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915754" title="Robert Howard McCard">
Robert Howard McCard



</doc>
<doc id="6915766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915766" title="J2O">
J2O

J2O is a still soft drink made from fruit juices. It is manufactured by Carlsberg Britvic and sold in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Its launch in 1998 was led by Sheraz Dar who joined Britvic in 1994, and was aimed at providing an alternative solution for people who were going out to bars and clubs but were not drinking alcoholic beverages. The name "J2O" is a pun on the chemical formula for water, H2O, chosen due to the drink's fruit juice content. The first flavours available were Orange &amp; Passion fruit, Apple &amp; Mango and Apple &amp; Melon, but the range has progressively grown since.
History.
In 2001, due to growing brand success, the J2O packaging was redesigned and a fourth flavour, Orange &amp; Cranberry, was introduced. In 2002, due to the brand's popularity within the on-trade sector, J2O was made available to the take-home market for the first time, with four-bottle packs being introduced into supermarkets and retail shops. The packaging was again changed in 2005, and Apple &amp; Raspberry was introduced.
On 2 August 2006, Britvic announced a promotional campaign designed to coincide with the Little Britain live tour. The campaign, named "J2O is in for a laugh" allows buyers to enter a competition to win one of 96 VIP tickets to see the Little Britain show.
As of 15 August 2007, J2O has been made available to bars, clubs, and restaurants in the Chicago area and is imported by Exotic Beverage Co.
In 2009, J2O introduced two new flavours, Grape &amp; Kiwi and Winter Berries. Both of these flavours were originally limited edition but have since been integrated into the range of permanent flavours. 2010 saw a major packaging redesign and the launch of the J2O White Blend range. Two flavours, one based on white grape, the other on red grape, are less sweet than the existing J2O flavours and are designed to complement food, in the same way that white and red wine does. Orange &amp; passion fruit and apple &amp; mango (the 2 most popular flavours) have been released in PET bottles.
In 2011, a limited edition flavour of J2O called "Glitter Berry" was brought out. Then in 2012, 2 further limited edition flavours, papaya punch and diamond berry were released. In 2013, a limited edition Pear Gold version was released for summer. In 2020, J2O won the Lausanne Index Prize - Supreme Award.
The Junior’s crew 2 Old Irish beats.
In November 2014, J2O launched a TV advert called Junior's crew 2 Old Irish beats, which featured contemporary London dance outfit Junior's Crew, break-dancing to a live Irish folk band called The Other Brothers. The TV advert was filmed in Stoke Newington Town Hall and debuted during The X-Factor on ITV1 (Nov 2014).
Flavours.
As of 2019, the J2O range of flavours includes:

</doc>
<doc id="6915768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915768" title="Mark Roberts (footballer, born 1975)">
Mark Roberts (footballer, born 1975)

Mark Roberts (born 29 October 1975 in Irvine) is a Scottish football player and coach.
Roberts' playing career was mainly based in Scottish football, with spells at Kilmarnock, Falkirk, Airdrieonians, Partick Thistle, St Mirren, Airdrie United and Ayr United. He also had a spell at Shelbourne in the Republic of Ireland. In 2012, Roberts was appointed player/manager of Ayr United, a position he held until his departure from the club in 2014. He then had a stint as head coach of Queen's Park.
Playing career.
Roberts spent his youth career with Bellfield Boys Club in Kilmarnock during the 1991–92 season. He signed for Kilmarnock F.C. at the start of the 1992–93 season and stayed for 8 seasons. Roberts made 101 league appearances and scored 15 league goals. During 1999, Roberts was loaned out to Raith Rovers by Kilmarnock, where he made 3 league appearances and scored one league goal.
Roberts signed for Falkirk at the start of the 2000–01 season and stayed for one season, where he made 25 league appearances and scored 9 league goals. He then signed for Airdrieonians at the start of the 2001–02 season and made 36 league appearances and scored 12 league goals. Airdrieonians went out of business at the end of the season. He then signed for Dublin club Shelbourne. He played in the League of Ireland Premier Division in the summer of 2002.
Roberts signed for Paisley club St Mirren in the January 2003 transfer window for the remainder of the 2002–03 season. He made 13 league appearances and scored 3 league goals for the Paisley club. Roberts signed for Airdrie United at the start of the 2003–04 season and stayed for two seasons, where he made 62 league appearances and scored 3 league goals.
Roberts signed for Partick Thistle at the start of the 2005–06 season. Roberts scored a brace in his first game against Dumbarton. Roberts scored 22 goals during his first season at Firhill, as Partick Thistle gained promotion to the Scottish First Division via the play-offs. Roberts was one of 5 nominees for the Scottish First Division Player of the Year Award for the 2006–07 season. Roberts made 104 league appearances for Partick Thistle in his 4 seasons at the club and scored 30 league goals, as well as 17 goals in other competitions. His 47 goals for Thistle ensured that the Jags fans would hold him in high regard long after he left the club, particularly as many saw him as the player that led Thistle to promotion to the First Division.
Roberts signed for Ayr United in January 2009. On 18 September 2010, Roberts made history when he scored three penalty kicks for Ayr in a league fixture with East Fife. Roberts was sent off after a confrontation whilst celebrating his third. On 18 January 2011, Roberts scored the goal that sent SPL side Hibernian out of the Scottish Cup.
On 27 February 2015, Roberts signed for Scottish League Two club Clyde, having already played three times for the club as a trialist.
After leaving a coaching role with Clyde in August 2016, Roberts resumed his playing career at Junior side Hurlford United. He left the club in August 2018 to become assistant manager at Queen's Park.
On 5 February 2020, Roberts rejoined Hurlford United before departing upon the expiry of his contract in the summer of 2020.
Roberts signed for Troon ahead of their debut in senior football in September 2020.
Coaching career.
Ayr United.
On 15 May 2012, it was announced that Ayr would not renew the contract of Brian Reid, and that Roberts would replace him as manager for the 2012–13 season. Despite, winning the League 1 manager of the month award in August of the same year, Roberts was sacked by Ayr United in December 2014, with the club sitting in ninth place out of 10 clubs in Scottish League One.
Queen's Park.
Roberts joined Queen's Park in August 2018 as an assistant to Gus MacPherson. After MacPherson left the club to join St. Mirren in September 2018 he took caretaker charge and was then appointed head coach on 12 October. Roberts left Queen's Park by mutual consent in December 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="6915769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915769" title="Piperi">
Piperi

Piperi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6915771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915771" title="Robinson Crusoe Island (Fiji)">
Robinson Crusoe Island (Fiji)

Robinson Crusoe Island is a tourism operation located off the southwest coast of the main island of Viti Levu, Fiji, and has a history dating back 3,500 years. The island is located near "Bourewa," an area that is believed to be the first site for human settlement in Fiji. A pottery site found on the island has been dated back to 1500 BC. Prior to resort development, Likuri Island was reserved as a location for ceremonies and Chiefly gatherings. The traditional owner of Likuri Island is the High Chief, Ka Levu Tui Nadroga and the chiefly family.
The island is more recently named after the story of Robinson Crusoe after a sailing yacht was wrecked on the nearby reef and the captain and his cat (coincidentally named Friday) took refuge on the island. The island is located in the estuary of the Tuva River, and coral reefs surround the island's seaside exposure, accessed by boat and abundant in Pacific fish, with snorkeling and scuba diving being frequent activities. On the landslide exposure, the island has some mangrove forests, and at its extremities soft sand bars and a lagoon bearing into the Pacific Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="6915773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915773" title="Dish and Dishonesty">
Dish and Dishonesty



</doc>
<doc id="6915774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915774" title="John Robertson (Scottish minister)">
John Robertson (Scottish minister)

John Robertson, (1768–1843) was Minister of Cambuslang from 1810 until his death. He was responsible for that Parish's entry in the Second Statistical Account of Scotland dated 1836, though he did not write it himself. (The text modestly contrasts ""the author of the present text" (actually, the Rev. William Patrick) with "the present venerable and learned incumbent of Cambuslang") 
He was nephew of the Scottish Enlightenment historian William Robertson, Principal of Edinburgh University.
Robertson was born , he was licensed by the Presbytery of Lanark on 8 May 1795, when he was made assistant to Dr Meek, his predecessor. He was ordained as assistant minister on 22 August 1797 and took over the Parish as Minister in 1810 on the death of Dr Meek. His one publication, "Lay Preaching indefensible on Scriptural Principles"," appeared in octavo form, in Glasgow, 1800 followed swiftly by a pamphlet rebutting criticism of his arguments. In 1813 he married "Sarah", eldest daughter of "William Shaw", bookseller, Glasgow. He had two sons, both educated at Glasgow University. The elder, "William", was Minister of Monivaird in Strathearn from 1843 until his death in 1864. He was a composer of many hymns, including ""A little child the saviour came". The younger son, "Alexander", became a "clerk"" in the Glasgow Royal Infirmary, and later died from a wound he received while assisting at a dissection. He also had four daughters one of whom, "Elizabeth" died along with her mother, in 1831, possibly of cholera. We know the name of another daughter, "Joanna", who survived and married.
Glasgow University conferred the degree of D.D upon "Mr Robertson" in 1826, possibly in recognition of his work among the poor. In 1826, he argued for and secured a contract to improve the Turnpike Road giving work to the unemployed. He was in ill health from at least 1833 and often had to call on fellow ministers for help. The last Kirk Session which he chaired personally was 2 January 1842. He died 2 February 1843, some four months before an historical split in the Church of Scotland. He had received his own post as minister from the Patronage of the Duke of Hamilton, so he may not have been in sympathy with those who left the Church on this issue. Neither do his publications seem to indicate he would have been on the side of the secessionists. These became the Free Church of Scotland part of which eventually re-united with the Church of Scotland in 1929. He is buried in the churchyard.
The current Church building - "Cambuslang Old Parish Church" - was built during his ministry. (The entry in the Statistical Account complains about the state of the church and manse in 1836). There were also extensive alterations in 1896.
"Dr Robertson's" assistant was the "Rev William Bain" - a versifier given to making fun of the church members.

</doc>
<doc id="6915778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915778" title="Coniston Fells">
Coniston Fells



</doc>
<doc id="6915781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915781" title="Dilemma story">
Dilemma story

A dilemma story (also dilemma tale) is an African story-form intended to provoke discussion. They are used as a form of both entertainment and instruction. Unlike many other story forms, which culminate in a firm conclusion, dilemma stories are open ended, and meant to spark conversation and debate. According to Alta Jablow, "certain of the stories serve as devices for teaching ethics and attitudes in personal relationships. How should friends act toward each other? What is the greatest act of filial piety? What constitutes cleverness? Though the questions may not always be explicit in the tale, the discussions leading up to a solution will point up such basic values as these."
William R. Bascom provided several examples of dilemma stories in his 1975 book, "African Dilemma Tales," including this story, "the Missing Eye," from the Bura people:
There were four blind people: a man, his mother, his wife, and his mother-in-law. On a journey the man found seven eyes. He gave his wife two eyes and took two for himself. He gave one eye to his mother and one to his wife's mother. "He had one eye left in his hand. 'Kai,' a stalling thing had happened. Here was his mother with her one eye looking at him. There was his wife's mother with her one eye looking at him. To whom should he give the one eye he had left? If he gives it to his mother, he will be ashamed before his wife's mother, and before his wife, because both of them are looking at him. If he gives it to his wife's mother, he fears the heart of his mother, because a mother is not something to be played with. This is very difficult indeed; what shall he do? Here is the sweetness of his wife, and the sweetness of his mother. Which would be easier? If this thing would come to you, which would you choose? Your mother or your wife's mother-- choose! This is a real problem. Dare any man choose?"

</doc>
<doc id="6915793" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915793" title="Dilemma tale">
Dilemma tale



</doc>
<doc id="6915807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915807" title="The Hill of Devi">
The Hill of Devi

The Hill of Devi is an account by E. M. Forster of two visits to India in 1912–1913 and 1921, during which he worked as the private secretary to Tukojirao III, the Maharaja of the state of Dewas Senior. The book was first published in 1953 and is dedicated to Forster's friend, the Indian Civil Service administrator Malcolm Lyall Darling with whom he had been a contemporary at King's College, Cambridge as a student.
Forster derived inspiration for the book from Dewas's famous hill-top temple Dewas Tekri of the Hindu Mother Goddess "Devi". The story is based in pre-independence India in an undistinguished kingdom in the central part of the country, Dewas. The book offers an insight into the life of Indian royalty as it skillfully revolves around the internal feud between two scions of the ruling family of Dewas. The 1924 novel "A Passage to India" could be read along with this book.
The hill is immediately north of the old town in Dewas, at 22.97 degrees north, 76.06 degrees east.

</doc>
<doc id="6915808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915808" title="Semi-auto ak">
Semi-auto ak



</doc>
<doc id="6915809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915809" title="Robinson-Crusoe Island (Fiji)">
Robinson-Crusoe Island (Fiji)



</doc>
<doc id="6915816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915816" title="AK clone">
AK clone



</doc>
<doc id="6915823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915823" title="Strawberry Banks">
Strawberry Banks

Strawberry Banks () is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1993.
This is a Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust nature reserve. The banks are thought to have once been used to grow strawberries, hence the name, and be the crash site of a Second World War German bomber. Strawberry Banks adjoins the Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust Three Groves Wood nature reserve and lies on the west-facing slopes of a small valley in the Cotswolds between the villages of France Lynch and Oakridge. The site is roughly 5 km (3 miles) east of Stroud. Strawberry Banks and Three Groves Wood are part of a group of nature reserves in Stroud's Golden Valley.
The site supports a large population of the marsh fritillary butterfly, and it is also one of the few sites in Britain at which the oil beetle "Meloe rugosus" occurs.
Species.
Further information is in the nature reserves handbook. This oolitic limestone grassland supports a variety of plants and animals. These include the greater butterfly-orchid, bee orchid, common spotted orchid, wild columbine, common rock-rose, milkwort, kidney vetch, wild thyme, yellow rattle and devil's bit scabious during May and June. Green-winged orchid, cowslip, early purple orchid, wood anemone, hairy violet and bluebell can be seen early in the year. In late summer pyramidal orchid, autumn gentian, clustered bellflower, Carline thistle, betony, yellow-wort, marjoram, zigzag clover, small scabious and Dyer's greenweed flower.
This site supports sainfoin, a fodder crop, which was sown many years ago on this and many other Cotswold grasslands.
There are areas of hawthorn, hazel, ash, pedunculate oak, holly and blackthorn scrub. Toothwort, nettle-leaved bellflower, woodruff and sanicle may be found in these areas. A stream, edged with trees and shrubs, runs along the bottom of the banks where meadowsweet, ramsons (wood garlic), brooklime and water figwort may be found.
The site is known for its invertebrate life, including notably marsh fritillary. Other butterflies include small blue, green hairstreak, chalkhill blue, Duke of Burgundy, marbled white, silver-washed fritillary, grizzled skipper, comma and brown argus. Roman snails, heath snail and a rare oil beetle "Meloe rugosus" are present.
Conservation.
The banks have been gently grazed by horses and ponies since 1969, which has helped to maintain the grassland. There is regular cutting of invasive scrub and some of the large beeches at the edge of Three Groves Wood have been felled to increase the area of grassland. This is done to enhance the species rich sward.
Walks.
There is a publication which details walks for recreation and observing wildlife in the Golden Valley. This includes information on Strawberry Banks and four other nearby nature reserves being Three Groves Wood, Siccaridge Wood, Daneway Banks SSSI and Sapperton Valley. The walk also includes other ancient woodland at "Peyton's Grove", Oakridge village, Bakers Mill and Reservoir, Ashmeads Spring, and part of the route of the old Thames and Severn Canal.

</doc>
<doc id="6915824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915824" title="Gwendoline Porter">
Gwendoline Porter

Gwendoline Alice Porter (25 April 190229 August 1993) was a British track and field athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres. 
Biography.
She was born in Ilford, London. She worked in the head office of an insurance company.
In 1922 she participated at the Women's Olympiad in Paris and won the gold medal in the 4×110 yds relay (with Mary Lines, Nora Callebout, Daisy Leach and Porter as fourth runner) setting a new world record.
Porter finished third behind Nellie Halstead in the 100 yards event at the 1931 WAAA Championships and third behind Ethel Johnson in the 100 yards event at the 1932 WAAA Championships.
Shortly afterwards, she was one of five women entered by the Women's Amateur Athletic Association at the 1932 Los Angeles Summer Olympics as Britain's first female Olympians in athletics events, together with Ethel Johnson, Eileen Hiscock, Nellie Halstead, and seventeen-year-old Violet Webb. They sailed for five days from Southampton to Quebec and then travelled a further 3000 miles by train before arriving in Los Angeles. In the 4 x 100 metres women's relay she won the bronze medal with her teammates Eileen Hiscock, Violet Webb (replacing the injured Johnson) and Nellie Halstead. In the women's 100 metres she came 4th in her heat.

</doc>
<doc id="6915833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915833" title="Kenny Arthur">
Kenny Arthur

Kenneth James Arthur (born 7 December 1978) is a Scottish former professional footballer and is currently goalkeeping coach of Partick Thistle.
He played from 1996 to 2015 and represented Partick Thistle, Accrington Stanley, Rochdale, Grimsby Town, Gainsborough Trinity, Airdrie United and Annan Athletic. He also part owns the sporting brand Kaliaaer, which designs and manufactures goalkeeping equipment.
Career.
Partick Thistle.
Arthur came through the youth ranks with Partick Thistle in 1996. During Partick Thistle's spell in the Scottish Premier League between 2002 and 2004, Arthur was recognised by the Scotland national team manager of the time Berti Vogts. He was in the squad for the home game against Iceland and for the away game in Lithuania.
In the 2003–04 season, Arthur found his first team place in danger, with the signing of Jákup Mikkelsen. Eventually, Arthur would retain his first team place, leading to Mikkelsen's departure In March 2004, Arthur was dropped from the Partick Thistle first team, when he was placed on the bench, against Aberdeen.
2006–07 was Arthur's testimonial year at Partick Thistle and it was marked by a golf day and a match at Firhill Stadium versus Celtic in which Thistle hero Chic Charnley equalised from 25 yards in the last minute. Arthur played more than 275 games for Partick Thistle. However, during the season, Arthur was more often second choice, behind Northern Irish goalkeeper Jonathan Tuffey. At the end of the season, Arthur was released by the club, ending an eleven-year stay.
Five years on, Arthur revealed he did not get to say goodbye to the club when he left.
Accrington Stanley.
Arthur joined Accrington Stanley in 2007, where he remained for two years. On the opening game of the season, Arthur made his debut in a 1–0 win over Wycombe Wanderers. Having retained his first team place at Stanley, Arthur soon suffered a broken leg in a 3–0 win over Bradford City. After four months out, Arthur made his return in a 1–0 win over Rotherham United. After returning from injury, Arthur continued to keep his first team place and at the end of the season, signed a new one-year after the club exercised their option to extend his stay.
The next season, Arthur continued to keep his first team place until injuring his kidney in a match against Lincoln City after clashing with a Lincoln player and was expected to be out for four-six weeks. Arthur made his return in a 1–1 draw against Bradford on 17 January 2009. At the end of the season Arthur left the club, although this was at a time of financial difficulties for Accrington who were nearly wound up by HMRC for failing to pay tax bills which were reported to total over £300,000. At the time of his departure it was reported by local press that the financial problems the club were experiencing played a part in convincing Arthur that he had to leave. Accrington supporters were sorry to see Kenny go and many still regard him as one of the best goalkeepers that the club has ever had.
Rochdale.
In 2009, he joined Rochdale, playing 15 times in the club's campaign which eventually saw them promoted to Football League One. In the first three-months of the season, Arthur was the first choice goalkeeper but soon lost his first team place to loan signing's Tom Heaton and Frank Fielding. At the end of the season, Arthur was placed on the transfer list.
Grimsby Town.
Arthur signed a two-year deal with Grimsby Town on 8 June 2010 taking the number one spot from Nick Colgan. Grimsby who had suffered a goalkeeping crisis in both the past two seasons saw the new seasons preparations stall when Arthur injured his hamstring in the club's defeat against Rushden &amp; Diamonds. Incidentally an injury to his understudy Colgan meant that goalkeeping coach Steve Croudson was called up to replace Arthur for at least one game before Sheffield Wednesday's Richard O'Donnell was signed. Arthur returned to action on 20 September, against Fleetwood Town only to injure his thumb in the warm up, meaning O'Donnell was forced to fill in once again.
Throughout his first year at the club, several injury problems meant he missed small chunks of the season. In the summer of 2011, Grimsby signed James McKeown as back-up keeper to Arthur but following the pre-season, McKeown became the favoured shot stopper at Blundell Park. On 3 November 2011, Arthur was loaned to Conference North side Gainsborough Trinity on an initial one-month loan, following injuries to Trinity's keepers Phil Barnes and Andrew Pettinger. After one month, his loan spell was extended once again. In January 2012, Arthur's loan spell at the club was ended and he returned to Grimsby Town.
In January 2012, Arthur was told he could leave Blundell Park if a Scottish club wanted to sign him on a free transfer. Arthur had his contract cancelled by mutual consent on 18 April 2012.
Airdrie United.
Kenny Arthur signed for Airdrie United on 20 June 2012 on an initial one-year deal. On the opening game of the season, Arthur made his debut in a 4–1 win over Dumbarton and on 20 October 2012, Arthur conceded all of the goals in a 7–0 loss against his former club Partick Thistle. He left Airdrie United in May 2013.
Annan Athletic.
In July 2013, Arthur signed for Annan Athletic and made his debut in the club's pre-season victory over Carlisle United. In July 2014, Arthur announced his retirement from football.
Queen of the South.
Arthur joined Dumfries club Queen of the South as goalkeeping coach in the 2014/15 season. He was named as a substitute for the game at Livingston on 25 October 2014 when the reserve goalkeeper was injured and the age group goalkeepers were unavailable.
Career statistics.
Sources:
International career.
Arthur received a late call-up to the Scotland national team alongside Maurice Ross of Rangers in April 2003 for a friendly against Austria after an injury forced Rab Douglas and Paul Lambert to withdraw, but he didn't feature.
He was capped for the Scotland B team against the Northern Ireland B team at Firhill, coming on as a substitute.
Personal life.
In January 2008, Arthur launched KA Goalkeeping, a website which sold KA goalkeeper gloves. As of 2016, KA goalkeeping and The brand Kaliaaer merged to continue as one entity (Kaliaaer) which he is partner.

</doc>
<doc id="6915834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915834" title="Whiteford Sands">
Whiteford Sands

Whiteford Sands is a two-mile expanse of beach on the northern side of the Gower Peninsula, south Wales. It is the most northerly beach on Gower and sits on the edge of the Loughor estuary.
The beach has no direct access by car. Visitors have to park near the village of Llanmadoc, and make their way on foot via country paths. Its relative inaccessibility compared to many other beaches in the Gower makes it a very quiet beach. The beach is popular amongst naturists
The cast iron Whiteford Lighthouse is situated in the bay at Whiteford Sands.
Whiteford Sands / Whitford Sands is a stretch of coastline which includes Llanmadoc Beach, the local beach to the village of Llanmadoc and which is separated from Broughton Beach at high tide by Prissens, Hill, and Cwm Ivy Tors. This area includes some of the most beautiful woodland in Gower.
Whiteford Burrows is the dune system backing Whiteford Sands further inland. Whiteford Burrows is a National Trust property containing a dune and pine plantation and is classified as a national nature reserve.

</doc>
<doc id="6915844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915844" title="The Axe Attack">
The Axe Attack



</doc>
<doc id="6915854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915854" title="Old Seaboard Air Line Railway Station">
Old Seaboard Air Line Railway Station



</doc>
<doc id="6915859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915859" title="Rachel Elkind-Tourre">
Rachel Elkind-Tourre

Rachel Elkind-Tourre (born February 23, 1939) is an American classical musician, record producer and composer. She produced the work of Wendy Carlos, most notably the bestselling 1968 album "Switched-On Bach".
Elkind grew up in San Francisco. She moved to New York City hoping to be a jazz singer.
Elkind worked closely with Carlos from 1967 to 1980, when she moved to France with her husband, Yves Tourre. Carlos considers Elkind's contribution to her work underappreciated, calling her "a 'silent' partner" and her work "critical to my success". Elkind's singing voice was processed via a vocoder on several Carlos recordings. She is also credited as co-composer for "The Shining" film score.
She also produced the album "One Voice Many" by the rock band Michaelangelo in 1971 for Columbia Records.

</doc>
<doc id="6915860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915860" title="Wainlode Cliff">
Wainlode Cliff

Wainlode Cliff () is a privately owned 1.3 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1954. It overlooks Hasfield Ham.
Geology.
This an historic locality which was first described in 1842 and shows a seven-metre section of Rhaetian age. The site mains the regional two-fold division of Westbury and Cotham Beds. The Insect Limestone, which is a productive source of insects, defines the base of the Lias.
Boats and fishing.
Seasonal fishing beneath the cliff as well as the use of boats on the river are allowed with a permit.

</doc>
<doc id="6915863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915863" title="J.A. Enterprises">
J.A. Enterprises



</doc>
<doc id="6915868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915868" title="List of ABC television affiliates (table)">
List of ABC television affiliates (table)

The American Broadcasting Company is a television network based in the United States made up of eight owned-and-operated stations and nearly 226 network affiliates.
Stations are listed in alphabetical order by city of license.

</doc>
<doc id="6915869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915869" title="Rachel Elkind">
Rachel Elkind



</doc>
<doc id="6915876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915876" title="Oisin McConville">
Oisin McConville



</doc>
<doc id="6915892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915892" title="Karsiborska Kępa">
Karsiborska Kępa

Karsiborska Kępa (formerly ) is an island near Świnoujście in north-western Poland. It is also the name of a nature reserve and bird sanctuary on the island.
The island is known for being possibly the most important breeding area for the aquatic warbler. OTOP, the Polish Society for the Protection of Birds bought 1.8 square kilometres of the island. The whole island covers some 3 km2 and is the only reserve owned by OTOP. The number of aquatic warblers on the island depends on the water level and the available vegetation. There were between 55 singing males in the late 1990s. The island consists of large meadows, pastures, and it has large reed beds. Numerous other breeding birds include: marsh and Montagu's harriers, Eurasian curlew, common redshank and bearded tit. Other species include white-tailed eagle, black kite and lesser spotted eagle. On passage there are numerous flocks of geese, waterfowl, cranes and waders. The other forms of wildlife include wild boar and occasionally otter. The site is frequented by birders and is placed ideally for those driving to Poland via Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="6915901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915901" title="Germain's peacock-pheasant">
Germain's peacock-pheasant

The Germain's peacock-pheasant (Polyplectron germaini) is a pheasant in the family Phasianidae endemic to Indochina. The name commemorates the French colonial army's veterinary surgeon Louis Rodolphe Germain.
Description.
The bird is a medium-sized, approximately long, brownish dark pheasant with finely spotted buff, short crest, bare red facial skin, brown iris and purplish-blue ocelli on upperbody plumage and half of its tail of twenty feathers. Both sexes are similar. The female has eighteen tail feathers and is smaller than the male.
Taxonomy.
The phylogeny of this species is somewhat enigmatic. mtDNA cytochrome "b" and D-loop as well as the nuclear ovomucoid intron G data confirms that it belongs to a clade together with the grey peacock-pheasant, but also the "brown" southernly species bronze-tailed peacock-pheasant and mountain peacock-pheasant. Biogeography suggests that it may indeed be the most ancient form in its clade, speciating parapatrically or peripatrically in Cochinchina (Kimball "et al." 2001). This probably took place in the Late Pliocene, roughly 4-3 mya.
Distribution and habitat.
The Germain's peacock-pheasant is endemic to southern Indochina. It is found in the seasonal tropical forests of mid-southern Vietnam and far eastern Cambodia; it can be found readily in Cat Tien National Park. The female usually lays two creamy-white eggs.
Status and conservation.
Due to ongoing habitat loss and limited range, the Germain's peacock-pheasant is evaluated as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is listed on Appendix II of CITES.

</doc>
<doc id="6915902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915902" title="Honister Slate Mine">
Honister Slate Mine

The Honister Slate Mine in Cumbria is the last working slate mine in England. Quarrying for Westmorland green slate has been taking place in the area since the late 17th century. Apart from the mining it is also a popular tourist attraction in the Lake District National Park.
History.
Opencast quarrying had been carried out at Honister since the late 17th century.
19th century.
By 1870 Honister's underground workings stretched under Honister Crag with intermediate workings on the opposite side of the valley at Yew Crags. There were smaller-scale underground workings on Dubbs Moor, together with a small opencast quarry. Packhorse teams were used to remove the finished slate on sleds from mines. This involved bringing the loads down steep paths that traversed the cliffs to the top of Honister Pass (The Hause). Dubbs mine was known for its "smaller metal" (metal being the terminology for slate), in that smaller pieces of slate (thus smaller slates) were obtainable due to the geology; but this did give rise to some instability.
In 1879 the mine's new owners - who also leased and operated other quarries in Borrowdale - installed self-acting inclines to serve both the Honister and Yew Crags mines. Despite the cost to build these feats of engineering, the financial outlay was justified as they improved efficiency in the mines. For instance the Dubbs Quarry incline allowed slate to be pulled up and then down into the valley to The Hause.
By 1888 production had reached 2,598 tons a year.
20th century.
The mines reverted to care and maintenance for a while due to labour shortages in First World War. However it did not take long for production to recommence after the cessation of hostilities. By 1926, following a change of management and a new Resident Director, Robin Hoare, the mine's fortunes began to improve with significantly increased production. Considerable modifications were undertaken throughout the quarries, such as the works at The Hause being electrified with two Ruston 4-cylinder diesel generators.
The new Kimberley Mine was started from the Road End Level, with a substantial long electrically powered incline. Work also began to implement a proposal (that had first been suggested in the mid-1890s) to drive a level through to the Dubbs Quarries. About of level was completed before the project was shelved in favour of further developing the more significant workings under Honister Crag. In 1932, Dubbs Quarry ceased production largely due to the difficulties and slowness of transporting finished slate.
Despite an enforced closure from 1943 to 1945 during the Second World War production continued through the 1950s and 1960s although Yew Crag mine closed at that time due to difficult roof conditions.
Closure.
In 1981, all the quarries of the Buttermere &amp; Westmorland Green Slate Co. Ltd. were acquired by B. R. Moore and his father, R. D. Moore. The pair introduced a programme of improvement and a large amount of capital investment was undertaken. This included the installation of rail-borne EIM-Co Rockershovels, battery locomotives, improved rolling stock and increased specialist underground mechanisation and systems (the Moores were helped by their General Manager, Jim Peart, of Weardale mining - previously manager of the Burtree Pasture, Rookhope, and Stanhope Burn lead and fluorspar mines).
In 1985 the Moore family sold the company and its quarries to Alfred McAlpine plc which also owned Penrhyn Quarry in Bethesda, North Wales. McAlpine used an earlier planning permission to open a new opencast (on the Dubbs side of Honister Crag), on the Honister Vein some from the Hopper Opencast (Kimberley Vein), which was then infilled with waste from the new workings. In 1989 McAlpine ceased operations at all the quarries. Only care and maintenance was undertaken.
Reopening &amp; resurgence.
In 1997 the mine was reopened by local businessman, Mark Weir, who redeveloped the mining side - producing small quantities of roofing slate - and who also turned the site into a tourist attraction.
A narrow gauge industrial railway was used to assist in the slate extraction process.
Attractions around the mine complex include a visitor centre, underground tours of the workings, and England's first via ferrata, where participants use a safety harness to scale a cliff path. This attraction proved to be very popular and in 2011 was awarded winner of "best tourism experience in the Lake District" by Cumbria Tourism. Using the original miners' track up the steep outer incline of Fleetwith Pike is both physically and mentally challenging.
Zip wire.
Honister Mine featured in the 2011 BBC television programme "Tales from the National Park". It followed owner Mark Weir, and his attempt to open a zip wire from the top of Fleetwith Pike to the mine below. Weir died in a helicopter crash in March 2011 (during the making of the programme). He had been trying to obtain planning permission for the proposed zip wire. His business was also facing a prosecution on the part of Natural England in respect of damage to plants within a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest (Honister Crag SSSI). The damage was related to an unapproved extension to the via ferrata which Weir had initiated. 
A 2012 planning application for the zip wire was refused by the Lake District National Park Authority on the grounds of impact, despite support from explorer and Lake District resident Chris Bonington and notable business and tourism organisations.
Permission was granted for the long zip wire in 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="6915904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915904" title="William Robert Smith">
William Robert Smith

William Robert Smith (August 18, 1863 – August 16, 1924) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician who served seven terms as a United States representative from Texas from 1903 to 1917. He also served as a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas from 1917 to 1924.
Education and career.
Born on August 18, 1863, near Tyler in Smith County, Texas, Smith attended the country schools, then graduated from Sam Houston Normal Institute (now Sam Houston State University) in 1883 and read law in 1885. He was admitted to the bar and entered private practice in Tyler from 1885 to 1888, then moved in February 1888 to Colorado City, Mitchell County, Texas and continued private practice from 1888 to 1897. He was a Judge of the Texas District Court for the Thirty-Second Judicial District from 1897 to 1903.
Congressional service.
Smith was elected as a Democrat to the United States House of Representatives of the 58th United States Congress and to the six succeeding Congresses, serving from March 4, 1903, to March 3, 1917. He was Chairman of the Committee on Irrigation of Arid Lands in the 62nd through 64th United States Congresses. He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1916. He moved to El Paso, Texas in October 1916 and returned to the private practice of law.
Federal judicial service.
Smith was nominated by President Woodrow Wilson on April 11, 1917, to the United States District Court for the Western District of Texas, to a new seat authorized by 39 Stat. 938. He was confirmed by the United States Senate on April 12, 1917, and received his commission the same day. His service terminated on August 16, 1924, due to his death in El Paso, Texas. He was interred in Evergreen Cemetery in El Paso.

</doc>
<doc id="6915905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915905" title="The Axeman">
The Axeman



</doc>
<doc id="6915907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915907" title="Cerebral portion">
Cerebral portion



</doc>
<doc id="6915911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915911" title="Nellie Halstead">
Nellie Halstead

Nellie Halstead (19 September 1910 – 11 November 1991) was an English track and field athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. There is a running track named after her in Radcliffe.
Biography.
Halstead was born in Radcliffe, Lancashire and died in Bury. She was a member of Bury Athletic Club and Radcliffe Athletic Club.
Halstead became national 220 yards champion after winning the British WAAA Championships title at the 1930 WAAA Championships in a world record time of 25.2 sec. The following year, Halstead won three WAAA titles, retaining her 220 yards crown and also becoming national 100 yards champion and national 440 yards champion at the 1931 WAAA Championships.
She won gold medals in the 60 metres and 200 metres at the Olympics of Grace in 1931. Halstead continued her success by retaining her 200 and 440 yards titles at the 1932 WAAA Championships and winning the 400 metres title at the 1933 WAAA Championships.
She competed for Great Britain as one of Britain's first women track Olympians in the 1932 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, where in the 4×100 metres she won the bronze medal with her team mates Eileen Hiscock, Gwendoline Porter and Violet Webb (replacing the injured Ethel Johnson).
At the 1934 Empire Games she was a member of the England relay team which won the gold medal in the 110-220-110 yards relay event and the silver medal in the 220-110-220-110 yards relay competition (with Eileen Hiscock, Halstead, Ethel Johnson and Ivy Walker). In the 220 yards she won the bronze medal.
Halstead won further WAAA titles in the 800 metres at the 1935 WAAA Championships in a national record time of 2:15.6 and at the 1938 WAAA Championships and a 400 metres title at the 1937 WAAA Championships.
According to historian Jean Williams, Halstead also played as a centre forward for the Dick, Kerr's Ladies football team.
She also competed in the 1.9-mile women's race before the International Cross Country Championships, winning the title for England.
Personal life.
At the 1934 Games, her sibling Edwin Halstead (then "Edith Halstead") also won a silver medal.

</doc>
<doc id="6915912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915912" title="N. G. Ranga">
N. G. Ranga

"Acharya" Gogineni Ranga Nayukulu (7 November 1900 – 9 June 1995), also known as N. G. Ranga, was an Indian freedom fighter, classical liberal, parliamentarian and farmers' leader. He was the founding president of the Swatantra Party, and an exponent of the peasant philosophy. He received the Padma Vibhushan award for his contributions to the Peasant Movement. N.G. Ranga served in the Indian Parliament for six decades, from 1930 to 1991.
Early life.
Ranga was born in Nidubrolu village in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh to a Kamma family. He went to school in his native village, and graduated from the Andhra-Christian College, Guntur. He received a BLitt degree in Economics from the University of Oxford in 1926. Upon his return to India, he started teaching as a professor of economics at Pachaiyappa's College, Madras (Chennai).
In Oxford, Ranga was influenced by the works of H. G. Wells, Sydney Webb, Bertrand Russell, and John Stuart Mill. Initially attracted to guild socialism in Europe, the progress of the USSR would turn him into a Marxist. Later, the Stalinist oppression of peasants and forced collectivization in the 1930s drove Ranga away from the Marxist fold.
Ranga met Mahatma Gandhi in Madras and was so impressed that he joined the civil disobedience movement in 1929. He became part of mainstream politics with his entry in the central assembly in 1930. He opposed the Simon Commission report and participated in the first Round Table Conference in London.
Based on methodology of the British Labour Party's political school, he went on to establish similar schools in Andhra to turn peasants into politically conscious citizens. The first Andhra Farmers’ School was opened in 1934 at his native village Nidubrolu.
Freedom movement.
Ranga joined the freedom movement inspired by Gandhi's clarion call in 1930. He led the ryot (peasant) agitation in 1933. He wrote a book, "Bapu Blesses (బాపూ దీవెనలు)," about his discussions with Gandhi.
In the course of the Indian freedom struggle, he led the historic Ryot Agitation of Andhra in 1933. His pro-peasantry advocacy was reflected in his support of the farmers’ agitation against the zamindari oppression at Venkatagiri. He convinced Gandhi to support the movement, despite opposition from other members of Congress. The peasant movement gradually intensified and spread across the rest of India. All of these radical developments on the peasant front culminated in the formation of the All India Kisan Sabha (AIKS) at the Lucknow session of the Indian National Congress in April 1936, with Sahajanda Saraswati elected as its first president and Ranga as a general secretary. The Kisan Manifesto, which was released in August 1936, demanded the abolition of the zamindari system and the cancellation of rural debts.
Ranga continuously organized farmers of the region. Along with his wife, Bharathi Devi, he associated himself with the Satyagraha (1940) and the Quit India Movement (1942), and also played a decisive role in connecting peasants with the national liberation movement. He was elected as a member of the Constituent Assembly in 1946 and became a member of the Provisional Parliament of India until after the first elections under the new constitution in 1952.
Contributions to literature.
Ranga wrote multiple books, one of them being "Bapu Blesses," regarding his discussions with Gandhi. Ranga's academic publications were mostly written about the conditions of peasants and laborers in the countryside. Known as Rythu Ranga and Coolie Ranga, he fought against both the colonial and socialist Indian state to ensure dignity for farmers. He wrote other books on diverse subjects like the credo of world peasantry, economic organization of Indian villages, and the Indian adult education movement.
Publications.
Ranga published 65 books in English, including:
He also published 15 books in Telugu, including:
Political career.
In 1951, in a closely contested presidential election of the Andhra Pradesh Congress Committee, Ranga was defeated by Neelam Sanjiva Reddy. Due to ideological differences, Ranga and Tanguturi Prakasam resigned from Congress and organized the Hyderabad State Praja Party, which was further split into the Krishikar Lok Party (KLP) for peasants, under the leadership of Ranga as the president. KLP contested the 1951 Lok Sabha elections, winning one seat. KLP also contested the 1952 Madras Legislative Assembly election and won 15 seats. In the 1955 Andhra State Legislative Assembly election, Congress, Praja Party and KLP formed an alliance and KLP won 22 seats. After the election, on the request of Nehru, Ranga merged KLP with the Congress party. He was elected to Congress in the 1957 general election from Tenali Lok Sabha constituency.
Swatantra Party.
Ranga's differences with Nehru were visible from the beginning. As part of the Kumarappa Committee on land reforms, he did not support land ceiling measures. Ranga was also opposed to the whole socialist apparatus of the Five-Year Plans and Planning Commission. He refused to join Nehru's cabinet when offered a ministerial berth. In response to Nehru's advocacy of cooperative farming, Ranga mobilized lakhs of peasants in Machilipatnam to oppose the abolition of property rights by the state. The 1959 Nagpur Resolution of INC was the final straw. The socialists in Congress proposed cooperative farming to emulate Mao's collectivization drive. The threat to property rights in an increasingly socialist India galvanized a disparate set of anti-Congress leaders to come together and form the Swatantra Party. Ranga became the party's first president.
As a Swatantrite parliamentarian, Ranga's advocacy of liberty was most visible during the debates over the proposed 17th amendment in 1964. The amendment would empower state governments to acquire land from ordinary farmers without paying for it. Ranga's rousing speech in Parliament against the bill led to its defeat. Ranga's concern for farmers’ welfare was recognized by Nehru, who said, "As long as Rangaji is in Parliament, the Indian peasants could sleep without any worry." On the question of his opposition to Nehru, Ranga clarified: "It was for the freedom of the peasants and in defense of dharma. I’ve visualized the resulting implications of his anti-farmer policies. Knowing fully well that opposing Pandit Nehru can be politically dangerous to me, I performed my duty in defense of my convictions."
Later years.
The dissident parties, the Congress (O), Jan Sangh and the Samyukta Socialist Party, formed an alliance with Swatantra Party called the National Democratic Front and fought against the Indian National Congress led by Indira Gandhi in the 1971 Indian general elections. After facing the massive defeat of his Swatantra party in the elections, Ranga rejoined the Indian National Congress and supported Indira Gandhi, to advance his goal of uplifting peasants.
Ranga worked as a member of the Congress Working Committee (CWC 1975–85), and Deputy Leader of Congress Parliamentary Party (1980–1991).
Global policy.
He was one of the signatories of the agreement to convene a convention for drafting a world constitution. As a result, for the first time in human history, a World Constituent Assembly convened to draft and adopt the Constitution for the Federation of Earth.
Death.
Ranga died on 9 June 1995. Prime Minister P. V. Narasimha Rao said that when Ranga died, the country lost an outstanding parliamentarian who was a champion of public causes and rural peasants. The Andhra Pradesh government declared a 3-day state mourning period.

</doc>
<doc id="6915928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915928" title="Deborah Frisch">
Deborah Frisch



</doc>
<doc id="6915930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915930" title="Grandpa's Magical Toys (Wee Sing)">
Grandpa's Magical Toys (Wee Sing)



</doc>
<doc id="6915931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915931" title="Princess Donna Marina Torlonia di Civitella-Cesi">
Princess Donna Marina Torlonia di Civitella-Cesi



</doc>
<doc id="6915934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915934" title="John C Heenan">
John C Heenan



</doc>
<doc id="6915937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915937" title="List of programs broadcast by Boomerang">
List of programs broadcast by Boomerang

This is a list of television programs broadcast by Boomerang in the United States.
Current programming.
This is a list of programs currently airing on Boomerang's schedule as of . A few of the programs are being run concurrently with Cartoon Network.
An asterisk (*) indicates that the program is also airing on MeTV Toons.
Two asterisks (**) indicate that the program is also airing on Discovery Family.
Former programming.
A list of shows that have formerly ran on Boomerang. It does not include specials that are often part of a programming block.
An asterisk (*) indicate that the program is now airing on MeTV Toons.
Two asterisks (**) indicate that the program is now airing on Discovery Family.
Digital content.
A list of shows that were only made available on Boomerang's SVOD subscription service prior to its shutdown in September 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6915942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915942" title="Newar Buddhism">
Newar Buddhism

Newar Buddhism is a form of Vajrayana Buddhism practiced by the Newar people of the Kathmandu Valley, Nepal. It has developed unique socio-religious elements, which include a non-monastic Buddhist society based on the Newar caste system and patrilineality. 
Although there was a vibrant regional tradition of Buddhism in the Kathmandu Valley during the first millennium, the transformation into a distinctive cultural and linguistic form of Buddhism appears to have taken place in the fifteenth century, at about the same time that similar regional forms of Indic Buddhism such as those of Kashmir and Indonesia were on the wane.
 
Avalokiteśvara, Nepal, 16th century CE.
A Vajracharya priest of Newar community.
Castes.
Its caste system has a non-celibate religious clergy caste formed of vajracharya (who perform rituals for others) and "shakya" (who perform rituals mostly within their own families). Other Buddhist Newar castes like the Urāy act as patrons. Urāy also patronise Tibetan Vajrayana, Theravadin, and even Japanese clerics. 
Navagrantha.
Newar Buddhism has a group of nine Sanskrit Mahayana sutras called the Navagrantha, these are considered the key Mahayana sutra texts of the tradition. They are:
Artistic tradition.
Newar Buddhism is characterized by its extensive and detailed rituals, a rich artistic tradition of Buddhist monuments and artwork like the chaitya (stupa), Baha and Bahi monastic courtyards, statues, paubha scroll paintings and mandala sand paintings, and by being a storehouse of ancient Sanskrit Buddhist texts, many of which are now only extant in Nepal.
According to the authors of "Rebuilding Buddhism: The Theravada Movement in Twentieth-Century Nepal": "Today traditional Newar Buddhism is unquestionably in retreat before Theravada Buddhism." Chachā (Charyā) ritual song and dance and Gunlā Bājan music are other artistic traditions of Newar Buddhism. Although Newar Buddhism was traditionally bound to the Kathmandu Valley and its environs, there is at least one new Newar Buddhist temple in Portland, Oregon.
Outdoor festivals.
A number of major street celebrations are held periodically involving processions, displays of Buddha images and services in the three cities of the Kathmandu Valley and in other parts of Nepal.
The main events are Samyak (almsgiving and display of Buddha images), Gunla (holy month marked by musical processions and display of Buddha images), Jana Baha Dyah Jatra (chariot procession in Kathmandu), Bunga Dyah Jatra (chariot processions in Lalitpur, Dolakha and Nala), and Bajrayogini Jatra (processions in Sankhu and Pharping).

</doc>
<doc id="6915943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915943" title="Funyons">
Funyons



</doc>
<doc id="6915946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915946" title="Yilmaz erdogan">
Yilmaz erdogan



</doc>
<doc id="6915947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915947" title="List of The Mysterious Cities of Gold episodes">
List of The Mysterious Cities of Gold episodes

The 39 episodes of the animated series "The Mysterious Cities of Gold" were co-produced between DiC Entertainment and Studio Pierrot. The series premiere episode was broadcast in Japan on NHK on May 1, 1982, and ran until its conclusion on February 5, 1983. The plot follows a young Spanish boy named Esteban who joins a voyage to the New World in search of the lost Seven Cities of Gold and his father.
The series aired in the English dubbed format in the United States, premiering on Nickelodeon on June 30, 1986 and running through March 23, 1987. English dubbed episodes also aired in the United Kingdom on Children's BBC from September 1, 1986 to June 22, 1987, and in Australia, on the public broadcaster ABC in 1986. The series was translated and aired in France on Antenne 2. The episodes have been released to both VHS and DVD in France, Belgium, Japan, Canada (in French) and Germany. In 2007, Fabulous Films acquired the license to release the series in Region 2 (Europe), Region 1, and Region 4. All 39 unedited episodes of the series were released in the United Kingdom on 23 June 2008 as a six DVD set with the picture and sound restored. The DVD was released in Australia in August 2008. It was released in North America on 7 April 2009. In 2013 the original series was released in on Blu-ray in France.

</doc>
<doc id="6915948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915948" title="ERGIC">
ERGIC

The endoplasmic-reticulum–Golgi intermediate compartment (ERGIC) is an organelle in eukaryotic cells. This compartment mediates transport between the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) and Golgi complex, facilitating the sorting of cargo. The cluster was first identified in 1988 using an antibody to the protein that has since been named ERGIC-53. It is also referred to as the vesicular-tubular cluster (VTC) or, originally, tubulo-vesicular compartment. 
In mammalian organisms, COPII vesicles that have budded from exit sites in the endoplasmic reticulum lose their coats and fuse to form the vesicular-tubular cluster (VTC). Retrieval (or retrograde) transport in COPI vesicles returns many of the lost ER resident proteins back to the endoplasmic reticulum. Forward (or anterograde) transport moves the VTC contents to the cis-Golgi network, the receiving face of the Golgi complex. This process is thought to occur by one of two processes. One is known as cisternal maturation where the VTC simply matures into the cis-Golgi network. In another, COPI vesicular transport moves VTC material to the receiving face of the Golgi apparatus through movement of the VTC along microtubules. Evidence exists for both processes and it may be that both occur simultaneously in cells.

</doc>
<doc id="6915952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915952" title="Yilmaz Erdogan">
Yilmaz Erdogan



</doc>
<doc id="6915954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915954" title="DXCore">
DXCore



</doc>
<doc id="6915957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915957" title="Apopka station">
Apopka station

The Apopka Seaboard Air Line Railway Depot is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad depot in Apopka, Florida, United States. It is located at 36 East Station Street. The station was built in 1918 to serve a line originally used by the Tavares, Orlando, and Atlantic Railroad in 1885. On March 15, 1993, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. In 2010, a proposal was made to relocate the depot.

</doc>
<doc id="6915965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915965" title="Office of Kentucky Nature Preserves">
Office of Kentucky Nature Preserves

The Office of Kentucky Nature Preserves is an agency of the Commonwealth of Kentucky in the United States dedicated to the protection of Kentucky's natural heritage. The agency's primary focus is protecting rare and endangered species habitats. It oversees a statewide program of nature preserves, the Kentucky Wild Rivers Program, and the "Nature's Finest" license plate program of the Kentucky Heritage Land Conservation Fund Board. The program was formerly known as the "Kentucky State Nature Preserves Commission", from 1976 until a reorganization in 2018.
As of July 1, 2018, Office of Kentucky Nature Preserves programs include:
The total of 112,000 acres in these programs is only 0.44% of Kentucky's 25 million acres.
Statewide Nature Preserve / Natural Area List:

</doc>
<doc id="6915968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915968" title="White-crested turaco">
White-crested turaco

The white-crested turaco (Tauraco leucolophus) is a bird in the family Musophagidae, a group of African otidimorph birds. The white-crested turaco is native to riverine forest and woodland in a belt between eastern Nigeria and western Kenya. It is a common species with a wide range and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed it as being of "least concern".
Taxonomy.
The white-crested turaco was first described in 1855 by the German explorer and ornithologist Theodor von Heuglin. Genetic studies show that this species is closely related to the red-crested turaco ("Tauraco erthrolophus") and Bannerman's turaco ("Tauraco bannermanii"), having diverged from them in the late Pliocene. At that time, climatic changes occurred which subsequently led to increasingly arid conditions, a decrease in forest cover and an increase in wooded savannah. The white-crested turaco maintained a widespread distribution, perhaps by adapting to new habitats, while Bannerman's turaco became restricted to montane habitats where the forest cover remained.
Description.
This distinctive bird has glossy, bluish-black upperparts which contrast markedly with its white crest, cheeks, neck and throat. It possesses a green mantle around the shoulders and violet wing coverts and rectrices.
Distribution.
The white-crested turaco is native to Nigeria, Cameroon, Chad, Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Sudan, South Sudan, Kenya and Uganda. It occurs in lowland forests, woodland and savannah, and in hilly habitats up to an altitude of about .
Ecology.
The white-crested turaco typically inhabits forests alongside rivers and wooded savannahs, particularly where there are tangled masses of creepers. It mostly eats berries and fruits, but also consumes flowers and invertebrates such as snails. The breeding season varies across the range, being April in the Congo and August in Uganda. The nest is a rather insubstantial, saucer-shaped structure.
Status.
The population of white-crested turacos appears to be steady and no particular threats have been identified. The bird is common and has an extremely wide range so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".

</doc>
<doc id="6915975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915975" title="Sylvan House Barn">
Sylvan House Barn

Sylvan House Barn () is a stone built barn near the village of St Briavels, in the Forest of Dean, Gloucestershire. Because of its breeding bats, the site was notified as a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in 1995.
Sylvan House Barn supports a breeding roost of Lesser horseshoe bats which consists of one fifth of the known Gloucestershire breeding population, and has been deemed by Natural England to be of national importance. The notified site consists of the roofspace of the barn and the roof of an adjacent lean-to, in total an area of 0.005 hectares.
Location and habitat.
The Wye Valley and Forest of Dean are one of the main locations for Lesser horseshoe bats because of the deciduous woodlands and, sheltered valleys, which provide a good feeding area, and the underground systems which provide roosting and breeding sites.
The site is one of a series of Sites of Special Scientific Interest within the Forest of Dean and Wye Valley (Gloucestershire and Monmouthshire). These sites support (between them) breeding and hibernation roosts for Lesser and Greater horseshoe bats. This is of European importance. Other sites in the group in Gloucestershire (all of which are SSSIs) include the breeding sites of Blaisdon Hall, Caerwood And Ashberry Goose House and Dean Hall Coach House &amp; Cellar. Hibernation sites include Buckshraft Mine &amp; Bradley Hill Railway Tunnel, Devil's Chapel Scowles, Old Bow And Old Ham Mines and Westbury Brook Ironstone Mine.
The citations for the series of sites provide common information.
Wye Valley and Forest of Dean Bat Sites/ Safleoedd Ystlumod Dyffryn Gwy a Fforest y Ddena are recognised as a Special Area of Conservation (SAC) under the EU Habitats Directive.

</doc>
<doc id="6915979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915979" title="James Tiptree, Jnr.">
James Tiptree, Jnr.



</doc>
<doc id="6915985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6915985" title="Mummify">
Mummify

Mummify (24 August 1999 – 16 October 2005) was a popular Australian Thoroughbred racehorse that amassed in prize money and won five Group One races, including the 2003 Caulfield Cup and the Singapore Airlines International Cup.
He was sired by Melbourne Cup winner and Champion Australasian Older Horse Jeune (GB), his dam Cleopatra's Girl, by At Talaq (USA). Mummify was sold at the 2001 Magic Millions Adelaide Yearling Sale for $41,000. Mummify was trained by Lee Freedman and gave the trainer his 100th Group 1 victory and first international race win.
Mummify finished his career with 9 wins and 17 placings from 48 starts; prize money in excess of $5 million, placing him in the top 20 prize money winners in Australian racing history; and an international rating of 118.
The career of Mummify was cut short in the 2005 Caulfield Cup, in which he shattered the sesamoid bone of his near foreleg and was subsequently euthanized, after running third carrying top weight and attempting to lead all the way in the race.
See also.
List of millionaire racehorses in Australia

</doc>
<doc id="6916000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916000" title="Hialeah station (Seaboard Air Line Railroad)">
Hialeah station (Seaboard Air Line Railroad)

The Hialeah Seaboard Air Line Railway Station is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad depot in Hialeah, Florida. It is located at 1200 Southeast 10th Court.
Built in 1926, the station is essentially identical to the Naples Seaboard station on the southwest coast of Florida. Architects Harvey and Clarke, who also designed many other Seaboard Air Line stations of the period, designed the Mediterranean Revival station. It was served by, among other Seaboard trains, the "Orange Blossom Special" until 1953, and the "Silver Meteor" beginning in 1939. Passenger service to the station ended in 1972. On July 14, 1995, the station was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
In 1989, the South Florida Regional Transportation Authority began Tri-Rail commuter rail service to the station, adding a bus shelter style structure immediately to the south, which it calls the Hialeah Market station.

</doc>
<doc id="6916011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916011" title="Ink and Incapability">
Ink and Incapability



</doc>
<doc id="6916013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916013" title="Skilful means">
Skilful means



</doc>
<doc id="6916020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916020" title="University Centre Hastings">
University Centre Hastings

The University Centre Hastings was a small higher education institute located in Hastings, England that was managed by University of Brighton. The centre was opened in 2003 in buildings previously occupied by BT.
The University Centre today.
The "University Centre Hastings" is no longer in existence. By 2009, the University of Brighton was offering 95% of the courses at University Centre Hastings as other partners withdrew. At this stage, the university took on University Centre Hastings as its fifth campus and its name was changed to University of Brighton in Hastings (it has three other campuses in Brighton). The University of Brighton in Hastings is now closed.

</doc>
<doc id="6916023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916023" title="Jericho Mansions">
Jericho Mansions

Jericho Mansions is a 2003 independent mystery thriller film directed by Alberto Sciamma. It stars Jennifer Tilly, James Caan, Geneviève Bujold, and Maribel Verdú. It was filmed in Saint John, New Brunswick and in Almería, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="6916027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916027" title="Deep temporal branches">
Deep temporal branches



</doc>
<doc id="6916028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916028" title="Seaboard Coastline Railroad Passenger Station">
Seaboard Coastline Railroad Passenger Station



</doc>
<doc id="6916039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916039" title="House Committee on Financial Services">
House Committee on Financial Services



</doc>
<doc id="6916047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916047" title="Illinois State Normal School">
Illinois State Normal School



</doc>
<doc id="6916052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916052" title="Sir VS Naipaul">
Sir VS Naipaul



</doc>
<doc id="6916054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916054" title="W9 (Nuclear Missile)">
W9 (Nuclear Missile)



</doc>
<doc id="6916056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916056" title="Joel Antonio Martins">
Joel Antonio Martins



</doc>
<doc id="6916057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916057" title="Valea Seaca">
Valea Seaca



</doc>
<doc id="6916062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916062" title="Slum dweller">
Slum dweller



</doc>
<doc id="6916073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916073" title="Kanata North Ward">
Kanata North Ward

Kanata North Ward or Ward 4 (French: "Quartier Kanata-Nord") is a ward in the city of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. The ward was created in 2006 when its predecessor, Kanata Ward, split in two main parts. The original Kanata Ward covered all of the former City of Kanata. The new Kanata North Ward also includes a small part taken from West Carleton Ward (near Palladium Drive)
Its represented on Ottawa City Council by Cathy Curry. She was appointed on November 20, 2021, replacing Jenna Sudds who was elected to Parliament in the 2021 Canadian federal election.
Communities in the ward include South March, Morgan's Grant, Kanata Lakes, Marchwood, Beaverbrook and Town Centre.
Following the 2020 Ottawa Ward boundary review, the ward will gain a small piece of territory in the South March area to accommodate a proposed housing development. 
Prior to its amalgamation into Ottawa, the City of Kanata had its own Kanata North Ward. It consisted of the city north of the Queensway.
Demographics.
Ethnic groups: 63.9% White, 11.7% Chinese, 7.9% South Asian, 3.6% Southeast Asian, 3.3% Black, 3.2% Arab, 1.6% West Asian, 1.2% Filipino, 1.0% Latin American 
Languages: 62.6% English, 9.9% Chinese, 6.9% French, 2.5% Arabic, 1.7% Russian, 1.5% Vietnamese, 1.4% Persian, 1.3% Urdu, 1.1% Spanish, 1.1% Punjabi 
Religions: 56.1% Christian (28.2% Catholic, 6.5% Anglican, 6.2% United Church, 2.6% Christian Orthodox, 1.6% Baptist, 1.4% Presbyterian, 1.1% Lutheran, 8.5% Other), 8.0% Muslim, 3.3% Hindu, 2.4% Buddhist, 2.8% Others, 27.4% No religion 
Median income (2010): $47,412 
Average income (2010): $56,001

</doc>
<doc id="6916076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916076" title="Novoazovsk Raion">
Novoazovsk Raion

Novoazovsk Raion (; ) was one of the administrative raions (a "district") of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine. The raion was abolished on 18 July 2020 as part of the administrative reform of Ukraine, which reduced the number of raions of Donetsk Oblast to eight. However, since 2014 much of the raion was not under control of Ukrainian government and has been part of the Donetsk People's Republic which continues using it as an administrative unit. Its administrative center was located in the city of Novoazovsk, and its southern portion borders the Sea of Azov. The last estimate of the raion population, reported by the Ukrainian government, was 
Location and division.
Novoazovsk Raion bordered the city of Mariupol (Illich and Ordzhonikidze raions of Mariupol) to its west and has the international Russia–Ukraine border to its east. To its northwest, Novoazovsk Raion shared borders with Manhush Raion. To its north, Novoazovsk Raion borders Telmanove Raion.
The raion was divided into 15 municipal councils: one city municipality, one town municipality and 13 - rural councils. Within Novoazovsk Raion there were one city, Novoazovsk, one urban-type settlement (Sedovo), 9 selsoviets, and 59 small settlements. Also included within the raion are 14 industrial organizations, 4 construction and transport organizations, 9 kolkhozy, 5 sovhozy, 3 fisheries cooperatives ("rybkolhozy"), 5 industrial organizations, 4 construction companies, 35 medical schools, 27 resort areas, and 26 libraries.
History.
Before the defeat of the Don Republic by the Red Army in 1920, the territory of the Novoazovsk Raion was part of the Taganrog Okrug of the Don Republic. In April of the same year, the territory as the Taganrog Raion was ceded to the newly organized Donets Governorate.
In the beginning of 1923, the "Novo-Mykolayivka Raion" was organized. On 22 September 1923, the administrative center of the Novo-Mykolayivka Raion, "Novo-Mykolayivka", was renamed "Budyonivka", and the Raion became "Budyonivka Raion". In 1958, the Budyonivka Raion was again renamed, becoming the Novoazovsk Raion, and its administrative center was renamed Novoazovsk.
Within the Novoazovsk Raion, were born the Arctic explorer Georgy Sedov, the general-polkovnik Hero of the Soviet Union I. Lyudnikov, poet N. Scherbina, and the sculptor N. Yasinenko.
Following the events surrounding the war in Donbas, the western part of the raion remained under control of the Ukrainian government, whereas most of the area was under administration of the Donetsk People's Republic. To facilitate the administration, on 9 December 2014, the Verkhovna Rada, Ukraine's national parliament, changed the boundaries and total area of the Novoazovsk Raion to encompass . The district's administration buildings and government were moved to the urban-type settlement of Vynohradne. The amended area of the raion is under control of the Donetsk People's Republic.
Demographics.
According to the 2001 Ukrainian Census:

</doc>
<doc id="6916080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916080" title="Kókómjólk">
Kókómjólk

Kókómjólk (, "Chocomilk") is an Icelandic chocolate milk beverage manufactured by Mjólkursamsalan since 1973 and has been produced solely in Selfoss, which produces more than 9 million cartons a year. The brand's slogan is "You get power from Kókómjólk" ().
The beverage originally had a purple and yellow striped female cat mascot named Branda ("bröndótt" being the Icelandic word for brindle), which was replaced by a male cat named Klói in 1990. The mascot's design was changed in 2014 where its body composition was made leaner.
Starting in early 2006, a sugar-free version of the drink was put on the market.
Mascot.
Klói is the mascot of Kókómjólk and was originally created by Jón Axel Egilsson. His appearance is a lean anthropormorphic cat with stripes and his signature colors are pink and yellow. His appearance has changed a lot over the years but got a major redesign in 2014 and his body was made more leaner and more athletic. Klói is frequently seen saying the brand's slogan "you get strength from kókómjólk" ().
Production.
Kókómjólk started production in 1973 and has been in production solely in Selfoss. As of 2023, 9 million cartons are consumed every year. In 2012 the brand won first place in the International Food Contest in the dairy category, which was the first time the manufacturer, Mjólkursamsalan won that contest.

</doc>
<doc id="6916087" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916087" title="Evangeliaria">
Evangeliaria



</doc>
<doc id="6916091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916091" title="Moog Prodigy">
Moog Prodigy

The Moog Prodigy was a monophonic analogue synthesizer produced by Moog Music from 1979 to 1984. Of the 11,000 produced, versions released after 1981 included a control voltage/gate input on the back that allowed the VCF to be triggered and controlled by an external source.
These later versions began at serial number 4610.
The official model number of the instrument is 336. 
336A would indicate a domestic (US) model, while a 336BX would indicate an export unit.
The housing is all metal except for the wooden side panels. The power supply is inside the instrument and the mains cable is detachable.
The Prodigy featured two Voltage Controlled Oscillators (VCOs), one with a sawtooth waveform, a triangle waveform, and a pulse waveform, the second with a sawtooth, a triangle, and a square waveform. These waveforms could be detuned up or down by more than a fifth, allowing for the creation of thick pads as well as atonal sounds. The two oscillators could be synchronized as well, then altered using the pitch wheel (in sync mode, the pitch wheel would alter the tonality of the sound, not the pitch. Roaring synth leads were made possible using this feature.) The Prodigy did not feature a white noise or pink noise generator.
The voltage controlled 4-pole low-pass filter uses the typical Moog transistor ladder filter design. There is a dedicated 3-stage ADR envelope controller (ADR short for Attack Decay Release).
The Prodigy was capable of a full range of synthetic sounds, from a gentle whistle or flute in the upper ranges, to sub-sonic bass. The voltage controlled amplifier (VCA) was controllable only via a second 3-stage ADR envelope controller.
The low frequency oscillator (LFO) of the Prodigy featured a triangle and square waveform, which could be routed to the VCO or VCF to create pitch or filter modulation effects. 
The Moog Source, which began production in 1981, featured internal workings very similar to the Prodigy in a much sleeker physical design that featured programmability, arpeggiator / sequencer and white noise.
It inspired the name of British electronic band The Prodigy whilst recording their first album. The band's frontman, Liam Howlett, is known to have used the synthesizer in some of the songs he made in the early 1990s.
Users.
It has been used by many artists such as:

</doc>
<doc id="6916097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916097" title="Evangiliary">
Evangiliary



</doc>
<doc id="6916109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916109" title="Pearl Qatar">
Pearl Qatar



</doc>
<doc id="6916115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916115" title="Ovens and king football league">
Ovens and king football league



</doc>
<doc id="6916116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916116" title="RefactorPro">
RefactorPro



</doc>
<doc id="6916147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916147" title="Tench Francis Sr.">
Tench Francis Sr.

Tench Francis (? probably in Philadelphia – 16 August 1758) was a prominent lawyer and jurist in colonial Maryland and Philadelphia.
Early life.
Francis was the son of Rev. John Francis, Dean of Linsmore and Rector of St. Mary's Church in Dublin, Ireland.
Career.
Maryland.
Sometime before 1720, after studying law in London, he moved to America as an attorney for Lord Baltimore. In Kent County, Maryland, he opened a law office. From 1726 to 1734 he was clerk of Talbot County Court before being elected for a three-year term as legislative representative for Talbot County.
Pennsylvania.
He later settled in Philadelphia, where he was attorney-general of Pennsylvania, succeeding Andrew Hamilton, from 1741 to 1755, and recorder of Philadelphia from 1750 to 1755.
He was a founding trustee of the college, academy, and Charitable Schools of Philadelphia (which became the University of Pennsylvania), and he sent his sons Philip and Turbutt there to study.
Personal life.
In 1724, he married Elizabeth Turbutt. Together, they had:
Tench Francis died in Philadelphia in 1758.

</doc>
<doc id="6916150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916150" title="Eric Stults">
Eric Stults

Eric William Stults (born December 9, 1979) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched for the Los Angeles Dodgers, Colorado Rockies, Chicago White Sox, San Diego Padres and Atlanta Braves in Major League Baseball, and for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp in Nippon Professional Baseball.
College career.
Stults played for Bethel College in Mishawaka, Indiana. Stults pitched and played center field for Bethel, which won the 2002 National Christian College Athletic Association Division I championship, posting a 10–1 record that season, and also played basketball at Bethel.
Professional career.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
Stults was selected by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 15th round of the 2002 Major League Baseball draft.
In 2002, he pitched for the Vero Beach Dodgers and had a record of 3–1 with an ERA of 3.00 in 13 appearances (6 starts). In 2003, he was 3–4 with a 4.97 ERA in 7 starts for the Jacksonville Suns. In 2004, he pitched for the Columbus Catfish of the South Atlantic League and had a record of 1–2, ERA of 2.49 in 12 appearances. He also pitched in 7 games for Vero Beach that year. In 2005, he alternated between Jacksonville and the Las Vegas 51s, he was 4–3, 3.31 in 12 starts for Jacksonville and 3–7, 6.58 in 14 starts for Las Vegas. In 2006, with Las Vegas he was 10–11 with a 4.23 ERA in 26 starts.
Stults made his Major League Baseball debut with the Dodgers on September 5, 2006, against the Milwaukee Brewers at Miller Park in Milwaukee. He pitched three innings and gave up three earned runs. He earned his first Major League victory on September 10 at Shea Stadium as he held the New York Mets to just one run and two hits over 6.0 innings and 86 pitches, walking two and struck out three in the Dodgers' 9–1 win.
In 2007, he returned to the starting rotation with the Las Vegas 51s. He was called up by the Dodgers to start the game against the Colorado Rockies on August 17, and struck out 9 batters en route to his first victory in 2007 after having thrown 7 innings and giving up only 2 runs, 2 hits, and a walk.
After an inconsistent stay in the majors in 2007, Stults was a long shot to make the Dodgers in spring training 2008 and was sent to Triple-A Las Vegas. He was called up and made his first start with the Dodgers on June 19, 2008, replacing injured Dodger ace Brad Penny in the starting rotation after Penny was placed on the disabled list.
On June 25, 2008, Stults pitched his first Major League shutout, as well as complete game—as the Dodgers blanked the visiting Chicago White Sox, 5–0.
Early in the 2009 season, Stults replaced injured starting pitcher Hiroki Kuroda. He made the best start of his career against the San Francisco Giants on May 9, 2009. At Dodger Stadium Stults threw a complete-game shutout, throwing 123 pitches. He struck out 5, walked none, and allowed only four hits.
On May 15, 2009, Stults injured his thumb while making a toss on a bunt attempt by the Florida Marlins' Hanley Ramírez. Stults would make 2 more starts before going on the disabled list. On July 1, Stults was optioned to the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes. He pitched well with the Isotopes, before getting called up to make a spot start on August 9 against the Atlanta Braves. Stults was optioned back to Albuquerque on August 13 and finished the season there.
Hiroshima Toyo Carp.
On March 30, 2010 Stults was sold to the Hiroshima Toyo Carp of Nippon Professional Baseball. He was 6–10 with a 5.07 ERA in 21 starts in Japan.
Colorado Rockies.
On November 24, 2010 Stults signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies. He had his contract purchased on July 3, 2011. He appeared in six games for Colorado, recording a 6.00 ERA in 12 innings, before being designated for assignment on July 25. He cleared waivers and was outrighted to Triple-A Colorado Springs Sky Sox on July 27. He elected free agency on November 2.
Chicago White Sox.
On December 1, 2011, he signed a minor league contract with an invite to spring training. Stults was called up on May 7, 2012. He made two appearances for the White Sox before being designated for assignment on May 15.
San Diego Padres.
On May 17, 2012, Stults was claimed off waivers by the San Diego Padres. He made his first start on May 19. Stults went on the disabled list on June 6 with a strained left lat after compiling a 3.19 ERA in four starts, and he returned to the Padres on July 22 after making rehab starts with the Tucson Padres. After pitching out of the bullpen, he rejoined the starting rotation on August 6. He finished the season with an 8–3 record and 2.91 ERA in 20 games and 15 starts.
Stults had 33 starts for the Padres in 2013, going 11-13 with a 3.93 ERA, striking out 131 in 203.2 innings. He led the team in wins, losses, complete games (2), innings pitched and strikeouts. After the season, Stults re-signed with San Diego to a one-year deal worth $2.75 million. Stults was designated for assignment by the Padres on November 3, 2014. He cleared waivers and elected free agency following the season.
Atlanta Braves.
On January 29, 2015, Stults signed a minor league deal with the Atlanta Braves. The team announced that Stults had made the Opening Day roster on April 4. Stults struggled to a 1–4 record and 5.36 ERA before he was replaced in the rotation by Williams Pérez on May 20. Due to Alex Wood's illness, Stults made one final start for the team just two days later against the Milwaukee Brewers. He pitched innings, yielding three hits, five walks, and seven runs.
Los Angeles Dodgers (second stint).
On May 27, 2015, he was traded to the Los Angeles Dodgers (with Alberto Callaspo, Ian Thomas and Juan Jaime) in exchange for Juan Uribe and Chris Withrow. The Dodgers promptly designated him for assignment. He cleared waivers and accepted an outright assignment to the Double-A Tulsa Drillers on May 30. He made eight starts (and two relief appearances) for Tulsa and six starts for the AAA Oklahoma City Dodgers and was 6–5 with a 3.30 ERA. He elected free agency on October 13.
Pitching style.
Stults threw three pitches regularly and two infrequently. His most common pitch was a four-seam fastball averaging about 87-90 mph, followed by a changeup (79–81) and slider (80–84). Less commonly, he threw a slow curveball (average about 70 mph), and rarely, a two-seam fastball. To right-handers, Stults mainly threw a combination of fastballs and changeups, with occasional sliders. When facing left-handers, he replaced the slider with a changeup.
Personal life.
He and his wife Stephanie have two daughters, Madeline and Hallie, and a son, Luke.

</doc>
<doc id="6916151" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916151" title="Whirlpools">
Whirlpools



</doc>
<doc id="6916156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916156" title="Page by Tamora Pierce">
Page by Tamora Pierce



</doc>
<doc id="6916158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916158" title="Veizey's Quarry">
Veizey's Quarry

Veizey's Quarry () is a 1.4 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Tetbury in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974. It is in the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The site is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS) and a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
Geology.
The Quarry exposes the Upper Bathonian Athelstan Oolite and also the overlying Forest Marble. These are limestones of the Jurassic Period which was laid down 160 million years ago. This is considered the best example in the Tetbury area of the development of the Athelstan Oolite. This particular exposure is important in facies and stratigraphic interpretation of the Bathonian rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="6916162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916162" title="The Riddle of Strider">
The Riddle of Strider



</doc>
<doc id="6916166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916166" title="Almasu Mic">
Almasu Mic



</doc>
<doc id="6916168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916168" title="Nichia">
Nichia

 is a Japanese chemical engineering and manufacturing company headquartered in Anan, Japan with global subsidiaries. It specializes in the manufacturing and distribution of phosphors, including light-emitting diodes (LEDs), laser diodes, battery materials, and calcium chloride. 2014 Nobel Prize in Physics recipient Shuji Nakamura did research while working at Nichia on gallium nitride light-emitting diodes, leading to the invention of blue LEDs. 
The Nichia Corporation comprises two divisions — Division 1, responsible for phosphors and other chemicals, and Division 2, responsible for LEDs. In the field of phosphors the company has 50% of the Japanese market and 25% of the world market.
Nichia designs, manufactures, and markets LEDs for display, LCD backlighting, automotive and general lighting applications with the many different LEDs across the entire visible spectrum. Nichia’s invention and development of white LEDs have spanned several accomplishments throughout the history of the company.
History.
The Nichia Corporation was founded in 1956 by (1912-2002) at Aratano-cho, Anan, Tokushima to produce calcium phosphate for fluorescent lamp phosphors. The majority ownership is still held by the Ogawa family today.
In 1966, Nichia began production of phosphors for fluorescent lamps. In 1971, Nichia began production of phosphors for color TVs. In 1977, Nichia began the production of tri-color phosphors for fluorescent lamps.
One of Nobuo Ogawa's more well-known decisions was to support Shuji Nakamura to do research on gallium nitride light-emitting diodes, when it was generally considered a very risky business. The research turned out to be a great success; however, the company received scrutiny for the small size of the ¥20,000 (US$180) bonus initially awarded to Nakamura for his 1993 invention of the first high brightness blue-light LED, which was based on gallium nitride. Nichia later settled out of court with Nakamura for ¥840 million (US$7 million), in what was then the highest bonus ever awarded by a Japanese company.
Nichia supports financially a Polish company Ammono, which is the current (as of 2011) world leader in bulk Gallium Nitride (GaN) manufacturing of 5 centimeter diameter high quality bulk c-plane GaN substrates as well as non-polar M-plane, A-plane and semi-polar GaN wafer. Nichia funds a joint research project with Ammono to develop ammonothermal gallium nitride growth, and in return Nichia took a stake in Ammono’s intellectual property, as well as access to the crystals that were made.
Several of Nichia's innovations have won awards, such as the Nikkei Best Products Award.
Major competitors.
Nichia Corporation's competitors include Seoul Semiconductor, Cree, Everlight Electronics, Lumileds, Epistar and Osram.
Litigation.
In January 2006, Nichia launched a lawsuit against rival LED manufacturer Seoul Semiconductor Co., Ltd., alleging design patent infringement. Nichia and Seoul Semiconductor announced that they have settled all litigation on patent and other issues as well as other legal disputes currently pending between them in the United States, Germany, Japan, United Kingdom, and Korea. The settlement includes a cross license agreement covering LED and laser diode technologies, which will permit the companies to access all of each other's patented technologies. In accordance with the settlement terms, all litigations are to be terminated by mutual withdrawal, with the exception of litigation in Germany involving patent DE 691-07-630 T2 of EP 0-437-385 B1, which was resolved following a February 2009 hearing.

</doc>
<doc id="6916170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916170" title="Stormont Mancroft Samuel Mancroft, 2nd Baron Mancroft">
Stormont Mancroft Samuel Mancroft, 2nd Baron Mancroft



</doc>
<doc id="6916171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916171" title="Alunis">
Alunis



</doc>
<doc id="6916176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916176" title="Jebel Druze">
Jebel Druze



</doc>
<doc id="6916177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916177" title="Alunisu">
Alunisu



</doc>
<doc id="6916180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916180" title="Nob and Nobility">
Nob and Nobility



</doc>
<doc id="6916181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916181" title="Lauri Valonen">
Lauri Valonen

Lauri Valonen (28 November 1909 – 2 October 1982) was a Finnish nordic combined skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a silver medal in the individual event at the 1935 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Vysoké Tatry.
Valonen also finished 4th in the individual event at the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen.

</doc>
<doc id="6916182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916182" title="City of the Damned">
City of the Damned



</doc>
<doc id="6916185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916185" title="O'Ceann">
O'Ceann



</doc>
<doc id="6916186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916186" title="Delray Beach station (Seaboard Air Line Railroad)">
Delray Beach station (Seaboard Air Line Railroad)



</doc>
<doc id="6916187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916187" title="Roberto Lopes Miranda">
Roberto Lopes Miranda



</doc>
<doc id="6916189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916189" title="Wellacre Quarry">
Wellacre Quarry

Wellacre Quarry () is a 12.3 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Gloucestershire, notified in 1974. It is within the Cotswold Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and the site was formerly known as Blockley Station Brickworks. The site is listed in the 'Cotswold District' Local Plan 2001-2011 (on line) as a Key Wildlife Site (KWS) and a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
Geology.
The site is stated as providing the best exposures in Britain of part of the Lower Jurassic, Middle Lias rock succession. This is the subdivision called Luridum Subzone. In other places in Britain this subzone is thin and incomplete, but at Wellacre Quarry it is thick, richly fossiliferous, and there is full research documentation available.
The strata contain an abundant fossil fauna. This includes an important suite of ammonites.
Specimens from this site have been the subject of research and have provided insight into the evolution and shape of ammonites.
Conservation.
A Natural England report, published in August 2011 (assessment date), states that the conditions of the site remain favourable. Wellacre remains a working quarry and exposures are being created constantly. The quarry remains in the original SSSI boundary and is deep. Restoration plans will eventually be needed.

</doc>
<doc id="6916196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916196" title="Andy Mallon">
Andy Mallon

Andy Mallon (Irish "Aindriu Ó Maoileoin") is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays at senior level for the Armagh county team. He plays club football for Pearse Óg.
Playing career.
Inter-county.
Mallon made his Armagh senior debut in a 2003 National League game against Donegal. In 2004 he won the Ulster Senior Football Championship with the county.
In 2005 Mallon helped Armagh win the National League – with Mallon playing an excellent game in the final against Wexford. That year Armagh also defended the Ulster Championship. Mallon was awarded an All Star for his performances that season.
2006 saw Mallon earn a third Ulster Championship medal with Armagh. He won the Ulster Championship for a fourth time in 2008.
Club.
Mallon has reached the Armagh Senior Football Championship final on a number of occasions with Pearse Óg, but they have been beaten by Crossmaglen each time.
That is until this year, 2009, when Pearse Óg beat Armagh Harps in the final 0.4 v 0.8. They went on to play St Gall's of Belfast in the Ulster Championship. He is now playing for St Finians Swords . His direct influence has brought them to a Championship final. He was held scoreless by Liam Atkinson as they exited the championship in 2024.Up the Brendogs

</doc>
<doc id="6916204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916204" title="Big Girls Don't Cry... They Get Even">
Big Girls Don't Cry... They Get Even

Big Girls Don't Cry… They Get Even (titled Stepkids in early promotional trailers and in Australia) is a 1992 American comedy film directed by Joan Micklin Silver.
Plot.
15-year-old Laura Chartoff is a girl in a large dysfunctional family. After her parents' divorce, her father, David, a flaky artist, has now accumulated three ex-wives, a 4-year-old daughter, Jessie (with fourth wife Barbara, one of the wives Laura actually liked), and is living with Stephanie – who is pregnant with his twins. Laura's mother, Melinda, had her own two-day marriage and is now married to her third husband, Keith Powers.
Keith is a successful and seemingly selfish businessman and a widower with three kids of his own – resentful adult son Josh, self-obsessed teenage daughter Corinne (who bonds with her similarly shallow stepmother), and teenage son Kurt, who seems to be Keith's favorite, as he does whatever he tells him to do and as a result adopts a rather militaristic personality and is away from military school. With Melinda also picking Corrine as her favorite, this leaves Laura unintentionally shut out. Added to the mix of siblings and stepsiblings is Laura's half-brother, 10-year-old genius Sam, the result of an unexpected pregnancy for Melinda and Keith.
Josh visits his mother's grave on the anniversary of her death and then confronts Keith for forgetting the date. Later, Laura gets in trouble with Keith for talking with Josh. Having felt incredibly hurt by her family, Laura decides to run away, going to see Josh at his lakeside cabin. And for a time, Laura's actually relaxed and happy spending time with someone who enjoys her company. Josh, however, attempts to reach out to one of Laura's family members without her knowing. Keith deduces that Laura will be with Josh ("brats of a feather"). But when the family arrives at the cabin, Laura concludes that Josh betrayed her trust and runs away.
At the same time, Barbara arrives with Jessie, as does Laura's father with Stephanie. It's during the search for Laura that all the family members are forced to live under the same roof. Laura meets a host of colorful characters along the way, including teen robbers and an all-too-happy family. Meanwhile, her family members each have their own experiences and realizations when it comes to themselves and their families. And as Laura is about to return, the police come with uncertain news and give her parents Laura's jacket.
The jacket has blood, though unknown to them, it's the blood of one of the robbers Laura punched. And it's this small development that brings both her parents and step-parents to the possibility that Laura could be hurt or worse. Laura arrives in time to see some of what's going on and gets surprised by Josh. She accuses him of betraying her to Melinda and Keith, but Josh reveals that he only called Barbara, knowing that Laura liked her. Josh helps her come to the conclusion that she can't escape family. Laura returns to the cabin to embrace the "weirdness" of her extended family, who have all sorted out their own lives a little more during their shared search for Laura.
Production.
The movie was filmed using permits to access locations in California's east central Mammoth Ranger District in the Inyo National Forest, as well as locations in the (former) Arroyo Seco Ranger District of the Angeles National Forest near Los Angeles.
Much of the lakeside action takes place at Lake Mamie in Mammoth Lakes, California, with Mammoth Crest, Crystal Crag and Lake Mary Road visible in many scenes.

</doc>
<doc id="6916214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916214" title="Readymades of Marcel Duchamp">
Readymades of Marcel Duchamp

The readymades of Marcel Duchamp are ordinary manufactured objects that the artist selected and modified, as an antidote to what he called "retinal art". By simply choosing the object (or objects) and repositioning or joining, titling and signing it, the found object became art.
Duchamp was not interested in what he called "retinal art"—art that was only visual—and sought other methods of expression. As an antidote to retinal art he began creating readymades in 1914, when the term was commonly used in the United States to describe manufactured items to distinguish them from handmade goods.
He selected the pieces on the basis of "visual indifference", and the selections reflect his sense of irony, humor and ambiguity: he said "it was always the idea that came first, not the visual example ... a form of denying the possibility of defining art."
The first definition of "readymade" appeared in André Breton and Paul Éluard's "Dictionnaire abrégé du Surréalisme": "an ordinary object elevated to the dignity of a work of art by the mere choice of an artist". While published under the name of Marcel Duchamp (or his initials, "MD", to be precise), André Gervais nevertheless asserts that Breton wrote this particular dictionary entry.
Duchamp only made a total of 13 readymades over a period of time of 30 years. He felt that he could only avoid the trap of his own taste by limiting output, though he was aware of the contradiction of avoiding taste, yet also selecting an object. Taste, he felt, whether "good" or "bad", was the "enemy of art".
His conception of the readymade changed and developed over time. "My intention was to get away from myself", he said, "though I knew perfectly well that I was using myself. Call it a little game between 'I' and 'me.
Duchamp was unable to define or explain his opinion of readymades: "The curious thing about the readymade is that I've never been able to arrive at a definition or explanation that fully satisfies me." Much later in life Duchamp said, "I'm not at all sure that the concept of the readymade isn't the most important single idea to come out of my work."
Robert Fulford described Duchamp's readymades as expressing "an angry nihilism".
The objects themselves.
By submitting some of them as art to art juries, the public, and his patrons, Duchamp challenged conventional notions of what is, and what is not, art. Some were rejected by art juries and others went unnoticed at art shows.
Most of his early readymades have been lost or discarded, but years later he commissioned reproductions of many of them.
Readymades.
"(Note: Some art historians consider only the un-altered manufactured objects to be readymades. This list includes the pieces he altered or constructed.)"
1964 Galleria Schwarz edition.
In 1964, Duchamp authorized a limited edition release of replicas of fourteen of his readymades, notably eight editions of In Advance of a Broken Arm, to be issued by his art dealer, Arturo Schwarz, through the Galleria Schwarz in Milan. The edition included eight sets for sale, two sets of artist's proofs (one for Duchamp and one for Schwarz), and two "hors de commerce" sets to be given to museums. Schwarz replicated the works with oversight from Duchamp, taking "almost fanatical care" in reproducing them accurately, according to Duchamp.
Critical reaction to Duchamp's decision to reproduce the readymades was generally negative. Artist Daniel Buren, for example, said that Duchamp had "sold out to commercialism". As decades passed, however, the Galleria Schwarz replicas "gradually became mainstreamed and eventually became stand-ins for the lost originals, sharing their status and value", according to Israel Museum curator Adina Kamien. Today, Schwarz's replicas are found in museums around the world.
Initial demand for the replicas was slow. One set was sold in 1969 to New York art dealer Arne Ekstrom, who then sold it to Indiana University Art Museum in 1971 for $35,000. Another set was sold in 1971 to the National Gallery of Canada. By 1974, much of the edition was still unsold, though Schwarz had raised the prices considerably; a complete set was listed for $450,000, and individual works started at $15,000. Schwarz sold his remaining inventory at auction in 1985, except for one remaining complete set, which he sold to the National Museum of Modern Art in Japan in 1987.
Duchamp's proof set was sold by his widow to the Musée National d'Art Moderne in Paris in 1986. Schwarz sold his proof set at auction in 2002. The two museum sets were donated to the Israel Museum in Jerusalem in 1972 and the National Gallery of Modern Art in Rome in 1997.
Doubts over readymades.
Research published in 1997 by Rhonda Roland Shearer questions whether Duchamp's "found objects" may actually have been created by Duchamp. Her research of items like snow shovels and bottle racks in use at the time failed to turn up any identical matches to photographs of the originals. However, there are accounts of Walter Arensberg and Joseph Stella being with Duchamp when he purchased the original "Fountain" at J. L. Mott Iron Works. Such investigations are hampered by the fact that few of the original "readymades" survive, having been lost or destroyed. Those that still exist are predominantly reproductions authorized or designed by Duchamp in the final two decades of his life. Shearer also asserts that the artwork "L.H.O.O.Q." which is recorded to be a poster-copy of the "Mona Lisa" with a moustache drawn on it, is not the true "Mona Lisa", but Duchamp's own slightly-different version that he modelled partly after himself. The inference of Shearer's viewpoint is that Duchamp was creating an even larger joke than he admitted.

</doc>
<doc id="6916215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916215" title="Naples station">
Naples station

The Naples Seaboard Air Line Railway Station (also known as the Naples Railroad Depot or Seaboard Coast Line Railroad Depot) is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railway depot in Naples, Florida. It is located at 1051 5th Avenue, South.
History.
The depot was constructed in 1927, when the Seaboard Air Line Railroad constructed its line to Naples. It was designed in the same Mediterranean Revival style the Seaboard Air Line used with its stations in Delray Beach, Deerfield Beach, Hialeah, and Homestead on the southeast coast of Florida (which were built around the same time), and is virtually identical to the Hialeah depot. The station only briefly saw Seaboard Air Line passenger service in the late 1920s before the railroad reduced its line to Naples to freight service only in 1933. Seaboard ended freight service in the 1940s. During World War II, the depot was also home to USO shows for troops stationed at the nearby Naples airfield.
By 1944, the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad bought both the depot and the Seaboard tracks to Naples after Seaboard discontinued service. The Atlantic Coast Line connected the former Seaboard track to their Fort Myers Southern Branch near Vanderbilt Beach, and resumed passenger service to the depot after an eleven-year absence. This makes it only one of the few railroad depots to have been operated by both the Atlantic Coast Line and the Seaboard Air Line independently prior to their merger. The Atlantic Coast Line's previous depot in Naples was located at the northeast corner of Radio Road and Airport-Pulling Road near Naples Airport, which was then closed and eventually demolished in the 1970s.
Ironically, the Seaboard brand returned to the depot in 1967 when the Atlantic Coast Line merged with the Seaboard Air Line which became the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad. Passenger service ended in 1971 when national passenger rail was taken over by Amtrak. On September 10, 1974, the depot was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. Freight service was halted for good in the late 1970s, and the adjacent tracks were removed in 1980 (the remaining line from this point north is still in place and is now owned by Seminole Gulf Railway).
Naples Depot Museum.
The station has since been fully restored by the Collier County Museums, and is now operated as the Naples Depot Museum. Exhibits focus on the history of transportation and trade in Southwest Florida. Displays include railroads, Seminole dugout canoes, a mule wagon and an antique swamp buggy. Vintage railcars are also on display outside of the building. In another part of the building is a Lionel Train Museum which is dedicated to model trains. A miniature railway also runs around the perimeter of the property.

</doc>
<doc id="6916222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916222" title="Highland Park Village">
Highland Park Village

Highland Park Village is an upscale shopping plaza located at the southwest corner of Mockingbird Lane and Preston Road in Highland Park, Texas and was the first self-contained shopping center in America. The Highland Park Village was declared a National Historic Landmark in 2000.
History.
John S. Armstrong and his two sons-in-law, Edgar Flippen and Hugh Prather Sr., decided that Highland Park, Texas needed a shopping center that could function as a town square. The developers traveled to Barcelona and Seville in Spain as well as to Mexico and California, studying the architecture in order to plan a retail center for Highland Park.
They hired American architects Marion Fresenius Fooshee and James B. Cheek to design the center, which opened in 1931. After the death of Hugh Prather Sr. in 1959, management of the Village was taken over by his sons, John Prather and Hugh Prather Jr. In 1966, the Howard Corporation acquired the shopping center.
In 1976, the Howard Corporation decided to sell the Village and enlisted the help of the Henry S. Miller Company. Miller had a sentimental attachment to the property because his father had been an associate of the Flippen-Prather Realty Company from 1917 to 1919 and a close friend of both partners, Hugh Prather and Edgar Flippen.
Henry S. Miller and partners acquired the property in 1976 for $5 million and was developed by the Henry S. Miller Company, which later became Henry S. Miller Interests. Under Henry S. Miller.
On February 16, 2000, the shopping center was recognized as a National Historic Landmark and the center was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 17, 1997.
In 2009, Highland Park Village was purchased by Stephen Summers, Elisa Summers, Heather Washburne, and Ray Washburne, known as HP Village Partners, LP, for a record $170 million, the highest total price for a retail property of that year.
In 2013 Christian Dior, Tom Ford, Alexander McQueen, Brunello Cucinelli, Ermenegildo Zegna, James Perse, and Saint Laurent Paris opened at Highland Park Village.
Retail Market Value.
Currently the Village commands about $125 per square foot; placing it among the priciest retail locales in the state, although inexpensive relative to luxury retail areas in larger markets New York City, Los Angeles, and Chicago. Located near the wealthiest neighborhoods in the region, with Texas' first country club right next door, sales in Highland Park Village range from $1,000 per square foot to more than $1,500 annually.
Amenities.
The Village Theatre, when it first opened in 1935 its construction cost more than $100,000. In 1979, the theater was renovated, with the balcony being converted into an additional screen. It was purchased by AMC Theatres in 1987, and the entire Art Deco interior was demolished, converting it into of retail space, and two brand-new theater screens upstairs. It was once again renovated in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="6916227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916227" title="Miniature pioneering">
Miniature pioneering

Miniature Pioneering or Model Pioneering is an art form featuring the miniaturized version of pioneering construction. This technique was originally used by Boy Scouts to create a model for campsite planning. Models are a convenient way to plan a construction project, requiring the same techniques as a full-scale model, and allowing for accurate equipment lists to be developed, as well as for difficulties in sequencing construction to be identified. However, scout troops in Malaysia are innovating it into a new form of art through competitions. While real pioneering is a combination of wooden spars and ropes, these materials are replaced by wooden sticks and white thread in Miniature Pioneering. 
Although design and complexity plays a major part in judging the value of a model, lashing quality plays a major role whereby it is evaluated based on the three criteria of tightness, tidiness, and cleanliness. Similar to all handmade models, the activity of making a miniature pioneering model is good training for patience and perfection.

</doc>
<doc id="6916231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916231" title="Monsters and robots">
Monsters and robots



</doc>
<doc id="6916239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916239" title="ESCADA">
ESCADA



</doc>
<doc id="6916248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916248" title="William Smith (judge, born 1697)">
William Smith (judge, born 1697)

William Smith (8 October 1697 – 22 November 1769) was an American lawyer and jurist.
Life.
Smith was born on 8 October 1697 in Newport Pagnell in England. He was the eldest of five sons born to Thomas Smith (1675–1745) and Susanna (née Odell) Smith (1675–1729).
In 1715, he emigrated with his family to New York where his father became one of the founders of the First Presbyterian Church on Wall Street, inviting Jonathan Edwards to serve as minister. Once in America, Smith studied religion, law and the classics at Yale College, graduating in 1719.
Career.
After his graduation from Yale, he worked as a tutor there before being offered the presidency when he was 27 years old. Smith declined the offer, in order to begin a law practice in New York City.
In 1751, he was appointed Attorney General of New York, followed by an appointment as a member of the Governor's Council, serving on the latter from 1753 until 1767. In 1760, Smith was offered the position of Chief Justice of the Province of New York. Against the advice of friends and family, he turned down the offer. Smith's son, the younger William Smith, was then offered the position, which he accepted. In 1763, he became judge of the New York Supreme Court.
He wrote the charter to create and was involved in the establishment of the College of New Jersey, today known as Princeton University and was a trustee from 1746 until his death (Jonathan Edwards later served as president of the College in 1758). Smith was also known for opposing the Anglican domination of King's College in New York (today Columbia University).
He was elected to the American Philosophical Society in 1744. 
Smith was also known as part of the legal team that was victorious on behalf of the printer and newspaper publisher John Peter Zenger.
Personal life.
In 1727, Smith was married to Mary Het (1710–1754), a daughter of René Het and Blanche Dubois, French Huguenots who fled France following the Revocation of the Edict of Nantes in 1685. Together, William and Mary were the parents of fourteen children, including:
After the death of his first wife in 1754, he married noted hymnwriter Elizabeth (née Scott) Williams (1708–1776) in 1761. Elizabeth, the widow of Elisha Williams (the 4th Rector of Yale College), was a sister to Thomas Scott and Dr. Joseph Nicol Scott, and the niece of Daniel Scott (an English nonconformist minister and lexicographer).
Smith died in New York City on 22 November 1769.

</doc>
<doc id="6916249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916249" title="Rolf Kaarby">
Rolf Kaarby

Rolf Kaarby (6 October 1909 – 7 March 1976) was a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a silver medal in the individual event at the 1937 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="6916251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916251" title="Radial collateral branch">
Radial collateral branch



</doc>
<doc id="6916253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916253" title="Old Sebring Seaboard Air Line Depot">
Old Sebring Seaboard Air Line Depot



</doc>
<doc id="6916255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916255" title="Leonard Tepper">
Leonard Tepper

Leonard Tepper (July 3, 1939 – June 7, 2001) was an American actor and comedian known for his frequent cameo appearances on the Late Show with David Letterman between 1994 and 1998. His filmography includes "", "Class of Nuke'Em High", and "The Shaman". He also appeared in a Miller Lite commercial and the video for Mariah Carey's "Fantasy".
Early life.
He graduated from Thomas Jefferson High School in Brooklyn, New York in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="6916257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916257" title="Don Adams (boxer)">
Don Adams (boxer)

Don "The Bull" Adams (born c.1930) was a bare-knuckle boxer, from Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire, England. In addition he was known as King of the Gypsies. At least one of his fights was detected by the authorities. Hertfordshire Constabulary reported a planned fight at Holborn Stud Farm on Sunday, 26 October 1975, between Don “The Bull” Adams and Roy “Pretty Boy” Shaw, promoted by Adams’ trainer Tom “The Bear” Brown. Donny Adams's second for the fight was an Ex Royal Air Force policeman named Huw Rees. This fight was banned, but must have taken place later, as Shaw was reported later to have beaten Adams. Shaw won the bout in the first round. Before that fight Adams had 48 bare knuckle fights and won them all.
Adams had three children, a son called Donnie and two daughters, Amanda and Chrystal.

</doc>
<doc id="6916258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916258" title="Myanmar buddhism">
Myanmar buddhism



</doc>
<doc id="6916259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916259" title="Right On (Beavis and Butt-head episode)">
Right On (Beavis and Butt-head episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6916266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916266" title="Contant Shallowness Leads To Evil">
Contant Shallowness Leads To Evil



</doc>
<doc id="6916270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916270" title="AB 40">
AB 40



</doc>
<doc id="6916273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916273" title="Come On Come On">
Come On Come On

Come On Come On is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Mary Chapin Carpenter, released by Columbia Records on June 30, 1992. It rose to No. 11 on the "Billboard's" Country Albums chart and No. 31 on the "Billboard" 200, with seven of its tracks reaching the Hot Country Songs chart: "I Feel Lucky" (No. 4), "Not Too Much to Ask" (a duet with Joe Diffie, No. 15), "Passionate Kisses" (a cover of the Lucinda Williams song, No. 4), "The Hard Way" (No. 11), "The Bug" (a cover of the Dire Straits song, No. 16), "He Thinks He'll Keep Her" (No. 2), and "I Take My Chances" (No. 2). "Passionate Kisses" also reached No. 57 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
By 2017, the album had sold 2.9 million copies. It remains Carpenter's best-selling album.
Track listing.
All songs written by Mary Chapin Carpenter except where noted.
Personnel.
Adapted from "Come On Come On" liner notes.
Chart performance.
Singles.
"Billboard" 

</doc>
<doc id="6916275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916275" title="First Tarnovo Uprising">
First Tarnovo Uprising

The First Tarnovo uprising () was a Bulgarian uprising against Ottoman rule based in the former Bulgarian capital, Tarnovo, that broke out in 1598 and was severely crushed by the Ottoman authorities.
The uprising was organized by religious leaders, as well as public figures and merchants. These included the Archbishop of Tarnovo Dionysus Rallis, the noble Theodore Ballina from Nikopol, as well as the local merchants from Ragusa Pavel Đorđić and the Sorkočević brothers, with the bishops Theophanes of Lovech, Jeremiah of Rousse, Spyridon of Shumen, and Methodius of Thrace, and other high-ranking religious figures also taking part in the organization. Đorđić established relations with the Habsburgs, the Transylvanian and Wallachian rulers, and a plan for the uprising was created in Vienna in 1597.
The invasion of Wallachian forces under Michael the Brave in the northern Bulgarian lands in the autumn of 1598 provided good conditions for the uprising, as the fellow Christian army would support the insurrection according to the plan. At the time the Ottomans were engaged in the Long War with the Habsburg monarchy. An alleged descendant of the medieval Shishman dynasty was proclaimed Tsar of Bulgaria (as Ivan Shishman II) and Tarnovo was briefly liberated, with about 12,000 people gathering.
However, the Ottoman authorities reacted immediately and quickly recaptured the city using a regular army, brutally suppressing the uprising. It is unclear what the scale of the First Tarnovo Uprising was, but according to fragmentary information it may have included the regions of Ohrid, where the local archbishop was killed, as well as Sofia and Niš, where Austrian travellers mention seeing exposed dead bodies and severed human heads.
As a consequence, about 16,000 Bulgarians fled centrally-governed Ottoman territory and crossed the Danube to settle in autonomous neighbouring Wallachia, where they established a Bulgarian community.

</doc>
<doc id="6916279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916279" title="Cara Seymour">
Cara Seymour

Cara Seymour (born 6 January 1964) is a British actress from Essex, England. She has appeared in films such as "You've Got Mail", "American Psycho", "Adaptation", "Dancer in the Dark", "Gangs of New York", "Hotel Rwanda", "The Savages", and "An Education". She appeared on stage in the New York Shakespeare Festival production of Caryl Churchill's "The Skriker".

</doc>
<doc id="6916284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916284" title="North Vista Secondary School">
North Vista Secondary School

North Vista Secondary School is a co-educational government secondary school in Sengkang, Singapore. Founded in 1956 as Gan Eng Seng Government Chinese Middle School, North Vista students are known as Vistarians. 
History.
Thomson Government Chinese Middle School.
North Vista Secondary School was founded as Gan Eng Seng Government Chinese Middle School in 1956, as one of the Government Chinese Middle Schools set up to cater to Chinese school students who had their studies disrupted by the Chinese middle schools riots. The school was renamed as Thomson Government Chinese Middle School, and subsequently as Thomson Secondary School with a merger with Thomson Vocational School in 1958.
Renamed North Vista Secondary School.
On 15 December 2000, the campus was relocated to Sengkang at 11 Rivervale Link, Singapore 545081. With the relocation, Thomson Secondary School was renamed as North Vista Secondary School, while retaining the native name "De Xin" (德新), as a reflection of its rich heritage, as well as its mission to instil and inspire cultured and innovative youths of the society.
50th Anniversary.
North Vista Secondary School celebrated its 50th anniversary with a gala dinner held on 8 September 2006, with Defence Minister Teo Chee Hean as the guest-of-honour.
North Vista Google Reviews Frenzy.
On 19 June 2023, North Vista Sec Sch went viral after a TikTok video showing negative Google map reviews of the school being responded with sassy replies from the owner. It seems like someone not from the school's administration might have gotten hold of the school's Google account -- and have been leaving sassy responses.
North Vista Secondary School's principal, Yap Thiam Chuan, shared that they are aware of the replies to the Google reviews and. "The school currently does not own or manage the Google Maps account in question," Yap added. The school is currently in touch with Google regarding this incident.
Notable Students and Alumni.
Desmond Chong Kok Hwee.
Chief Commissioner of the Singapore Scout Association
John Shadow.
Online Influencer
Ng Pak Lau.
Owner of Ng &amp; Sons’ Electronics 
LTC (Ret) Chan Seck Sung.
Retired SAF Commando Officer. One of the first officer cadets in OCS and a pioneer in the Commando Formation
Tang Guan Seng.
Former MP for Ang Mo Kio GRC
Wong Yiu Kit.
Recipient of Youth Entrepreneur Star Award
Teo Cheng Kwee.
CEO and founder of Sapphire Corporation
Nelson Goh.
Singapore Baseball and Softball Association President 
Mohammad Taufiq Bin Mohammad Abdullah.
Former Vice President of Tenaga Belia Melayu 
Jon Toh Hong Lim.
Project Superstar two semi-finalist
Lim Lu Kai.
Lee Kuan Yew Award winner

</doc>
<doc id="6916285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916285" title="United States Assistant Secretary of War">
United States Assistant Secretary of War

The United States assistant secretary of war was the second–ranking official within the American Department of War from 1861 to 1867, from 1882 to 1883, and from 1890 to 1940. According to the Military Laws of the United States, "The act of August 5, 1882 authorizing the appointment of an assistant secretary of war was repealed by the act of July 7, 1884 (23 Stat L., 331) the power conferred by the act of August 5, 1882 never having been exercised," indicating that the post was not filled between 1882 and 1883 (p. 45, footnote 2).
In 1940, the new position of United States under secretary of war replaced this position as the number-two office in the department. Assistant Secretary Robert P. Patterson became the first under secretary.
The office continued to exercise administrative duties until the department's end in 1947, when the United States Department of Defense was established.
List of assistant secretaries of war.
This list only includes those persons who served as "the" assistant secretary, or "first" assistant secretary. At various times, there were also "second" or "third" assistant secretaries, ranking below the assistant secretary.
Assistant Secretary of War for Air.
The Air Corps Act of 1926 (44 "Stat." 780), passed on July 2 of that year, created a second assistant secretary position in the War Department variously called "Assistant Secretary of War for Aviation," "Assistant Secretary of War for Air," or "Assistant Secretary of War for Aeronautics." Those holding the office, with an eigh-–year vacancy between 1933 and 1941, were F. Trubee Davison (1926–1933), Robert A. Lovett (1941–1945), and Stuart Symington (1946–1947).

</doc>
<doc id="6916286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916286" title="Aarne Valkama">
Aarne Valkama

Aarne Valkama (1909 – 12 November 1969) was a Finnish nordic combined skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the individual event at the 1937 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Chamonix.

</doc>
<doc id="6916292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916292" title="Dr. Ángel Gallardo Provincial Natural Sciences Museum">
Dr. Ángel Gallardo Provincial Natural Sciences Museum

The Dr. Ángel Gallardo Provincial Natural Sciences Museum (in Spanish, Museo Provincial de Ciencias Naturales Dr. Ángel Gallardo) is a public museum in Rosario, Argentina, specialized in biology. It was founded by Professor Pascual Maciá (a professor and zoologist) in 1945, and is currently administered by the provincial state of Santa Fe.
The museum was formerly located in the National University of Rosario Law School (a national historic monument built in 1889). On July 1, 2003, people attending a demonstration organized by labor unions launched fireworks and other pyrotechnic devices to attract attention, near the building. A fire broke out, forcing its evacuation. The fire damaged or destroyed around 50% of the facilities, including 80% of the museum (with the loss of 11,000 of its 13,000 exhibits).
The reconstruction of the museum required around 2 million pesos (US$660,000). The remaining exhibits were restored, and the seat of the museum was moved one block, to the building that houses the delegation of the provincial government. The museum was re-inaugurated on July 6, 2006, downsized, with a more modern concept including interactive displays.

</doc>
<doc id="6916293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916293" title="Manila Galleons">
Manila Galleons



</doc>
<doc id="6916295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916295" title="Fluorometric">
Fluorometric



</doc>
<doc id="6916298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916298" title="Molecular structures">
Molecular structures



</doc>
<doc id="6916301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916301" title="Control-C">
Control-C

Control-C is a common computer command. It is generated by holding down the key and typing the key.
In graphical user interface environments, control+C is often used to copy highlighted text to the clipboard. Macintosh computers use for this.
In many command-line interface environments, control+C is used to abort the current task and regain user control.
In graphical environments.
Larry Tesler created the concept of cut, copy, paste, and undo for human-computer interaction while working at Xerox PARC to control text editing. During the development of the Macintosh it was decided that the cut, paste, copy and undo would be used frequently and assigned them to the ⌘-Z (Undo), ⌘-X (Cut), ⌘-C (Copy), and ⌘-V (Paste). The four letters are all located together at the left end of the bottom row of the standard QWERTY keyboard. IBM and early versions of Windows used a different set of keys as part of IBM Common User Access. Later, Windows adopted the shortcuts using Control instead of the Command key, as the usual keyboard of IBM PC has no Command key.
In command-line environments.
Control+C was part of various Digital Equipment operating systems, including TOPS-10 and TOPS-20. Its popularity as an abort command was adopted by other systems including Unix. Later systems that copied it include CP/M, DOS and Windows. In POSIX systems, the sequence causes the active program to receive SIGINT, the interruption signal. If the program does not specify how to handle this condition, the program is terminated. Typically a program that "does" handle a SIGINT will still terminate itself, or at least terminate a task running inside it.
This system is usually preserved even in graphical terminal emulators. If control-C is used for copy in the graphical environment, an ambiguity arises. Typically is used for one of the commands, and both appear in the emulator's menus.
On ASCII terminals the keystroke produced the end-of-text control character. There is no indication this had anything to do with the choice to use it to interrupt programs, instead it was chosen because it was not being used for anything else.

</doc>
<doc id="6916311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916311" title="Semantic URL">
Semantic URL



</doc>
<doc id="6916314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916314" title="Sense and Senility">
Sense and Senility



</doc>
<doc id="6916321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916321" title="JAS-39 Gripen">
JAS-39 Gripen



</doc>
<doc id="6916325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916325" title="List of cities in Suriname">
List of cities in Suriname



</doc>
<doc id="6916326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916326" title="Middle collateral branch">
Middle collateral branch



</doc>
<doc id="6916328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916328" title="Post-Fordist">
Post-Fordist



</doc>
<doc id="6916329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916329" title="William Cronon">
William Cronon

William Cronon (born September 11, 1954) is an American environmental historian and the Frederick Jackson Turner and Vilas Research Professor of History, Geography, and Environmental Studies at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. He was president of the American Historical Association (AHA) in 2012.
Early life and career.
Cronon was born in New Haven, Connecticut, where his father E. David Cronon (1924–2006) was a history professor at Yale. The senior Cronon moved to a professorship at the University of Wisconsin, Madison, in 1962, and served as dean in 1974–1988. 
Cronon received a Bachelor of Arts with double major in history and English from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1976. He received a Master of Arts in 1979 and a Master of Philosophy in 1980 both in American history from Yale University. He received a Doctor of Philosophy in British urban and economic history from Jesus College of the University of Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar in 1981. He received a Doctor of Philosophy in American history from Yale University in 1990.
In July 1985 Cronon was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship. Cronon serves on the board of directors for The Trust for Public Land, a national land conservation group. He has been a member of the Wilderness Society since 1995, and as of 2014 he served as vice chair of the organization's governing council.
Scholarship.
Cronon is best known for his first book "" (1983), based on a seminar paper he wrote for his Yale adviser Edmund Sears Morgan. He proposed that the way cultures conceptualize property and ownership is a major factor in economies and ecosystems. Secondly, unlike most historians, he documented that Native Americans actively intervened in and shaped the ecosystems in which they lived.
His book "Nature's Metropolis: Chicago and the Great West" (1991) "is credited with having radically widened many environmental historians' gaze beyond such things as forests and public lands to include cities and what Cronon calls the 'elaborate and intimate linkages' between city and country." Cronon says that Chicago and capitalism fundamentally transformed the open Midwestern countryside. In one chapter, he details how grain became a standardized commodity. At first farmers sold it in sacks with the farm's family name stamped on it; as a commodity, it was sold in bulk as a standardized good stored in silos according to grade. The book won the 1992 Bancroft Prize, the 1993 George Perkins Marsh Prize, and was a finalist for the 1992 Pulitzer Prize for History.
In his book "Uncommon Ground: Toward Reinventing Nature" (1995), and his essay "The Trouble with Wilderness: Or, Getting Back to the Wrong Nature", published in "The New York Times" (August 13, 1995), Cronon traced the idea of wilderness throughout American history. He claimed that the idea of untouched, pristine wilderness is a fantasy, because all of nature is interconnected. He concludes:
Cronon was also featured in Ken Burns's 2009 documentary "".
'Scholar as Citizen' blog.
During the 2011 Wisconsin protests over the state budget, Cronon started a blog called "Scholar as Citizen." He began by investigating what was behind then governor Scott Walker's attacks on public employee unions. His first blog post, on March 15, 2011, pointed to an out of state, national campaign by a group called the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC). This conservative group was tied to the Koch network, and lobbied Republican legislators to adopt legislation favoring the private sector. According to Anthony Grafton of "The New Yorker", "Cronon argued from indirect evidence that ALEC had played a major role behind the scenes in Governor Walker's attack on public employee unions in Wisconsin. He also argued that this sort of political work, though legitimate, should be done in the open."
On March 17, Stephan Thompson of the Wisconsin Republican Party filed a freedom of information request for email sent from or to Cronon's University of Wisconsin-Madison account that contained keywords related to the ongoing political events, including "Republican", "Scott Walker", "recall", "collective bargaining", "AFSCME", "WEAC", "rally", "union", and the names of 12 Republican senators who supported Walker's bill.
Cronon also wrote an op-ed criticizing Walker for "The New York Times", published on March 21, 2011.
On March 24, Cronon wrote a second blog entry announcing the Wisconsin Republican Party's freedom of information request for his emails, saying that the party's action had "the nakedly political purpose of trying to embarrass, harass, or silence a university professor". 
Citing Wisconsin's long history of protecting the right to academic freedom, Cronon asked the Republican Party of Wisconsin to withdraw its request. The party did not withdraw the request and on April 1 the university turned over a selection of Cronon's emails. Attorney John Dowling, acting as senior legal counsel for the University of Wisconsin-Madison, included a statement with the documents that explained the university's decision to continue to withhold some of Cronon's emails.
University of Wisconsin-Madison Chancellor Carolyn "Biddy" Martin expounded up on this decision in an email to the UW-Madison campus community on the same day: 
Martin discussed the idea of academic freedom and the university's firm commitment to protecting all academics' right to engage in the "open intellectual exchange" of ideas.
In response to these events, on April 4 the Faculty Senate of the University of Wisconsin-Madison passed a resolution to protect academic freedom. The body decided, according to University Committee Chair Judith Burstyn, that the university needed to take a public position to defend academic freedom in the wake of the FOIA records request directed at Cronon. Political scientist Howard Schweber, who was involved in writing the resolution with colleague Donald Downs, commented: "The university can't change the law, but the university can take a leading position on behalf of public employees everywhere and make a statement that we think this is wrong. What was begun as a classic notion of sunshine being the best disinfectant has turned into a law that's used as a weapon to target not government officials and offices but individual public employees."
The Wisconsin Republican Party had made no report on the contents of Cronon's emails as of August 5, 2011. The party also filed other open records requests. The American Association of University Professors (quoting Cronon) said that "this action by the Wisconsin Republican Party is an 'obvious assault on academic freedom'".

</doc>
<doc id="6916333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916333" title="South East High School (South Gate, California)">
South East High School (South Gate, California)

South East High School is a comprehensive four-year high school located in the southeast area of South Gate, California.
The school is located in the Los Angeles Unified School District and serves grades 9 through 12.
History.
Located on the site of the old General Motors plant in South Gate, California called South Gate Assembly, South East High School was completed in October 2005 on a plot of land. It has one of the largest campuses of any school in the LAUSD, and is bordered by the new Southeast Middle School to its west, and a comprehensive adult education center.
South East High School is part of the South Gate Education Gateway, which is composed of all the schools located on the old General Motors site.
The school was known as Southeast Area New High School #2 prior to its opening. The school was built to alleviate the crowding at other schools in and around South Gate including South Gate High School, Huntington Park High School, and David Starr Jordan High School.
The school was the first public high school built in the South Gate area in 73 years. Included in the South East High School plan was a student store, health office, food service, cafeteria, auditorium, gymnasium, swimming pool, sports fields and administration offices. Highlights of the school's campus are its parent center, tennis courts, and spacious theater-style auditorium.
The lead architect was Sean Kingston, a firm located in the New York area, and is described by this statement below.
"20.367 mq / 223,000 s.f. – Completed 2005. This state-of-the-art facility houses of program for 2,500 students. The overall campus design includes six buildings on a 30 acre site consisting of a comprehensive sports facility with stadium and gymnasium, a band and choral wing with outdoor amphitheater, an 800-seat theater style auditorium, a library, classrooms and labs. This project was designed by Steve Fierce.".
Website-
http://southeast-lausd-ca.schoolloop.com/
663
Incidents.
On Friday, September 30, 2011, an 18-year-old male student had an altercation with a 17-year-old female student (reportedly his former girlfriend) during lunch time. 
The 18-year-old allegedly stabbed his former girlfriend, a female school dean, and another male student who tried to break up the fight. His former girlfriend died during surgery at St. Francis Medical Center in Lynwood. The 18 year old was booked and later charged with murder; the other two were treated for laceration injuries.
In 2008 the principal Jesus Angulo and assistant principal Maria Sotomayor were charged for not reporting a substitute teacher for sexually assaulting a minor when the victim had told them months prior, violating their duty to report child abuse. Both were given community service, paid a fine, and were able to return to work without further discipline from LAUSD.
Demographics.
As of the school year 2008–09, there were a total of 2,817 students attending the high school.
Performing arts.
Performing arts at the high school include:
Sports.
The mascot of South East High School is a Jaguar, and the school colors are silver and midnight blue.
The sports at the high school include:
Achievements 
Schedule.
Students who attend South East High School are on a traditional schedule. They are off the entire summer, and have a short winter, Thanksgiving, and spring break within the year. The school operates on a semester calendar, with quarterly progress points. The school currently runs on a 6 period schedule.

</doc>
<doc id="6916341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916341" title="Evangeliary">
Evangeliary

The Evangeliary or Book of the Gospels is a liturgical book containing only those portions of the four gospels which are read during Mass or in other public offices of the Church. The corresponding terms in Latin are and .
The Evangeliary developed from marginal notes in manuscripts of the Gospels and from lists of gospel readings (). Generally included at the beginning or end of the book containing the whole gospels, these lists indicated the days on which the various extracts or pericopes were to be read. They developed into books in which they were accompanied by the texts to which they referred, with the passages arranged in accordance with the liturgical year rather than in their order within the gospels themselves, and omitting passages not used in the liturgy.
Terminology.
The term "evangeliary" does not date back earlier than the 17th century, and refers to the collection of readings from the Acts of the Apostles. The Greeks themselves called such collections (, "the Gospel", literally "good message"), or (, "selections from the gospel").
In churches of the Latin Rite, the lessons from the Old Testament, the Epistles from the New Testament and portions of the Gospels are usually grouped in the same book, under the name (from the Latin word , "companion"), or ("lectionary; book of reading"). Separate Evangeliaria are seldom to be met with in Latin. The name for a table indicating passages to be read, as well as the Sundays and Holy Days on which they are to be read is typically known as a Capitulary (), but may also be called an Evangelistary (), a name sometimes given to the Evangeliaria proper.
In the Eastern Orthodox liturgy, a similar role is filled by the "Apostolos" (, ), the "Praxapostolos" (, ) and the "Aprakos" (, ).
The word "lectionary" is employed, however, to denote either the collection of passages from the Old and New Testaments, including the Gospels, or else these passages alone without the corresponding Gospels.
Origin and use.
Following the Jewish custom of the synagogue, the Scriptures of the Old Testament were read at the primitive Christian assemblies. According as the canon of the New Testament was decided on, certain extracts from it were included in these readings. The apologist St. Justin Martyr tells how in his day, when the Christians met together, they read the Memoirs of the Apostles and the writings of the Prophets (Apol., I, lxvii). Tertullian, Cyprian and other writers bear witness to the same custom; and in the West the clerical minor order of lector existed as early as the 3rd century.
For want of precise testimony, it is unknown how the particular passages were decided on. Most likely the presiding bishop chose them at the assembly itself; and on the occurrence of certain festivals the Scripture relating to them would be read. Little by little a more or less definite list would naturally result from this method. St. John Chrysostom in a homily delivered at Antioch exhorts his hearers to read beforehand the Scripture passages to be read and commented on in the Office of the day (Homilia de Lazaro, iii, c. i). In like manner other Churches would form a table of readings. In the margin of the manuscript text it was customary to note the Sunday or liturgical festival on which that particular passage would be read, and at the end of the manuscript, the list of such passages, the Synaxarium (Eastern name) or Capitulare (Western name), would be added. Transition from this process to the making of an Evangeliarium, or collection of all such passages, was easy. Gregory is of opinion that fragments of Evangeliaria in Greek dating from the fourth, fifth and sixth centuries are extant, and many from the ninth century onwards (according to Gregory they number 1072) are. In like manner, there are Lectionaries in the Latin Churches from as early as the fifth century. The Comes of the Roman Church dates from before St. Gregory the Great (P.L., XXX, 487-532). From the 10th century onwards there are the Gospel lessons, together with the Epistles and prayers, united in a new liturgical book, called the Missal.
Manuscript Evangeliaria and the text of the New Testament.
Manuscript Evangeliaria have little importance for the critic of the Gospel text. At the time when the various Gospel passages began to be collected in book form for use in liturgical reunions, the various families of the Gospel text and its translations were already in existence; and those Evangeliaria simply reproduce the particular text favoured by the Church which compiled it.
They have even exercised an unfortunate influence on the more recent manuscripts of the Gospels; certain additions of a liturgical nature (e.g., "in illo tempore; dixit Dominus") which were set at the beginning or end of a reading, have found their way into the text itself. But in the official text of the Vulgate, and in modern editions of the Greek text, owing to the labours of bible scholars like Tischendorf, Westcott and Hort, these liturgical glosses are very rare. There is one example in the Vulgate text: Luke, vii, 31 (ait autem Dominus).
Liturgy.
Greek Evangeliaria are consistently organized in two parts, the first containing Sunday Gospels beginning with Easter, the second containing Gospels for saints' days beginning with 1 September. Western Evangeliaria vary more in format, due to the differences of usage in different rites.
Ornamentation.
From the beginning the books used in the liturgy, and more particularly the Gospel manuscripts, were highly venerated, and therefore text and cover were often richly ornamented. From an artistic point of view the distinction between Evangeliaria strictly so called and Gospel manuscripts is of little importance and is generally disregarded. It consists merely in the fact that the illuminations of the Evangeliaria occur as a rule at those passages set apart for the greater festivals of the year. The coronation oath-book of Anglo-Saxon kings, which King Athelstan received apparently from his brother-in-law Otto I, and in turn presented to the cathedral church of Canterbury, is ornamented with figures of the Evangelists freely copied from those that adorn the Evangeliarium of Charlemagne preserved at Vienna. Gospels in rolls are known only from seeing them in miniatures, especially as emblems of the Four Evangelists, until well into the Middle Ages.
The roll of the Book of Joshua (9th-10th century: Vatican Library) is a specimen of what Evangeliaria in this form with miniatures were like. The roll form remained long in use for liturgical manuscripts at Milan and in southern Italy.
Costly Evangeliaria are noted above all for their clear and careful writing. They have helped to perpetuate and propagate certain styles of calligraphy.
The Greek uncial (lettering type) is used in many manuscripts of the 9th and 10th centuries; and the Latin uncial is also employed, especially in Gaul, far into the Middle Ages for Gospel and liturgical works. The copying of the Gospels influenced largely the writings of Irish and Anglo-Saxon scribes, and effected the spread of these characters over the European continent and the development of the Caroline minuscule and the semi-uncial of the school of Tours. The copyists of the Gospels made great use of other helps to beautify their penmanship, such as the use of purple parchment, liquid gold and silver and various coloured inks. The part played by Evangeliaria in the history of miniature painting until the twelfth and thirteenth centuries is very great. Especially noteworthy are the miniature insets to the Canons of Eusebius, or tables of Gospel concordance. Illuminated initial letters differed according to the various schools of writing; the Irish scribes used artistic knots and loops, the Merovingian and Lombard writers preferred animal forms, especially fish.
Illuminated scenes, of interest to the iconographist, are often to be met in these copies of the Gospel text. Frequently it is the figure of the Evangelist that stands at the head of his Gospel; the donor, or rather a sketch showing the donation of the book, is often found in miniatures from the days of Charlemagne to the end of the Middle Ages. The prince is shown receiving from the hands of the abbot the Evangeliarium he will use whenever he assists at the holy offices in the abbey church (e.g. the picture of Charles the Bald in the Vivien Bible, Bibliothèque Nationale, Paris). But in the 10th and 11th centuries the prince is shown offering the precious manuscript to Christ or to the patron saint of the church or abbey (cf. the Evangeliarium at Bamberg State Library showing the Emperor Henry II offering the book to Christ).
Precious examples.
Famous Evangeliaria include:
Valuable Evangeliaria were carefully treasured, and when used in the offices were placed on a strip of cloth or on a cushion. The back leaf of the binding was usually left plain, but the front cover was enriched with all the skill of the goldsmith. One of the most ancient bindings or covers known is that offered by the Lombard Queen Theodelinda (600) to the cathedral of Monza. At times plaques of ivory, resembling diptychs, were set into these bindings. The earliest of them were of Oriental or Italian origin, and bear isolated figures of Christ or the Blessed Virgin, etc. A number of them, to be found in the countries along the Rhine and the Meuse and in Northern France (10th and 11th centuries), have the scene of the Crucifixion.

</doc>
<doc id="6916342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916342" title="Lightning (software)">
Lightning (software)

Lightning is a project from the Mozilla Foundation originally designed as an extension ("add-on") that adds calendar and scheduling functionality to the Mozilla Thunderbird mail client and SeaMonkey internet suite. It superseded the previous Mozilla Sunbird and the older Mozilla Calendar extension. With version 38 of Thunderbird, the Lightning add-on was integrated and preloaded by default; since version 78 of Thunderbird (released 2020), Lightning is part of Thunderbird and no longer an add-on extension. Lightning is compatible with iCalendar calendars.
History.
The Lightning project was announced on December 22, 2004, in an effort to integrate Mozilla Sunbird into Mozilla Thunderbird. Sun Microsystems contributed significantly to the Lightning Project to provide users with an alternative free and open-source choice to Microsoft Office by combining OpenOffice.org and Thunderbird with the Lightning Extension. In addition to general bug-fixing, Sun focused on calendar views, team/collaboration features and support for the Sun Java System Calendar Server.
Version 0.9 was the last planned release for Thunderbird 2. A calendar was originally to be fully integrated into Thunderbird 3, but those plans were changed due to concerns with the product's maturity and level of support. Lightning 1.0b2 is compatible with Thunderbird 3.1, Lightning 1.0b5 is compatible with Thunderbird 5 and 6, and Lightning 1.0b7 is compatible with Thunderbird 7.
Lightning 1.0 was released to the public on November 7, 2011. It was released alongside Thunderbird 8.0. Following that, every Thunderbird release has been accompanied by a compatible Lightning point release. Lightning finally started shipping with Thunderbird with version 4.0, on Thunderbird 38.0.1 released in 2015. With the 2020 release of Thunderbird 78, Lightning is now a permanent part of the program.

</doc>
<doc id="6916344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916344" title="Formation and evolution of the solar system">
Formation and evolution of the solar system



</doc>
<doc id="6916346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916346" title="Terry McCann (wrestler)">
Terry McCann (wrestler)



</doc>
<doc id="6916352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916352" title="Evangialary">
Evangialary



</doc>
<doc id="6916353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916353" title="Matthias Georg Monn">
Matthias Georg Monn



</doc>
<doc id="6916354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916354" title="Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball">
Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball

The Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball program represents Georgetown University in NCAA Division I men's intercollegiate basketball and the Big East Conference. Georgetown has competed in men's college basketball since 1907. The current head coach of the program is Ed Cooley.
Georgetown won the national championship in 1984 and has made the Final Four on five occasions. They have won the Big East Conference tournament a record eight times, and have also won or shared the Big East regular season title ten times. They have appeared in the NCAA tournament 31 times and in the National Invitation Tournament 13 times.
The Hoyas historically have been well regarded not only for their team success, but also for generating players that have succeeded both on and off the court, producing NBA legends such as Patrick Ewing, Dikembe Mutombo, Alonzo Mourning, and Allen Iverson, as well as United States Congressman Henry Hyde and former NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue. Seven former Hoya players or coaches are members of the Basketball Hall of Fame.
History.
Early years (1907–1943).
Founded in the fall of 1906, the Georgetown men's basketball team played its first game on February 9, 1907, defeating the University of Virginia by a score of 22–11. In its first 60-some years, the program displayed only sporadic success. Until McDonough Gymnasium opened on campus for the 1950–51 season, the team changed home courts frequently, playing on campus at Ryan Gymnasium and off campus at McKinley Technology High School, Uline Arena, and the National Guard Armory, as well as playing individual home games at the University of Maryland's Ritchie Coliseum and The Catholic University of America's Brookland Gymnasium, among others. The downtown locations of these venues was also influenced by the number of Law School students who played on the team in this era. From 1918 through 1923, while on campus at Ryan Gymnasium, Georgetown managed a 52–0 home record under coach John O'Reilly. A large on-campus arena was proposed in 1927, but it was shelved during the Great Depression.
The team recruited its first All-American, Ed Hargaden, in 1931. From 1932 until 1939, the Hoyas played in the Eastern Intercollegiate Conference, and they were regular-season conference co-champions in 1939. In 1942, a Hoya went pro for the first time, when three seniors, Al Lujack, Buddy O'Grady, and Dino Martin, were drafted professionally upon graduation.
The next year the team, led by future congressman Henry Hyde, reached new heights and posted its first 20-win season ever, going 22–5 on the year. This success translated into a berth into the 1943 NCAA tournament, the school's first postseason appearance. Taking advantage of the opportunity, the Hoyas made it all the way to the National Championship game, where they ultimately lost to Wyoming. Georgetown's coach of this squad, Elmer Ripley, was later inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1973.
World War II and the lean years (1943–1972).
Coming off of the best season in school history, momentum was stalled as the program was suspended from 1943 to 1945 because of World War II. Following the hiatus the program struggled to find its footing, and it was rarely successful over the next three decades, only making two postseason appearances during this time period.
In 1953, former Baltimore Bullets player Buddy Jeannette coached the team to its first National Invitation Tournament invitation, but the team lost in the first round to Louisville. Top players from this period include Tom O'Keefe, the first Hoya to reach 1,000 career points in 1949–50, and future National Football League Commissioner Paul Tagliabue, who graduated second in Hoya career rebounds in 1962. O'Keefe returned to coach the team from 1960 until 1966. In 1966 the school hired John "Jack" Magee, who had led Boston College as a player to its first NCAA Tournament bid. Magee had some relative success early on, having several winning seasons behind Guard Jim Barry, Forward Richard Manewal and Center Paul Favorite that were capped off with an invite to the 1970 NIT, just its third post-season appearance ever. However, the team lost to LSU in the first round. A losing season the subsequent year, followed up with a three-win season in 1971–72, the worst in school history, ultimately led to his dismissal. This was the last time a Hoyas head coach suffered back-to-back losing seasons for over 35 years.
John Thompson era (1972–1999).
John Thompson Jr., played two seasons with the Boston Celtics before he achieved local notability coaching St. Anthony's High School in Washington, D.C., to several very successful seasons. Thompson was hired to coach Georgetown in 1972, and with recruits from St. Anthony's like Merlin Wilson, quickly and dramatically improved the team. Georgetown, while still independent, participated in the Eastern College Athletic Conference′s 1975 postseason ECAC South tournament, and after a 16–9 regular season found itself facing West Virginia in the conference tournament championship. Derrick Jackson's buzzer beater won Georgetown its first tournament championship, and a bid to the 1975 NCAA tournament. Georgetown repeated as ECAC South tournament champions the following year, beating George Washington University when Craig Esherick's buzzer beater sent the game to overtime, and as ECAC South-Upstate Tournament champions in the 1978-79 season, beating Syracuse University in Jim Boeheim's first game against the Hoyas as Syracuse's coach.
Prior to the 1979–80 season, Georgetown joined with six other schools, Providence, St. John's, Syracuse, Seton Hall, Connecticut, and Boston College to found a conference focused primarily on basketball. The Big East Conference provided Georgetown increased competition, and several of its longest rivalries. On February 13, 1980, in the final game at Manley Field House, Georgetown star Sleepy Floyd scored two last-second free-throws to snap No. 3 Syracuse's 57 game home winning streak, leading Coach Thompson to declare "Manley Field House is officially closed." They faced Syracuse again three weeks later in the first Big East tournament finals, winning 87–81. In the 1980 NCAA tournament, the team advanced to the Elite Eight, where they fell to the Iowa Hawkeyes on a last second foul call.
The team moved its home arena in the 1981-82 season to the Capital Centre in Landover, Maryland, to accommodate its growing fan base. It also marked the arrival of heralded recruit, Patrick Ewing, who became one of the first college players to start and star on a varsity team as a freshman. That year, Ewing led the Hoyas to their second Big East tournament title in school history, and a No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament. In the tournament, the Hoyas advanced to their first Final Four since 1943, where they defeated the University of Louisville 50–46, to set up a showdown in the NCAA Final against the University of North Carolina. In one of the most star-studded championship games in NCAA history, Ewing was called for goaltending five times in the first half (later revealed to be intentional at the behest of coach Thompson), setting the tone for the Hoyas and making his presence felt. The Hoyas led by one point late in the game, but a jumpshot by future NBA superstar Michael Jordan gave North Carolina the lead. Georgetown still had a chance at winning the game in the final seconds, but Freddy Brown mistakenly threw a bad pass directly to opposing player James Worthy, and North Carolina won 63–62.
For the 1982-83 season, Georgetown began the season as the No. 2 ranked team in the country. The early season included a highly anticipated matchup with No. 1 Virginia, and highly regarded center Ralph Sampson. Arenas nationwide jockeyed to host the matchup but Georgetown insisted on hosting it at the Capital Centre. WTBS won the rights to broadcast the game with a $550,000 bid, and it was billed as the "Game of the Decade". It became the first major college sports event telecasted exclusively on cable television. In the game, held on December 11, 1982, Virginias veteran team won, 68–63. The Hoyas went on to post a 22–10 record for the season and made another NCAA Tournament appearance, but were defeated in the second round of the tournament by Memphis State. This was the only season in Ewing's four-year Georgetown career where the team did not make it as least as far as the National Championship game.
In the 1983-84 season Georgetown again won the Big East conference regular season title, and faced Syracuse for the Big East tournament championship. In a physical and tightly contested contest, Georgetown won 82–71 in overtime, securing their third tournament title in the first five years of the newly formed conference. In the NCAA tournament, the No. 1 seeded Hoyas ultimately advanced to the Final Four for the third time in school history to face Kentucky, a team which had never lost a national semifinal game and was led by the "Twin Towers," Sam Bowie and Melvin Turpin. Georgetown was able to turn an early 12 point deficit into a 53–40 win to advance to the National Championship game. In the final, the Hoyas faced the University of Houston and future Hall of Fame center Hakeem Olajuwon, who were making their second straight National Championship game appearance. Georgetown led comfortably throughout the final, and went on to an 84–75 victory, giving the school its first NCAA Championship in school history. Ewing was named the tournament's Most Outstanding Player, while Thompson became the first African American coach to win an NCAA Division I title. Freddy Brown, who made the key turnover in the title game two years prior, was given the chance to raise the trophy first.
To begin the 1984-85 season, the defending champions opened the season as the No. 1 ranked team and won their first 18 games. On January 26, 1985, the St. John's University Redmen snapped the Hoyas' 29 game win streak (dating back to the prior season), in what was the first of an unprecedented four contests this season. Their next meeting on February 27, 1985, was one of the most anticipated games in college basketball history, with Georgetown and St. John's ranked No. 2 and No. 1 respectively. Coach Thompson entered Madison Square Garden wearing a shirt under his blazer in the same sweater pattern as St. John's coach Lou Carnesecca, and as a result the game became known as "the sweater game." The Hoyas easily won the game 85–69, and then defeated the Redmen again just a few weeks later in the 1985 Big East tournament finals, capturing their fourth title in six years. The teams met one more time, after both advanced to the Final Four in the NCAA tournament. Again No. 1 Georgetown was victorious, easily handling St. John's 77–59. In the title game the Hoyas found themselves matched up with another conference rival in Villanova, whom they had beaten twice that season. An overwhelming favorite going into the game, Georgetown was upset by the Wildcats 66–64, who shot a record 78.6 percent (22 of 28) from the floor, denying Georgetown back-to-back titles. Ewing graduated, having helped his team to a 121–23 record in his four years, and was the first player in school history to be drafted with the first overall pick.
Following the enormous heights of Ewing's four-year run, the program continued its success in the years that followed. Senior Reggie Williams led the Hoyas to both Big East regular season and tournament championships in the 1986–87 season. Freshman Alonzo Mourning and sophomore Dikembe Mutombo helped win both titles in the 1988–89 season. Mourning and Mutombo were both excellent shot blockers; Mourning led the nation in 1988–89, and fans created a "Rejection Row" section under the basket. They repeated both championships in the 1989–90 season and won the regular season title in the 1991-92 season.
In the 1994–95 season, newcomer Allen Iverson won the Big East Rookie of the Year award. During his two years at Georgetown, Iverson scored a Georgetown-record 22.9 points per game. In 1995–96, he propelled the Hoyas to a major upset over the Connecticut Huskies during the season, but Georgetown later lost to the Huskies in the final seconds of that year's Big East tournament. In the NCAA tournament, the Hoyas came up one game short of the Final Four, losing to the University of Massachusetts, the top ranked team in the country.
In the 1996–97 season, with an 11–7 conference record, the Hoyas won the regular season Big East 7 Division title for the second year in a row, but fell in the first round of the 1997 NCAA tournament. In December 1997, just after the beginning of the 1997-98 season, the team moved back into Washington, D.C., with the construction of a new arena, the Verizon Center (originally MCI Center), in Chinatown. The 1997-98 campaign ended in an overtime loss to Georgia Tech in the NIT.
Thompson retired abruptly in the midst of the 1998–99 season on January 8, 1999, citing marriage problems, and was replaced by his assistant Craig Esherick. Under Thompson, 26 players were chosen in the NBA draft, eight in the first round, including two players selected first overall; Ewing by the New York Knicks in 1985 and Iverson by the Philadelphia 76ers in 1996. Over his seasons, Thompson's Hoyas went an impressive 596–239 (.714), running off a streak of 24 postseason appearances with 20 in the NCAA tournament and four in the NIT. He was honored as the National Coach of the Year three times during his career at Georgetown, and was inducted into the Basketball Hall of Fame in 1999.
Craig Esherick era (1999–2004).
Craig Esherick coached the Georgetown Hoyas basketball squad from January 1999 to March 2004. Esherick was a four-year player for the men's basketball team from 1974 to 1978 and then the lead assistant coach under John Thompson Jr. from 1981 to 1999. The team finished with a 15–15 record in his first season – going 8–10 after Thompson resigned and Esherick took over –before losing to Princeton in the first round of the 1999 NIT. They improved in 1999-2000, going 19–15 and accepting an invitation to the 2000 NIT. After winning the first-round game in triple overtime over Virginia, the Hoyas lost in the second-round game to California.
In 2000–01, led by future top NBA Draft pick Michael Sweetney, they made the NCAA tournament after finishing 23–7 in the regular season. In the opening round of the NCAA tournament the 7th-seeded Hoyas advanced past 10th-seeded Arkansas on a game-winning shot at the buzzer by Nat Burton. The Hoyas subsequently beat Hampton, and then lost to third-seeded Maryland in the Sweet Sixteen.
In 2001–02, the Hoyas went 19–11, barely missing an NCAA tournament bid. The team rejected a bid to the 2002 NIT bid because of travel-arrangement issues associated with the players' ability to attend classes, resulting in their first season without a postseason tournament since 1973-74. In 2002-03, the Hoyas finished the regular season with a 19–15 record, and accepted a bid to the 2003 NIT, where they made it to the final but lost to Big East rival St. John's. Sweetney was named a second-team All-American and was drafted with the ninth pick in the 2002 NBA draft by the New York Knicks.
In Esherick's final season, 2003–04, the Hoyas struggled to a 13–15 overall record and a dismal 4–12 Big East record, and for the first time since the 1973–74 season received no invitation to either the NCAA tournament or the NIT. The 13 wins were the team's fewest since the 1973–74 season and Esherick was fired after seasons as head coach on March 15, 2004, five days after an opening-round loss in the Big East tournament to Boston College. He had posted a 103–74 (.597) record during his tenure as head coach. Georgetown began a national search for a new coach after Esherick's firing that resulted in the hiring of John Thompson III.
John Thompson era (2004–2017).
On April 21, 2004, John Thompson III was selected as the head coach of the Hoyas. The son of the legendary Hoyas coach took over the position after over a decade at Princeton University. The younger Thompson was a player for the Tigers from 1984 to 1988, was an assistant coach at Princeton from 1995 to 2000, and then took over as head coach at Princeton until his move to the Hoyas. Thompson's head coaching stint at Princeton was marked with success as he led the Tigers to three Ivy League titles, two NCAA Tournament appearances and one NIT appearance.
Thompson brought with him an adaptation of the Princeton offense as an offensive philosophy to Georgetown. He had learned it under the tutelage of legendary coach Pete Carril at Princeton and began to adjust the strategy to the more athletic players he would be coaching at Georgetown. Thompson III also immediately brought two new assistant coaches to Georgetown in Robert Burke and Kevin Broadus.
Thompson inherited three players that Esherick had recruited: Jeff Green, Roy Hibbert, Tyler Crawford and RaMell Ross. He also brought with him a former Princeton recruit, Jonathan Wallace and saw the return of two major contributors from the previous Georgetown team in Brandon Bowman, Ashanti Cook, and Darrel Owens. John Thompson III's first notable win with the team took place on January 21, 2006, in the 16th game of the 2005–06 season, when unranked Georgetown upset No. 1 Duke. This was Georgetown's first win over a No. 1 ranked team in 21 years.
The 2006–07 season marked the centennial of Hoya hoops, which was celebrated by honoring some of the team's most famous alumni at the Georgetown-Marquette game on February 10, 2007. Led by juniors Green, Hibbert, Wallace, Patrick Ewing Jr., the son of the Georgetown player from the elder Thompson era, the Hoyas won their first regular-season Big East Championship since 1992 and defeated Pittsburgh to win their first Big East tournament championship since 1989. Jeff Green was named the Big East Player of the Year and the tournament's Most Outstanding Player. In the NCAA tournament, the Hoyas beat North Carolina in the Regional Final when their defense caused North Carolina to suffer an improbable collapse in which UNC missed 22 of their final 23 field goal attempts. The Hoyas then advanced to the Final Four where they fell to an Ohio State team led by Greg Oden.
The 2007–08 Hoyas finished with a regular season record of 27–5, and again won the conference regular season title. They lost to Pittsburgh in the Big East tournament championship game. They received a No. 2 seed in the NCAA tournament, where they lost their second-round game. After the season, Roy Hibbert, Jonathan Wallace, and Patrick Ewing Jr. all graduated, while Vernon Macklin and Jeremiah Rivers both transferred from the school.
The Hoyas began their 2008–09 season ranked No. 22 AP/No. 18 Coaches, however, college basketball's toughest strength of schedule eventually wore down a team that was also one of the youngest. The Hoyas were 7–11 in Big East play for a 12th-place finish, followed by a first-round loss in the Big East tournament. The Hoyas accepted a bid to the NIT, but lost in the first round to Baylor.
In 2009–10, the team finished the season 23–11, and 10–8 in Big East play. They advanced to the championship game of the Big East tournament before losing to West Virginia. They received an at–large bid to the NCAA tournament, earning a No. 3 seed in the Midwest Region, where they were upset by No. 14 seed Ohio in the first round. Greg Monroe entered the NBA draft as a sophomore and was selected by the Detroit Pistons.
The 2010–11 team was led by Austin Freeman and Chris Wright. The team scored multiple early wins over ranked teams, including an overtime win at No. 9 Missouri, but their stumbles at the end of the season coincided with Wright breaking his hand and missing three games. The team received an at-large bid as a No. 6 seed, but lost in their first game of the NCAA tournament to No. 11-seeded and eventual Final Four participant VCU.
Prior to the 2011–12 season, the Hoyas made a goodwill trip to China for several matches with local teams. U.S. Vice President Joe Biden attended their first game, a win over the Shanxi Zhongyu Brave Dragons. Their second game against the Bayi Rockets, however, ended in a brawl, causing the team to leave the court while Chinese fans threw garbage and debris. Georgetown won its final games, against the Liaoning Dinosaurs and the Taiwanese national team without incident. The Hoyas finished the season in fourth place in the Big East and received a bid to the NCAA tournament as a No. 3 seed in the Midwest. After a win in the second round, they were upset by No. 11-seeded NC State.
The 2012–13 season saw the Hoyas as the top overall seed in the Big East tournament based on a tiebreaker, but lost in the semifinals. Georgetown received a bid as a No. 2 seed in the South bracket in the NCAA tournament, facing tournament newcomer Florida Gulf Coast University in the second round. Georgetown lost to the 15th-seeded Eagles 78–68, the seventh number two seed to lose to a 15 seed. It was the fourth consecutive season the Hoyas were eliminated by a double-digit seed in the NCAA tournament.
The 2013–14 season was the team's first after Georgetown and six other schools left the original Big East Conference and joined Butler, Creighton, and Xavier in forming the new Big East Conference – part of a major conference realignment in which several other teams moved to the Atlantic Coast Conference from the old Big East and the old Big East became the American Athletic Conference. Like the previous year, the 2013–14 season started abroad, with the Hoyas playing in the Armed Forces Classic at Camp Humphreys near Pyeongtaek, South Korea. After a 17–13 regular-season record followed by an upset in the first round of the Big East tournament at the hands of last-place DePaul, the team received a No. 4 seed in the NIT, losing in the second round to top-seeded Florida State.
In 2014–15, the Hoyas rebounded from their previous season's performance. Ranked as high as No. 21 at times, they completed the regular season with a 20–7 record and a second-place finish in the Big East, and advanced to the semifinals of the Big East tournament before losing to Xavier. Ranked No. 22 in the country, they received a No. 4 seed in the NCAA tournament, but lost to Utah in the third round.
The Hoyas under Thompson III struggled for the next two years. They began their 2015–16 season with a four-game exhibition trip to Italy and Switzerland, and early in the regular season defeated No. 14 Syracuse, but then staggered to a 15–18 finish. They failed to receive an invitation to either the NCAA tournament or the NIT for the first time since 2004 and only the second time since 1974.
During the 2016–17 season, Georgetown defeated three ranked teams—No. 13 Oregon, No. 16 Creighton, and No. 11 Butler—as well as their former Big East rivals Syracuse and Connecticut, but they finished ninth in the Big East with a 5–13 conference record—the most losses they had ever suffered in a season in either version of the Big East Conference—and lost to St. John's in the first round of the 2017 Big East tournament to finish 14–18. They missed both the NCAA tournament and the NIT for the second straight year, the first time they had missed the postseason in back-to-back seasons since 1974, and Thompson became the first Georgetown head coach to preside over consecutive losing seasons since John "Jack" Magee in 1970–71 and 1971–72. On March 23, 2017, Georgetown officials announced that Thompson had been fired.
Patrick Ewing era (2017–2023).
On April 3, 2017, Georgetown University announced that it had hired Patrick Ewing, the school's most decorated player, as its head coach. In his four years as a player at Georgetown, Ewing led the Hoyas to three Big East championships, three Final Fours, and the 1984 National Championship. Prior to taking over as the program's head coach, Ewing had spent the previous thirteen years as an assistant coach in the NBA, working for four different franchises under the tutelage of coaches such as Jeff Van Gundy, Stan Van Gundy, and Steve Clifford.
In 2017–18, Georgetown finished with a 15–15 record and 5–13 in the Big East. The Hoyas won the first eight games of Ewing's tenure and finished their non-conference schedule with a 10–1 record, but struggled in conference play. The season ended with a 88–77 loss to St. John's in the first round of the Big East tournament. The team did not participate in any postseason tournament.
In Ewing's second season, the 2018–19 team finished 19–12 and 9–9 in the Big East, in a four-way tie for third place in the conference, their highest finish since 2015. At the conclusion of the conference schedule, Jesse Govan was named First Team All-Big East, James Akinjo was named Big East Freshman of the Year, and Mac McClung and Josh LeBlanc were named to the All-Big East Freshman Team. The Hoyas lost their first game in the 2019 Big East tournament to Seton Hall 73–57. They were selected to play in the 2019 NIT, their first postseason appearance since 2015, but dropped their first-round game 71–68 to Harvard.
The following season the 2019–20 Hoyas finished 15–17 and 5–13 in the Big East. In November, the team participated in the Empire Classic at Madison Square Garden in New York City where they beat No. 22 Texas 82–66 and moved to the final to face No. 1 Duke. Despite having a double-digit lead in the first half vs Duke, the Hoyas ultimately fell 81–73. Playing with only 9 scholarship players following several defections and injuries, the Hoyas lost their final 7 games, including a 75–62 loss in the opening round of the 2020 Big East tournament to St. John's. All postseason tournaments were subsequently cancelled due to COVID-19.
The 2020–21 Hoyas finished the season 10–13 and 7–9 in the Big East. Before the season started, leading scorer Mac McClung announced his decision to transfer to Texas Tech. Because of COVID-19 protocols, the team played all of its home games on campus at McDonough Arena without fans. After a 74–69 loss at Syracuse, the team went on a 21-day pause due to COVID-19 protocols. After the hiatus, the team returned to win six of its next ten games. The Hoyas' 7–9 record resulted in an eighth-place finish in the conference. At the 2021 Big East tournament, the team won its first tournament game under Ewing, with a 68–49 victory over Marquette in the opening round, then followed that up with wins against top-seeded Villanova and Seton Hall, sending them to the title game where they defeated Creighton 73–48 for their first title since 2007, and the eighth in school history, extending their own conference record. The Hoyas earned a 12 seed in the NCAA tournament, where they lost their opening round game to Colorado 96–73.
The following season, the 2021–22 Hoyas were unable to build off their unlikely March run the prior season, and they suffered their worst season in school history. Georgetown lost all 19 conference games they played that season. They also set a school record for most losses in a season with 25, finishing the year at 6–25. The season ended with a 57–53 loss in the 2022 Big East tournament to Seton Hall. Despite some rumblings about his job security, Ewing was retained by the university for the following season.
Despite some optimism with several high-impact transfers brought in over the off-season, the 2022–23 Hoyas failed to improve from the prior year's low. The team would lose its first 9 conference games, extending the record of consecutive conference game losses to 29, until they eventually beat DePaul 81–76 on January 24, at Capital One Arena. The Hoyas would only win more game after this point and finished the year at 7–25, matching the program's high water mark for losses, just set the previous season. The team lost in the 2023 Big East tournament 48–80 to Villanova. The following day, the university announced that Ewing would not return as coach, ending his six-year run at his alma mater. His Georgetown coaching career ended with a record of 75–109 (.408) and 28–81 (.257) in the Big East; both are the lowest winning percentages for a coach in the modern era of the program.
Ed Cooley era (2023–present).
On March 20, 2023, Ed Cooley accepted an offer to become the new head coach of the Georgetown Hoyas men's basketball team after 12 years in the same role at conference rival Providence College. The decision to hire Cooley was praised as a move likely to strengthen the program.
The 2023–2024 Hoyas started the season 7–4, with a notable last second win at Notre Dame, its first victory over the Irish on the road since the 2013 season (when they were a fellow member of the Big East). The team lost several close games in conference play, including its much anticipated matchup against Providence, one of the most watched college basketball games of the season. Ultimately Georgetown finished 2–18 in the league and 9–23 overall. The two league wins however matched the number of wins the Hoyas had the prior two seasons combined in Big East play.
The 2024–2025 season began with a completely overhauled roster, headlined by Top 50 high school recruit Thomas Sorber, the reigning Ivy League freshman of the year Malik Mack (from Harvard), and highly regarded graduate transfer Micah Peavy (from TCU). The Hoyas got out to their best start in over a decade, as they began the year 12–2. The strong start included Cooley's first win at rival Syracuse in the 100th matchup of the storied rivalry, and a 3–0 record to begin Big East play with wins over Creighton, Seton Hall and Xavier. Georgetown struggled with injuries down the stretch, most significantly losing Sorber for the season in early February. Georgetown was selected to play in the inaugural 2025 College Basketball Crown postseason tournament in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Hoyas won their opening round game versus Washington State, 85–82 before losing in the Quarterfinals to Nebraska 81–69. The finished the year 18-16 (8-12 in the Big East). In June, at the 2025 NBA Draft, two Hoyas were selected. Thomas Sorber went 15th overall to the Oklahoma City Thunder and Micah Peavy went 40th overall to the Washington Wizards, marking the sixth time since 1980 a pair of Georgetown teammates were selected in the same draft.
Awards and honors.
Naismith Player of the Year Award
Associated Press Player of the Year
Most Outstanding Player of the NCAA tournament
Big East Player of the Year
Big East Rookie of the Year
Big East Defensive Player of the Year
First Team All-American
Second Team All-American
Third Team All-American
Honorable Mention All-American
National Coach of the Year
Big East Coach of the Year
Season-by-season results.
Conference Championships: 11
Conference tournament championships: 11
NCAA Tournament
National Invitation Tournament
Postseason history.
NCAA tournament seeds.
"The NCAA began seeding the tournament with the 1979 edition."
NCAA tournament results.
Georgetown has made 31 appearances in the NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament. They have a record of 47–30. The Hoyas won the national championship in 1984. 
NIT results.
The Hoyas have gone to the National Invitation Tournament 13 times and declined their invitation on a 14th occasion. They have a record of 15–14.
CBC results.
Georgetown has appeared in the College Basketball Crown once. Their overall record is 1–1.
Traditions.
Rivalries.
Syracuse University
Georgetown's biggest rival is Syracuse. The two schools have been playing each other since 1930, but their rivalry was solidified in the 1980s as the respective programs were the leading powers during the infancy of the newly formed Big East conference. In 1980, the first season of new conference, Georgetown famously ended Syracuse's 57-game home winning streak in the final game to be played at Manley Field House before moving to the Carrier Dome. After the win, Georgetown coach John Thompson declared, "Manley Field House is officially closed". Weeks later, the two schools met in the inaugural Big East Championship, with Georgetown prevailing 87–81. The teams met in four Big East tournament championship games during the 1980s, with Georgetown winning all four contests.
The animosity between the programs was further extended when Syracuse announced their decision to leave the Big East effective in 2013 to join the ACC, forcing the split of "Catholic Seven" and the football-playing schools. This led to the creation of the reformed Big East Conference and the American Athletic Conference. However, Georgetown and Syracuse have continued to play each other in all but one of the years following their exit from the conference. The rivalry is currently renewed through the 2024–25 season.
Villanova University
As a fellow Catholic institution and conference foe, Villanova has been a natural rival for the Hoyas for many years. The schools are arguably two of the most successful programs among the group of teams that currently make up the Big East Conference. The rivalry is best known for the 1985 NCAA Championship Game where No. 8-seeded Villanova shocked the highly favored and top-ranked Hoyas 66–64, preventing Georgetown from winning back-to-back titles.
Among current Big East Conference foes, Georgetown and Villanova are the closest in proximity, with roughly 100 miles separating the campuses.
St. John's University
Having first played each other in 1909, St. John's is one of Georgetown's oldest rivals. The two teams played off and on since that first contest until 1965, when they began annually scheduled games, and they only intensified when both programs became founding members of the Big East Conference in 1979. The rivalry was brought to national attention during the 1984-85 NCAA Division I men's basketball season when both programs were ranked No. 1 and No. 2 throughout the season and met on a total of four occasions, including the famous "Sweater Game" at Madison Square Garden, the 1985 Big East Championship, and the 1985 Final Four. The Hoyas won 3 of the 4 matchups that year.
The rivalry gained renewed interest when both schools remained in the new Big East Conference following the many iterations of conference alignment.
University of Connecticut
An original member of the Big East, UConn and Georgetown battled for conference supremacy for multiple decades, until UConn left the conference to join the American Athletic Conference in 2013. One of the most intense periods for the rivalry was the 1995–1996 season where both teams found themselves ranked in the Top 5 throughout most of the year, led by stars Allen Iverson and Ray Allen respectively. During the regular season, Georgetown upset then ranked No. 3 UConn in Washington, D.C., but a few weeks later at Madison Square Garden, UConn prevailed in a classic Big East tournament Final 75–74, on a last second shot by Allen.
UConn is the only team to match Georgetown's record of 10 regular season titles and 8 conference tournament titles. The schools continued to play each other in their non-conference schedule, and have renewed their rivalry now that UConn has returned to the league in 2020.
Blue and gray.
Georgetown's official colors are blue and gray. The colors were selected in 1876 by the Georgetown College Boat Club (the original crew team) in honor of Georgetown students and alumni who wore the Union blue and Confederate gray in the Civil War. A student committee declared blue and gray "as appropriate colors for the Boat Club and expressive of the feeling of unity between the Northern and Southern boys of the College", and recommended its adoption for the team. By the time the men's varsity basketball team was formed, the blue and gray colors were already widely adopted by the school.
Presently, Georgetown is one of the few teams to wear gray as their primary home uniform color, as traditionally teams wear white uniforms at home (though the Hoyas do have a white alternate jersey that is worn on occasion). Fans are generally encouraged to wear gray to home games, and sellouts are referred to as a "gray out."
Kenner League.
Each summer Georgetown University's McDonough Gymnasium hosts the Kenner League. Named after one of the founders and first director of the Metropolitan Police Boys' and Girls' Club of Washington, D.C., the Kenner league is the only NCAA sanctioned summer league in Washington, D.C. Formed in 1982, the league allows Georgetown players to continue their development in an NCAA-structured environment, and to stay within view of watchful eyes on a college campus (even if the coaches were not allowed there by NCAA rules). From its humble beginnings, the Kenner legacy continued to build throughout the 1980s, with coverage in "The Washington Post" beginning around 1986, then a high school bracket following soon thereafter, and ultimately the arrival of "senior" teams featuring a mix of former Georgetown players, visiting NBA stars, and local hoop legends.
Kenner continued to grow, with more fans making the trip weekly to the gymnasium for a series of weeknight and weekend games each summer. As new recruits arrived at Georgetown, following them at the Kenner League became a priority for fans. Many fans might think Georgetown runs the Kenner League, but it does not. The league is an independent effort, whose organizers must raise money from Nike and team sponsors to cover the cost of officials, jerseys, and other organizational costs, and maintain NCAA certification. As summer leagues go, Kenner is among the longest running of its kind. Since the league has been in existence, nearly 200 Georgetown players have played in the Kenner League. After nearly a two-year break due to COVID-19, Kenner League returned in the summer of 2022.
Alumni.
The Hoyas have an excellent history of preparing players for the NBA. Two Hoyas were the NBA first overall draft picks: Patrick Ewing in 1985 and Allen Iverson in 1996. Alonzo Mourning was the second overall pick in the 1992 draft. Dikembe Mutombo also was drafted in the first round, 4th overall Other alumni have gone undrafted, but entered the NBA later, such as Jaren Jackson in 1989 and Henry Sims and Chris Wright in 2013, and 3-time NBA Dunk Contest champion, Mac McClung
Several Hoya basketball players are famous purely for their off-court accomplishments. Brendan Gaughan, who walked onto the basketball squad, is a driver in NASCAR's Truck Series and also raced one season in the Cup Series. James L. Jones, who played for the Hoyas in the mid-1960s before joining the Marine Corps, went on to become Commandant of the Marine Corps, Supreme Allied Commander Europe, and President Obama's National Security Advisor. Paul Tagliabue, who played in the early 1960s and was one of the leading rebounders in school history, became Commissioner of the National Football League from 1989 to 2006 and later served as Georgetown's Chairman of the board of directors. Henry Hyde, who led Georgetown to its first national final, was elected a member of Congress from Illinois and Chairman of House Judiciary Committee. He received the nation's highest civilian honor, the Medal of Freedom. William Shea, who played in the 1920s, was the New York attorney who brought the New York Mets to the city. Shea Stadium, now demolished and replaced on-site by the Mets' current home of Citi Field, was named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6916355" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916355" title="Khmelnytsky Revolt">
Khmelnytsky Revolt



</doc>
<doc id="6916357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916357" title="Constant Shallowness Leads to Evil">
Constant Shallowness Leads to Evil

Constant Shallowness Leads to Evil is a CD by Coil, released the same year as "Queens of the Circulating Library". Like "Queens", this album originally came packaged only in a pink c-shell case, with no official cover art except the on-disc printing.
According to the credits, "Coil were Thighpaulsandra, John Balance, &amp; Peter Christopherson. Thanks to Simon Norris."
The track names provided are "Higher Beings Command", "I Am the Green Child", "Beige", "Lowest Common Abominator", "Free Base Chakra", and "Tunnel of Goats". The track listing is rather mysterious as it only lists six tracks while 23 tracks are actually pressed on the CD. The most commonly given explanation (including that of the official archive) is that the final song title, "Tunnel of Goats", is that of an 18-track suite which is, along with the trio of tracks before it, the main musical basis of the live opus "Constant Shallowness Leads to Evil". Release notes for the 2022 remaster state that this track layout was "intended to scramble the functionality of a CD player's shuffle mode[...]".
The release is unique in Coil's catalog for several things not unusual to the band separately: it is very noisy and nearly devoid of conventional instruments and vocals. John Balance's singing appears only on "I Am the Green Child" and minimally on "Tunnel of Goats", while Tom Edwards plays marimba on the former. However, their live act prominently featured Edwards's playing and, unlike the original, the live version of "Higher Beings Command" does include vocals.
The following warning appears after the track listing: "May Cause Drowsiness – Do Not Play While Driving or Operating Machinery".
The catalogue number is ESKATON 24. "Coil Presents Time Machines" has the similar catalog number of ESKATON CD24.
In 2022, Dais Records remastered and reissued the album as a 2-LP set (seven different pressings on different colours of vinyl, with some having lenticular covers), CD and Bandcamp download. The remaster was done by Josh Bonati, while official cover art was created by Nathaniel Young.

</doc>
<doc id="6916358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916358" title="Don Adams (disambiguation)">
Don Adams (disambiguation)

Don Adams (1923–2005) was an American actor.
Don Adams may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6916369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916369" title="Temple ov Psychick Youth">
Temple ov Psychick Youth



</doc>
<doc id="6916370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916370" title="Georgetown Men's Basketball">
Georgetown Men's Basketball



</doc>
<doc id="6916375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916375" title="Ulla Sandbæk">
Ulla Sandbæk

Ulla Margrethe Sandbæk (born 1943) is a former Danish Member of the European Parliament for the June Movement.
She served from 1994 to 2004. She was responsible for the Sandbæk report that resulted in a European Union regulation increasing funding for the United Nations Population Fund, which controversially included funding abortion.
In 2015, she was elected to the Danish parliament for the pro-European The Alternative.

</doc>
<doc id="6916380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916380" title="Arthur C. Pillsbury">
Arthur C. Pillsbury



</doc>
<doc id="6916382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916382" title="Johann Georg Monn">
Johann Georg Monn



</doc>
<doc id="6916384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916384" title="Asian Handball Women Championship">
Asian Handball Women Championship



</doc>
<doc id="6916385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916385" title="Kirk Bowman">
Kirk Bowman

Robert Kirk Bowman (born September 30, 1952) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey winger. He played 10 games in the World Hockey Association with the Los Angeles Sharks during the 1973–74 season and 88 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks between 1976 and 1979. He currently does periodic work on behalf of the Blackhawk Alumni Association.

</doc>
<doc id="6916387" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916387" title="Leo Najo">
Leo Najo

Leonardo "Leo Najo" Alanís (17 February 1899 – 25 April 1978) was one of the first Mexican-born players to play professional baseball in the United States, debuting in 1924 with the San Antonio Bears of the Class A Texas League. After early success in the minor leagues, he was drafted by the major league Chicago White Sox in 1925. Although a leg injury, and possibly racial prejudice, stifled his major league career, Najo moved on to enjoy a lengthy and productive career both in the U.S. minor leagues and in the Mexican League. In 1939, he became the first player selected to the Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame, known as Salón de la Fama del Beisbol Profesional de México. In 2001, Minor League Baseball named Leo Najo's 1932 Tulsa Oilers team as one of the top 100 minor league teams of all time, in part because of his contributions."
Early life and career.
Leo Najo was born "Leonardo Alanís" on February 17, 1899 in the small town of La Lajilla, located in the municipality of Doctor Coss in Nuevo León, Mexico. When Najo was 10, his mother moved the family to the nearby town of Mission, Texas, where she purchased a small tavern and operated it successfully for many years afterward. Najo lived in Mission for the rest of his life. The family's financial stability allowed the youth to spend much of his time playing the relatively new game of baseball, which was very popular along the Texas-Mexico border at the start of the 20th century.
In the early 1920s, Najo and several other young men in Mission formed a town semi-pro team, the "Mission 30-30s", named after the Winchester Model 1894 rifle, which was popularly known as the 30-30 rifle. The 30-30s became a baseball institution in Mission, existing until the mid-1960s. A number of famous South Texans besides Najo played on the 30-30s team, including future Dallas Cowboys coach Tom Landry and future U.S. Congressman Kika de la Garza.
Because playing semi-pro ball in Mission was only bringing in about $6 per week, Najo also played for other South Texas teams, including the Milmo Bank team of Laredo, Texas. Najo also played with some of the very earliest organized teams in Mexico, including the Cuauhtemoc Brewery team of Monterrey in 1922. The Cuauhtemocs are viewed by baseball historians as an important early Mexican franchise and a forerunner of the highly successful Sultanes de Monterrey in the modern Mexican League.
It was during Najo's early, semi-pro playing days that he began using "Najo" as his playing name. Relatives believe the name derived from the Spanish word for rabbit, "conejo", given to Najo by fans because of his fast base running.
Because of his natural speed and catching ability, Najo mostly played center field, although he often played the other outfield positions and, rarely, the infield. In addition to being an above-average hitter (.321 lifetime batting average), Najo excelled at drawing walks and stealing bases, and he was often the team's leadoff hitter. In his twenties, he stood 5-foot-9 and weighed 144 pounds.
From the semi-pros to the pros.
During the early 1920s, Najo's Milmo Bank team occasionally traveled to San Antonio, Texas, for games against semi-pro teams there. During one of these visits, Najo was "discovered" by a scout with the San Antonio Bears of the Class A Texas League. He was signed in December 1923 and played his first pro game on April 16, 1924, at San Antonio's League Park, leading off and playing right field for the Bears against the Galveston Sand Crabs. By his participation in that game, he became one of the first Mexicans to play U.S. professional baseball. Baseball historians also believe Najo was the first Mexican to play in the Texas League, which was established in 1888.
Later in 1924, forced to reduce their roster, the San Antonio Bears "lent" Najo to the Class D Tyler Trojans, where he led the team to the championship of the East Texas League, finishing third in the league in batting and earning a .992 fielding average. Najo received recognition for his fast base running and acrobatic catches in the outfield.
Najo played almost the entire 1925 season on loan from San Antonio to the Class C Okmulgee Drillers of the Western Association. He played in 142 games, mostly at center field, hit 34 home runs, made 213 hits, and compiled a .381 batting average. After the season, league president J. Warren Seabough told the "Chicago Daily Tribune", "Leo Najo ... is one of the greatest players of all time in the Western Association."
Drafted by the Chicago White Sox.
Following Najo's success with the Okmulgee Drillers, the Chicago White Sox drafted him in the winter of 1925, and thus he became, most historians agree, the first Mexican player ever taken by a major league team. A November 8, 1925 "Washington Post" article refers to Najo as “one of the greatest baseball players of all time.”
He appeared in a number of spring training games for the White Sox in 1926, seven years before Mel Almada officially became the first Mexican player to earn a regular roster spot in the U.S. major leagues. According to newspaper accounts of the day, Judge Kenesaw Mountain Landis, baseball’s first commissioner, watched Najo play in exhibition games in 1926. Decades later, in 1973, another baseball commissioner, Bowie Kuhn, attended Najo's induction into the Salón de la Fama del Beisbol Profesional de México in Monterrey.
Najo's spring training statistics indicate that he played well enough to make the major league team. However, on the final day of spring training, Najo was released to the San Antonio Bears. The "Chicago Daily Tribune" reported, "The Sox squad was cut down by one today when Najo ... was shipped to the San Antonio club to which he has been released outright. There are others tonight awaiting the signal to move."
Although the exact reason for his dismissal remains a mystery, Najo's family suspects that the decision was due, at least in part, to racial prejudice among the major league players and team officials. The White Sox attempted to portray Najo, who was of dark complexion and spoke limited English, as a Native American ("Chief Najo") due to prevailing racism against Mexicans. Najo family members say that, although he remained upbeat and dedicated to his love of baseball, racial prejudice did adversely affect his career.
Suspicious injury.
In releasing Najo to San Antonio, Chicago retained the right to call him back up to the majors as the season progressed. It appears likely that Najo would have gotten another shot with the White Sox as long as he continued to play well in San Antonio ... and remained healthy.
On July 7, 1926, Najo was seriously injured during a game with the Houston Buffaloes when another outfielder, Ping Bodie, collided with him while both players were running full speed to catch a fly ball. The burly Bodie, who normally played first base and had only been with the team for a month, ran over the much smaller Najo and landed on top of him. The result was that Najo's leg was severely broken midway between the knee and the ankle, ending his season and also ending his chances of returning to the major leagues.
San Antonio's Spanish-language newspaper, "La Prensa", reported, "Najo's collision with Bodie, plus the fact that Bodie landed on top of him, caused the popular Mexican player to break his left leg below the knee. Najo had to be helped off the field on the shoulders of other players... In reality, this is a death blow to San Antonio's chances of winning the championship of the Texas League. Not only was Najo one of the best outfielders in the league, but he was a consistently excellent hitter with a batting average above .300. In addition, his incredible speed made him a top base stealer."
Some Najo admirers say that Najo's injury may have been the result of a conspiracy to damage his baseball career. These conspiracy theorists say that Najo was actually only days away from rejoining the Chicago White Sox and that Bodie deliberately plowed into Najo due to jealousy, racism, or because somebody paid him to injure Najo. They point out that Bodie had recently joined the team, that he was unaccustomed to playing in the outfield, that he was much taller and heavier than Najo, and that he left the team shortly after injuring Najo.
Najo's career resumes after injury.
Despite the serious setback to his career, Najo returned to action in 1927 with the San Antonio Bears. He batted around .300 and had a fielding average of .960 or better in two seasons with San Antonio (1927, 1928), two seasons with the Omaha Crickets / Packers of the Western League (1929, 1930), and a season split between Omaha and San Antonio in 1931.
On May 27, 1928, playing at League Park in San Antonio against the Beaumont Exporters, Najo set a Minor League record for most outfield putouts (12) in one game. Although the record has since been broken, it stood for many years.
Prior to the start of the 1932 season, Najo was traded to the Tulsa Oilers of the Western League. Baseball historians believe that Najo's contributions to this historic Tulsa team are an important reason it having been named one of Minor League Baseball's 100 best teams of all time. Baseball historians Bill Weiss and Marshall Wright wrote, "The 1932 Tulsa Oilers were a one-season wonder, entering and exiting the Western League in a short few months. However, despite their brief stay, the team left a lasting legacy, finishing with the top winning percentage (.671) in league history... Center fielder Leo Najo, who hit .323, was one of the first Mexican players in Organized Baseball. Najo, a native La Lajilla, Nuevo Leon, had a career average of.321 in 1,318 games, mostly with San Antonio and Omaha."
The peak of Najo's playing career coincided with America’s Great Depression, during which the industry of professional baseball, like most others, fell on hard times. Members of his family believe that the Depression was a significant factor in keeping Najo from attempting a return to the major leagues.
Although expected to return to Tulsa for the 1933 season, Najo had a salary dispute with the team and left minor league baseball at age 33. He returned to Mission, Texas to look after his family's business interests, including the tavern handed down to him by his mother, along with several rental properties. The Depression was at its height, and Najo finally grew tired of being away from home for long periods and of playing for very small salaries.
Later life and death.
After being out of pro baseball for six years, Najo, at age 39, staged a short-lived "comeback" in 1938 with the McAllen Packers of the Class D level Texas Valley League. He played in 137 games, collecting 130 hits, a .354 batting average, and a .976 fielding average. He followed that up with two seasons as a player-manager in the Mexican League, with the Alijadores de Tampico of Tampico in 1939 and the Diablos Rojos del México of Mexico City in 1940.
In 1939, Najo was the first player elected to the Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame (Salón de la Fama del Beisbol Profesional de México), although he was not officially inducted until 1973, after an actual Hall of Fame building was constructed in Monterrey, Mexico. An exhibit about Najo in the Hall of Fame features a bronze statue in the "Temple of Baseball’s Immortals."
After his career as a pro player ended, Najo used his regional fame to promote the game of baseball throughout South Texas and Northern Mexico. He continued playing, managing, coaching, and umpiring in semi-pro and youth leagues for decades. As a manager, even well into his fifties, he often inserted himself into games as a pinch hitter. Many players that he coached went on to become successful professional baseball players and coaches.
After a lengthy battle with cancer, Najo died on April 25, 1978, at the age of 79, following complications resulting from gall bladder surgery. In his honor, the street in Mission where he lived most of his life was renamed "Leo Najo Street," and the Mission High School baseball stadium was also named for him.
Every October since Najo's death, a large group of fans and admirers has hosted a "Leo Najo Day" in Mission's Community Center. The annual gathering draws hundreds of baseball aficionados and features displays and programs about the history of baseball in South Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="6916389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916389" title="Turkey Tyson">
Turkey Tyson

Cecil Washington "Turkey" Tyson (December 6, 1914 – February 17, 2000), nicknamed "Slim", was an American Major League Baseball player.
Tyson is one of many ballplayers who only appeared in the major leagues during World War II. His MLB career consisted of one at bat as a pinch hitter for the Philadelphia Phillies at Braves Field on April 23, 1944. He went 0-for-1 for a batting average of .000. Tyson did not appear in the field. The 29-year-old rookie stood 6'5" and weighed 225 lbs.
He played 15 seasons in the minor leagues, beginning with the Tallahassee Capitals of the Georgia-Florida League and the Greenwood Dodgers of the Cotton States League in 1938. His best minor league season was in 1940, when he had a batting average of .363 with 5 home runs for two separate teams. His last minor league season was in 1952 with the Rocky Mount Leafs of the Coastal Plain League. He was a first baseman and outfielder.
He died in his hometown of Elm City, North Carolina, at the age of 85.

</doc>
<doc id="6916393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916393" title="Valley Sierra Miwok">
Valley Sierra Miwok



</doc>
<doc id="6916397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916397" title="The Process Church of the Final Judgment">
The Process Church of the Final Judgment



</doc>
<doc id="6916398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916398" title="Alleged Mukaradeeb War Crime">
Alleged Mukaradeeb War Crime



</doc>
<doc id="6916403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916403" title="Westside High School (Augusta, Georgia)">
Westside High School (Augusta, Georgia)

Westside High School is a public high school located in the West Augusta area of Augusta, Georgia, United States. It is operated by the Richmond County School System. Its current principal is Tikki Middleton.
Student activities.
Athletics.
Sports teams include basketball, baseball, wrestling, soccer, football, flag football, track &amp; field, swimming, cross country, golf, tennis, and volleyball.
The mascot of the school is "Pat" the Patriot.

</doc>
<doc id="6916405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916405" title="Georgetown Rugby Club">
Georgetown Rugby Club



</doc>
<doc id="6916408" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916408" title="Geirionydd Rural District">
Geirionydd Rural District

Geirionydd was a rural district in the administrative county of Caernarvonshire, North Wales from 1894 to 1934.
The rural district was formed from the part of Llanrwst Rural Sanitary District in Caernarvonshire. It was initially called the "Bettws-y-Coed Rural District" (using the old spelling for the name of Betws-y-Coed). After that parish was removed from the district in 1898 to become its own urban district, the residual rural district was renamed after Llyn Geirionydd.
The district contained the following civil parishes:
The rural district was abolished by a County Review Order in 1934, becoming part of Nant Conway Rural District.

</doc>
<doc id="6916412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916412" title="Alunisul">
Alunisul



</doc>
<doc id="6916414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916414" title="Anghelesti">
Anghelesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916416" title="Outer solar system">
Outer solar system



</doc>
<doc id="6916420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916420" title="Armaseni">
Armaseni



</doc>
<doc id="6916423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916423" title="List of mergers and acquisitions by Yahoo">
List of mergers and acquisitions by Yahoo

Yahoo! Inc. is a computer software and web search engine company founded on March 1, 1995. The company is a public corporation and its headquarters is located in Sunnyvale, California. It was founded by Stanford University graduate students Jerry Yang and David Filo in 1994. According to web traffic analysis companies, Yahoo has been one of the most visited websites on the Internet, with more than 130 million unique users per month in the United States alone. 
Yahoo's first acquisition was the purchase of Net Controls, a web search engine company, in September 1997 for US$1.4 million. As of April 2008, the company's largest acquisition is the purchase of Broadcast.com, an Internet radio company, for $5.7 billion, making Broadcast.com co-founder Mark Cuban a billionaire. Most of the companies acquired by Yahoo are based in the United States; 78 of the companies are from the United States, and 15 are based in a foreign country. As of July 2015, the first incarnation of Yahoo had acquired 114 companies, with Polyvore being the latest.
In 2017, the first incarnation Yahoo! Inc. was purchased by Verizon Communications and merged with AOL. In May 2021, Verizon sold a majority stake in the combined company, then called Verizon Media, to Apollo Global Management, who restored the Yahoo! name.

</doc>
<doc id="6916425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916425" title="Truck Act">
Truck Act



</doc>
<doc id="6916426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916426" title="Artari">
Artari



</doc>
<doc id="6916428" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916428" title="Wide Eyed (The Junior Varsity album)">
Wide Eyed (The Junior Varsity album)



</doc>
<doc id="6916431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916431" title="Averesti">
Averesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916434" title="Charlottel York">
Charlottel York



</doc>
<doc id="6916435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916435" title="San Bernardino Parish">
San Bernardino Parish

San Bernardino is a residential neighbourhood of the Venezuelan municipality Libertador of Caracas, and one of its 32 parishes.
Although it is mostly a middle class residential neighbourhood, San Bernardino also holds the headquarters of Banco Mercantil, Banco Venezolano de Crédito, Corpoelec, and Centro Financiero Confinanzas.
The Quinta de Anauco, which houses the Caracas Museum of Colonial Art, can also be found in San Bernardino.

</doc>
<doc id="6916436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916436" title="Avramesti">
Avramesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916439" title="Bacu">
Bacu



</doc>
<doc id="6916441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916441" title="Swiftboat Veterans">
Swiftboat Veterans



</doc>
<doc id="6916442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916442" title="Hyperball Racing">
Hyperball Racing

Hyperball Racing is a single-player and multiplayer video game for Windows developed by the Belgian game studio Gabitasoft Entertainment.
Description.
The game set in a fantasy world with legends based on a place we know as Earth. It includes several race modes: Tutorials, Championship, Time trial and Quick race. The tutorials teach players how to race, shoot and defend themselves in the deep jungles of the world of Hyperball. 
There are several themed islands to explore; a pirate island, ancient temples, bamboo forests and an oriental island.
Gameplay.
The game features a single player and multiplayer mode.
In single player mode, the player selects either a male or female character, difficulty level and a basic vehicle. To unlock new buggies, accessories and weapons, Hyperballs must be collected in the Championship, Timetrail and Quickrace modes. In Championship mode, the player races against five opponents and collects Hyperballs. Finishing first unlocks a new level and first prize.
As a vehicular combat game, buggies may be equipped with accessories such as weapons, force-fields and bullbars.
The multiplayer mode allows up to eight players to race over a local area network or internet connection. Players may select any of the seven characters, 20 race maps or 10 special multiplayer maps. Game modes include Capture the Hyperball, Deathmatch, Team deathmatch, Dominate the Hyperball and Racing.
Story.
This is the story for the male character; the story for the female character differs only slightly.
Characters.
In single-player the gamer can create his own profile with selecting either the male or female character. In multiplayer the gamer can select any of the 7 characters.

</doc>
<doc id="6916446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916446" title="Badesti">
Badesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916447" title="Virginia Military Tract">
Virginia Military Tract



</doc>
<doc id="6916451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916451" title="Badila">
Badila



</doc>
<doc id="6916459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916459" title="Badulesti">
Badulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916460" title="Gustl Berauer">
Gustl Berauer

Gustav "Gustl" Berauer (5 November 1912 – 18 May 1986) was an ethnic German Czechoslovak nordic combined skier who competed in the 1930s. He was born in Petzer, Bohemia, Austria-Hungary, which is now known as Pec pod Sněžkou in the Czech Republic.
At the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Berauer finished 14th in the Nordic combined, 21st in the 18 km cross-country event and was part of the Czechoslovak team that finished 5th in the 4 x 10 km relay.
His real strength lay in the Nordic combined. He won a gold medal in that individual event at the 1939 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane while competing for Nazi Germany in the wake of Czechoslovakia being annexed in late 1938. It was the first German world champion in Nordic skiing. At the World Championships in 1941 in Cortina d'Ampezzo, he successfully defended his title. The World Championship, associated with the International Ski Federation (FIS), was officially cancelled in 1946.
During World War II Berauer was a senior non-commissioned officer in the Gebirgsjäger corps (). After the war he was incapable of returning to his sport due to a serious wound on the Eastern Front. From 1963 to 1975, he was the Chairman of the FIS Committee "Nordic combined". In 1986, Berauer died in Schliersee, Bavaria, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="6916465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916465" title="Leah Clark">
Leah Clark

Leah Clark is an American voice actress, ADR director and script writer. She has provided voices for Japanese anime series and video games. Some of her major roles include Mavis Vermillion in "Fairy Tail", Suzuka Asahina in "Suzuka", Saki Morimi in "Eden of the East", Kagura Tsuchimiya in "Ga-Rei: Zero", Eri Sawachika in "School Rumble", Mio Naganohara in "Nichijou", Blair in "Soul Eater", Minami Shimada in "Baka and Test", Kobayashi in "Miss Kobayashi's Dragon Maid," Himiko Toga in "My Hero Academia", and Noah in "".
Personal life.
Clark has post-traumatic stress syndrome &amp; depression disorder.

</doc>
<doc id="6916467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916467" title="The Guide Dogs for the Blind Association">
The Guide Dogs for the Blind Association

The Guide Dogs for the Blind Association, known colloquially as Guide Dogs, is a British charitable organisation that uses guide dogs to help blind and partially blind people. The organisation also participates in political activism for the rights of those with vision impairments.
The charity's royal patron is the Duchess of Edinburgh, who succeeded Princess Alexandra, The Honourable Lady Ogilvy as patron in 2021.
The head office is near Reading in Berkshire. The charity has eight regional centres in Belfast, Cardiff, Forfar, Leeds, Atherton, Leamington Spa, Redbridge and Bristol. The regional centres in Forfar, Atherton, Leamington and Redbridge are also guide dog training schools. There are a further 14 community teams in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Newcastle, Hull, Liverpool, Nottingham, Shrewsbury, Birmingham, Welwyn, central London, Maidstone, Reading (based at head office), Southampton and Exeter. There is also a National Breeding Centre near Leamington Spa.
The charity's filed accounts for the year ending December 2022 put income for the year at £142.2 million.
Services.
Guide Dogs, historically focused on training and pairing guide dogs with adults experiencing visual impairment, expanded their services in the early 2010s to include support for children and young individuals with blindness or partial sight.
Guide dogs.
The organisation's guide dog service pairs blind or partially-sighted individuals with specially trained dogs, predominantly bred in-house rather than sourced externally. To ensure genetic diversity, there are instances of exchanging sperm samples with other guide dog organizations globally. The charity primarily breeds Labrador Retrievers, Golden Retrievers, German Shepherds, Curly-coated Retrievers, and standard Poodles.
Guide dog puppies are typically born and raised by volunteer breeding dog holders in a domestic setting. At six weeks old, the puppies undergo health checks and vaccinations at Guide Dogs' National Centre in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire. Subsequently, they are placed with volunteer puppy raisers who introduce them to essential obedience skills and socialise them to various public environments, such as shops, offices, cafes, restaurants, and public transport.
Formal training for the dogs commences after 12 to 14 months and spans approximately 26 weeks, including an intensive period of three to five weeks alongside their future owners.
Guide dogs retire on or before their eleventh birthday - depending on the dog and owner. Many retire due to ill health of the dog or a change in circumstances of the guide dog owner. Many dogs stay with their guide dog owners, but some are adopted by members of the public. Martin Clunes recently adopted such a dog and made a TV programme about it.
In 2020, there were 4,800 working guide dog partnerships in the UK. By 2022, this had gone down to 3,695.
Buddy dogs.
Buddy dogs help children and young people who are blind or partially sighted to build confidence in themselves and trust in their surroundings. Guide Dogs piloted the service in 2011 and launched it as a permanent service in 2012. In 2020, 52 children were partnered with a buddy dog. Buddy dogs are Guide Dogs-bred dogs which haven't qualified to become a guide dog.
Sighted guiding skills.
Guide Dogs works with communities and companies to provide sighted guiding skills, and also provide sighted guiding training to the family and friends of a person who is blind or partially sighted.
Children and young people's services.
Guide Dogs provides the following services to help children and young people with sight loss:
My Time to Play – launched in 2020, this service comprises online and face-to-face sessions to help children aged 0–4 to develop through play, and their parents can also connect with other families affected by sight loss.
My Life Skills – helps children learn skills, including navigating streets safely, preparing food, handling money and managing their appearance. In 2019 Guide Dogs helped 2,845 children through My Life Skills.
CustomEyes Books – provides books in large print, tailor-made to each child's eye condition. In 2019, CustomEyes made 4,000 tailor-made books.
Family Events – a UK-wide programme of activity days providing the opportunity for children and parents to meet other families and access advice from Guide Dogs' specialists. Some 1,095 people affected by sight loss attended Guide Dogs' Family Events in 2019.
Tech for All – In 2021, Guide Dogs is piloting a scheme giving those aged three to 18 with a vision impairment a free iPhone or iPad. The project was launched after the charity's own research found that technology is a vital tool for people who are blind or partially sighted.
Campaigning.
The charity's campaigning work covers a range of issues, including making sure children with sight loss are able to access the services they need, and ensuring public transport and streets are as accessible as possible. The charity is assisted by 28,000 volunteer campaigners who sign petitions, share social media posts, write to their MPs and collect signatures on the charity's behalf.
Research.
The charity has a research programme to provide an evidence base for Guide Dogs' policies, operational procedures and campaigns. The research is carried out internally and in collaboration with external organisations, helping the charity to understand its service users' needs and care for its dogs.
The charity has two priority research areas:
Canine science – to support the behaviour, health and wellbeing of the charity's dogs.
Human behavioural sciences – to support the emotional wellbeing of service users, plus their family and friends.
In 2020, Guide Dogs began a research project called Born to Guide, which is a long-term study into the complex relationships between a dog's genes and its health and behaviour. The charity hopes Born to Guide will provide new insights into how to breed future generations of guide dogs, with the goal of raising the percentage of pups who go on to become guide dogs.
History and trivia.
The first four British guide dogs – Judy, Flash, Folly and Meta – completed their training with Muriel Crooke and Rosamund Bond at Wallasey, Wirral in 1931, and three years after this the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association was formed. The first permanent trainer for Guide Dogs was Nikolai Liakhoff, who came to England in 1933. In 1941, the organisation's premises at "The Cliff" in Wallasey was commandeered for war purposes and the Guide Dogs moved to new premises in the centre of England at Leamington Spa.
In 1956, Guide Dogs began to recruit volunteers to become puppy walkers. A few years later, a breeding programme was introduced and by 1970, these components of Guide Dogs' work had grown so much they were given their own premises at Tollgate House, near Leamington Spa. The most influential figure in the development of Guide Dogs' puppy walking and breeding programmes was Derek Freeman.
In 1964, the children's television programme "Blue Peter" followed the training of two guide dog puppies, Cindy and Honey. This feature has been repeated in the early 1980s, in 2006 with Andy Akinwolere with a puppy named Magic and in 2014 with another puppy, Iggy.
Guide Dogs holds the Guinness World Record for the largest number of guide dogs trained by an organisation, which stood at 33,910 in 2016. The charity also holds a world record for the Largest Virtual Tea Party, achieved in April 2020 when thousands of people posted a photo of themselves enjoying a cup of tea at home on Guide Dogs' Facebook page.
In 2021, the charity celebrated the 90th anniversary of the UK's first four guide dog partnerships with a host of activities including an artisan sensory garden at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show.
Travel.
After the implementation of Brexit, the rules regarding guide dogs travelling throughout the UK were changed, with guide dogs travelling to Northern Ireland needing extra paperwork and vaccines; this raised difficulty for adult dogs and for puppies due to go into training. At the end of 2023, guide dogs were subject to the same paperwork as pets. and those travelling to the European Union could longer use a EU Pet Passport issued in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="6916468" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916468" title="Baiceni">
Baiceni



</doc>
<doc id="6916471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916471" title="Viola Myers">
Viola Myers

Viola Lillian Myers (later Richardson, 1927 – November 15, 1993) was a Canadian sprinter who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics. She won a bronze medal in the relay and finished fourth in the individual 100 m. Myers started training in athletics in the early 1940s, and in 1944 set a national record in the 80 m sprint. She set another national record in 1948, in the 60 m, which stood until 1973. Myers retired shortly after the 1950 British Empire Games. In 2011, she was inducted into the Athletics Ontario Hall of Fame. Canadian ice hockey players Doug and Murray Wilson are her nephews. She died in 1993 at a hospital in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="6916472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916472" title="Balaia">
Balaia



</doc>
<doc id="6916477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916477" title="HMS Babet (1794)">
HMS Babet (1794)

HMS "Babet was a 20-gun sixth-rate post ship of the British Royal Navy. She had previously been a corvette of the French Navy under the name Babet", until her capture in 1794, during the French Revolutionary Wars. She served with the British, capturing several privateers and other vessels, and was at the Battle of Groix. She disappeared in the Caribbean in 1800, presumably having foundered.
French career and capture.
"Babet" was built at Le Havre, one of a two-ship "Prompte" class of 20-gun corvettes built to a design by Joseph-Marie-Blaise Coulomb.
In the Bay of Biscay, on 18 May 1793, Captain Andrew Snape Douglas's captured her sister, "Prompte", which the Royal Navy took into service as HMS "Prompte". "Babet" was laid down in September 1792, fitted out in May 1793 and launched on 12 December 1793.
Her commander from 9 January 1793 to October was "lieutenant de vaisseau" Rolland. Rolland's replacement on 23 October was "enseigne de vaisseau non entretenu" Pierre-Joseph-Paul Belhomme.
"Babet"s French career was brief. Under Belhomme's command she sailed from Havre to Cherbourg via La Hogue. She then cruised the Channel before sailing from Honfleur to Cherbourg, on to Brest, and returning to Cancale. She was part of a squadron consisting of two frigates ("Pomone" and "Engageante") and another corvette that a British squadron under John Borlase Warren engaged off the Île de Batz in the action of 23 April 1794. and captured "Babet" and brought her into Portsmouth, arriving on 30 April. The action had cost "Babet" some 30 to 40 of her crew killed and wounded. "Flora" had one man killed and three wounded; "Arethusa" had three men killed and five wounded.
British career.
"Babet" was registered for service on 19 June 1794, and was commissioned in December that year under Captain the Honourable John Murray, for service with Lord Howe's fleet. Captain Joshua Mulock replaced Murray in April 1795 while "Babet" was being fitted for service at Portsmouth, a process completed on 10 May that year, having cost £2,544. Captain Edward Codrington replaced Mulock; "Babet" was Codrington's first command after he had made post captain
Codrington then sailed "Babet" to join Lord Bridport's fleet. On 23 June 1795 she was with the fleet at the battle of Groix. In 1847, the Admiralty awarded any remaining survivors who claimed it, the Naval General Service Medal with clasp "23rd June 1795".
Captain William Lobb replaced Codrington in December 1795 and sailed "Babet" to the Leeward Islands in February the following year. There "Babet" was present at the capture of Demerara on 23 April, and the capture of Berbice on 2 May 1796.
In July 1796, "Babet", "Prompte", and captured the "Catherina Christina" in July 1796. At some point "Babet" sailed in company with "Prompte" and the two vessels captured the Danish brig "Eland Fanoe". On 23 July, "Scipio", "Babet", "Pique" and "Prompte" shared in the capture of the "Ariel" and the "Zee Nymphe".
On 16 September , "Scipio" and "Babet" captured the "John and Mary". The first, fourth and fifth-class shares of the prize money were shared, by agreement, with and "Prompte". "Thorn" captured the schooner "Abigail" on 24 September. This time the first, fourth and fifth-class shares were shared with "Scipio", "Babet", "Madras" and "Prompte". Then on 16 November "Thorn" and captured the Spanish schooner "Del Carmen". Once again the first, fourth and fifth class shares were shared with "Scipio", "Babet", "Madras" and "Prompte".
On 10 January 1797, "Babet" and drove a small French privateer schooner ashore on Deseada. They tried to use the privateer "Legere", of six guns and 48 men, which "Bellona" had captured three days earlier, to retrieve the schooner that was on shore. In the effort, both French privateers were destroyed. Then "Babet" chased a brig, which had been a prize to the schooner, ashore. The British were unable to get her off so they destroyed her. "Babet" and were paid headmoney in 1828, more than 30 years later.
Captain Jemmett Mainwaring took command of "Babet" in June 1797. Between 25 July and 5 October " Babet" captured three merchant vessels:
Then on 16 January 1798 "Babet"s boats captured the French schooner "Désirée". The schooner was sailing towards "Babet" as "Babet" was sailing between Martinique and Dominique. As soon as the schooner realized that "Babet" was a British warship she attempted to escape. The wind failed and the schooner then took to her sweeps. Lieutenant Samuel Pym of "Babet" took 24 men in her pinnace and launch and went after the schooner. After rowing several leagues the boats closed to within range of their cannon, which they then commenced to fire. The British closed on their quarry despite a strong counter-fire. The British then boarded "Désirée" and took her. She was armed with six guns and had a crew of 46 men. The British lost one man killed and five wounded; the French had three men killed and 15 wounded. "Désirée" was six days out of Guadeloupe and had taken one American brig that had been sailing from St. Vincent to Boston.
"Babet" was refitted at Portsmouth between July and December 1798 at a cost of £5,194. Then, in December she recaptured the American ship "Helena".
On 18 and 19 January 1799, "Babet" captured two French fishing vessels, "Deux Freres Unis", with a cargo of herring, and the "Jacques Charles". On 3 June "Babet" was in company with when they captured the John. Then on 24 June they captured the ship "Weloverdagt".
Then "Babet" took part in the Anglo-Russian invasion of Holland in 1799. There she briefly served as Vice-Admiral Andrew Mitchell's flagship in the Zuider Zee. On 28 August 1799, the fleet captured several Dutch hulks and ships in the New Diep, in Holland. "Babet" was listed among the vessels qualifying to share in the prize money. However, by the time this was awarded in February 1802, "Babet" had been lost at sea. Similarly, "Babet" was also present at the subsequent Vlieter Incident on 30 August.
"Babet" was among the numerous vessels that shared in the proceeds after cut out the French frigate "Desirée" from Dunkirk harbour on 8 July 1800.
Fate.
"Babet" left Spithead on 14 September 1800, arrived at Fort Royal Bay, Martinique, on 24 October, and sailed the next day for Jamaica. She was not seen again; she had probably foundered at sea during a tropical storm.
General John Knox was a passenger on "Babet". He was sailing out to Jamaica to take up the position of governor. With him were his aide-de-camp, and possibly some other members of his entourage or other passengers.

</doc>
<doc id="6916478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916478" title="Balanesti">
Balanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916479" title="DownsizeDC.org">
DownsizeDC.org



</doc>
<doc id="6916480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916480" title="Zoltan Paul Dienes">
Zoltan Paul Dienes



</doc>
<doc id="6916482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916482" title="Georgetown University Rugby Football Club">
Georgetown University Rugby Football Club

The Georgetown University Rugby Football Club is the intercollegiate men's rugby union team that represents Georgetown University in the Mid-Atlantic Rugby Conference of National Collegiate Rugby, Division II. They have twice reached the USA Rugby National Tournament Final Four, in 2005 and 2009.
Early history.
The Georgetown University Rugby Football Club (GURFC) was founded in the spring semester of 1967 by former members of the Washington D.C. Rugby Football Club. The founder was a Georgetown University Law student Michael Murphy. In the early history of the club, GURFC fielded both an “A” and “B” sides, while occasionally mustering the numbers for a “C” side. The team played a variety of teams in its early years including UVA, the Washington RFC, the Baltimore RFC and the Quantico Marines RFC. The team also played the University of Notre Dame as well as a visiting university team from Chile. In the fall of 1968, GURFC hired its first coach to the program, which only lasted until the Spring. During this time, John Clisham worked as the club president and Kevin Sullivan acted as Social Secretary.
In the fall of 1985, Georgetown Rugby set on a self-directed course in the PRU. Under the coaching / playing leadership of Dave Pegno (and his housemates), the team rallied through a building season that was to be foundational for the long list of championships and accolades to come post 1985. The leadership torch was passed to up and coming underclassman - Jim Thompson from New Zealand, Doug Brown from New Jersey and Tom Gletner from Maryland to guide the team through a rough transitional period. It was known as the protectorate period. Completing a .500 season in 1986 - the team began to gel as a true unit in 1987. After monumental victories over all PRU challengers - GU secured the regular season PRU championship in 1987 and dropped a 13-10 decision to Salisbury State in the league challenge match championship. Building on success - the team began to roll with undefeated season play in 1989 under the guidance of president / captain Doug Brown and PRU all-star Dan Kirk. The 1990 team featured 5 PRU all-stars and took advantage of Springbok coaching expertise from Heyn van Rooyen and Theo van Wyk.
Georgetown graduate students have played on the Georgetown Law Rugby Football Club since 2005. Current USA Rugby rules prevent graduate students from playing on the official university teams, despite the fact that most collegiate rugby clubs in the nation were started by graduate students. Despite its name, the Georgetown Law RFC is open to all Georgetown graduate programs.
Evolution of the Officers.
In the early days of the club, the “officers” consisted of a scrum captain, a backs captain, a president, a VP/Treasurer, and a secretary. The 5 "officers" would determine the A, B, and C side rosters each week. In 1970-1971, John Kelly was president, Jack Schmidt was the (Match) Secretary, Joe Pulosi and Mike (Last Name Unknown) were the captains, and Leonard Natoli, Jr. served as the Vice President/Treasurer. At the time, the Vice President's role was to co-ordinate social events. The officers have remained relatively unchanged over time except for the division of the duties of Vice President and Treasurer into the three posts of Treasurer, Vice President, and Social Chair. Along the way, it was deemed necessary to separate the Social activities from the Financial responsibilities.
After adjustments to the club constitution in 2021 and 2022, the current board is composed of 9 members, ranked in terms of seniority: Captain, President, Treasurer, Social Chair, Match Secretary, Webmaster(social media chair), Alumni Relations Chair, Vice President, and Recruitment chair. Elections occur during town hall meetings at the end of every fall semester.
Recent Seasons.
The 2001 fall season marked Georgetown's last year in Division I. The 2001 season was a building year for the team.
The spring and fall 2002 seasons marked a new start for Georgetown that began with a last minute victory over Catholic University in the Capitol Cup tournament.
During the fall of 2002, Georgetown moved from Division I to Division II. They subsequently won the Potomac Rugby Union's Division II championship.
Since 2004, the Club has been a sponsor of the annual Run For Rigby to raise money for off-campus housing safety awareness.
That same season, Georgetown shut out Salisbury University in the PRU championship, avenging their last minute loss to Salisbury in 2003.
The spring 2005 season marked Georgetown's championship run into Final Four of the USA Rugby National Tournament.
During the Spring 2009 season, Georgetown did not participate in the annual Capitol Cup tournament due to a scheduling conflict with the National D2 Playoffs.
Georgetown in 2009 defeated #1 seed Cal Maritime, 20-17, in the quarterfinals to advance to the National D2 semifinals. This marks the second time in school history that the Hoya Ruggers have reached the Final Four of the USA Rugby National Tournament.
In 2013, the club formally organized a competitive Rugby Sevens side which placed 11th out of 24 teams in the Las Vegas Invitational. In 2014, 2016 and 2017 the sevens team won the James River Christmas Sevens tournament in Richmond, VA, held annually in December. In February 2015, the side went on to win the Bowl Championship at the Las Vegas Invitational with a record of four wins and two losses.
In the fall of 2016, the club moved up to Division 1AA Chesapeake Collegiate Rugby Conference.
In 2019, the club won its first Cherry Blossom Tournament Championship since 2014, beating D1 conference rivals Towson and Maryland in the process.
In 2020, the club dropped down to the Division II Mid-Atlantic Rugby Conference in National Collegiate Rugby. 
In the 2021/22 season, the year after the COVID-19 pandemic, the club won five trophies. In the fall of 2021, the 15s team won the Mid-Atlantic Regional Conference (MARC) and lost in the Elite Eight of the National Championship. In the spring of 2022, the club won the Cherry Blossom Tournament, Capitol Cup, and the MARC 7s Championship. The 7s team lost in the Elite Eight of the National Championship 7s tournament, too.
In the spring 2023 season, the team achieved a string of four consecutive conference championships by defeating Scranton in the MARC 7s championship. This victory sent GURFC to the nationals tournament in Boyds, Maryland, where the team achieved a joint 3/4 place with Norwich following a close semi-final defeat to NC State. This came after victories over UNCW, University of Chicago, and Memphis.
1st XV 2024-2025.
7s Squad 2025

</doc>
<doc id="6916483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916483" title="Baleni">
Baleni



</doc>
<doc id="6916487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916487" title="Balesti">
Balesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916488" title="Ohio Agricultural and Mechanical College">
Ohio Agricultural and Mechanical College



</doc>
<doc id="6916490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916490" title="Ohio A&amp;M">
Ohio A&amp;M



</doc>
<doc id="6916493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916493" title="Jeans (band)">
Jeans (band)

JNS (previously known as the Jeans) is a Mexican girl group that rose to fame in late 1996 and 1997 and continued until 2008. In 2015, the band reunited and got back together and went on tour. In 2017, they released their seventh studio album, titled "Metamorfosis".
Initially created in 1994 by band member Patricia Sirvent with five members, after one of them dropped out of the project before the first album was recorded in 1996, the group remained as a four-piece until 2007 when it changed into a three-piece after changes in each of their albums, one of these included Dulce María (from 2000-2002), who would later become part of the successful Mexican pop group RBD.
The group released six studio albums (plus a full re-working of one of their albums) in the course of 12 years.
Discography &amp; singles.
All of the songs that the group recorded were sung in Spanish. Almost immediately upon stepping into the Mexican scene they saw success with the release of their first two singles "Pepe" and "Me Pongo Mis Jeans" (1996), both, taken from their self-titled album "Jeans"; soon after, Litzy left the band. It was not until the release of their second album in 1998, "¿Por Qué Disimular?", that they achieved their biggest success with the leading single, "Enferma De Amor" (1998), which later became their signature song and their best-known single, with Karla Díaz and Melissa Lopez as the new members. However, from their third album on, while remaining a fixture in the music scene and still relevant, they never achieved the same degree of success.
In 2003, the band re-released their fourth album, "Cuatro para las Cuatro", with re-worked versions of the songs included in it, changing them from pop to grupera. In 2007, a compilation album (with an accompanying DVD) was released that included new versions of their best-known songs.
Band members.
The group went through constant changes during their whole time together, even before formalizing the project when the group was created in 1994. Most of the members in the group would depart due to disagreements with manager Alejandro Sirvent (father of group member founder Patricia Sirvent) which would become source of controversy for the group and the way it was managed, with the exception of Dulce María as not only she was close with the band but the reason for her departure from the group was mostly due to landing the main role of Marcela Majía in the 2002 telenovela, "Clase 406". In each of the albums the group saw a change in their line-up. During the first 12 years of the group before they reunited in 2015, a total of 13 girls became (in a more or less relevant way) part of the group.
Members
Former members
Timeline.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;
&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;

</doc>
<doc id="6916494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916494" title="New York State Route 432">
New York State Route 432



</doc>
<doc id="6916495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916495" title="Baltanele">
Baltanele



</doc>
<doc id="6916501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916501" title="Baltareti">
Baltareti



</doc>
<doc id="6916507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916507" title="Baltata">
Baltata



</doc>
<doc id="6916514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916514" title="Balteni">
Balteni



</doc>
<doc id="6916515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916515" title="Truck Acts">
Truck Acts

Truck Acts is the name given to legislation that outlaws truck systems, which are also known as "company store" systems, commonly leading to debt bondage. In England and Wales such laws date back to the 15th century.
History.
The modern successor of the Truck Acts is found in the Employment Rights Act 1996 sections 13–27. This replaced and updated the Wages Act 1986 which had itself repealed the Truck Acts. A case called "Bristow v City Petroleum" was the last case to be decided under the old legislation and in it, Lord Ackner in the House of Lords gave a short history of the previous regime.
British legislation.
In Great Britain and (after 1801) the United Kingdom, a series of acts of Parliament have been enacted to make truck systems unlawful: 
The Truck Acts 1831 to 1896 means the Truck Act 1896 and the Truck Acts 1831 and 1887.
The Truck Acts 1831 to 1940 means the Truck Act 1940 and the Truck Acts 1831 to 1896.
The Truck Acts were repealed by section 32(2) of, and part III of schedule 5 to, the Wages Act 1986.
The rise of manufacturing industry saw many company owners cashing in on their workers by paying them in full or in part with tokens, rather than coin of the realm. These tokens were exchangeable for goods at the company store, often at highly inflated prices. The Truck Act 1831 (1 &amp; 2 Will. 4. c. 37) made this practice illegal in many trades, and the law was extended to cover nearly all manual workers in 1887.
Position by 1910.
Shop assistants, so far as they are engaged in manual, not merely clerical labour, come under the provisions of the Truck Act 1831 (1 &amp; 2 Will. 4. c. 37) and the Truck Amendment Act 1887 (50 &amp; 51 Vict. c. 46), and in all circumstances they fall within the sections directed against unfair and unreasonable fines in the Truck Act 1896 (59 &amp; 60 Vict. c. 44); but, unlike employees in factories, workshops, laundries and mines, they are left to apply these provisions so far as they can themselves, since neither Home Office inspectors nor officers of the local authority have any specially assigned powers to administer the Truck Acts in shops.
Setting aside the special Hosiery Manufacture (Wages) Act 1874 (37 &amp; 38 Vict. c. 48), aimed at a particular abuse appearing chiefly in the hosiery industry—the practice of making excessive charges on wages for machinery and frame rents—only two acts, the 1887 act and the 1896 act, have been added to the general law against truck since the 1831 act, which repealed all prior Truck Acts and which remained the principal act. Further amendments of the law have been widely and strenuously demanded, and are hoped for as the result of the long inquiry by a departmental committee appointed early in 1906. The 1887 act amended and extended the act without adding any distinctly new principle; the 1896 act was directed towards providing remedies for matters shown by decisions under the earlier Truck Acts to be outside the scope of the principles and provisions of those acts.
Truck Amendment Act 1887.
Under the (50 &amp; 51 Vict. c. 46) the main objects were:
Certain exemptions to the prohibition of payment otherwise than in coin were provided for in the Truck Act 1831, if an agreement were made in writing and signed by the worker, viz. rent, victuals dressed and consumed under the employer's roof, medicine, fuel, provender for beasts of burden used in the trade, materials and tools for use by miners, advances for friendly societies or savings banks; in the case of fuel, provender and tools there was also a proviso that the charge should not exceed the real and true value. The act amended these provisions by requiring a correct annual audit in the case of deductions for medicine or tools, by permitting part payment of servants in husbandry in food, drink (not intoxicants) or other allowances, and by prohibiting any deductions for sharpening or repairing workmen's tools except by agreement not forming part of the condition of hiring.
Two important administrative amendments were made by the act:
The persons to whom the benefits of the 1831 act applied were added to by the 1887 act, which repealed the complicated list of trades acts contained in the principal act and substituted the simpler definition of the Employers and Workmen Act 1875 (38 &amp; 39 Vict. c. 90). Thus the acts of 1831 to 1887, and also the 1896 act, apply to all workers (men, women and children) engaged in manual labour, except domestic servants; they apply not only in mines, factories and workshops, but, to quote the published Home Office Memorandum on the acts, "in all places where workpeople are engaged in manual labour under a contract with an employer, whether or no the employer be an owner or agent or a parent, or be himself a workman; and therefore a workman who employs ... and pays others under him must also observe the Truck Acts." The law thus in certain circumstances covers outworkers for a contractor or sub-contractor. A decision of the High Court at Dublin in 1900 ("Squire v. Sweeney") strengthened the inspectors in investigation of offences committed amongst outworkers by supporting the contention that inquiry and exercise of all the powers of an. inspector could legally take place in parts of an employer's premises other than those in which the work is given out. It defined for Ireland, in a narrower sense than had hitherto been understood and acted upon by the Factory Department, the classes of outworkers protected, by deciding that only such as were under a contract personally to execute the work were covered.
In 1905 the law in England was similarly declared in the decided case of "Squire v. The Midland Lace Co." The judges (Lord Alverstone, C. J.; and Kennedy and Ridley, J.J.) stated that they came to the conclusion with "reluctance", and said: "We venture to express the hope that some amendment of the law may be made so as to extend the protection of the Truck Act to a class of workpeople indistinguishable from those already within its provisions." The workers in question were lace-clippers taking out work to do in their homes, and in the words of the High Court decision "though they do sometimes employ assistants are evidently, as a class, wage-earning manual labourers and not contractors in the ordinary and popular sense."
The principle relied on in the decision was that in the case of "Ingram v. Barnes". At the time of the passing of the 1887 act it seems to have been generally believed that the obligation under the principal act to pay the "entire amount of wages earned" in coin rendered illegal any deductions from wages in respect of fines.
Important decisions in 1888 and 1889 showed this belief to have been ill-founded. The essential point lies in the definition of the word "wages" as the "recompense, reward or remuneration of labour", which implies not necessarily any gross sum in question between employer and workmen where there is a contract to perform a certain piece of work, but that part of it, the real "net" wage, which the workman was to get as his "recompense" for the labour performed. As soon as it became clear that excessive deductions from wages as well as payments by workers for materials used in the work were not illegal, and that deductions or payments by way of compensation to employers or by way of discipline might legally (with the single exception of fines for lateness for women and children, regulated by the Employers and Workmen Act 1875 (38 &amp; 39 Vict. c. 90)) even exceed the degree of loss, hindrance or damage to the employer, it also came clearly into view that further legislation was desirable to extend the principles at the root of the Truck Acts. It was desirable, that is to say, to hinder more fully the unfair dealing that may be encouraged by half-defined customs in work-places, on the part of the employer in making a contract, while at the same time leaving the principle of freedom of contract as far as possible untouched.
The Truck Act 1896 regulates the conditions under which deductions can be made by or payments made to the employer, out of the "sum contracted to be paid to the worker", i.e. out of any gross sum whatever agreed upon between employer and workman. It makes such deductions or payments illegal unless they are in pursuance of a contract; and it provides that deductions (or payments) for (a) fines, (b) bad work and damaged goods, (c) materials, machines, and any other thing provided by the employer in relation to the work shall be reasonable, and that particulars of the same in writing shall be given to the workman. In none of the cases mentioned is the employer to make any profit; neither by fines, for they may only be imposed in respect of acts or omissions which cause, or are likely to cause, loss or damage; nor by sale of materials, for the price may not exceed the cost to the employer; nor by deductions or payments for damage, for these may not exceed the actual or estimated loss to the employer.
Fines and charges for damage must be "fair and reasonable having regard to all the circumstances of the case", and no contract could make legal a fine which a court held to be unfair to the workman in the sense of the act. The contract between the employer and workman must either be in writing signed by the workman, or its terms must be clearly stated in a notice constantly affixed in a place easily accessible to the workman to whom, if a party to the contract, a copy shall be given at the time of making the contract, and who shall be entitled, on request, to obtain from the employer a copy of the notice free of charge. On each occasion when a deduction or payment is made, full particulars in writing must be supplied to the workman. The employer is bound to keep a register of deductions or payments, and to enter therein particulars of any fine made under the contract, specifying the amount and nature of the act or omission in respect of which the fine was imposed. This register must be at all times open to inspectors of mines or factories, who are entitled to make a copy of the contract or any part of it. This act as a whole applies to all workmen included under the earlier Truck Acts; the sections relating to fines apply also to shop assistants. The latter, however, apparently are left to enforce the provisions of the law themselves, as no inspectorate is empowered to intervene on their behalf. In these and other cases a prosecution under the Truck Acts may be instituted by any person.
Any workman or shop assistant may recover any sum deducted by or paid to his employer contrary to the 1896 act, provided that proceedings are commenced within six months, and that where he has acquiesced in the deduction or payment he shall only recover the excess over the amount which the court may find to have been fair and reasonable in all the circumstances of the case. It is expressly declared in the act that nothing in it shall affect the provisions of the Coal Mines Acts with reference to payment by weight, or legalise any deductions, from payments made, in pursuance of those provisions. The powers and duties of inspectors are extended to cover the case of a laundry, and of any place where work is given out by the occupier of a factory or workshop or by a contractor or subcontractor. Power is reserved for the secretary of state to exempt by order specified trades or branches of them in specified areas from the provisions of the Truck Act 1896, if he is satisfied that they are unnecessary for the protection of the workmen. This power has been exercised only in respect of one highly organised industry, the Lancashire cotton industry. The effect of the exemption is not to prevent fines and deductions from being made, but the desire for it demonstrated that there are cases where leaders among workers have felt competent to make their own terms on their own lines without the specific conditions laid down in this act. The reports of the inspectors of factories have demonstrated that in other industries much work has had to be done under this act, and knowledge of a highly technical character to be gradually acquired, before opinions could be formed as to the reasonableness and fairness, or the contrary, of many forms of deduction. Owing partly to difficulties of legal interpretation involving the necessity of taking test cases into court, partly to the margin for differences of opinion as to what constitutes "reasonableness" in a deduction, the average number of convictions obtained on prosecutions is not so high as under the Factory Acts, though the average penalty imposed is higher. In 1904, 61 cases were taken into court resulting in 34 convictions with an average penalty of £1, 10s. In 1905, 38 cases resulting in 34 convictions were taken with an average penalty of £1, 3s. In 1906, 37 cases resulting in 25 convictions were taken with an average penalty of £1, 10s.
Reference should here be made to the Shop Clubs Act 1902 (2 Edw. 7. c. 21) as closely allied with some of the provisions of the Truck Acts by its provision that employers shall not make it a condition of employment that any workman shall become a member of a shop club unless it is registered under the Friendly Societies Act 1896 (59 &amp; 60 Vict. c. 25). As in the case of the Payment of Wages in Public-houses Prohibition Act 1883 (46 &amp; 47 Vict. c. 31), no special inspectorate has the duty of enforcing this act.
Australian law.
Under the "Fair Work Act 2009" section 323 requires that people are paid in money, rather than in kind.

</doc>
<doc id="6916516" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916516" title="Kazuhito Kikuchi">
Kazuhito Kikuchi

 is a Japanese composer. From 2001 to 2005 he was a member of the J-pop duo Breath.
He has been one of the main song composers for Ayumi Hamasaki and has also written songs for Kumi Koda, Every Little Thing, Ami Suzuki and others. He won the Best Composer Award at the Japan Record Awards in 2001 for the single Fragile by Every Little Thing. Currently he is the designated composer for the Chinese singer alan.

</doc>
<doc id="6916521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916521" title="Electronegativities">
Electronegativities



</doc>
<doc id="6916522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916522" title="Balusesti">
Balusesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916523" title="Asterisk (software)">
Asterisk (software)



</doc>
<doc id="6916526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916526" title="Gustaf Adolf Sellin">
Gustaf Adolf Sellin

Gustaf Adolf Sellin was a Swedish nordic combined skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a silver medal in the individual event at the 1939 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane.

</doc>
<doc id="6916530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916530" title="Bancesti">
Bancesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916531" title="Hyperconjugated">
Hyperconjugated



</doc>
<doc id="6916533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916533" title="Companies Headquartered in San Francisco, California">
Companies Headquartered in San Francisco, California



</doc>
<doc id="6916534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916534" title="Barbatesti">
Barbatesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916536" title="Luis Henríquez de Guzmán">
Luis Henríquez de Guzmán



</doc>
<doc id="6916538" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916538" title="Massie's Station">
Massie's Station



</doc>
<doc id="6916545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916545" title="Barcanesti">
Barcanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916546" title="Free Art Licence">
Free Art Licence



</doc>
<doc id="6916550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916550" title="Amy and Amiability">
Amy and Amiability



</doc>
<doc id="6916552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916552" title="Barlesti">
Barlesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916554" title="2006 FIVB Men's Volleyball World Championship">
2006 FIVB Men's Volleyball World Championship

The 2006 FIVB Men's Volleyball World Championship was held in Japan from 17 November to 3 December 2006. Like the previous edition, 24 teams participated in the tournament. Brazil won the Tournament (retaining their championship title), defeating Poland 3:0 in the final match. Bulgaria placed 3rd, defeating Serbia and Montenegro 3:1 in the 3rd place match. The Polish team dedicated this achievement to the deceased Polish volleyball player Arkadiusz Gołaś. The team honored him at the award ceremony, when they wore T-shirts with the number 16 and the words "Golas".
Host.
Finals hosts Japan. The tournament was held in six Japan cities.
Pools composition.
First round.
Teams were seeded in the first three positions of each pool following the serpentine system according to their FIVB World Ranking as of 7 September 2005. FIVB reserved the right to seed the hosts as head of pool A regardless of the World Ranking. All teams not seeded were drawn to take other available positions in the remaining lines, following the World Ranking. The draw was held in Tokyo, Japan on 29 November 2005. Rankings are shown in brackets except the hosts who ranked 16th.
Marketing.
Official song.
The competition's official opening song was "Ready Go!" by Morning Musume .

</doc>
<doc id="6916557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916557" title="Barlogu">
Barlogu



</doc>
<doc id="6916560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916560" title="GURFC">
GURFC



</doc>
<doc id="6916562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916562" title="Barsestii de Jos">
Barsestii de Jos



</doc>
<doc id="6916563" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916563" title="Nancy Mackay">
Nancy Mackay

Nancy Mackay (née Murrall, 16 May 1922 – 4 January 2024) was a Canadian sprinter. Mackay won a bronze medal in the 4 × 100 m relay at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Mackay was born in England, and moved to Canada when she was four years old. In the 1930s she started training in athletics and won six national titles between 1936 and 1941. She missed the 1940 Olympics due to World War II, and was selected as a reserve for the 1948 Games. She was asked to replace Millie Cheater shortly before the 4 × 100 m race. Rarning a bronze medal, she ran the fastest leg of the Canadian team which included team mates Diane Foster, Viola Myers and Patricia Jones. The same year Mackay retired from competitions. Mackay was inducted into the Oshawa Sports Hall of Fame in 1986 and into the Athletics Ontario Hall of Fame in 2011.
Mackey died at home in Bowmanville, Ontario on 4 January 2024, at the age of 101. She was predeceased by her husband of 45 years in 1987. She had a son and daughter, two grandsons and great-grandchildren. At the time of her death, she was the oldest Canadian Summer Olympic medalist, a status passed onto then 95-year-old Tom Gayford.

</doc>
<doc id="6916564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916564" title="Georgetown Rugby">
Georgetown Rugby



</doc>
<doc id="6916573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916573" title="Barsestii de Sus">
Barsestii de Sus



</doc>
<doc id="6916574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916574" title="GURC">
GURC



</doc>
<doc id="6916576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916576" title="Principal artery of thumb">
Principal artery of thumb



</doc>
<doc id="6916577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916577" title="Barzesti">
Barzesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916579" title="All This And WWII">
All This And WWII



</doc>
<doc id="6916581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916581" title="Batesti">
Batesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916585" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916585" title="Frank Hardy (The Hardy Boys)">
Frank Hardy (The Hardy Boys)



</doc>
<doc id="6916587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916587" title="Addington (disambiguation)">
Addington (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6916588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916588" title="Sam Glanzman">
Sam Glanzman

Samuel Joseph Glanzman (December 5, 1924 – July 12, 2017) was an American comics artist and memoirist. Glanzman is best known for his Charlton Comics series "Hercules", about the mythological Greek demigod; his autobiographical war stories about his service aboard the for DC Comics and Marvel Comics; and the Charlton Comics "Fightin' Army" feature "The Lonely War of Willy Schultz", a Vietnam War-era serial about a German-American U.S. Army captain during World War II.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Glanzman was born on December 5, 1924, in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Florence and Gustave Glanzman. His father was Jewish and his mother Catholic. His brothers were comic-book artists D.C. (Davis Charles) Glanzman and Louis "Lew" Glanzman, the latter of whom went on to become a fine art painter.
Glanzman ended his formal education after grade school. He entered the comics industry in late 1939, during the period historians and fans call the Golden Age of comic books, at Funnies, Inc., one of the early "packagers" that supplied comics to publishers then entering the fledgling medium. There, for Centaur Publications, he wrote two-page text stories with incidental art for "Amazing-Man Comics." Later, for Harvey Comics, he created Fly-Man in the superhero anthology "Spitfire Comics" #1 (August 1941), writing and drawing the feature for at least two issues. He also contributed to Harvey's "All-New Short Story Comics" (where he published his first recorded war story); "Champ Comics" (stories about the superhero Human Meteor); and the radio program tie-in series "Green Hornet Comics" through 1943.
He served in the U.S. Navy, during World War II, stationed on the destroyer , and was discharged in 1946. Eschewing work in comics ("I was getting $7.50 a page for [Fly-Man], pencils, inks, story, and coloring ... I figured, 'Hell, that's not much money.'"), he began a peripatetic career doing manual labor in cabinet shops, lumber mills, and boat yards. After marrying in the 1950s, he worked at Republic Aviation in Farmingdale, New York, installing machine guns on military jets. During this time, he lived in Rockaway, Queens, and in the Long Island towns of Valley Stream and Massapequa Park.
Seeking to return to art, Glanzman did some work for the Eastern Color series "Heroic Comics" and "New Heroic Comics" in 1950, and found better-paying assignments doing children's book illustration. He may have done uncredited work for his brother Lew on a hardcover book series for children about aircraft. Work was not steady, however, and Glanzman returned to Republic Aviation.
Charlton Comics.
In 1958, Glanzman began working with Pat Masulli, the executive editor of Charlton Comics, a low-paying publishing company. He specialized in stories for the war titles "Attack," "Battlefield Action," "Fightin' Air Force," "Fightin' Marines," "Submarine Attack," "U.S. Air Force Comics," and "War at Sea," producing a large amount of authentically detailed work. In mid-1961 he switched to Dell Comics. where he worked on the anthology "Combat," drew the movie adaptation "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" and the similar, though unrelated, four-issue "Voyage to the Deep", and a range of titles from lost-world adventure ("Kona, Monarch of Monster Isle") to heartwarming animal drama ("Lad: A Dog"). He occasionally still moonlighted for Charlton, using the initials "SJG" for his work on the 1962 "Marco Polo" movie adaptation and elsewhere.
Beginning mid-1964, Glanzman moved regularly between Charlton and Dell assignments, almost exclusively on war stories, but also on a Charlton "Tarzan" series. Although some sources credit him for co-creating the Charlton hardboiled detective character Sarge Steel, he stated in a 2009 interview that "The only thing I created was the "U.S.S. "Stevens"", "Attu" and "A Sailor's Story"."
During the 1960s Glanzman and writer Gill created the Charlton mythological-adventure series "Hercules: Adventures of the Man-God," which would run 13 issues (Oct. 1967 - Sept. 1969), and showcased Glanzman's experimental side, where he might float Art Nouveau-bordered panels within action tableaux filled with Hieronymous Boschian nightmares.
Also during this time he co-created, with writer Will Franz, "The Lonely War of Willy Schultz", a departure from most other World War II features of this time, with a conflicted American soldier of German heritage caught between loyalties. During combat in the European Theater, U.S. Army captain Schultz is falsely accused and convicted of murder; he escapes and blends into the German Army while seeking a way to clear his name and retain his Allied allegiance. The feature, reprinted as late as 1999, was serialized in Charlton's "Fightin' Army" #76–80, 82–92 (Oct. 1967 – July 1968 and Nov. 1968 – July 1970).
Glanzman freelanced for "Outdoor Life" magazine in the 1960s as well.
DC Comics.
War comics editor-artist Joe Kubert of industry giant DC Comics brought Glanzman to work on "Our Army at War", "Star Spangled War Stories", "Weird War Tales", and other combat titles including "G.I. Combat", where for years he illustrated the feature "Haunted Tank". At DC, Glanzman began his series of autobiographical war stories about his service aboard the U.S.S. "Stevens" in "Our Army at War" #218 (April 1970). Glanzman would also occasionally draw stories for DC's supernatural-mystery anthologies. He was one of the contributors to the debut issues of "Ghosts" and "Blitzkrieg". By late 1979, with most of DC's war titles either canceled or converted to character series with established teams, Glanzman remained solely on "G.I. Combat" and began freelancing again for Charlton. Following his last "Haunted Tank" story, in "G.I. Combat" #288 (March 1987), Glanzman drew two more stories for DC a year later, in "Sgt. Rock" #420–421 (Feb.–April 1988). He would return to ink penciler Tim Truman on the Western miniseries "Jonah Hex: Two Gun Mojo" (Sept.–Dec. 1993), "Jonah Hex: Riders of the Worm and Such" (March–July 1995), and "Jonah Hex: Shadows West" (Feb.–April 1999) all written by Joe R. Lansdale.
Later career.
Glanzman also contributed a handful of war stories to Marvel Comics from 1986–1989, in the black-and-white adventure magazine "Savage Tales," the Marine Corps series "Semper Fi," an issue of "The 'Nam", and most notably "A Sailor's Story" / "Marvel Graphic Novel" #30 (March 1987), a 60-page true account, which he both wrote and drew, of his time on USS "Stevens" during World War II. Unusually for Marvel's graphic novel line, it was released in hardcover rather than as a trade paperback. A trade paperback edition followed, together with a sequel, "A Sailor's Story, Book Two: Winds, Dreams, and Dragons", which continued the story up to the end of the war.
Other work in the 1990s included inking some issues of "Turok Dinosaur Hunter" for Acclaim Comics and "Zorro" for Topps Comics, and writing and drawing a serialized feature in Flashback Comics' "Fantastic Worlds" #1. His later work includes stories in two anthologies: writing and drawing the 10-page, true-life story "On the Job: Cooks Tour," in the graphic-story trade paperback "Streetwise" (TwoMorrows Publishing, 2000, ), and the donated, four-page "There Were Tears in Her Eyes," in the squarebound benefit comic "9-11: The World's Finest Comic Book Writers &amp; Artists Tell Stories to Remember, Volume Two" (2002).
From 1999–2001, the Avalon Communications imprint America's Comic Group / ACG (not to be confused with American Comics Group / AGC) reprinted large amounts of Glanzman's Charlton Comics work in a number of mostly one-shot titles, including "Hercules," "Flyboys," "Nam Tales", "Star Combat Tales," "Total War," and "ACG Comics Presents Fire and Steel".
In 2003, Glanzman began working on webcomics, writing and drawing the 19th-century nautical adventure "Apple Jack," and reteaming with his "Willy Schultz" writer, Will Franz, on the Roman centurion series "The Eagle." In 2012 and 2013, new "U.S.S. "Stevens"" stories by Glanzman appeared in the "Joe Kubert Presents" six-issue anthology limited series. In 2015, Glanzman's "U.S.S. "Stevens"" stories and the "A Sailor's Story" graphic novels were collected by Dover Publications.
Glanzman died on July 12, 2017, in Maryland, New York, under hospice care after falling and undergoing surgery.
Awards.
Sam Glanzman received the Inkpot Award in 1999 and posthumously received the Bill Finger Award for Excellence in Comic Book Writing in 2023.
Bibliography.
Glanzman's U.S.S. "Stevens" stories for DC Comics appear in:

</doc>
<doc id="6916591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916591" title="Magnar Fosseide">
Magnar Fosseide

Magnar Fosseide (August 19, 1913 – October 1983) was a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed in the 1930s. He won a bronze medal in the individual event at the 1939 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane.

</doc>
<doc id="6916592" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916592" title="Batranesti">
Batranesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916593" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916593" title="Tian Jia">
Tian Jia

Tian Jia (; born 9 February 1981 in Tianjin) is a female Chinese professional beach volleyball player.
Career.
Tian won the bronze medal in the women's team competition at the 2005 Beach Volleyball World Championships in Berlin, Germany, partnering Wang Fei. She competed at the Sydney 2000 and the Athens 2004 Games.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Tian and her partner Wang Jie won the silver medal in the women's beach volleyball competition, going undefeated until losing in the final to Misty May-Treanor and Kerri Walsh of the United States.
Sponsors.
Swatch

</doc>
<doc id="6916595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916595" title="Amazing Man Comics">
Amazing Man Comics



</doc>
<doc id="6916596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916596" title="Diane Foster">
Diane Foster

Patricia Diane Foster (3 March 1928 – 4 January 1999) was a Canadian track and field athlete, who mainly competed in the 100 metres. Foster was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. She competed for Canada at the 1948 Summer Olympics held in London, United Kingdom, where she won the bronze medal in the women's 4 × 100 metres relay with her teammates Viola Myers, Nancy MacKay and Patricia Jones.

</doc>
<doc id="6916598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916598" title="Overwintering">
Overwintering

Overwintering is the process by which some organisms pass through or wait out the winter season, or pass through that period of the year when "winter" conditions (cold or sub-zero temperatures, ice, snow, limited food supplies) make normal activity or even survival difficult or near impossible. In some cases "winter" is characterized not necessarily by cold but by dry conditions; passing through such periods could likewise be called overwintering.
Hibernation and migration are the two major ways in which overwintering is accomplished. Animals may also go into a state of reduced physiological activity known as torpor.
Overwintering occurs in several classes of lifeform.
Insects.
In entomology, overwintering is how an insect passes the winter season. Many insects overwinter as adults, pupae, or eggs. This can be done inside buildings, under tree bark, or beneath fallen leaves or other plant matter on the ground, among other places. All such overwintering sites shield the insect from adverse conditions associated with winter. Activity almost completely ceases until conditions become more favourable. One example is the mourning cloak butterfly, which experiences advantages to overwintering in its desired locations by being one of the first butterflies to emerge after a cold winter. Another example are the eggs of the forest tent caterpillar moth which overwinter tightly packed on tree branches. Other insects, such as the monarch butterfly, migrate and overwinter in warmer areas. Additionally, the ghost moth overwinters as a larva. The common brimstone, found across a broad geographic range, overwinters for 7 months to wait for the development of their larval host plants. Another unique butterfly, the large white, will only overwinter in southern Eurasia; they are not seen overwintering elsewhere. Some species of parasitic conopid flies, such as "P. tibialis," are known to overwinter inside of the corpse of their bee/wasp hosts before emerging in the spring. The queens of the yellow-faced bumblebee ("Bombus vosnesenskii") will over-winter, and then emerge early in the flight season to obtain the best available subterranean nests. Lastly, many species of "Lasioglossum", including "L. hemichalceum" (which is a common sweat bee), will overwinter in underground nests before emerging in the spring to start new colonies.
Birds.
Many birds migrate and then overwinter in regions where temperatures are warmer or food is more readily available, in Europe for example common crane and white storks. Some birds, however, such as black-capped chickadees, Golden-crowned kinglets, woodpeckers, and corvids, instead remain in colder areas throughout the winter, often remaining in groups for warmth.
Plants.
Plants are sometimes said to overwinter. At such times, growth of vegetative tissues and reproductive structures becomes minimal or ceases completely. For plants, overwintering often involves restricted water supplies and reduced light exposure. In the spring following overwintering many plants will enter their flowering stage. Farmers and gardeners use a process of "overwintering" to achieve early spring harvests of some crops by planting annual or biennial species in fall, often under the protection of high or low tunnels. 
In plant pathology, overwintering is where a plant pathogen survives the winter, during which its normal crop host species is not growing, by transferring to an alternative host, living freely in the soil or surviving on plant refuse such as discarded potatoes.
People.
People are also described from time to time as overwintering. This was especially true in the past during the exploration of the planet when people had to pass the winter in places not ideally suited for winter survival, and even today in the polar regions. Today people may be said to overwinter when they temporarily move to warmer areas during the months of prevailing cold weather in northern latitudes, such as people from various parts of North America staying in Florida, Arizona, or New Mexico (among other places) for parts of November to March.

</doc>
<doc id="6916600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916600" title="Beculesti">
Beculesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916603" title="Radio-show">
Radio-show



</doc>
<doc id="6916606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916606" title="Benesti">
Benesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916608" title="Members of the United States Congress">
Members of the United States Congress



</doc>
<doc id="6916611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916611" title="Bercesti">
Bercesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916614" title="Betesti">
Betesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916616" title="Blagesti">
Blagesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916626" title="Bobaresti">
Bobaresti



</doc>
<doc id="6916627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916627" title="Patricia Jones (sprinter)">
Patricia Jones (sprinter)

Patricia Jones (16 October 1930 – 23 August 2000) was a Canadian athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres. She was born in New Westminster. She competed for Canada in the 1948 Summer Olympics held in London, United Kingdom, in the 4 × 100 metres where she won the bronze medal with her teammates Viola Myers, Nancy MacKay and Diane Foster. Their 47.8-second time compares to the winning 47.5 seconds of the Netherlands and the 47.7 of the Australian team. In the individual 100 metres final she finished fifth, just behind Myers, both recording 12.3-second times against the winning 11.9-second run of Netherlands' Fanny Blankers-Koen.

</doc>
<doc id="6916629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916629" title="David S. Rosenthal">
David S. Rosenthal

David Samuel Rosenthal is an American writer and TV producer, best known as the executive producer of season seven of the popular comedy-drama "Gilmore Girls" and co-creator of the original "Ellen" TV series. He has also been known to work on "The Middle" and "Jane the Virgin".
Early life.
Rosenthal is from Lawrenceville, New Jersey. His father is Anti-Defamation League Latin American Affairs director and human rights activist rabbi Morton Rosenthal.
Career.
Shortly after moving to Hollywood, Rosenthal was hired as a writer's assistant on the ABC sitcom "Anything but Love". He began to write on his own and got a job on the show "Nurses". Rosenthal was later hired as a staff writer on "Anything but Love". When the show ended, he wrote for "Laurie Hill", a program created by Neal Marlens and Carol Black, who also produced "The Wonder Years". With Marlens and Black, Rosenthal helped develop a sitcom for Laurie Hill co-star Ellen DeGeneres. The show, entitled "These Friends of Mine", became "Ellen".
After a ten-year stint developing sitcoms for Jeffrey Katzenberg, Rosenthal was hired as a writer on the sitcom "Spin City" and was quickly promoted to showrunner.
In April 2006, it was announced that "Gilmore Girls" executive producers Amy Sherman-Palladino and her husband, Daniel, could not come to an agreement with The CW and would be leaving the show when their contracts expired that summer. Rosenthal, who worked on the show as a writer and producer for season six, was selected by Sherman-Palladino to replace her as showrunner. Though the season was considered uneven compared to the previous six, Rosenthal's writing and direction received praise.
Personal life.
Rosenthal was married to fellow "Spin City" writer Sarah Dunn. They divorced in 2001. He later quit his job on "Spin City" to focus on writing a controversial play about supermodel Heidi Klum. He married comedy writer Gracie Glassmeyer in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="6916633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916633" title="Boboiesti">
Boboiesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916639" title="Bogdanesti">
Bogdanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916642" title="4th IAAF World Athletics Final">
4th IAAF World Athletics Final



</doc>
<doc id="6916647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916647" title="William Laird Smith">
William Laird Smith

William Henry Laird Smith (15 September 1869 – 21 October 1942) was an Australian politician who served in the House of Representatives from 1910 to 1922. He was Minister for the Navy in the Hughes government from 1920 to 1921.
Early life.
Smith was born on 15 September 1869 in Westbury, Tasmania. He was one of six children born to Elizabeth (née Laird) and John Smith; his father worked as a wheelwright and telegraph contractor. He was educated at state schools in Victoria and Tasmania, before qualifying as an electrician with a firm in Devonport. Smith worked as an assistant overseer with Tasmanian Government Railways and later as an indoor machinist. He was an official in the Amalgamated Engineering Union and joined the Workers' Political League in Hobart in 1907, becoming a branch president in 1909.
Politics.
Smith was elected as the Australian Labor Party member for the Australian House of Representatives seat of Denison at the 1910 election. In December 1915, he married Mabel Ellen Russell—they had no children. He was an Assistant Minister during the Second Hughes Ministry from 14 November 1916 to 17 February 1917. He was a strong supporter of Prime Minister Billy Hughes and campaigned for conscription at the October 1916 plebiscite. Smith left the Labor Party with Hughes in the 1916 Labor split and joined the Nationalist Party when it was established.
In the Fifth Hughes Ministry he was an Honorary Minister from 4 February 1920 until he was made Minister for the Navy on 28 July 1920. He was Minister for the Navy until 21 December 1921. Owing to the end of the war, he was obliged to carry out a significant reduction in the capacity of the Royal Australian Navy. The position of naval minister was abolished in December 1921, with responsibilities transferred to the Minister for Defence, and Smith was not reappointed to the ministry. At the 1922 election, he was opposed by Labor and two other independent Nationalist candidates, losing to Labor's David O'Keefe.
Later life.
Smith moved to Burnie and married his second wife Hermione Elsie Boldt in 1922. He eventually became a farmer. At the 1934 election, he ran against Prime Minister Joseph Lyons as a supporter of social credit. In March 1938 he successfully applied for re-entry to the Labor Party.
Smith died suddenly on 21 October 1942, aged 73, while attending an ALP meeting at the Burnie Town Hall. The meeting was held in honour of ALP minister Eddie Ward and was also attended by Senator Bill Aylett. Smith moved a motion of thanks to Ward, but while Aylett was seconding the motion Smith had a sudden seizure and died on the platform within ten minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="6916648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916648" title="Boistea">
Boistea



</doc>
<doc id="6916650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916650" title="Overwintered">
Overwintered



</doc>
<doc id="6916654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916654" title="Boldesti">
Boldesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916659" title="Overwinters">
Overwinters



</doc>
<doc id="6916662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916662" title="Kikkis 16 bästa låtar">
Kikkis 16 bästa låtar



</doc>
<doc id="6916665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916665" title="Bolovanesti">
Bolovanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916670" title="Bontesti">
Bontesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916675" title="Botesti">
Botesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916677" title="British Schools Chess Championship">
British Schools Chess Championship

The British Schools Chess Championship is an annual competition for school chess teams that has been in existence continuously from 1958. The tournament is administered by the English Chess Federation and is open to all schools from the United Kingdom. The competition has been won by teams from all four countries of the UK.
Eligibility.
Entry is open to any school in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. All players must be under-19 on 31 August of the year in which the competition begins. Teams are made up of six players.
Sponsorship.
In 1938 The Sunday Times (UK) made an offer to the then British Chess Federation to donate a trophy for a competition between teams from Public schools. Before further investigation of this offer could be completed the war intervened. Finally in 1957-58 competition got under way under the sponsorship of The Sunday Times (UK) newspaper. Their patronage continued until 1983, when their sister paper The Times took over. Since the withdrawal of sponsorship by The Times after the 2001 finals, the championship continued without a sponsor until 2008.
At the height of popularity in the 1970s, in excess of 1000 teams took part, but since then a decline in the number of teams has taken place. In 2007-08, the accepted entry increased from 93 teams to 135 teams, which represented the highest number of entries for four years. Yateley Manor School, from Yateley in Hampshire, sponsors from 2008-2011, supported the event through a difficult period and deserve special mention.
The competition, now known as the National Schools Chess Championships, was relaunched by the English Chess Federation in 2012 with sponsorship from St Catherine's School, Bramley to support a tournament for girls, with both U11 and U19 sections, Heathside Preparatory School, from Hampstead, London for a new U11 open section and Winchester College for the U19 open section.
National finalists.
2016 onwards.
From the 2016 final onwards 16 schools played at the final, with the plate trophy going to the best result by a first round loser.
In 2020 the finals were not played due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
There was no competition in 2020-21.
Plate.
2010s.
Until 2015 there was an age handicap system in operation based on the average age of each team.
Teams initially compete in regional zones with the winner of each zone progressing to the National stage of the competition. There were four occasions where Primary Schools won their Regional finals against older teams. Two of these occasions were by St Teresa's RC Primary School, Colchester., the school being awarded a one-off "Best School in Chess" title in 1996

</doc>
<doc id="6916679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916679" title="Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III (disambiguation)">
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III (disambiguation)

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III may refer to any of the following "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" ("TMNT") related media:

</doc>
<doc id="6916680" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916680" title="Botus">
Botus



</doc>
<doc id="6916683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916683" title="Bozies">
Bozies



</doc>
<doc id="6916688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916688" title="Brabeti">
Brabeti



</doc>
<doc id="6916693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916693" title="Direct films">
Direct films



</doc>
<doc id="6916694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916694" title="Benjamin scale">
Benjamin scale

The Sex Orientation Scale (SOS) was Harry Benjamin's attempt to classify and understand various forms and subtypes of transvestism and transsexualism in people assigned male at birth, published in 1966. It was a seven-point scale (with three types of transvestism, three types of transsexualism, and one category for typical males); it was analogous to the Kinsey Scale as it relates to sexual orientation, which also had seven categories.
Much like Kinsey's understanding of sexual orientation, Benjamin understood the nature of gender identity and gender expression not as a discrete scale, but as a spectrum, a continuum with many variations. However the Benjamin scale does not reflect a modern understanding of gender identity, and is not useful as a contemporary diagnostic tool, especially due to its conflation of gender identity with sexual orientation.
Benjamin feared legal consequences for surgeons who performed sex reassignment surgery, and focused on the patients being able to pass and unlikely to regret their decision when deciding whether to recommend someone for an operation—in addition to possessing an unchanging gender identity.
Sex Orientation Scale (S.O.S.).
Sex and Gender Role Disorientation and Indecision (Males)
Benjamin noted, "It must be emphasized again that the remaining six types are not and never can be sharply separated."
Benjamin added a caveat:
Benjamin's Scale references and uses Alfred Kinsey's sexual orientation scale to distinguish between "true transsexualism" and "transvestism".
Modern views.
Contemporary views on gender identity and classification differ markedly from Harry Benjamin's original opinions. Sexual orientation is no longer regarded a criterion for diagnosis, or for distinction between transsexuality, transvestism and other forms of gender variant behavior and expression. Modern views also exclude fetishistic transvestism from the spectrum of transsexual identity/classification, this type of transvestism is not related to gender expression or identity but is a distinctly sexual phenomenon most commonly practised by people who are neither transsexual nor homosexual. Benjamin's scale was designed for use with heterosexual trans women, and trans men's identities do not align with these categories.

</doc>
<doc id="6916695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916695" title="Bradatel">
Bradatel



</doc>
<doc id="6916699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916699" title="Go Gopher Victory">
Go Gopher Victory

"Go Gopher Victory" is one of the school songs of the University of Minnesota. Composed in 1925 by University graduate Addison H. Douglass, this tune was originally entitled "The Gopher M". It is frequently played at Minnesota Golden Gopher athletic events by the University of Minnesota Marching Band.

</doc>
<doc id="6916705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916705" title="Bradeanca">
Bradeanca



</doc>
<doc id="6916706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916706" title="Jessy">
Jessy

Jessy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6916708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916708" title="Modal companion">
Modal companion

In logic, a modal companion of a superintuitionistic (intermediate) logic "L" is a normal modal logic that interprets "L" by a certain canonical translation, described below. Modal companions share various properties of the original intermediate logic, which enables to study intermediate logics using tools developed for modal logic.
Gödel–McKinsey–Tarski translation.
Let "A" be a propositional intuitionistic formula. A modal formula "T"("A") is defined by induction on the complexity of "A":
As negation is in intuitionistic logic defined by formula_7, we also have
"T" is called the Gödel translation or Gödel–McKinsey–Tarski translation. The translation is sometimes presented in slightly different ways: for example, one may insert formula_9 before every subformula. All such variants are provably equivalent in S4.
Modal companions.
For any normal modal logic "M" that extends S4, we define its si-fragment "ρM" as
The si-fragment of any normal extension of S4 is a superintuitionistic logic. A modal logic "M" is a modal companion of a superintuitionistic logic "L" if formula_11.
Every superintuitionistic logic has modal companions. The smallest modal companion of "L" is
where formula_13 denotes normal closure. It can be shown that every superintuitionistic logic also has a largest modal companion, which is denoted by "σL". A modal logic "M" is a companion of "L" if and only if formula_14.
For example, S4 itself is the smallest modal companion of intuitionistic logic (IPC). The largest modal companion of IPC is the Grzegorczyk logic Grz, axiomatized by the axiom
over K. The smallest modal companion of classical logic (CPC) is Lewis' S5, whereas its largest modal companion is the logic
More examples:
Blok–Esakia isomorphism.
The set of extensions of a superintuitionistic logic "L" ordered by inclusion forms a complete lattice, denoted Ext"L". Similarly, the set of normal extensions of a modal logic "M" is a complete lattice NExt"M". The companion operators "ρM", "τL", and "σL" can be considered as mappings between the lattices ExtIPC and NExtS4:
It is easy to see that all three are monotone, and formula_19 is the identity function on ExtIPC. L. Maksimova and V. Rybakov have shown that "ρ", "τ", and "σ" are actually complete, join-complete and meet-complete lattice homomorphisms respectively. The cornerstone of the theory of modal companions is the Blok–Esakia theorem, proved independently by Wim Blok and Leo Esakia. It states
Accordingly, "σ" and the restriction of "ρ" to NExtGrz are called the Blok–Esakia isomorphism. An important corollary to the Blok–Esakia theorem is a simple syntactic description of largest modal companions: for every superintuitionistic logic "L",
Semantic description.
The Gödel translation has a frame-theoretic counterpart. Let formula_21 be a transitive and reflexive modal general frame. The preorder "R" induces the equivalence relation
on "F", which identifies points belonging to the same cluster. Let formula_23 be the induced quotient partial order (i.e., "ρF" is the set of equivalence classes of formula_24), and put
Then formula_26 is an intuitionistic general frame, called the skeleton of F. The point of the skeleton construction is that it preserves validity modulo Gödel translation: for any intuitionistic formula "A",
Therefore, the si-fragment of a modal logic "M" can be defined semantically: if "M" is complete with respect to a class "C" of transitive reflexive general frames, then "ρM" is complete with respect to the class formula_27.
The largest modal companions also have a semantic description. For any intuitionistic general frame formula_28, let "σV" be the closure of "V" under Boolean operations (binary intersection and complement). It can be shown that "σV" is closed under formula_9, thus formula_30 is a general modal frame. The skeleton of "σ"F is isomorphic to F. If "L" is a superintuitionistic logic complete with respect to a class "C" of general frames, then its largest modal companion "σL" is complete with respect to formula_31.
The skeleton of a Kripke frame is itself a Kripke frame. On the other hand, "σ"F is never a Kripke frame if F is a Kripke frame of infinite depth.
Preservation theorems.
The value of modal companions and the Blok–Esakia theorem as a tool for investigation of intermediate logics comes from the fact that many interesting properties of logics are preserved by some or all of the mappings "ρ", "σ", and "τ". For example,
Other properties.
Every intermediate logic "L" has an infinite number of modal companions, and moreover, the set formula_32 of modal companions of "L" contains an infinite descending chain. For example, formula_33 consists of S5, and the logics formula_34 for every positive integer "n", where formula_35 is the "n"-element cluster. The set of modal companions of any "L" is either countable, or it has the cardinality of the continuum. Rybakov has shown that the lattice Ext"L" can be embedded in formula_32; in particular, a logic has a continuum of modal companions if it has a continuum of extensions (this holds, for instance, for all intermediate logics below KC). It is unknown whether the converse is also true.
The Gödel translation can be applied to rules as well as formulas: the translation of a rule
is the rule
A rule "R" is admissible in a logic "L" if the set of theorems of "L" is closed under "R". It is easy to see that "R" is admissible in a superintuitionistic logic "L" whenever "T"("R") is admissible in a modal companion of "L". The converse is not true in general, but it holds for the largest modal companion of "L".

</doc>
<doc id="6916710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916710" title="Doyle's Delight">
Doyle's Delight

Doyle's Delight is the highest peak in Belize at . It lies on the Maya Divide, the main ridge line of the Maya Mountains in southwestern Belize.
The name Doyle's Delight was first coined by Sharon Matola in a 1989 report. The name is based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's book "The Lost World" (1912), which contains the quote "there must be something wild and wonderful in a country such as this, and we're the men to find it out!".
This name has meanwhile achieved widespread acceptance. The official Government of Belize Website lists Doyle's Delight as the highest point in Belize. The capital of Belize, Belmopan, has a "Doyle's Delight Street". Recently there has been an attempt to rename the peak to "Kaan Witz" which is Maya for "Sky Mountain", but the new name has not gained widespread acceptance.
Although Victoria Peak was for many years touted as the highest point in Belize, recent assessments determined that it is apparently slightly lower at . Victoria Peak is located east of the Maya Mountain Divide in the Stann Creek District, and in clear weather its dramatic peak is visible from the coast. Doyle's Delight is located in the heart of the Maya Mountains and is part of a more gently sloping range, with no dramatic peak.
Expeditions.
There is a clearing on the peak that is maintained by the Belize Defence Force and the British Military as a helicopter landing. In 1970, a survey marker was placed at the high point of the ridge.
In 2004 and 2007 ecologists reached the summit by using a helicopter and surveyed Doyle's Delight and adjacent ridges to better understand the ecology and biodiversity of the region. These efforts focused on plants, fungi, insects, amphibians, birds, and small mammals, and produced preliminary inventory data for the area.
Two notable expeditions by mountaineers, in 2007 and 2008, reached the summit by hiking and climbing for eight days through the virgin jungle. The second expedition members included: Bruno Kuppinger (Germany), Christian Rodriguez (Guatemala), Douglas Leonardo (Guatemala), Emilino Sho (Belize), Alfredo, and Erick Cho (Belize).

</doc>
<doc id="6916711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916711" title="Bradesti">
Bradesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916714" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916714" title="Think!">
Think!

Think! may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6916715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916715" title="Observatory, Cape Town">
Observatory, Cape Town

Observatory is a suburb in Cape Town, South Africa, colloquially known as Obs. Bordered by Mowbray to the south and Salt River to the northwest, the area is best known as a student neighbourhood associated with the nearby University of Cape Town and Groote Schuur Hospital. It takes its name from the South African Astronomical Observatory headquarters, built in 1829 by the Royal Observatory. 
Geography.
Observatory is situated on the north-facing lower slopes of Devil's Peak. The slope runs into the Liesbeeck River and, as such, much of present-day lower Observatory was a marshy estuary formed by the rivers, where buffalo, hippo, elephant, zebra, jackals, antelope, lions and leopards were once prevalent.
The Raapenberg Bird Sanctuary protects of land along the Liesbeek River.
History.
In 1510, the area was the scene of a raid by the Portuguese, led by Francisco de Almeida, on a Goringhaiqua Khoikhoi village, which ultimately led to the death of de Almeida and approximately sixty of his compatriots during the Battle of Salt River.
Modern-day Observatory traces its origins to the Koornhoop Colony land grant issued in 1657. Between February 1657 and February 1658, fourteen free burghers were granted land by the Dutch East India Company along the Liesbeeck River valley. The then governor of the Cape, Jan van Riebeek, decreed that a fortified building called "Fort Coornhoop" be built as one of several small forts to protect against the Khoikhoi. Part of what was developed as Koornhoop became Uitwyk, which is now known as Malta Farm.
The name is derived from the location and construction of the Royal Observatory, Cape of Good Hope in the area at in 1820. The Royal Observatory in Observatory, Cape Town, houses the McClean Telescope. The building was designed by Sir Herbert Baker and was completed in 1897. The original buildings now serve as the headquarters of the South African Astronomical Observatory, with an on-site museum exhibiting various historic instruments and telescopes. 
Heidelberg Tavern massacre.
During the years of apartheid, Observatory was one of the few de facto 'grey' suburbs where all races lived together. On the evening of 30 December 1993, three men entered a popular student venue on Station Road, called the Heidelberg Tavern and opened fire, killing four people and injuring five. The three APLA operatives – Humphrey Luyanda Gqomfa, Vuyisile Brian Madasi and Zola Prince Mabala – were convicted in November 1994 for what became known as the Heidelberg Massacre. On 16 July 1998, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission granted the three amnesty.
Modern Observatory.
It continues to be a somewhat alternative part of town, with 'New Age' stores including an anarchist store, and several programmes at the Observatory Community Centre. It is served by Observatory railway station on the Southern Line, with regular trains every 40 minutes or so, and every hour on Sunday.
Observatory is the location for much of the short-term accommodation used by increasing numbers of international students attending UCT.
Amenities.
The suburb's proximity to the University of Cape Town (UCT) and its medical school in particular, has always made it popular with both students and faculty. Observatory has long been a vibrant area, as a result of its high proportion of students. There are numerous restaurants and bars, and many neighbourhood staples. Most restaurants and retail shops are located along Lower Main road with a 95-year-old bottle store, Observatory Liquors, situated in the middle. There is also a shopping complex in St. Peter's square, which is located opposite Groote Schuur graveyard.
Observatory is home to many churches. The Anglican parish church of St Michael and All Angels, designed by Sir Herbert Baker and the only one of his churches completed to his design, is a bastion of Anglo-Catholicism within the Anglican community of South Africa and has a strong choral tradition.
Observatory has a soccer and hockey stadium below the station, Hartleyvale Stadium which is flanked on one side by Liesbeeck Parkway and on the other by Willow Road. In this section of land, there is also an outdoor swimming pool that is popular on summer afternoons – between the two there's a circus school.
Civic involvement.
There are several civic organisations in the suburb. The longest serving is the Observatory Civics Association (OCA) that liaises between the local residents, NGOs, businesses and the City of Cape Town. The Observatory Civics Association is a member of the Greater Cape Town Civic Alliance. The OCA worked with the City of Cape Town to upgrade the Village Green and relocate the World War II memorial from the N2.
In November 2009, the Observatory Improvement District was launched to enhance the suburb with better security and maintenance. The Observatory Improvement District covers almost all of Observatory below Main Road. In 2010, walking and cycle paths were established on the western side of the Liesbeek River.
There are two birdwatching hides on the river, one in the grounds of the South African Observatory, and one in the grounds of the River Club.
Hospitals.
Beyond the astronomical observatory is Valkenberg psychiatric hospital, a Victorian heritage building that has recently undergone extensive renovations. Valkenberg houses the mentally ill in secure accommodation, as well as providing out patient care. Beyond Valkenberg is a small hotel, and the Wild Fig restaurant.
The Groote Schuur Hospital looms over the suburb, and is the hospital where Professor Chris Barnard performed the world's first heart transplant, on 3 December 1967. This event is the theme of the Heart of Cape Town Museum, located at the hospital.
Crime and security.
As with most of South African urban spaces, crime is a problem, with burglary and muggings. In the past decade there were several murders, however security has now improved with active local civic participation. A pioneering community security organisation, Obs Watch, ran bicycle patrols for years, but became defunct. In 2006 this was formally replaced by the Observatory Neighbourhood Watch, and this intervention has made a significant impact on cleansing and safety in the suburb. Large CCTV cameras have been erected at most of the exits and entrances to Obs. 
Controversy.
In 2021, Amazon announced that it would be the main tenant and investor in a site in Cape Town along the Salt, Black and Liesbeek Rivers that is being turned into an expansive complex with residences, shops, a hotel, conference centre and a business park. It is expected to become the African headquarters for Amazon, which hopes to base its expanding operations in Africa. However, in May 2022, a court in Cape Town upheld a judgment in March which stopped work on the sprawling complex until further consultations had taken place with groups representing Indigenous Khoisan communities, who object to building on a site they consider sacred. Construction is currently halted due to fears of displacement, as well as concerns over Amazon's business practices.

</doc>
<doc id="6916717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916717" title="Bradet">
Bradet



</doc>
<doc id="6916719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916719" title="Star Ledger Trophy">
Star Ledger Trophy



</doc>
<doc id="6916720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916720" title="Callie Shaw">
Callie Shaw



</doc>
<doc id="6916722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916722" title="Bradetu">
Bradetu



</doc>
<doc id="6916725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916725" title="Braesti">
Braesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916726" title="Goodnight Moon (song)">
Goodnight Moon (song)

"Goodnight Moon" is a song by American alternative rock band Shivaree, written by Ambrosia Parsley and Duke McVinnie. It is the seventh track on the band's debut album, "I Oughtta Give You a Shot in the Head for Making Me Live in This Dump" (1999), and was released as the band's debut single on March 24, 2000. The song topped the Italian Singles Chart and became a top-30 hit in France. Shivaree have not had another such hit, making them a one-hit wonder.
Track listings.
Italian and UK CD single
French CD single

</doc>
<doc id="6916730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916730" title="Jere Ratcliffe">
Jere Ratcliffe

Jere Brian Ratcliffe (July 4, 1937 – August 21, 2015) was a professional Scouter in the Boy Scouts of America who was the ninth Chief Scout Executive.
Background.
Ratcliffe was born on July 4, 1937 and grew up in Springfield, Ohio, where he met his wife, the former Judy Jones. He was awarded Eagle Scout in 1955 and as an adult was presented with the Distinguished Eagle Scout Award. After graduating from Wittenberg University in 1959, he volunteered at the Scout center of the North Florida Council in Jacksonville, Florida. He decided to make a career as a Scouting professional and attended the National Training School. His first position was as the district executive in the Blue Ridge Council of Greenville, South Carolina. He was first assigned as a scout executive in 1976, later becoming the Scout executive of the Heart of America Council in Kansas City, Missouri, where he became Chief Soaring Lone Eagle of the Tribe of Mic-O-Say. Prior to his selection as Chief Scout Executive, he was director of the BSA's Central Region, headquartered in Naperville, Illinois.
Ratcliffe also served as Scout Executive for the former Birmingham (AL) Area Council, circa late 1970s; that council merged with two other councils in the 1990s to form the Central Alabama Council.
As Chief Scout Executive.
On February 1, 1993, Ratcliffe accepted the position of the Chief Scout Executive of the Boy Scouts of America (BSA). In March 1998, he met in Japan with leaders of the Boy Scouts of Japan to start an exchange program with the BSA. While there, he presented Japanese Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto with the BSA's Silver World Award. Ratcliffe said Scouting, "is one of the few programs that still focuses on values, and values seem to be a quality many of our young people lack today".
In October 1998 he received the Order of the Arrow Distinguished Service Award. The year before, in April 1997, Ratcliffe was arrested at Miami International Airport when the security scan showed he had inadvertently left a handgun in his luggage.
During his tenure, Ratcliffe created the Nationally Coordinated Endowment Emphasis to increase the level of endowment giving to local councils. He also created the James E. West Fellowship, the 1910 Society, and the Founders Circle to focus on endowments. These efforts effectively doubled local council endowments and allowed National to direct funds to major improvements in the high-adventure bases. Under Ratcliffe's administration, the Operation First Class program, now known as Scoutreach, was introduced to provide training and develop the resources necessary to serve at-risk youth in urban and rural areas.
Retirement and later years.
Ratcliffe received a retirement benefit of $2.6 million when he retired in May 2000. He received an honorary doctor of humane letters degree from Wittenberg in 2004. Ratcliffe lived in Southlake, Texas, and served on the coordinating committees of the World Organization of the Scout Movement and the World Foundation. Ratcliffe died on August 21, 2015, at the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="6916732" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916732" title="Braniste">
Braniste



</doc>
<doc id="6916734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916734" title="Seaboard Air Line 6113">
Seaboard Air Line 6113

The Seaboard Air Line Dining Car-#6113 is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad dining car in Boca Raton, Florida. It has been restored, and is located at 747 South Dixie Highway, off U.S. 1, part of the Boca Express Train Museum. On April 5, 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was originally built by the Budd Company in 1947 and could seat 48.

</doc>
<doc id="6916735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916735" title="Branistea">
Branistea



</doc>
<doc id="6916736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916736" title="Seaboard Air Line 6603">
Seaboard Air Line 6603

The Seaboard Air Line Lounge Car-6603 is a historic Seaboard Air Line Railroad passenger car in Boca Raton, Florida. It is located at 747 South Dixie Highway, off U.S. 1, part of the restored Florida East Coast Railway Passenger Station. On April 5, 2001, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was originally built by the Budd Company in 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="6916737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916737" title="Duel and Duality">
Duel and Duality



</doc>
<doc id="6916739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916739" title="Brateni">
Brateni



</doc>
<doc id="6916740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916740" title="HSTS">
HSTS

HSTS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6916743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916743" title="Bratesti">
Bratesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916746" title="Joe Hardy (The Hardy Boys)">
Joe Hardy (The Hardy Boys)



</doc>
<doc id="6916747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916747" title="Bratulesti">
Bratulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916751" title="Stormtrooper in Drag">
Stormtrooper in Drag

"Stormtrooper in Drag" is the debut single by Paul Gardiner, who was the bass player in Gary Numan's backing band (and in Numan's first band, Tubeway Army). Numan is featured on the single as a co-composer, producer, musician and vocalist.
Production background.
Though the single was released under Gardiner's name alone in 1981, it is often credited as Paul Gardiner featuring Gary Numan, and appears on a number of Numan's compilation albums. Numan not only played on and produced the recording but also co-composed and sang lead vocals. It was published by Numan Music and released by Numan's then-current label, Beggars Banquet.
The track was the first product released by Numan, or any of the former members of his backing band, following his 'farewell' concerts at Wembley Arena in April 1981. It also marked the first time in their four years of working together that the friends and former Tubeway Army bandmates had collaborated in the writing of a published song. The result was a departure from the electropop sound that had been Numan's trademark, featuring a vocal performance and sonic textures that foreshadowed his next album, "Dance". Gardiner and Numan were credited with guitar and bass, respectively, contrary to their usual practice; both also played synthesizers while Numan's adopted brother, John Webb, played drums.
The single made No. 49 in the UK charts in 1981. The 12" cut was a promo-only version on standard black vinyl; its tracks, their mixes and durations, were identical to the 7" single.
B-side.
The B-side, "Night Talk", was another Gardiner/Numan co-composition which, unlike the A-side, would appear on Numan's September 1981 studio album, "Dance". Whereas "Stormtrooper in Drag" featured conventional percussion, "Night Talk" made extensive use of a drum machine, the Linn LM-1. Both songs referenced drugs, the former describing "needles in arms", the latter concerning a man dealing with a lover who is an addict (Gardiner was himself a heroin user, while Numan always claimed abstinence from drugs).
Versions.
"Stormtrooper in Drag" is included on numerous Gary Numan albums including the CD reissue of "Dance" and the compilations "" (1982), "Exhibition" (1987) and "The Premier Hits" (1996). A live version appears on his album "Dark Light" (1995); this was recorded in 1994, the tenth anniversary of Gardiner's death (Numan also played live the B-side, "Night Talk", as a 20th anniversary memorial in 2004). It was covered by Saint Etienne for the Numan tribute album "Random" (1997); an edited version of this performance also appeared on their album "Continental". Terre Thaemlitz recorded a piano version on the tribute album "Replicas Rubato" (1999).

</doc>
<doc id="6916753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916753" title="Brosteni">
Brosteni



</doc>
<doc id="6916754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916754" title="Ottar Gjermundshaug">
Ottar Gjermundshaug

Ottar Gjermundshaug (29 January 1925, Alvdal – 10 April 1963) was a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed in the early 1950s. He won a silver medal in the individual event at the 1950 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Lake Placid, New York.
Gjermundshaug also finished sixth in the individual event and 18th in the 18 km cross-country skiing event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo.
He represented Alvdal IL.

</doc>
<doc id="6916755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916755" title="Bucsa">
Bucsa



</doc>
<doc id="6916757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916757" title="Bucsani">
Bucsani



</doc>
<doc id="6916759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916759" title="Ukrainian Revolution">
Ukrainian Revolution

Ukrainian Revolution may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6916762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916762" title="Tyasmyn River">
Tyasmyn River



</doc>
<doc id="6916763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916763" title="Budisteni">
Budisteni



</doc>
<doc id="6916768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916768" title="Buhalnita">
Buhalnita



</doc>
<doc id="6916770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916770" title="Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2">
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2



</doc>
<doc id="6916771" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916771" title="MVDS">
MVDS

MVDS is an acronym for terrestrial "Multipoint Video Distribution System".
MVDS currently is a part of broader MWS (Multimedia Wireless System) standards.
In the European Union MWS works in 10.7–13.5 and 40.5–43.5 GHz frequency bands.
Research for 42 GHz frequency has been done under the European Commission EMBRACE (Efficient Millimetre Broadband Radio Access for Convergence and Evolution) initiative.

</doc>
<doc id="6916773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916773" title="Iola Morton">
Iola Morton



</doc>
<doc id="6916774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916774" title="Buicesti">
Buicesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916777" title="Bunesti">
Bunesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916779" title="Langara Island">
Langara Island

Langara Island, known as Kiis Gwaii to the Haida (Haida: "Ḵ'íis Gwáayaay"), is the northernmost island of Haida Gwaii in British Columbia, Canada. The island is approximately in size. It is located approximately south of Alaska.
History.
Little is known about its history. It is named after Spanish naval commander Juan de Lángara. During Lángara's period at the head of the Spanish navy, Spanish explorers were charting the coast of what is now British Columbia, and, in their charts, named some land formations after him. Juan José Pérez Hernández was the first European to sight, examine, name, and record these islands. His frigate was the "Santiago", which was crewed mostly by Mexicans. In July 1774, he briefly met a group of Haida off the northwestern tip of Langara Island. In 1913 the Langara Light was lit at the northwest corner of the island. It is one of the largest islands from which Norway rats have been eradicated. The eradication campaign for "R. norvegicus" was begun in July 1995 using anti-coagulant bait and the island was declared free of rats in May 1997.
On 6 September 2018, the "Haida Legend" sank off Langara Island. The vessel had been fishing halibut and the cause of the sinking is unknown. All members of the crew were rescued.
Climate.
Langara Island has an oceanic climate ("Cfb", bordering on "Cfc") with cool to mild summers and very cool, rainy winters with chilly nights.

</doc>
<doc id="6916783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916783" title="Penn State World Campus">
Penn State World Campus

Penn State World Campus is the online campus of Pennsylvania State University, a public university in Pennsylvania. Launched in 1998, World Campus grew out of the university's history in distance education that began in 1892. It offers more than 200 online undergraduate and graduate degree and certificate programs in partnership with Penn State academic units. World Campus offices and a major part of its technical infrastructure are located at Innovation Park on the University Park Campus.
Penn State World Campus is accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education (MSCHE).
History.
Penn State started offering distance education courses in 1892, when it launched one of the nation's first correspondence study programs to farmers around Pennsylvania. More than one hundred years later, in 1998, the University reaffirmed its commitment to providing accessible learning to all who need it with the launching of Penn State World Campus. One of several roots underpinning the policy decision to establish World Campus was a decade of experimentation at The American Centre for Study of Distance Education in the College of Education, in which Professor Michael G. Moore developed and taught some of the world's first online courses, including cadres of students in several cities in Mexico and Europe as well as the USA. Penn State Vice-President Jim Ryan became persuaded of the quality of the pedagogy being developed in these courses and in 1992 he commissioned the setting up of a University-wide Task Force to study the potential of a major initiative, the conclusion being that "The Task Force firmly believes that there is a very real possibility that national and international preeminence in distance education may prove to be a prerequisite to national and international preeminence in most other areas of academic enterprise." Moore led the development of the first World Campus Master's degree courses in adult education.
Penn State World Campus uses multiple technologies to make some of Penn State's well-respected graduate, undergraduate, and continuing professional education programs available anytime, anywhere throughout the world.
Academics.
Penn State World Campus offers online programs awarding graduate and undergraduate degrees and certificates. Courses are offered in an online asynchronous format.
Rankings.
"U.S. News &amp; World Report" recognized 25 Penn State World Campus degree programs in their 2025 Best Online Programs rankings.
The "Best Online Programs for Veterans" rankings for Penn State are:

</doc>
<doc id="6916784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916784" title="2006 IAAF World Athletics Final">
2006 IAAF World Athletics Final

The 4th IAAF World Athletics Final was held at the Gottlieb-Daimler-Stadion in Stuttgart, Germany on September 9 and September 10, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6916785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916785" title="Buruienesti">
Buruienesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916787" title="Hand-painted films">
Hand-painted films



</doc>
<doc id="6916789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916789" title="Butesti">
Butesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916790" title="Aeroacoustic analogy">
Aeroacoustic analogy

Acoustic analogies are applied mostly in numerical aeroacoustics to reduce aeroacoustic sound sources to simple emitter types. They are therefore often also referred to as aeroacoustic analogies.
In general, aeroacoustic analogies are derived from the compressible Navier–Stokes equations (NSE). The compressible NSE are rearranged into various forms of the inhomogeneous acoustic wave equation. Within these equations, source terms describe the acoustic sources. They consist of pressure and speed fluctuation as well as stress tensor and force terms.
Approximations are introduced to make the source terms independent of the acoustic variables. In this way, linearized equations are derived which describe the propagation of the acoustic waves in a homogeneous, resting medium. The latter is excited by the acoustic source terms, which are determined from the turbulent fluctuations. Since the aeroacoustics are described by the equations of classical acoustics, the methods are called aeroacoustic analogies.
Types.
The Lighthill analogy considers a free flow, as for example with an engine jet. The nonstationary fluctuations of the stream are represented by a distribution of quadrupole sources in the same volume.
The Curle analogy is a formal solution of the Lighthill analogy, which takes hard surfaces into consideration.
The Ffowcs Williams–Hawkings analogy is valid for aeroacoustic sources in relative motion with respect to a hard surface, as is the case in many technical applications for example in the automotive industry or in air travel. The calculation involves quadrupole, dipole and monopole terms.

</doc>
<doc id="6916791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916791" title="Sir John Byng">
Sir John Byng



</doc>
<doc id="6916795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916795" title="Buzesti">
Buzesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916797" title="Caciulata">
Caciulata



</doc>
<doc id="6916799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916799" title="List of Native American Medal of Honor recipients">
List of Native American Medal of Honor recipients

This is a list of Native Americans awarded the nation's highest military decoration – the Medal of Honor. The Medal of Honor is bestowed "for conspicuous gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of life, above and beyond the call of duty, in actual combat against an armed enemy force." The medal is awarded by the President of the United States on behalf of the Congress.
Of the 3,469 Medals of Honor awarded as of 2010, 29 have been awarded to Native Americans.
The Medal of Honor was created during the American Civil War and is the highest military decoration presented by the United States government to a member of its armed forces. The recipient must have distinguished themselves at the risk of their own life above and beyond the call of duty in action against an enemy of the United States. Due to the nature of this medal, it is commonly presented posthumously.
List of recipients.
! Name
! Tribe/Nation
! Service
! Rank
! Conflict
! Place of action
! Date of action
!class="unsortable"|Notes

</doc>
<doc id="6916804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916804" title="Calacea">
Calacea



</doc>
<doc id="6916807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916807" title="Caldarusa">
Caldarusa



</doc>
<doc id="6916811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916811" title="Calnic">
Calnic



</doc>
<doc id="6916813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916813" title="Ships-of-the-line">
Ships-of-the-line



</doc>
<doc id="6916818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916818" title="Campia">
Campia



</doc>
<doc id="6916822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916822" title="Campu Mare">
Campu Mare



</doc>
<doc id="6916825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916825" title="Don Antonio de Úlloa">
Don Antonio de Úlloa



</doc>
<doc id="6916828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916828" title="Candesti">
Candesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916829" title="Womyn born womyn">
Womyn born womyn



</doc>
<doc id="6916835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916835" title="Caprioara">
Caprioara



</doc>
<doc id="6916836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916836" title="Women born women">
Women born women



</doc>
<doc id="6916838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916838" title="Carlig">
Carlig



</doc>
<doc id="6916840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916840" title="Porsche Carrera GTS">
Porsche Carrera GTS



</doc>
<doc id="6916843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916843" title="Keith Barr (Gaelic footballer)">
Keith Barr (Gaelic footballer)

Keith Barr is a former Gaelic footballer who played for the Erin's Isle club and the Dublin county team.
Sporting career.
Barr made his inter county championship debut against Wicklow in 1989. Keith was on the 1995 All-Ireland winning team when Dublin narrowly defeated Tyrone. He won two National football league titles with Dublin, in 1991 and again in the National football league final replay against Donegal. Although, Barr had come on as a substitute against Donegal in 1993, he did not appear in the replayed game but still received his winners' medal. Barr received two All-Star awards, the first in 1991 and the second in Dublin's All-Ireland winning year. He also has a Compromise rules medals for Ireland's victory over Australia in 1990.
In 1991, Dublin had 3 draws in a row against Meath, a game which in Meath winning the fourth game by a scoreline of 2-10 to 0-15. It was claimed by Jimmy Keaveney, that Keith Barr's penalty miss was the turning point in the game. He was adamant that Barr had been instructed to take the point, but he went for glory and subsequently missed his chance. Although it is also claimed that the penalty miss was due to Mick Lyons of Meath running alongside Barr as he took the penalty, a penalty retake was never given.

</doc>
<doc id="6916850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916850" title="Carligei">
Carligei



</doc>
<doc id="6916852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916852" title="Danish Runic Inscription 66">
Danish Runic Inscription 66

Danish Runic Inscription 66 or DR 66, also known as the Mask stone, is a granite Viking Age memorial runestone that was discovered in Aarhus, Denmark. The inscription features a facial mask and memorializes a man who died in a battle.
Description.
The runestone is famous for bearing a depiction of a facial mask and an Old Norse runic inscription mentioning a battle between kings, which also appears on Västergötland Runic Inscription 40. There is insufficient evidence to establish which battle the inscription refers to, but the Battle of Svolder (1000) and the Battle of Helgeån (1026) have been proposed as candidates. The mask depicted has been explained by the Moesgård Museum as "probably intended to be protection against evil spirits". Other inscriptions using a facial mask, which was a common motif, include DR 62 in Sjelle, DR 81 in Skern, DR 258 in Bösarp, the now-lost DR 286 in Hunnestad, DR 314 in Lund, DR 335 in Västra Strö, Vg 106 in Lassegården, Sö 86 in Åby ägor, Sö 112 in Kolunda, Sö 167 in Landshammar, Sö 367 in Släbro, Nä 34 in Nasta, U 508 in Gillberga, U 670 in Rölunda, U 678 in Skokloster, U 824 in Holms, U 1034 in Tensta, and U 1150 in Björklinge, and on the Sjellebro Stone.
The stone may have originally been located along the important road into Aarhus from the west, as it was found with most of the other runestones in Aarhus in buildings adjoining this important road. In the Mask Stone's case, it was discovered beneath Aarhus Mill in 1850, where the city park "Mølleparken" ("The Mill Park") now exists. The stone is currently on exhibition at the Moesgård Museum, the logo of which was inspired by the stone's mask.
The runic text indicates that the stone was raised by four men as a memorial to a man named Fúl. The relationship between the men is described as a "félag", which was a joint financial venture between partners during the Viking Age. Other runestones that use a form of the term "félag" include Sö 292 in Bröta, Vg 112 in Ås, Vg 122 in Abrahamstorp, the now-lost Vg 146 in Slöta, Vg 182 in Skattegården, U 391 in Villa Karlsro, the now-lost U 954 in Söderby, DR 1 in Haddeby, DR 68 in Århus, DR 125 in Dalbyover, DR 127 in Hobro, DR 262 in Fosie, DR 270 in Skivarp, DR 279 in Sjörup, DR 316 in Norra Nöbbelöv, DR 318 in Håstad, DR 321 in Västra Karaby, DR 329 and DR 330 in Gårdstånga, DR 339 in Stora Köpinge, and X UaFv1914;47 in Berezanj, Ukraina.

</doc>
<doc id="6916856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916856" title="Carligi">
Carligi



</doc>
<doc id="6916858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916858" title="Frank Drebin">
Frank Drebin

Frank Drebin is a fictional character in the "Police Squad!" television series and "The Naked Gun" movies played by Leslie Nielsen.
Appearances.
Television.
The character of Frank Drebin was introduced in "A Substantial Gift (The Broken Promise)", the first episode of the 1982 comedy series "Police Squad!" that aired on ABC. Drebin is a police officer with the rank of detective lieutenant and is a member of the Police Squad task force. The show was cancelled after four episodes, though two more were broadcast later.
Film.
Liam Neeson plays Frank Drebin Jr. in "The Naked Gun", released in August 2025.
Miscellaneous.
Leslie Nielsen features in 1990 TV adverts for the English cider producer Taunton Cider Company's Red Rock Cider brand playing a character identified in at least one as "Lt. F. Drebin".
Conception.
Leslie Nielsen had mostly serious roles until the movie "Airplane!" (1980). Director David Zucker preserved this by having Nielsen play the straight man. Zucker based his character on Lee Marvin and Clint Eastwood, while scriptwriter Pat Proft wrote all of Drebin's lines with nothing being improvised. The character's surname Drebin was picked randomly by Zucker from a phonebook. Zucker, Abrahams and Zucker felt that Leslie Nielsen would be perfect for the role, as he had previously acted in many of the types of serious roles that the trio were parodying.
Characterization.
Frank Drebin has been described as a "detective with a heart of gold and a brain of wood" and as "an anachronism, a detective who's unaware of how out of time (and out of his depth) he really is." Frank Drebin is a member of the Police Squad, a special department of the police force, where he served for many years. In the original TV series, he is a competent police officer who plays the straight man in the unique comedy going on around him. He is transformed into a more comical character in the subsequent films. He is renowned for his inept nature, which results in numerous issues, frequently more than he resolves, despite his complete ignorance of them. He consistently demonstrates respect for his associates and those he assists in the television series, despite occasionally inadvertently causing them some distress. In the film, unlike people such as his friend under whom he works, Captain Ed Hocken (Alan North/George Kennedy), he is a very indiscreetly and unsympathetically outspoken man, therefore tending to appear cold and insensitive towards people, and cynical. He just as well lacks having pity and compassion towards struggling individuals when they need it. Also having any of it when conversing with officials who confront him about his mistakes. All of this may be due to the news Frank receives from Ed in the first film: His dedication to police work has caused his wife to leave him for an Olympic gymnast, and she is now having "the best sex she's ever had." While he works under Ed, in the "Police Squad", he works with Norberg (Peter Lupus). In the "Naked Gun" series, he works with Nordberg (O. J. Simpson). Drebin has held the ranks of Sergeant and Lieutenant Detective.
Reception.
In 2008, Drebin was selected by "Empire" magazine as number 55 on "The 100 Greatest Movie Characters of All Time", as well as 74 on their newer 2019 list. In 2000, "TV Guide" named him to its list of the 25 greatest TV detectives, ranking him #23. He was also named by UGO.com as one of "The 100 Best Heroes of All Time". Ryan Lambie on "Den of Geek" argues that, "Nielsen's performance is so perfect because he plays the role of the clumsy, clueless detective almost entirely straight; the situations in which Drebin finds himself may be absurd, but the character at the center of them is entirely serious" and that with his deadpan portrayal, Nielsen's character could very well have been taken straight out of one of the more serious 1960s or 1970s television series.

</doc>
<doc id="6916859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916859" title="Transkid">
Transkid



</doc>
<doc id="6916860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916860" title="William Burdett-Coutts">
William Burdett-Coutts

William Lehman Ashmead Bartlett Burdett-Coutts (20 January 1851 – 28 July 1921), born William Lehman Ashmead-Bartlett, was an American-born British Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1921.
Life.
Ashmead-Bartlett was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey, United States, the son of Ellis Bartlett of Plymouth, Massachusetts, United States, and his wife Sophia Ashmead, daughter of John King Ashmead of Philadelphia. All his grandparents were British subjects and he was the younger brother of Ellis Ashmead-Bartlett. After his father's death in 1852 the family moved to England, and he was educated at Torquay and at Cholmeley's School, Highgate. He entered Keble College, Oxford in 1870 with a 1st Scholarship, graduating in 1875 with a BA (MA 1876). Ashmead-Bartlett was secretary and husband to the philanthropist Baroness Burdett-Coutts.
He owned the Columbia Market (built in 1869 by Baroness Burdett-Coutts), and in connection with this, he built up a large fishing fleet in the North Sea, and a considerable trade in vegetables. However, a proposed railway to the market was never built, and competition from Billingsgate Fish Market led to the closing of the market in 1886.
In 1877, he was Special Commissioner to Turkey (along with Sir Francis de Winton) to administer the Turkish Compassionate Fund. This had been initiated by the combined efforts of Baroness Burdett-Coutts, the Ambassador at Constantinople Sir Henry Layard, and his wife, for the relief of victims of the Russo-Turkish War (1877–78). In recognition of his work, he received the Collar and Star of the Order of the Medjidie from Sultan Abdul Hamid II. In 1879–80, he visited Ireland to assist in organising relief in the distressed districts and largely developed Baroness Burdett-Coutts' scheme for benefiting the Irish fisheries. He married the baroness, who was 37 years older than he was, on 12 February 1881 and took her surname. In 1883, he was on the Executive Committee of the International Fisheries Exhibition. He was chairman of the Highgate Committee for enlarging Hampstead Heath.
William Burdett-Coutts was first elected to Parliament in the 1885 general election for the London constituency of Westminster, which had become a one-seat constituency from a two-seat one. He remained the seat's MP until it was abolished in the 1918 general election, when he was elected for the new Westminster Abbey constituency. He was appointed to the Privy Council in the 1921 New Year's Honours List.
The Baroness died in 1906 and there were no children of the marriage. He was the executor and beneficiary of her will, and carried on much of her philanthropic work after her death.
Burdett-Coutts died aged 70, in St Pancras, London, while in office, and a by-election was held to replace him.

</doc>
<doc id="6916864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916864" title="Criminalize">
Criminalize



</doc>
<doc id="6916867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916867" title="Transkids">
Transkids



</doc>
<doc id="6916868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916868" title="Catunu">
Catunu



</doc>
<doc id="6916871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916871" title="Cearangu">
Cearangu



</doc>
<doc id="6916876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916876" title="Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II (disambiguation)">
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II (disambiguation)

 is the second original "TMNT" film.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6916878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916878" title="Cepesti">
Cepesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916879" title="Control C">
Control C



</doc>
<doc id="6916880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916880" title="Cermegesti">
Cermegesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916881" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916881" title="J. F. Willumsen">
J. F. Willumsen

Jens Ferdinand Willumsen (7 September 1863 – 4 April 1958) was a Danish painter, sculptor, graphic artist, architect and photographer. He became associated with the movements of Symbolism and Expressionism.
Biography.
J. F. Willumsen was born in Copenhagen, Denmark. He was the son of Hans Willumsen and Ane Kirstine. He was initially trained in art at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts from 1881 to 1885 and in architecture at the Copenhagen Technical College from 1879 to 1882. He completed his education in 1885 with the artists P.S. Krøyer (1851-1909) and Laurits Tuxen (1853–1927). His works were exhibited in the Paris Salon, the Société Nationale des Beaux-Arts, the Société des Artistes Indépendants, the art gallery of Le Barc de Boutteville and at the Exposition Universelle (1900). 
He was employed from 1897 to 1900 as an artistic director at the porcelain factory Bing &amp; Grøndahl. Besides painting, Willumsen had interests in sculpture, architecture, ceramics, and photography, and was an accomplished engraver. His sculpture "The Great Relief" (completed 1928) was included in the 2006 Danish Culture Canon as one of Denmark's cultural masterpieces.
Willumsen visited Norway in 1892 and had associations with Skagen in the north of Jutland which he first visited in 1906. It was here that he carried out most of the preparatory work on his painting "Badende børn på Skagen strand" (completed in 1909). 
Willumsen was an influence on Norwegian landscape painter Kitty Lange Kielland (1843–1914), who attempted to simplify her art in order to follow his style.
In 1910, he toured Spain, Italy, Greece and Tunisia. Willumsen lived almost half of his life in France. He settled in the south of France in 1916. He was awarded the Prince Eugen Medal in 1947. He died in Cannes during 1958.
The J.F. Willumsens Museum, which exhibits many of his works, was opened during 1957 in Frederikssund. There are also paintings by Willumsen in the collection of the ARoS Aarhus Kunstmuseum in Aarhus, Denmark and at the special Victor Petersen's Willumsen Collection near Hjørring.
Personal life.
Willumsen was married twice. In 1890 he married sculptor Juliette Meyer. Together they had sons Jan Bjørn in 1891 and Bode in 1895. In 1903, Willumsen, married sculptor Edith Wessel, after being divorced from Juliette. In second marriage he had daughters Ingemor Gersemi in 1906 and Anne-Mathilde in 1909.

</doc>
<doc id="6916883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916883" title="Tonsillar branch">
Tonsillar branch

Tonsillar branch may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6916888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916888" title="Cernatesti">
Cernatesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916890" title="Theme from Shaft">
Theme from Shaft

"Theme from "Shaft"", written and recorded by Isaac Hayes in 1971, is the soul and funk-styled theme song to the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer film "Shaft". The theme was released as a single (shortened and edited from the longer album version) two months after the movie's soundtrack by Stax Records' Enterprise label. "Theme from "Shaft"" went to number two on the "Billboard" Soul Singles chart (behind "Inner City Blues (Make Me Wanna Holler)" by Marvin Gaye) and to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States in November 1971, and number one in Canada in December. The song was also well received by adult audiences, reaching number six on "Billboard"s Easy Listening chart and number four in Canada. The song is considered by some to be one of the first disco songs.
The following year, "Theme from "Shaft"" won the Academy Award for Best Original Song, with Hayes becoming the first African American to win that honor – or any Academy Award in a non-acting category – as well as the first recipient of the award who both wrote and performed the winning song. Since then, the song has appeared in numerous television shows, commercials, and other movies, including the 2000 sequel "Shaft", for which Hayes re-recorded the song. In 2004, the original finished at number 38 in AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs survey of top songs in American cinema.
In 1972, at the 14th Annual Grammy Awards, Isaac Hayes won two Grammys, one for Best Instrumental Arrangement for "Theme from "Shaft"" and one for Best Original Score Written for a Motion Picture or a Television Special for "Shaft".
In 1999, the 1971 recording was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
Composition and history.
In 2000, Hayes told National Public Radio that he had only agreed to write and record the "Shaft" score after the film's producer, Joel Freeman, promised him an audition for the lead role, which was taken by a then-unknown Richard Roundtree. Hayes, who also had no acting experience, never got the chance to audition, but kept his end of the deal anyway. Director Gordon Parks also had a hand in composing the theme, describing the character of John Shaft (the "black private dick/who's a sex machine/to all the chicks") to Hayes and explaining that the song had to familiarize the audience with him. Hayes recorded the rhythm parts on the theme first, scored the entire rest of the film, then returned to the theme song.
Hayes told "Mojo" in 1995:
The opening sixteenth-note hi-hat ride pattern, played by Willie Hall, was drawn from a break on Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness", a Stax record on which Hayes had played. Guitarist Charles Pitts' wah-wah effect was common in 1970s funk; the riff had originally been written for an unfinished Stax song. The synthesized keyboard is played by Hayes. Even on the edited single version, the intro lasts for more than one and a half minutes before any vocals are heard. The arrangement was by Hayes and Johnny Allen.
The lyrics describe John Shaft's coolness, courage and sex appeal and Hayes' lead vocals are punctuated by a trio of female backup singers. At one famous moment, Hayes calls Shaft "a bad mother—;" before the backup singers (one of whom is Tony Orlando and Dawn's Telma Hopkins) interrupt the implied profanity with the line "Shut yo' mouth!" Hayes immediately defends himself by replying "I'm talking about Shaft", with the back-up vocalists replying, "We can dig it." Other well-known passages include "You're damn right!" also uttered by Hayes, and "He's a complicated man/but no one understands him/but his woman/John Shaft."
The song was considered very racy for its time. As late as 1990, censors at the Fox Network thought it too risqué to be sung on "The Simpsons" (until it was pointed out that the song had been played on television before).
The song was not intended to be a single, but the success of the film and the popularity of the track in nightclubs led to a 45 record of the theme being released on Enterprise Records two months after the soundtrack. Within two months, it hit No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and stayed there a second week. It peaked at No. 4 in the UK Singles Chart. The song had an enormous influence on the disco and soul music of the decade.
In 1972, Hayes performed "Theme from "Shaft"" as part of the Academy Awards ceremony in his signature chain mail vest, but accepted the Academy Award for Best Original Song later that night wearing a tuxedo. He dedicated his historic win to his grandmother, Rushia Wade, who joined him onstage as he accepted the award. Following the Academy Awards, Hayes, the Rev. Jesse Jackson and the Stax staff dedicated the win to the black community at an Operation PUSH rally. "When it hit so big I was in severe disbelief ..." he later reflected. "Then when it won an Academy Award — it won Best Song, but the album was also nominated for Best Soundtrack — I was in a state of shock. This was after the Academy tried to disqualify it, too, saying, because I can't write music, it wasn't my composition. Quincy Jones got in there and argued my case; saying that, even if I didn't physically write it down, they were my ideas."
Later that year, Hayes performed "Theme from "Shaft"" live at the Wattstax concert in Los Angeles. Film footage of this performance was recorded for Mel Stuart's documentary film of the concert, but was cut before the film's release due to legal complications with MGM, who would not allow Hayes to perform his "Shaft" songs in any other film until 1976. A 2003 remastered version of the "Wattstax" film reinstates Hayes' performance of "Theme from "Shaft"".
When John Singleton directed an updated version of "Shaft" in 2000, starring Samuel L. Jackson, Hayes re-recorded the theme for the new film.
Cover versions.
A version by Eddy and the Soul Band was a No. 13 hit in the UK Singles Chart in 1985.

</doc>
<doc id="6916891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916891" title="Chechis">
Chechis



</doc>
<doc id="6916896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916896" title="Chirculesti">
Chirculesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916899" title="Chiritesti">
Chiritesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916901" title="Babylon the great">
Babylon the great



</doc>
<doc id="6916902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916902" title="Cntl C">
Cntl C



</doc>
<doc id="6916903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916903" title="Chitcani">
Chitcani



</doc>
<doc id="6916907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916907" title="PLANETS">
PLANETS



</doc>
<doc id="6916909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916909" title="Cntl-C">
Cntl-C



</doc>
<doc id="6916910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916910" title="Hadise Açikgöz">
Hadise Açikgöz



</doc>
<doc id="6916913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916913" title="Ciocanari">
Ciocanari



</doc>
<doc id="6916919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916919" title="Ciocanesti">
Ciocanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916922" title="Manny Salvo">
Manny Salvo

Manuel Salvo (June 30, 1912 – February 7, 1997) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. The , right-hander played for the New York Giants (1939), Boston Bees / Braves (1940–43), and Philadelphia Phillies (1943). His nickname was "Gyp", short for "Gypsy".
A native of Sacramento, California, Salvo had his best season statistically in 1940 with the Bees. He won 10, lost 9, making it the only season of his career in which he finished with more wins than losses. He also shared the National League lead with 5 shutouts, and ranked eighth in the league with a 3.08 earned run average.
While Salvo had a poor win–loss record, his career Adjusted ERA+ was only slightly below average at 98. He only pitched for one winning team, the 1939 Giants, and at 77–74 they were barely over the .500 mark.
Salvo died at the age of 83 in Vallejo, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6916923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916923" title="Valley Miwok">
Valley Miwok



</doc>
<doc id="6916927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916927" title="Ciocarlia">
Ciocarlia



</doc>
<doc id="6916933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916933" title="Cireseni">
Cireseni



</doc>
<doc id="6916937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916937" title="Ciresoaia">
Ciresoaia



</doc>
<doc id="6916938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916938" title="Dansk Metal">
Dansk Metal



</doc>
<doc id="6916943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916943" title="Deforrest Most">
Deforrest Most

Deforrest "Moe" Most (April 23, 1917 – September 2, 2006) was a gymnast and the unofficial "ambassador" of Muscle Beach.
Biography.
Most was born in Echo Park, Los Angeles, California. His parents named him after the inventor Lee De Forest.
Tahiti and Samoa.
Inspired by what he had read in books about the South Seas, Most sailed to Tahiti in the early 1930s. He returned to California only because the steamship line on which he'd sailed was ending service to the island, and Most didn't want to lose the remaining fare on his round-trip ticket.
Most later succumbed to wanderlust again and traveled to the Samoan Islands, where he lived with the daughter of an island chieftain.
Most left the South Pacific a second time only because of the looming threat of World War II. He wasn't able to serve in the U.S. military because of an abnormality in his neck. Rather, he got a job on the bomber assembly line at the Douglas Aircraft Company.
Muscle Beach.
Most, a fitness enthusiast, began frequenting Muscle Beach in 1934 while still a student at Belmont High School. After his return from Samoa, Most again began frequenting Muscle Beach.
In 1947 Most was named director of Muscle Beach. He was in charge of equipment and activities, including staging the Mr. and Miss Muscle Beach contests and arranging other quirky contests staged on the beach that involved feats of strength or gymnastic skills.
Most served as director until 1958, when the city of Santa Monica, California shut down Muscle Beach. The weightlifters who had frequented the Santa Monica shore moved south to Venice, California, and established a new Muscle Beach at the Venice Boardwalk.
"There was a lot of prejudice involved," Most said in a 1999 interview of Santa Monica's decision to close down Muscle Beach. "People didn't like weightlifters and thought there was something wrong with them. Athletes were not accepted like they are today."
Over four decades later, Santa Monica restored gymnastics equipment at the site and redubbed it "Muscle Beach."
Feats of strength.
Most's physical strength, combined with an unerring sense of balance, made him a champion "understander" — the bottom person in a human pyramid.
In his most memorable stunt, the four-man pyramid, Most balanced on the torso of Harold Zinkin, the bodybuilder who won the first Mr. California title. Future exercise guru Jack LaLanne stands on Most's shoulders, and Gene Miller balances on LaLanne.
"Moe was one of the greatest athletes I've ever known. We did tricks that nobody else had ever done," LaLanne told the Los Angeles Times.
Most once anchored a three-man tower on which Roy Rogers climbed on top and without removing his cowboy boots.
Personal life.
Most was married three times. His third wife, Jackie, died in 1999. Most had two sons, Michael and Steven; Michael died in 2000.
Deforrest Most died of heart failure at UCLA Medical Center in Santa Monica, aged 89.

</doc>
<doc id="6916944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916944" title="Ciresu">
Ciresu



</doc>
<doc id="6916946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916946" title="Michael Conway Baker">
Michael Conway Baker

Michael Conway Baker (born March 13, 1937) is a Canadian composer and music educator of American birth. He became a naturalized Canadian citizen in 1970 and has lived more or less continuously in the Vancouver area since.
Life and career.
Baker was born in West Palm Beach, Florida. After self-teaching basic music theory as a child, Baker moved to Vancouver, British Columbia, in 1958 at which time he began formal piano studies. Subsequently, Baker studied music at the University of British Columbia where he was a pupil in music composition with teachers Jean Coulthard and Elliot Weisgarber. After graduating with a Bachelor of Music degree in 1966, he eventually pursued graduate studies at Western Washington University where he earned a Masters of Music in 1972.
Baker has composed numerous scores for film, television and has over 150 concert works to his credit for which he has received many awards. Included in his awards are three Genie Awards ("The Grey Fox" 1983 and "John and the Missus" 1987), one Juno Award for Classical Composition of the Year (Concerto For Piano and Chamber Orchestra, 1992) and an ACTRA Award for best score for a TV Series (David Suzuki's A Planet for the Taking). He has composed for the National Ballet of Canada, Fanfare to Expo '86 in Vancouver, many feature films and TV series including several episodes of Road to Avonlea. In 1997, Baker was awarded the Order of British Columbia. Michael Conway Baker was inducted into the British Columbia Entertainment Hall of Fame in November 2006 with a star on the sidewalk in Vancouver, British Columbia, just like his father, comedian Phil Baker, has on the sidewalk in Hollywood, California.
Within the Canadian music circles, he is somewhat well known for having composed Vancouver Variations, used as the theme music for the CBC Radio 2 morning request program "Here's to You". Internationally, his music is known for Dorothy Hamill's Ice Capades full length ice-ballet "Cinderella: Frozen in Time" which toured North America and China for 5 years. Besides that popular soundtrack album, he has seven albums entirely of his music as well as having works on many other CDs.
Michael Conway Baker spent seventeen years as an elementary school teacher and currently lives in North Vancouver. His wife Penny Anne Baker, manager and lyricist, passed in 2017.

</doc>
<doc id="6916949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916949" title="Cismea">
Cismea



</doc>
<doc id="6916959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916959" title="Ciuresti">
Ciuresti



</doc>
<doc id="6916962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916962" title="Tonsillar branch of the facial artery">
Tonsillar branch of the facial artery



</doc>
<doc id="6916964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916964" title="Ciurgau">
Ciurgau



</doc>
<doc id="6916965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916965" title="Consolidated Steel Corp.">
Consolidated Steel Corp.



</doc>
<doc id="6916971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916971" title="Wapiti River">
Wapiti River

The Wapiti River is a river in eastern British Columbia and western Alberta, Canada. It is a major tributary of the Smoky River, located in the southern area of the Peace River Basin.
Wapiti is named after the Cree word for elk ("waapiti").
Course.
Wapiti River originates as the outflow of "Tuck Lake", east of Wapiti Pass, in Wapiti Lake Provincial Park, east-central British Columbia, in the Canadian Rockies. It then runs in a north-eastern direction, crosses into Alberta, where it becomes more meandered as it continues through the County of Grande Prairie No. 1. It merges into the Smoky River east of Grande Prairie.
From west to east, Wapiti River flows through the alpine environment of the Rocky Mountains, the rolling foothills, then farmlands and aspen parkland in western Alberta. Wapiti Lake Provincial Park, Bear River Park, O'Brien Provincial Park and Pipestone Creek Park are protected areas along the river.
Close to its mouth, Wapiti has an average discharge of .

</doc>
<doc id="6916972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916972" title="Climesti">
Climesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916973" title="Carole Highlands">
Carole Highlands



</doc>
<doc id="6916977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916977" title="Closca">
Closca



</doc>
<doc id="6916978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916978" title="Sandbæk Report">
Sandbæk Report

The Sandbæk Report was a report authored by Ulla Sandbæk that after being passed by the European Parliament is now a European Union regulation titled Aid for Policies and Actions on Reproductive and Sexual Health and Rights in Developing Countries.
Anti-abortion groups and the Catholic Church claim that the report compels all European Union member states to fund overseas abortion services through their foreign aid budgets. They claim that the language of the report by talking of "universal access to a comprehensive range of safe and reliable reproductive and sexual health care and services" includes abortion under the World Health Organization definition, and that this was admitted by Ulla Sandbæk in a radio interview.
An amendment preventing the use of European Union aid to finance abortions was defeated. The increase in funding of 150% was contrasted to a 2.3% overall increase in the aid budget.
The policy was intended, in part, to replace some of the U.S. funding lost due to the Mexico City Policy, the U.S. policy under the George W. Bush administration which prohibited funding of abortion through foreign aid, particularly reversing the de-funding of the United Nations Population Fund. The European commissioner Poul Nielson said that the European Union wished to "fill the decency gap" left by the Mexico City policy.

</doc>
<doc id="6916979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916979" title="The Hebrew Prophets, nabiy'">
The Hebrew Prophets, nabiy'



</doc>
<doc id="6916981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916981" title="Cocosesti">
Cocosesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916984" title="Nant Conwy Rural District">
Nant Conwy Rural District

Nant Conwy was a rural district in the administrative county of Caernarfonshire from 1934 to 1974. The district was formed by a County Review Order, combining the areas of Geirionydd Rural District with most of Conwy Rural District and part of Ogwen Rural District. The name is derived from Nant Conwy, an historic cwmwd of the Kingdom of Gwynedd in the cantref of Arllechwedd.
The district contained the following civil parishes:
(1) Formerly in Conwy Rural District
(2) formerly in Geirionydd Rural District
(3) Formerly in Ogwen Rural District
From its creation in 1934 until 1972 the district's name was spelled "Nant Conway". The change to "Nant Conwy" took effect on 1 December 1972 after a vote by the council, following the example of the neighbouring town of Conwy which had changed the official spelling of its name in August 1972.
In 1974 the rural district was abolished, with its area becoming part of the Borough of Aberconwy, one of five districts of the new county of Gwynedd.

</doc>
<doc id="6916986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916986" title="Coat of arms of Nowy Sącz">
Coat of arms of Nowy Sącz

The coat of arms of Nowy Sącz in Poland shows Saint Margaret the Virgin, depicting the legend that she was swallowed by Satan, in the form of a dragon, who was however forced to spit her out again because the cross she was carrying irritated the dragon's innards. In Margaret's other hand is an olive branch, a symbol of peace.
The arms were officially adopted on 21 March 1938 but the device of Saint Margaret standing on the dragon was in use from the foundation of the city in 1292, as appears from the city seals.

</doc>
<doc id="6916989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916989" title="Colonesti">
Colonesti



</doc>
<doc id="6916990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916990" title="Tonsillar">
Tonsillar



</doc>
<doc id="6916993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916993" title="WQMU">
WQMU

WQMU is a hot adult contemporary radio station broadcast on 92.5 FM. It is owned and operated by Renda Media.
History.
WQMU signed on in August 1968 at 103.1 MHz. From the day of its first sign-on until January 1990, WQMU was mostly automated, with formats varying from beautiful music to album rock, with music delivered on 10-inch reel-to-reel tape. The WQMU call letters alluded to its position statement promising Quality MUsic'. The station did however, air a live morning show program for many of its years, hosted by Mike Cavanagh, who was with the station since its sign-on in 1968 until 2007.
In January 1990, WQMU began a relationship with the Transtar Radio Network (now Westwood One), first affiliating with the network's "Niche 29" format of classic rock and Top 40. The network later changed the name of the format to "Adult Rock 'n Roll", and the Transtar affiliation was later dropped in favor of another affiliation agreement with the Jones Satellite Network in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
The station moved to 92.5 after then owner RMS Media petitioned the FCC for an FM license north of Indiana at 103.3 FM in Brookville. In order for the new station to go on the air, WQMU would have to move its frequency, which took place in 1997.
WQMU was then marketed as "The Planet" and continue to play Adult Rock 'n Roll until 2000. That year, U-92.5 was born with a U2 tour tie in. Many changes were taking place in the business and airstaff positions, the biggest coming in 2004.
Renda Broadcasting had already acquired rival stations WCCS &amp; WLCY with plans of relocating them to a renovated building at 840 Philadelphia St., in downtown Indiana, PA. In 2004 RMS Media Management finalized the sale of both WQMU and WDAD to Renda.
In need of additional studio space to accommodate four radio stations (WDAD, WCCS, WLCY, WQMU), Renda Broadcasting acquired the former Gatti Pharmacy building at the corner of 9th and Philadelphia Streets in downtown Indiana, where the four stations and its business operations occupy the first and second floors.
WQMU is now marketed as U92.5, using a new logo designed to tie in closely with the changing mascot of IUP. The new location has 3 studios with ground level windows looking into the busy intersection at 9th and Philadelphia Streets. WQMU is slightly tucked into the building down 9th, but the studio is still visible from the sidewalk.
Sports.
Since 2006, WQMU has been the voice of IUP Crimson Hawk Sports with Sports Director Jack Benedict. Starting in 2007, WQMU became the home for Pittsburgh Penguins hockey. U92.5 FM is also the local affiliate station for the Pittsburgh Steelers Football Network.
Local Sports.
WQMU features Heritage Conference football games in the Fall and many basketball games in the Winter.

</doc>
<doc id="6916997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6916997" title="Coltesti">
Coltesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917000" title="Constantinesti">
Constantinesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917002" title="List of Fox Broadcasting Company affiliates (table)">
List of Fox Broadcasting Company affiliates (table)

The Fox Broadcasting Company is a television network based in the United States made up of 18 owned-and-operated stations and over 227 network affiliates.
Stations are listed in alphabetical order by city of license.
Affiliate stations.
Outside the U.S..
These channels use the Fox brand but do not necessarily air all of the same programming as the U.S. network:

</doc>
<doc id="6917004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917004" title="Juan José Pérez Hernández">
Juan José Pérez Hernández

Juan José Pérez Hernández (born Joan Perés c. 1725 – November 3, 1775), often simply Juan Pérez, was an 18th-century Spanish explorer. He was the first known European to sight, examine, name, and record the islands near present-day British Columbia, Canada. Born in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, he first served as a "piloto" in western Spanish colonial North America on Manila galleons en route to and from the Philippines in the Spanish East Indies. In 1768, he was assigned to the Pacific port of San Blas, in the Viceroyalty of New Spain (present day Mexico), and acquired the rank of ensign ("alférez").
1774 expedition.
Confident of their territorial claims, the Spanish Empire did not explore or settle the northwest coast of North America in the 250 years after being claimed for the crown by Vasco Núñez de Balboa. By the late 18th century; however, learning of Russian and British arrivals along the Pacific Northwest and Alaskan coasts, Spain finally grew sufficiently concerned about their claims to the region and set out to discover the extent of any colonial Russian and British encroachment.
In early 1774, the Viceroy of New Spain, Antonio María Bucareli y Ursúa, commanded Pérez to explore the Pacific coast with the objective of reaching 60° north latitude (about the latitude of present-day Cordova, Alaska) to discover possible Russian America and British settlements and to re-assert the long-standing Spanish claim to the Pacific Northwest. Rumors of Russian fur traders caused the Spanish to send the frigate "Santiago" north under the command of Pérez, with a crew mostly from New Spain. Pérez was given explicit instructions to treat all indigenous peoples with respect, and to establish friendly relations with any encountered.
In July 1774, he reached 54°40' north latitude, just off the northwestern tip of Langara Island, one of the islands of Haida Gwaii. There he had an interaction with a group of Haida natives, but he did not go ashore. Due to a lack of provisions and the poor health of his crew, Pérez turned south at this point despite the viceroy's orders to attain 60° north. He reached Nootka Sound on August 7, 1774 (at about 49.6° north latitude), part of today's Vancouver Island and had an extended set of interactions with the indigenous population, including the first trade of trade goods. Again, he did not go ashore, this time because of bad weather that almost ran his ship aground.
Pérez was accompanied by Fray Juan Crespí and his assistant Fray Tomas de la Pena Y Saravia. Pérez gave the name of "Cerro Nevado de Santa Rosalía" ("Snowy Peak of Saint Rosalia") to present day Mount Olympus in the U.S. state of Washington.
Pérez continued south to the Presidio of Monterey, Las Californias, which he reached on August 28, 1774. After a brief stay, he continued on to reach San Blas on November 5, 1774, thus completing his expedition.
1775 expedition.
In 1775, a second expedition under Bruno de Heceta and Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra was organized. Pérez participated as "piloto" of Heceta's ship, the "Santiago".
Pérez died on the return journey, on November 3, 1775, between Monterey, California and San Blas.
Legacy.
Juan Perez Sound, off the east coast of Moresby Island of Haida Gwaii, is named for him.

</doc>
<doc id="6917005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917005" title="The Music Man (2003 film)">
The Music Man (2003 film)

The Music Man is a 2003 American made-for-television musical film directed by Jeff Bleckner with a teleplay by Sally Robinson. It is based on the 1957 musical of the same name by Meredith Willson, which in turn was based on a story by Willson and Franklin Lacey. The film stars Matthew Broderick and Kristin Chenoweth and features David Aaron Baker, Debra Monk, Victor Garber, and Molly Shannon. It was originally broadcast on ABC on February 16, 2003, as the eleventh episode of the forty-seventh season of "The Wonderful World of Disney."
Plot.
The year is 1912. A con artist named Harold Hill arrives in River City, Iowa where he is greeted with sneers from its citizens. He meets up with his friend Marcellus Washburn, who warns him about the town librarian and moral watchdog, Marian Paroo. Hill asks Marcellus if there is any news in the city and Marcellus tells him that the town bought a pool table for the billiard hall. Hill takes advantage of this to warn parents that the pool table will bring havoc to their town.
Marian teaches a piano lesson to her student Amaryllis and argues with her mother about her stubbornness to get married. Marian's brother Winthrop is mocked by Amaryllis for having a lisp, though Amaryllis reveals to Marian that she has a crush on Winthrop. Marian and Amaryllis both vow to say goodnight to their "someones" until they find someone to love.
Later, during a town meeting, Hill steals the spotlight to advertise for his new boys' band in River City. After the meeting, Hill sends town hooligan Tommy Djilas on a date with Zaneeta Shinn, unaware that she is the mayor's daughter. When the town's school board asks for Hill's credentials, he distracts them by pointing out that they could be a singing quartet.
Hill reveals to Marcellus that, along with gathering money from the entire town, he plans to woo Marian. He visits the library and flirts with Marian, who shuts down all of his advances, though she secretly admires him. Hill, then, visits Mrs. Paroo and she signs Winthrop up to play cornet in the band.
The Wells Fargo Wagon arrives with the instruments, uniforms, and instruction booklets for the band. When Winthrop gets his cornet, Marian sees how happy he is and she destroys the evidence against Hill.
On the day of the Fourth of July picnic, anvil salesman Charlie Cowell arrives in River City to tell Mayor Shinn about Hill's lies but Marian distracts him by kissing him, causing him to miss his train. Marian realizes that Charlie's claims are most likely lies and agrees to meet Hill at the footbridge later that evening. Marian and Hill head to the bridge and she assures him that she will always love him, even if he leaves her to travel to another town. He leaves her to meet with Marcellus, who has collected the money for the uniforms and they make a plan to leave River City. Marian admits that she knew he was lying about his education and they depart happily, deeply in love with each other.
Mayor Shinn interrupts the picnic to let Charlie speak. He tells the citizens that they've been swindled by Hill and that he plans to leave the town. The crowd follows Shinn to track down Hill and Marcellus goes to Hill's hotel room to tell him to leave. Winthrop angrily tells Hill that he hates him, but Marian convinces him that Hill brought happiness to the town. Though the Paroos try to get Hill to leave, he admits that he can't leave Marian and he is captured. Hill is brought in to be tarred and feathered, but Tommy and Marcellus interrupt the meeting with a group of boys in band uniforms with instruments. Though they sound awful when they play, the parents are so proud of their children that they forget their anger and cheer the band on. Hill is set free and leads the crowd down the street in a parade, joined by Marian.
Song list.
Notes
Production.
Although "Variety" reported that Broderick's real life wife Sarah Jessica Parker was being considered for the role of Marian, it ultimately went to Kristin Chenoweth.
The film was shot in Burlington, Millbrook, Milton, Uxbridge, and Toronto in Ontario, Canada from April to July 2002.
Clyde Alves and Cameron Adams reprised their roles as Tommy Djillas and as Zaneeta Shinn, respectively from the 2000 Broadway revival.
Critical reception.
The film received mixed reviews. Most critics found it inferior to the original 1962 film version of the play, and Broderick's performance as Hill was generally compared unfavorably to Robert Preston's.
Edward Guthmann of the "San Francisco Chronicle" called it "passable entertainment" with "strong production values, excellent costumes and art direction, and a rich color palette that conjures cozy notions of small-town America in the early 20th century," but he felt it "never matches the 1962 film with its classic performance by the late Robert Preston. It was Preston ... who galvanized "The Music Man" with his vibrant, masculine authority ... Broderick, by comparison, is cute, wide-eyed, a bit squishy and about as dynamic and intimidating as Winnie the Pooh. His singing is adequate, his dancing heavy and forced. ... Meron and Zadan, who also produced the successful TV version of "Annie" in 1999 and the excellent "" in 2001, have developed a winning formula for quality television movies with bigger-than-usual budgets. "The Music Man", handsome but misbegotten, doesn't match their usual standard."
Writing for "The New York Times", Michele Willens noted, "In "The Music Man," Ms. Chenoweth finally gets a television part worthy of her talent," and she called the dances choreographed by Kathleen Marshall "inventive."
Awards and nominations.
The production was nominated for five Emmy Awards in the categories of Outstanding Choreography, Music Direction, Art Direction, Costumes, and Single Camera Sound Mixing for a Miniseries or a Movie.
Jeff Bleckner was nominated for the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Television Film but lost to Mike Nichols for "Angels in America".
DVD release.
Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment released the film in anamorphic widescreen format on Region 1 DVD on November 11, 2003. Bonus features include interviews with members of the cast and creative team.

</doc>
<doc id="6917007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917007" title="Contesti">
Contesti

Contesti may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917010" title="Copaceni">
Copaceni



</doc>
<doc id="6917014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917014" title="The Great John L.">
The Great John L.

The Great John L. is a 1945 American biographical drama film directed by Frank Tuttle and written by James Edward Grant. The film stars Linda Darnell, Barbara Britton, Greg McClure, Otto Kruger, Wallace Ford and George Mathews. The film was released on May 25, 1945, by United Artists.
Plot.
In 1880, when bareknuckle fighting is still condoned, John L. Sullivan chooses boxing over baseball and becomes known as "the Boston Strong Boy" after his victory over established prizefighter John Flood.
Sullivan's sweetheart, Kathy Harkness, refuses his marriage proposal, unhappy about how he has chosen to make a living. After he wins the heavyweight championship, Sullivan buys a tavern and begins drinking too much of his own product. He also meets New York singer Anne Livingston, marrying her on the rebound from Kathy and traveling the world, meeting British royalty while fighting abroad.
Sullivan's ego and alcoholism grow out of control. Anne realizes he still loves Kathy and leaves him, but Kathy still disapproves of his life. Sullivan is defeated by "Gentleman" Jim Corbett, loses the heavyweight crown and also loses his saloon, due to growing debts. Anne, too, becomes bankrupt as well as terminally ill. Sullivan vows to turn his life around, speaking on behalf of temperance unions as Kathy sees a glimmer of hope for their future.
Critical response.
"A curious mixture of excitement and tedious drama make up the picture "The Great John L", which arrived at the Globe on Saturday, a promising augury for the newly launched Bing Crosby Productions ... It is only after he loses to Corbett and his wife dies that “Honest John” marries his boyhood sweetheart and turns to the better life. But the process is overlong and occasionally boring."
"In his first independent production, Bing Crosby comes out with both fists swinging through a dramatization of the life of John L. Sullivan. When the pic is released, it should be a great day all around, for the Irish, as well as for the houses that run it. It’s straight boff from start to finish."

</doc>
<doc id="6917017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917017" title="Copacioasa">
Copacioasa



</doc>
<doc id="6917019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917019" title="The Great John L">
The Great John L



</doc>
<doc id="6917020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917020" title="Mid-Atlantic Rugby Football Union">
Mid-Atlantic Rugby Football Union

 #redirect Capital Geographical Union

</doc>
<doc id="6917021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917021" title="Corbesti">
Corbesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917024" title="Battle of Helgeån">
Battle of Helgeån



</doc>
<doc id="6917031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917031" title="Corlatesti">
Corlatesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917034" title="Cornatel">
Cornatel



</doc>
<doc id="6917037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917037" title="DR 66">
DR 66



</doc>
<doc id="6917040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917040" title="Cornesti">
Cornesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917045" title="European Metalworkers' Federation">
European Metalworkers' Federation

The European Metalworkers' Federation (EMF), founded in 1971, is a federation of 68 metalworkers' unions from 31 countries, representing a combined total of 6.5 million affiliates. It is based in Brussels, Belgium, the general secretary is Ulrich Eckelman and Bart Samyn is the Deputy General Secretary. The organisation was dissolved on 15 May 2012, to become a part - together with EMCEF and ETUF-TCL - of the newly created organisation "industriAll European Trade Union" on 16 May 2012
Aims &amp; Tasks.
One of the EMF's main aims is the deepening of the social dimension in the process of European integration. The EMF contributes to it by representing the economic and social interests of workers in the metal industry at European level.
The EMF advocates a social Europe characterised by democracy, freedom, social justice, and solidarity. It also defends and promotes the ability of the European social model to face up to future challenges. At the same time it supports Europe's political and economic integration, whilst bearing in mind the unions' traditions and roots in the culture of their own respective nation-states. The EMF's core tasks are:
To defend the trade union, social and political interests of the European metalworkers' unions vis-a-vis the European employers' organisations in the metal industry.
To coordinate and implement the initiatives and actions of the European metalworkers' unions at European level.
To serve its member organisations (affiliates) where European interests are involved.
To collaborate with the other federations affiliated to the European Trade Union Confederation (ETUC).
To represent the European interests of the metalworkers' unions at an international level.
Areas of work in short.
The main areas of work are: Collective Bargaining Policy, Industrial Policy, Company Policy and the Social Dialogue.
Collective Bargaining Policy includes the coordination of wage policy, the harmonisation of working time policy and the joint approach to training policy through collective agreement. The EMF also plays an active role in intersectoral negotiations at a European level.
Industrial Policy focuses on keeping and developing a strong manufacturing base in Europe and future employment interests of workers in the European metal industry. The EMF is helping to structure the changes in the metal industry brought about by globalisation and seeks to strike a balance between employment interests and competitiveness in its representation of its members' interests.
Company Policy focuses on all elements of workers' interests in a multinational company ranging from economic and industrial development, restructuring and reorganisation and working conditions. It covers information and consultation rights at European level (European Works Councils, EWC) as well as participation rights (Company Statute). At the same time the EMF supports the development of a negotiation role in multinational companies. The EMF company policy involves the European Works Councils, the workers' representatives on company boards, the national trade unions and the EMF EWC coordinators.
The Social Dialogue focuses on building lasting dialogue structures with European-level employers' and industry associations in the metal sector. The Social Dialogue is being developed at the metal sectoral level with the employers' organisation CEEMET as well as at the level of sub-sectors such as the shipbuilding and steel industries. Through the Social Dialogue the EMF seeks to develop common solutions to meet the challenges of global competition and industrial change affecting the metalworking sector across Europe. The EMF strives to improve the economic and social situation of workers by reconciling the legitimate social interests of workers and the need for competitive industries.
Tools.
The EMF seeks consensus and reconciliation of interests through information, consultation and negotiation.
The most important tools are:
Dialogue with and the submission of demands to European institutions such as the council, Parliament and the commission.
Dialogue and the proactive defence of workers' demands in the context of cooperation with European metal industry employers, industry federations and multinational companies. Initiating and coordinating cross-border European actions aimed at enforcing union demands in the European metal industry. The negotiation of positions and framework agreements on the basis of the EMF Statutes.
Information and guidance about developments at European level.
Statutes &amp; Work Programme.
The statutes of the European Metalworkers' Federation were adopted by the second EMF Congress that took place on 13–14 June 2003 in Prague.
The Statutes consist the following headlines:
I. Aim, Name, Admission, Object, Composition
II. Organs and decision making
III. Finances
Appendix I: List of EMF Affiliates
List of Associate members
Appendix II
Rules for EMF elections
Work Programme
The EMF Work Programme was adopted by the second Congress on 13–14 June 2003 in Prague.
The Work Programme contains the following headlines:
Introduction
Collective Bargaining
Industrial Policy
Automobile
Aerospace
Steel
Information and Communication Technologies
Shipbuilding
Defence
Lifts
Training and Education
Equal Opportunities
Company Policy
Social Dialogue
Enlargement
Infrastructure Needs
Training Needs
Congress.
The congress is the highest EMF statutory body and meets every four years. It is composed of 250 delegates and advisors from organisations affiliated to the EMF.
Congress takes decisions regarding elections, affiliations, financial issues, the Statutes, the basic policy guidelines and the work programme of the EMF.
The latest Congress took place on 13–14 June 2003 in Prague and the next Congress takes place in Lisbon on 6–7 June 2007.
Executive committee.
The executive committee is the decision-making body of the EMF in between Congresses. The executive committee consists of 65 members from 67 affiliated organisations in 30 countries and meets twice a year. It is chaired by EMF President Tony Janssen.
Steering Committee.
The Steering Committee was established in June 1999 as a body that shall advise and support the Secretaiat in the preparation and implementation of the executive committee decisions. It comprises the President, the vice-president and regional representatives from the seven EMF regions as established by the Statutes.
Secretariat.
The Secretariat implements the decsisons of the executive committee and prepares the meetings. It consists of 16 staff members and is led by the General Secretary.
Sector Committees.
Automotive.
The car sector and its related sub-sectors is a key player in European industry. High-tech performance and quality, environmental aspects and future oriented examples of flexibility lay the ground for a high level of employment. The EMF contributes to all issues related to industrial policy especially the future of the automotive industry in Europe and working conditions. Technological development and environmental needs are decisive elements with regard to transport policy.
ICT.
The ICT sector in Europe is facing a number of challenges, including mass redundancies in developed countries, skill shortages, outsourcing and off-shoring, structural mutation from hardware production towards software and services, and increasing pressure on salary levels and benefits. A trade union strategy has to address these challenges and seek to create conditions which allow a combination of competitiveness, flexibility and social cohesion for Europe.
Driven by globalisation, swift technological and process changes, global sourcing and stock market fluctuation, the ICT sector is constantly restructuring. We will have to focus on the effectiveness and the quality of change management in order to achieve higher competitiveness and better employment in Europe.
Non-ferrous metals.
The situation within the non-ferrous metals sector clearly indicates that steps have to be taken to protect this industry, its locations and employees in Europe and provide it with real prospects for sustainability and further development.
Steel.
The European Steel industry has undergone substantial changes due to the concentration process started in the mid-1990s, in parallel with the privatisation of the state owned steel companies and the globalisation of the steel market. This process has been given fresh impetus by the surge in demand for steel in China and the substantial increases in the price of all steel products during 2004. The EMF is convinced that there will be further concentration of production in the industry and that further company mergers will follow.
Ad hoc group mechanical engineering.
In 2005 the EMF has re-introduced a working structure for the engineering sector in order to develop policies for the sustainable development of the sector and guarantee a stable and highly skilled labour in Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="6917046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917046" title="Cositeni">
Cositeni



</doc>
<doc id="6917049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917049" title="Georgetown rugby football club">
Georgetown rugby football club



</doc>
<doc id="6917051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917051" title="ÖRF">
ÖRF



</doc>
<doc id="6917054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917054" title="Cosmesti">
Cosmesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917057" title="Thodoris Zagorakis">
Thodoris Zagorakis



</doc>
<doc id="6917059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917059" title="Georgetwon rugby">
Georgetwon rugby



</doc>
<doc id="6917063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917063" title="False catshark">
False catshark

The false catshark or sofa shark ("Pseudotriakis microdon") is a species of ground shark in the family Pseudotriakidae, and the sole member of its genus. It has a worldwide distribution, and has most commonly been recorded close to the bottom over continental and insular slopes, at depths of . Reaching in length, this heavy-bodied shark can be readily identified by its elongated, keel-like first dorsal fin. It has long, narrow eyes and a large mouth filled with numerous tiny teeth. It is usually dark brown in color, though a few are light gray.
With flabby muscles and a large oily liver, the false catshark is a slow-moving predator and scavenger of a variety of fishes and invertebrates. It has a viviparous mode of reproduction, featuring an unusual form of oophagy in which the developing embryos consume ova or egg fragments released by the mother and use the yolk material to replenish their external yolk sacs for later use. This species typically gives birth to two pups at a time. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the conservation status of the false catshark as Least-concern. While neither targeted by fisheries nor commercially valuable, it is caught incidentally by longlines and bottom trawls, and its low reproductive rate may render it susceptible to population depletion.
Taxonomy and phylogeny.
The false catshark was first described by Portuguese ichthyologist in the "Jornal do Sciências Mathemáticas, Physicas e Naturaes" in 1868. He based his account on a long adult male caught off Setubal, Portugal. Brito Capelo thought the specimen resembled a member of the genus "Triakis", except lacking a nictitating membrane (though it is now known that this species does in fact have this trait). Thus, he assigned it to the new genus "Pseudotriakis", from the Greek "pseudo" ("false"). At the time, "Triakis" was classified with the catsharks, hence "false catshark". The specific name "microdon" comes from the Greek "mikros" ("small") and "odontos" ("tooth"). Other common names for this species are dumb shark (from its Japanese name "oshizame") and keel-dorsal shark.
Pacific populations of the false catshark were once regarded as a separate species, "P. acrales". However, morphological comparisons have failed to find any consistent differences between "P. microdon" and "P. acrales", leading to the conclusion that there is only one species of false catshark. The closest relatives of the false catshark are the gollumsharks ("Gollum"). "Pseudotriakis" and "Gollum" share a number of morphological similarities. Phylogenetic analysis using protein-coding genes has found that the amount of genetic divergence between these taxa is less than that between some other shark species within the same genus. This result suggests that the many autapomorphies (unique traits) of the false catshark evolved relatively recently, and supports the grouping of "Pseudotriakis" and "Gollum" together in the family Pseudotriakidae.
Description.
Bulky and soft-bodied, the false catshark has a broad head with a short, rounded snout. The nostrils have large flaps of skin on their anterior rims. The narrow eyes are over twice as long as high, and are equipped with rudimentary nictitating membranes; behind the eyes are large spiracles. The huge mouth is arched and bears short furrows at the corners. There are over two hundred rows of tiny teeth in each jaw, arranged in straight lines in the upper jaw and diagonal lines in the lower jaw; each tooth has a pointed central cusp flanked by one or two smaller cusplets on either side. The five pairs of gill slits are fairly small.
The pectoral fins are small and rounded, with fin rays only near the base. The first dorsal fin is highly distinctive, being very long (roughly equal to the caudal fin) and low, resembling the keel of a ship; it originates over the pectoral fin rear tips and terminates over the pelvic fin origins. The second dorsal fin is larger than, and originates ahead of, the anal fin; both these fins are positioned very close to the caudal fin. The caudal fin has a long upper lobe with a ventral notch near the tip, and an indistinct lower lobe. The dermal denticles are shaped like arrowheads with a central ridge, and are sparsely distributed on the skin. This species is typically plain dark brown in color, darkening at the fin margins. However, a few individuals are instead light gray with irregular darker mottling made from fine dots. The false catshark grows up to long and in weight.
Distribution and habitat.
Though rarely encountered, the false catshark has been caught from locations scattered around the world, indicating a wide circumglobal distribution. In the western Atlantic, it has been reported from Canada, the United States, Cuba, and Brazil. In the eastern Atlantic, it is known from the waters of Iceland, France, Portugal, and Senegal, as well as the islands of Madeira, the Azores, the Canaries, and Cape Verde. Records from the Indian Ocean have come from off Madagascar, the Aldabra Group, Mauritius, Indonesia, and Australia. In the Pacific Ocean, it has been documented from Japan, Taiwan, Indonesia, the Coral Sea, New Zealand, and the Hawaiian Islands.
Inhabiting continental and insular slopes, the false catshark mostly occurs between the depths of , though it has been recorded as deep as . Individuals occasionally wander into relatively shallower waters over the continental shelf, perhaps following submarine canyons or suffering from an abnormal condition. The false catshark generally swims close to the sea floor and has been found at seamounts, troughs, and deepwater reefs.
Biology and ecology.
The soft fins, skin, and musculature of the false catshark suggest a sluggish lifestyle. An enormous oil-filled liver makes up 18–25% of its total weight, allowing it to maintain near-neutral buoyancy and hover off the bottom with little effort. This species likely captures prey via quick bursts of speed, with its large mouth allowing it to consume food of considerable size. It feeds mainly on bony fishes such as cutthroat eels, grenadiers, and snake mackerel, and also takes lanternsharks, squids, octopodes, and "Heterocarpus" shrimp. It likely also scavenges, as examination of stomach contents have found surface-dwelling fishes such as frigate mackerel, needlefishes, and pufferfishes. One specimen caught off the Canary Islands had swallowed human garbage, including potatoes, a pear, a plastic bag, and a soft drink can. There is a record of a false catshark found with bite marks from a great white shark ("Carcharodon carcharias").
Unusual among the ground sharks, the false catshark is viviparous with the developing embryos practicing intrauterine oophagy. Adult females have a single functional ovary, on the right, and two functional uteruses. A female long was found to contain an estimated 20,000 ova in her ovary, averaging across. During gestation, the developing embryos are initially nourished by yolk, and later transition to feeding on ova or egg fragments ovulated by the mother. Excess egg material ingested by the embryo is stored within its external yolk sac; when close to birth, the embryo then transfers the yolk from the external yolk sac into an internal yolk sac to serve as a post-birth food reserve. The typical litter size is two pups, one per uterus, though litters of four may be possible. The gestation period is probably longer than one year, possibly lasting two or three years. Newborns measure long. Males and females probably mature sexually at around and long respectively.
Human interactions.
The false catshark is an infrequent bycatch of longlines and bottom trawls. It has minimal economic value, though its meat, fins, and liver oil may be utilized. In Okinawa, its oil is traditionally used to seal the hulls of wooden fishing boats. Like other deepwater sharks, this species is thought to be highly susceptible to overfishing due to its slow reproductive rate. However, it is rarely caught and there is no information available on its population. Therefore, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed it as Least Concern. In June 2018 the New Zealand Department of Conservation classified the false catshark as "Data Deficient" with the qualifier "Secure Overseas" under the New Zealand Threat Classification System.

</doc>
<doc id="6917064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917064" title="Cotargaci">
Cotargaci



</doc>
<doc id="6917065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917065" title="Robo Sexual">
Robo Sexual



</doc>
<doc id="6917069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917069" title="Cozmesti">
Cozmesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917071" title="Mućkalica">
Mućkalica

Mućkalica () is a Serbian dish, a stew made of barbecued meat and vegetables. Its name is derived from "mućkati", meaning 'to shake, stir, or mix'.
Meat from different animals, as well as various cuts from the same type of animal, are used to make a mućkalica. What a cocktail is for beverages, mućkalica is for barbecue. There are various regional styles of mućkalicas, such as Leskovačka mućkalica, the most popular, and Toplička mućkalica. It is usually made from cold, leftover barbecued meat, which is stewed with various other ingredients.

</doc>
<doc id="6917073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917073" title="Georgetown U Rugby">
Georgetown U Rugby



</doc>
<doc id="6917075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917075" title="Cristesti">
Cristesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917076" title="Pseudotriakidae">
Pseudotriakidae

The Pseudotriakidae are a small family of ground sharks, belonging to the order Carcharhiniformes, containing the false catsharks (genera "Pseudotriakis" and "Planonasus") and gollumsharks (genus "Gollum"). It contains the only ground shark species that exhibit intrauterine oophagy, in which developing fetuses are nourished by eggs produced by their mother.
Genera.
The Pseudotriakidae contains the following genera:
Undescribed species.
One undescribed species is known - one in the genus "Gollum", ("Gollum" sp. B) - the white-marked gollumshark.

</doc>
<doc id="6917079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917079" title="Hoyas Rugby">
Hoyas Rugby



</doc>
<doc id="6917080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917080" title="Crivatu">
Crivatu



</doc>
<doc id="6917083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917083" title="Crivesti">
Crivesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917086" title="GU Rugby">
GU Rugby



</doc>
<doc id="6917090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917090" title="The She-bear">
The She-bear

"The She-bear" is an Italian literary fairy tale, written by Giambattista Basile in his 1634 work, the "Pentamerone".
Ruth Manning-Sanders included it in "A Book of Princes and Princesses".
It is Aarne-Thompson classification system folktale type 510B, unnatural love. Others of this type include "Cap O' Rushes", "Catskin", "Allerleirauh", "The King who Wished to Marry His Daughter", "Donkeyskin", "Little Cat Skin", "Mossycoat", "The Princess That Wore A Rabbit-Skin Dress", and "The Bear".
Henriette-Julie de Murat used a similar transformation in "Bearskin", for the heroine to escape not her father but an ogre husband.
Synopsis.
A dying queen required her husband to promise to remarry only if the new bride was as beautiful as she was. Because he had only a daughter, soon after her death, he decided to remarry. He holds a contest and summons women from different countries but he does not want to choose any of them as his wife. After long inspection of many women, he realized that his daughter Preziosa was in fact as beautiful as her mother, and no other woman was. Preziosa took to her chambers in despair. An old woman gave her a chip of wood, which, when she put in her mouth, would change her into a bear. When her father summoned her to ask his councilors whether he could marry her, she used it.
When in the woods, she met with a prince and came up to him. Her gentleness astounded him, and he took her home. One day, wishing to comb her hair, she pulled out the wood. The prince saw her and fell sick from love. In his raving, he spoke of the bear, and his mother thought she had hurt him, so she ordered her killed. The servants, taken with her gentleness, brought her to the woods instead.
Discovering this, the prince got up long enough to catch the bear again, but when his pleas to her did not make her become human again, he took ill again. His mother asked what he needed, and he had the bear brought to his room to act as his servant. She did all that was needed, which only made the prince more in love with her and sicker. He begged for a kiss, and she kissed him; at this, the wood came out of her mouth, and he caught her. She begged him not to hurt her honor. He married her with his mother giving them her blessing.
Variants.
Ruth Manning-Sanders altered the tale so that, as in "Catskin", the heroine fled a threatened marriage to another suitor—unwanted and far too old for her, but not her father.

</doc>
<doc id="6917091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917091" title="Fernando Derveld">
Fernando Derveld

Fernando Albert Derveld (born 22 October 1976) is a Dutch retired footballer. He played as left back.
Club career.
Derveld began his career in his home country the Netherlands, playing for the youth teams of Walcheren and PSV, before he made his senior debut with Willem II in the 1995-96 season. After three seasons at Willem II, he moved on to Haarlem, where he stayed for one and a half years. He had a trial with English club Norwich City in early 2000, though the then City manager Bruce Rioch declined to offer him a contract. Rioch's successor at Norwich - Bryan Hamilton - did give him a contract when he took over towards the end of the 1999-00 season.
In total, Derveld played 25 games for Norwich, scoring one goal in a 3-2 win at West Bromwich Albion. He struggled to find form and was not held in high esteem by City supporters. When Hamilton left the club in late 2000, his successor - Nigel Worthington - made it clear that Derveld did not figure in his plans, and after a loan spell at West Bromwich Albion, his contract with Norwich was terminated in the summer of 2001.
He moved on to play for OB in the Danish Superliga, under head coach Troels Bech. While playing in a UEFA Cup match for OB against Celta Vigo in 2002, Derveld scored from a free-kick and was then sent off moments later. Derveld was ever-present in the Odense starting formation, and in the summer 2005, he moved back to the Netherlands to play for Heerenveen. Following a mediocre season at Heerenveen, he returned to Denmark, where he re-united with Bech at Esbjerg. Summer 2008 Derveld and Esbjerg fB agreed to cancel the player contract.
In the summer of 2008, he moved to Dordrecht, but he was already released by the club in November that year.
Derveld as a painter.
Fernando has painted a few paintings. A couple of paintings were painted for a charity auction in Esbjerg in 2006.
Honours.
OB

</doc>
<doc id="6917093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917093" title="Declamatio">
Declamatio



</doc>
<doc id="6917094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917094" title="Pseudotriakis microdon">
Pseudotriakis microdon



</doc>
<doc id="6917097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917097" title="Cucueti">
Cucueti



</doc>
<doc id="6917099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917099" title="Juan Josef Pérez Hernández">
Juan Josef Pérez Hernández



</doc>
<doc id="6917102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917102" title="Cucuieti">
Cucuieti



</doc>
<doc id="6917103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917103" title="USS Robert H. McCard">
USS Robert H. McCard

USS "Robert H. McCard" (DD-822) was a of the United States Navy, named for United States Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant Robert H. McCard (1918–1944), who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for conspicuous gallantry during the Battle of Saipan.
Construction.
"Robert H. McCard" was laid down by Consolidated Steel Corporation, Orange, Texas, on 20 June 1945; launched on 9 November 1945; sponsored by Mrs. Robert H. McCard; and commissioned on 23 October 1946.
Service history.
1946–1958.
Following shakedown off Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, "Robert H. McCard" joined Destroyer Squadron 10 (Desron 10) and was homeported in Newport, Rhode Island. She operated out of Newport until 1955 on the standard employment schedule for destroyers in the Atlantic Fleet. "McCard" was a unit of the 6th Fleet on eight tours of duty in the Mediterranean and also participated in two midshipman cruises, visiting Caribbean, Canadian, Belgian, and Portuguese ports. Between deployments, the ship had four overhauls in the Boston Naval Shipyard, each being followed by a refresher training period under the supervision of the Fleet Training Group, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
In December 1955, "Robert H. McCard" became a unit of Destroyer Squadron 4, with her homeport in Norfolk, Virginia. Making a ninth and tenth tour of duty with the 6th Fleet, she operated as a unit of the Middle East Force in the Persian Gulf for a month during the ninth tour. Following plane guard duties and type training exercises off the Atlantic Coast, "McCard" participated in a midshipman cruise in June and July 1958, calling at Portuguese, Danish and Belgian ports.
1959–1966.
Returning to type training exercises, an Atlantic Fleet exercise in the Caribbean, Fleet Sonar School duty, and an overhaul, "Robert H. McCard"s homeport was then changed to Naval Station Charleston, South Carolina. She operated out of Charleston until departing on 6 September 1960 for a NATO exercise, followed by other exercises. From 29 January 1961 to 3 February, she participated in recovery operations for Project Mercury, then departed Charleston on 8 March to join the 6th Fleet. In July she proceeded through the Suez Canal and reported to Commander, Middle East Force, for a six-week patrol of the Red Sea and Persian Gulf area. She returned to Charleston via the Mediterranean on 4 October.
Following plane guard duties and type training exercises, "Robert H. McCard" underwent Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM I) overhaul at Boston. Under FRAM I, "McCard" was completely torn down and rebuilt from the hull up, including new engines, a much larger combat information center, and a new sonar and radar systems. The 21-inch torpedo tubes between the funnels were removed, and an 8-round ASROC launcher placed there instead. All 3-inch/50 cal gun mounts, 40mm and 20mm gun mounts were removed, and the after superstructure was used for a hangar and flight deck for the QH-50 Drone Antisubmarine Helicopter (DASH). All depth charge systems were also removed and two new triple Mark 32 torpedo tubes for the 12.75-inch Mk44 torpedo were also placed just behind the rear funnel. This modernization was designed to extend the life of the destroyer by at least eight years.
For 13 days, beginning on 14 October 1962, she was part of the Cuban Missile blockade. Returning to Charleston on 3 January 1963, for refresher training during which she searched for the hijacked Venezuelan ship "Anzoategui", the destroyer then served for two weeks as school ship for the Fleet Sonar School. She next participated in a joint Canadian-United States exercise. "McCard" was deployed with the 6th Fleet from 13 October 1963 to 5 March 1964 and deployed again on 5 January 1965. In February and March she operated under the Middle East Force, returning to Charleston via the Mediterranean on 7 June.
Following further operations off the Atlantic Coast and an overhaul period, "Robert H. McCard" underwent refresher training off Guantanamo Bay then conducted two midshipman cruises, the latter taking her to Wilhelmshaven, Germany. From 29 September 1966 to 31 January 1967, "McCard" was deployed to the 6th Fleet.
1967–1972.
Operating in the western Atlantic, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Caribbean until 5 November, "Robert H. McCard" then transited the Panama Canal and joined the Pacific Fleet. At the end of 1967, she was serving on "Yankee Station" in the Gulf of Tonkin. In January and February 1968, she was on plane guard duty for in the Tonkin Gulf, participating in an emergency search and rescue mission on the east coast of Hainan Island. In March she served as plane guard for and in the Tonkin Gulf. In April she provided naval gunfire support off South Vietnam, and on 10 May she departed Japan for return to the east coast of the United States and reassignment back to the Atlantic Fleet with a homeport at Naval Station Charleston, South Carolina.
Operating in NATO exercise "Silvertower" in the North Atlantic in September and October 1968, "Robert H. McCard" then put into port at Southampton. Following overhaul at Charleston from December to April 1969, she operated off the Atlantic Coast and in the Caribbean until deploying to the Mediterranean in September. She returned to Charleston from her six months with the 6th Fleet on 28 March 1970, and remained with the Atlantic Fleet for the duration of 1970 and four months of 1971. On 15 April 1971, she sailed eastward from Charleston for another six months' service in the Mediterranean, returning on 16 October. She stayed in Charleston for the remainder of 1971 and spent the first eight months of 1972 engaged in Atlantic and Caribbean operations.
"Robert H. McCard" entered NAVSTA Charleston on 6 September 1972 for a six-month overhaul, at the completion of which she returned to normal operations in the western Atlantic and Caribbean.
1973–1980.
Transferred to Naval Surface Reserve Force (NAVSURFRESFOR), "Robert H. McCard" shifted its homeport to Tampa, Florida, where it served as a Naval Reserve training ship berthed adjacent to Naval Reserve Center Tampa. In this capacity, "McCard" had a crew of approximately 2/3 active duty Regular Navy and full-time active duty Training and Administration of the Reserve (TAR) officers, chiefs and enlisted sailors, and 1/3 part-time Selected Reserve (SELRES) personnel. For the next seven years, "McCard" would conduct weekday training and upkeep pierside, followed by weekend underway periods in the Gulf of Mexico and annual extended duration training and operational support cruises in the Gulf of Mexico, the Caribbean and the Western Atlantic.
TCG "Kılıç Ali Paşa" (D349).
"Robert H. McCard" was decommissioned on 5 June 1980 at Tampa, Florida and transferred to the Republic of Turkey through the Security Assistance Program (SAP) that same day. She served with the Turkish Navy as TCG "Kılıç Ali Paşa" (D349), named after Kılıç Ali Paşa, an Italian-born grand admiral of the Ottoman Navy (1571–87). Removed from service in 1998, the ship was scrapped in 2000 at Aliağa, Turkey.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6917105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917105" title="Cuiesd">
Cuiesd



</doc>
<doc id="6917109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917109" title="Curaturi">
Curaturi



</doc>
<doc id="6917110" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917110" title="Asem">
Asem

Asem (also spelled Aasem, Assem, Asim, Aasim, Assim "") is a male given name of Arabic origin, which means "savior, protector, guardian, defender." Asem is also a female given name of Kazakh origin, which means "beauty, beautiful, refined, graceful, elegant, excellent, splendid, magnificent." It is not related to the Indian given name Asim.

</doc>
<doc id="6917111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917111" title="Curmatura">
Curmatura



</doc>
<doc id="6917112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917112" title="Akhalkalak">
Akhalkalak



</doc>
<doc id="6917115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917115" title="Georgia Local Election, 2006">
Georgia Local Election, 2006



</doc>
<doc id="6917117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917117" title="The Mall at Greece Ridge Center">
The Mall at Greece Ridge Center



</doc>
<doc id="6917119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917119" title="Dadesti">
Dadesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917120" title="Futurama (TV series - season 1)">
Futurama (TV series - season 1)



</doc>
<doc id="6917123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917123" title="Shady Side Academy">
Shady Side Academy

Shady Side Academy is an independent preparatory school in Fox Chapel, Pennsylvania in Greater Pittsburgh. Founded in 1883 as an all-male night school in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, the academy now offers a secular coeducational PK–12 program on four campuses in the city and its suburbs, including a boarding program in the Croft and Morewood Houses of its Senior School Campus.
Formed to provide for the education of the sons of newly moneyed industrialists of Pittsburgh's East End, the academy counts the Frick and Mellon families among its early patrons. In 1922 the academy expanded to its sprawling Georgian Senior School campus in the then-countryside of Fox Chapel under the influence of the Country Day School movement. The academy merged with the Arnold School in 1940 to form its Junior School campus and added its stone Tudor manor-style Middle School campus in 1958, emerging in its current three-school system. The academy admitted its first female students in 1973.
Shady Side Academy enrolls approximately one thousand students annually and is a member of the National Association of Independent Schools and the Association of Boarding Schools. The school is a member of the Chewonki Foundation's Maine Coast Semester at Chewonki in Wiscasset, Maine, CITYterm at the Masters' School, and the High Mountain Institute's HMI Semester in Leadville, Colorado, and sends a significant number of students to both programs annually.
History.
Shady Side Academy was founded as an all-male day school in 1883, on Aiken Avenue in the East End neighborhood of Shadyside, Pittsburgh. In 1922, the Senior School was established on its current suburban campus in Fox Chapel. This move also resulted in Shady Side becoming a boarding school, first with a traditional seven-day program and, later, with the school's weekday program.
A later merger in the early 1940s with another local boys' private school, The Arnold School, resulted in the creation of another new campus: a Junior School, located in Pittsburgh's Point Breeze and serving Pre-kindergarten through fifth grade students.
In the 1950s, the academy purchased an estate less than a mile from the Senior School campus, creating a middle school for grades six through eight.
In 1973, the Senior School embraced the concept of co-education. It began admitting female students (popularly referred to, particularly in newspapers, as "The Shady Ladies") for the first time. The Junior and Middle Schools followed suit in the 1990s, with the first K-12 "Lifer" female students graduating in 2007. The last all-male class at the academy was the Middle School Form II (eighth grade) class of 1998, which became co-educated upon entering the Senior School in 1999. It was also the last class at the Middle School to follow a tie and jacket dress code.
Opening in the fall of 2007, Shady Side added a pre-kindergarten located on the Junior School campus. The total enrollment across all grades fluctuates but is generally about 1000 students, with about 500 of them enrolled in the Senior School (grades 9-12 or "Forms" III-VI).
In recent years, the school has worked to implement "green," or environmentally friendly, changes to its campuses. The 2006 renovation of Rowe Hall, the main academic building, uses several "green" concepts. The $6.8 million renovation of this primary Senior School facility emphasized environmentally friendly approaches, from glass that allows more light into classrooms (allowing the building to maintain lower electricity usage levels) to rainwater collected in an underground cistern, then used to flush toilets and urinals. In the fall of 2007, the Rowe Hall Complex earned Gold LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Certification, becoming the only high school in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to have done so.
The McIlroy Center for Science and Innovation opened in 2018 as the new home of the Senior School Science Department. The building's construction was made possible by the fundraising efforts of The Campaign for Shady Side. The Mcllroy Center is a Gold LEED-certified "green" building with sustainable features that reduce environmental impact while creating teaching opportunities, such as a rooftop solar array and monitoring system and a rain garden to collect storm runoff. The Glimcher Tech &amp; Design Hub, a dynamic facility dedicated to innovation, creativity, technology, and design, opened at the Senior School in September 2019. The 12,000-square-foot space includes three primary areas: a Fabrication and Robotics Wing, a Computer Science Wing, and a café. The facility is on the lower levels of Rowe and Memorial Halls, in the space formerly occupied by the Science Department, before moving to the new McIlroy Center for Science &amp; Innovation in 2018.
Admissions.
Financial aid.
In 2013, over $2.8 million in need-based financial aid was distributed to 159 students. In 2019, Shady Side received the second-largest gift in its 136-year history, a $5.2 million gift to the financial aid endowment.
Curriculum.
Academic life at Shady Side Academy operates on a trimester system, dividing the year into three thirteen to fourteen-week terms. Classes begin each year before Labor Day with Convocation in late August and finish with Commencement exercises in early June. The Second Term begins in late November, and Third Term begins in early April. At the Senior School, regular classes begin each day at 8:15 a.m. and end at 3:00 p.m., punctuated by a late-morning assembly period. All-school assemblies occur every Monday and Friday in the Hillman Center's Rauh Theater. Every Wednesday, students meet with their advisory groups. The academic day is divided into six periods filled with at least five classes, a lunch period, and intermittent free periods. Athletic practices follow the school day from 3:45 p.m. to late afternoon. An eight-day rotating schedule determines class periods.
Each term, students enroll in a minimum of five classes, both year-long courses and one-term electives, taught by seven academic departments—Arts, Computer Science, English, History, Mathematics, Science, and World Languages. Many departments, particularly the English and History Departments, make extensive use of the Harkness table, as most rooms in Rowe have large, oval tables. This teaching style is similar to the Socratic method. Students receive midterm grade reports during the year's first term and subsequently after each term, followed by a cumulative grade report at the end of the year. The grade for each class has three parts—a letter grade, an effort grade, and a paragraph of written remarks. The quality grade, assigned on the A+ (4.3333) to F (0.0) scale, is used to calculate the student's GPA. Effort grades for each class consist of a number from 5, indicating "exemplary effort," to 1, indicating "unacceptable effort." Effort grades of 2—"inconsistent effort"— or below result in a student's placement on Academic Warning and likely an interim report to the student's parents. The academy uses the student's GPA and effort grades each term and at the end of the year to award academic Year and Term Honors, ranging from "Honors" (B+ average) to "Highest Honors" (A average), as well as other school and departmental prizes. Established in 1929, Shady Side Academy's chapter of the Cum Laude Society elects members from the top fifth of the graduating class based on academic performance in the junior year and the first two terms of the senior year.
Boarding program and residential life.
Boarding at Shady Side Academy dates back to the school's relocation from the Shadyside neighborhood in the 1920s. The number of boarding students living on campus and the number of buildings serving as dormitories has fluctuated over the academy's history. Four buildings on the Senior School campus—Bayard House (1924), Croft House (1931), Ellsworth House (1922) (now Hunt Hall), and Morewood House (1922)—all served as residence halls at one point in the school's history. The names of Bayard, Morewood, and Ellsworth Houses reference three out of the four streets encircling the site of the academy's original campus, now the site of the Winchester Thurston School. At one time, nearly 200 students, both Senior and Middle School students, boarded full-time in a seven-day boarding program. In the 1960s, the academy transitioned to housing Senior School students in a five-day boarding program, one of six schools nationwide to offer such a program to its students. Because students spend weekends at home, boarders almost always came from the three-state area of eastern Ohio, western Pennsylvania, and northern West Virginia. In the fall of 2014, the academy announced it would start offering a seven-day boarding option beginning in 2015, in addition to its current five-day boarding program. Shady Side's boarding program now hosts approximately fifty students every year in two residence halls—Croft House, the boys' dormitory, and Morewood House, the girls' dormitory. The academy also houses residential faculty representing almost every academic department, both in apartments in the dormitories and homes on the Senior and Middle School campuses.
Extracurricular activities.
Student-run clubs at Shady Side exist as collaborations between students and a sponsoring faculty member. Numerous language clubs exist in collaboration with language programs offered by the World Languages Department, such as the German, Spanish, and French clubs, and for languages not taught at Shady Side, such as the Italian Club. Nationality clubs, such as the Jewish Student Union and Black Student Union, celebrate various global cultures and often present performances during the academy's annual GlobalFest week. There are also many established service and philanthropic clubs, such as Service Learning and Meals on Wheels. There are also religious clubs, activist clubs, academic competition teams, student government organizations, performance groups, departmental programs such as the peer-tutoring Scribe Office for writing, and publications.
Academic.
Shady Side participates in Model United Nations conferences, National Academic Quiz Tournaments and other quiz bowl competitions, the Western Pennsylvania Math League, Science Olympiad, North American Computational Linguistics Open competition, National Science Bowl, and forensics competitions, principally in the National Speech and Debate Association.
The Pittsburgh Japanese School (ピッツバーグ日本語補習授業校 "Pittsubāgu Nihongo Hoshū Jugyō Kō"), a weekend supplementary Japanese school, uses the middle school facilities of Shady Side Academy. The school, established in 1993, originated from a group of parents starting a Japanese class system in 1977.
Arts, theater, and music.
Since 2003, Shady Side has sponsored a benefit concert called "Untucked"—an homage to the school dress code, which, before 2004, required all shirts to be tucked in. Members of the Untucked Committee include students selected annually from a competitive applicant pool and a faculty member. Recent bands to appear at Untucked include Rusted Root, The Clarks, Robert Randolph and the Family Band, Better than Ezra and Sister Hazel. Untucked is usually held at the end of the year in the Roy McKnight Hockey Center and includes food and carnival games.
Shady Side Academy's main theater, the 650-seat Richard E. Rauh Theater, is named after the local teacher, actor, and arts patron Richard Rauh. It resides in the newly constructed Hillman Center for Performing Arts on the Senior School campus.
Athletics.
Mascot.
Shady Side Academy's athletic teams formerly competed as the Indians. Once known simply as the Blue &amp; Gold, the Indians name replaced the original in the 1940s. Attempts to change the mascot due to conflict over the propriety of Native American images as athletic mascots, were long thwarted by various alumni, who argued for the academy's unique claim to its use, owing to Chief Guyasuta's historical encampment on the land now occupied by the Senior School. As of July 1, 2020, the board of trustees voted unanimously to retire the mascot and cease using Indians as a team name. Later that year, the board announced that the Bulldogs would be the new team name and mascot.
History.
Athletic activity and physical education at the academy originate in the school's 1885 relocation within Shadyside from its original one-room schoolhouse on Aiken Avenue to a more spacious physical plant on Ellsworth Avenue, which included the addition of athletic playing fields and a gymnasium. The academy's early athletic program was organized to promote the ideals of its day, particularly amateurism in sport and the spirit of Muscular Christianity. Team sports, initially informal organizations of students and occasionally faculty, became increasingly structured as the academy developed athletic links and interscholastic competitions with nearby public and private secondary schools and, occasionally, colleges such as Washington &amp; Jefferson College and what is now Duquesne University. To further formalize interscholastic competition, in 1907, the academy collaborated with Fifth Avenue High School, Allegheny Prep, and Pittsburgh Central High School to found the Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League (WPIAL), which served to establish "a set of eligibility rules and regulations to ensure a level playing field for interscholastic athletic competition among the schools in western Pennsylvania."
The academy maintained its WPIAL association until 1924, when it withdrew its membership and collaborated with the University School of Cleveland, Ohio and Nichols School of Buffalo, New York to found the Tri-State Preparatory League. This league later added the Cranbrook School in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, Western Reserve Academy in Hudson, Ohio, The Kiski School in Saltsburg, Pennsylvania, and the Linsly School in Wheeling, West Virginia, and in the mid-1930s began calling itself the Inter-State Preparatory League (IPSL). After seventy years of competition for the annual "Championship Cup," Shady Side Academy withdrew from the "crumbling" IPSL in 1993.
Affiliations.
Since 1994 the academy has been a member of the WPIAL, which contains hundreds of other public and private secondary schools in western Pennsylvania and serves as District 7 of the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association (PIAA), a state-level athletic governing body. Although most teams now compete at the varsity level in the WPIAL and PIAA, a minority of programs maintain prep-level affiliations in smaller sport-specific Prep Leagues consisting of other regional independent schools. The boys' prep hockey team served in 1990 as a founding member of the Midwest Prep Hockey League, in which it competes at the Division I level. It also occasionally plays semi-professional hockey clubs in Germany and Italy, including ESV Kaufbeuren, SV Kaltern, and EV Landsberg. The girls hockey team also competes at the prep level in the Women's Interscholastic Hockey League of the Mid-Atlantic. The boys and girls squash teams, members of the Pittsburgh Squash Racquet Association, are also prep-level teams composed of top-rated junior players.
Campuses.
Shady Side Academy has four campuses in Pittsburgh with almost , predominantly in heavily wooded Fox Chapel. Shady Side Academy operates twenty-six campus buildings with a total estimated facilities value of $56.2 million.

</doc>
<doc id="6917125" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917125" title="Dalma">
Dalma

Dalma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917129" title="Dambu">
Dambu



</doc>
<doc id="6917134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917134" title="Danesti">
Danesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917136" title="1736 English cricket season">
1736 English cricket season



</doc>
<doc id="6917139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917139" title="Band diagram">
Band diagram

In solid-state physics of semiconductors, a band diagram is a diagram plotting various key electron energy levels (Fermi level and nearby energy band edges) as a function of some spatial dimension, which is often denoted "x". These diagrams help to explain the operation of many kinds of semiconductor devices and to visualize how bands change with position (band bending). The bands may be coloured to distinguish level filling.
A band diagram should not be confused with a band structure plot. In both a band diagram and a band structure plot, the vertical axis corresponds to the energy of an electron. The difference is that in a band structure plot the horizontal axis represents the wave vector of an electron in an infinitely large, homogeneous material (usually a crystal), whereas in a band diagram the horizontal axis represents position in space, usually passing through multiple materials.
Because a band diagram shows the "changes" in the band structure from place to place, the resolution of a band diagram is limited by the Heisenberg uncertainty principle: the band structure relies on momentum, which is only precisely defined for large length scales. For this reason, the band diagram can only accurately depict evolution of band structures over long length scales, and has difficulty in showing the microscopic picture of sharp, atomic scale interfaces between different materials (or between a material and vacuum). Typically, an interface must be depicted as a "black box", though its long-distance effects can be shown in the band diagram as asymptotic band bending.
Anatomy.
The vertical axis of the band diagram represents the energy of an electron, which includes both kinetic and potential energy. The horizontal axis represents position, often not being drawn to scale. Note that the Heisenberg uncertainty principle prevents the band diagram from being drawn with a high positional resolution, since the band diagram shows energy bands (as resulting from a momentum-dependent band structure).
While a basic band diagram only shows electron energy levels, often a band diagram will be decorated with further features.
It is common to see cartoon depictions of the motion in energy and position of an electron (or electron hole) as it drifts, is excited by a light source, or relaxes from an excited state.
The band diagram may be shown connected to a circuit diagram showing how bias voltages are applied, how charges flow, etc.
The bands may be colored to indicate filling of energy levels, or sometimes the band gaps will be colored instead.
Energy levels.
Depending on the material and the degree of detail desired, a variety of energy levels will be plotted against position:
Band bending.
When looking at a band diagram, the electron energy states (bands) in a material can curve up or down near a junction. This effect is known as band bending. It does not correspond to any physical (spatial) bending. Rather, band bending refers to the local changes in electronic structure, in the energy offset of a semiconductor's band structure near a junction, due to space charge effects.
The primary principle underlying band bending inside a semiconductor is space charge: a local imbalance in charge neutrality. Poisson's equation gives a curvature to the bands wherever there is an imbalance in charge neutrality. The reason for the charge imbalance is that, although a homogeneous material is charge neutral everywhere (since it must be charge neutral on average), there is no such requirement for interfaces.
Practically all types of interface develop a charge imbalance, though for different reasons:
Knowing how bands will bend when two different types of materials are brought in contact is key to understanding whether the junction will be rectifying (Schottky) or ohmic. The degree of band bending depends on the relative Fermi levels and carrier concentrations of the materials forming the junction. In an n-type semiconductor the band bends upward, while in p-type the band bends downward. Note that band bending is due neither to magnetic field nor temperature gradient. Rather, it only arises in conjunction with the force of the electric field.

</doc>
<doc id="6917140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917140" title="TCG Kılıçalipaşa (D 349)">
TCG Kılıçalipaşa (D 349)



</doc>
<doc id="6917141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917141" title="Danulesti">
Danulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917147" title="Darmanesti">
Darmanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917149" title="Jean Pickering">
Jean Pickering

Jean Catherine Pickering (née Desforges; 4 July 1929 – 25 March 2013) was a female track and field athlete from Great Britain, who competed mainly in the 80 metres hurdles and long jump.
She won bronze medals at the Olympics and the Commonwealth Games and is the only British woman to have won gold medals at the European Athletics Championships in both a track and a field event (4 × 100 m relay in 1950, long jump in 1954). During her career she set British records in the women's pentathlon and the long jump.
She and her husband, Ron Pickering, had a lasting impact on British athletics, particularly through the Ron Pickering Memorial Fund, which provides support to young track and field athletes. Her son, Shaun Pickering, became an Olympian and a Commonwealth Games medallist, competing in the shot put.
Athletics career.
Born in Forest Gate, London, she made her international debut at the age of eighteen, competing in the 80 m hurdles. She represented Great Britain at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland, where she finished fifth in the 80 m hurdles and won the 4 × 100 metres relay bronze medal with her teammates Sylvia Cheeseman, June Foulds and Heather Armitage.
In 1953, Jean Desforges broke a British record and became the first British woman to long jump over 20 feet, when jumping 6.10 m in Nienburg, Germany.
In the 1950 European Championships in Brussels, Desforges finished fifth in the 80 m hurdles and was part of the gold medal winning 4 × 100 m relay team. She was European Champion in the long jump, in the 1954 European Championships in Berne, Switzerland, with a leap of 6.04 m. At the same championships Desforges finished sixth in the 80 m hurdles. She remains the only British athlete to have won a European gold medal in both a track and a field event.
In the 1954 Commonwealth Games in Vancouver, Canada, Desforges won a bronze medal in both the long jump and 80 m hurdles.
Desforges was an eight-time WAAA Championships winner, having won the 80 metres hurdles title four times (1949, 1952, 1953 and 1954), the long jump title twice (1953 and 1954), and the pentathlon title twice (1953 and 1954).
She ended her career with personal bests of 11.1 seconds for both the 100-yard dash and the 80 m hurdles. She also broke the British record for the pentathlon in her career, accumulating a total of 3997 points in 1953.
Family and foundation.
She married Ron Pickering, a prominent athletics coach and television commentator, on 23 October 1954, in Forest Gate, London. The couple had two children, a daughter (Kim) in 1958, and a son (Shaun Pickering) in 1961 who went on to athletic success in his own right.
Her husband's death in 1991 led her to create the Ron Pickering Memorial Fund to help support athletics in Britain at a grass-roots level. By 2013, the Memorial Fund had given out £2.0 million in grants to young athletes, coaches and athletics groups. Such was the breadth of the fund's support, around 75% of the British track and field team had been Ron Picking Memorial Fund grant recipients earlier in their career, among them Olympic champions Mo Farah, Jessica Ennis, Christine Ohuruogu and Greg Rutherford.
She was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2010 New Years Honours List for her services to athletics. She was inducted into the England Athletics Hall of Fame in 2011. Her passion for the sport remained until the end of her life – she suffered from poor health due to a heart condition in her last years but focused on being present for the Athletics at the 2012 London Olympics. She died aged 83 on 25 March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="6917153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917153" title="Dedulesti">
Dedulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917154" title="Unconditional love">
Unconditional love

Unconditional love is known as love without judgment. There are many ways of describing unconditional love, but most will agree that it is that type of love which has no bounds and is unchanging.
In Christianity, unconditional love is thought to be part of the ; affection, friendship, eros and charity. In ethology, or the study of animal behavior, unconditional love would refer to altruism, which in turn refers to the behavior by individuals that increases the biological fitness of another while decreasing the fitness of the individual committing the act. In psychology, unconditional love refers to a state of mind in which one has the goal of increasing the welfare of another, despite the lack of any evidence of benefit for oneself.
Conditional love.
Conditional love is based upon conditions or expectations of the recipient being met and satisfied. It is in some ways, is a way for the lover to diminish the autonomy and relatedness necessary in creating or developing intrinsic motivation. Unconditional love places no conditions or expectations on the recipient.
Unconditional love should not be confused with unconditional dedication: unconditional dedication or "duty" refers to an act of the will irrespective of feelings (e.g. a person may consider that they have a duty to stay with someone); unconditional love is an act of the feelings irrespective of will.
Unconditional love does not separate the individual from their behavior. An individual may exhibit behaviors that are unacceptable in a particular situation. Unconditional love can remain since to love unconditionally is loving without placing judgment on the other.
Humanistic psychology.
Humanistic psychologist Carl Rogers spoke of an unconditional positive regard and dedication towards one single support. Rogers stated that the individual needed an environment that provided them with genuineness, authenticity, openness, self-disclosure, acceptance, empathy, and approval. Rogers proposed this idea of Unconditional Positive Regard not only in social and familial situations, but also encouraged getting the healthy loving environment in therapy situations as well. It is important that in face-to-face therapy settings this environment is fostered along with empathy and understanding for the individual. It is through unconditional positive regard that change happens because the individual can feel that openness, love, and ability to be themselves again which fosters a true desire to change for the right reasons. 
Also, Abraham Maslow supported the unconditional love perspective by saying that in order to grow, an individual had to have a positive perspective of themselves. In "Man's Search for Meaning", logotherapist and Holocaust survivor Viktor Frankl draws parallels between the human capacity to love unconditionally and living a meaningful life. Frankl writes: "Love is the only way to grasp another human being in the innermost core of his personality. No one can become fully aware of the essence of another human being unless he loves him. ... Furthermore, by his love, the loving person enables the beloved person to actualize ... potentialities." For Frankl, unconditional love is a means by which we enable and reach human potential.
Neurological basis.
There has been some evidence to support a neural basis for unconditional love, showing that it stands apart from other types of love.
In a study conducted by Mario Beauregard and his colleagues, using an fMRI procedure, they studied the brain imaging of participants who were shown different sets of images either referring to "maternal love" (unconditional love) or "romantic love". Seven areas of the brain became active when these participants called to mind feelings of unconditional love. Three of these were similar to areas that became active when it came to romantic love. The other four active parts activated during the unconditional love portions of the experiment were different, showing certain brain regions associated with rewarding aspects, pleasurable (non-sexual) feelings, and human maternal behaviors. Through the associations made between the different regions, results show that the feeling of love for someone without the need of being rewarded is different from the feeling of romantic love.
Along with the idea of "mother love", which is commonly associated with unconditional love, a study found patterns in the neuroendocrine system and motivation-affective neural system. Using the fMRI procedure, mothers watched a video of themselves playing with their children in a familiar environment, like home. The procedure found part of the amygdala and nucleus accumbens were responsive on levels of emotion and empathy. Emotion and empathy (compassion) are descriptives of love, therefore it supports the idea that the neural occurrences are evidence of unconditional love.
Religious perspective.
Christianity.
In Christianity, the term "unconditional love" can be used to indicate God's love for a person irrespective of that person. This comes from the concept of God sending His only Son, Jesus Christ down from heaven to earth to die on a cross in order to take the punishment for all of humanity's sins. If someone chooses to believe in this, commonly called "The Gospel", then Jesus' price on the cross pays for their sins so they can freely enter into heaven, and not hell. The term is not explicitly used in the Bible, and advocates for God's conditional or unconditional love, using different passages or interpretations to support their point of view, are both encountered due to the different facets of God's nature. The cross is interpreted as God's unconditional love for humankind, in that there is no way to earn one's way to heaven—one must simply believe. In Christianity, it all depends on Jesus, not the person's effort nor understanding. A passage in scriptures cites this "For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God—" Ephesians 2:8,9, NIV. God's discipline can be viewed as conditional based on people's choices, but His actual love through Jesus is unconditional, and this is where some may become confused. His salvation is a free gift, but His discipline, which is shaping of good character, can look more conditional. Ultimately, knowing God and free passage to heaven have already been supplied by a God of unconditional love, one can simply choose to believe in order to receive such love. The civil rights leader and Pastor, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was quoted as saying "I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality".
Buddhism.
In Buddhism one of the most important concepts is called "bodhicitta". There are two kinds of Bodhicitta. They are "relative" and "absolute bodhicitta".
In relative bodhicitta, one learns about the desire to gain the understanding of unconditional love, which in Buddhism is expressed as loving-kindness and compassion. The point is to develop bodhicitta for all living (sentient) beings. 
Absolute bodhicitta is a more esoteric tantric teaching. Understanding the principle of loving-kindness and compassion is expressed when one treats all living beings as if one was or had been (in former lives) their own mother. One's mother will do anything for the benefit of her child. The most loving of all relationships may be that between a mother and her child. Of course, if all beings treated all other living beings as they would their own child, then there would be much less enmity in this world. 
The importance of this cannot be overstated. At every moment one has the opportunity to make a choice how to act, and to be completely mindful of one's actions means that in every interaction with another being one will consciously act with loving-kindness and compassion toward every other being, no matter what the nature of that interaction.
Hinduism.
Hinduism and Buddhism, the Sanskrit word "bhakti" is used by some to refer to unconditional love, even though its root meaning seems to be "participate". Bhakti or bhakthi is unconditional religious devotion of a devotee in worship of a divine.
Islam.
In Islamic belief, unconditional love can only be directed to Allah. The highest spiritual attainment in Islam is related to the love of God. "Yet there are men who take (for worship) others besides God, as equal (with God): They love them as they should love God. But those of Faith are overflowing in their love for God."
O lovers! The religion of the love of God is not found in Islam alone.
In the realm of love, there is neither belief, nor unbelief.
In Islamic Sufism, unconditional love is the basis for the divine love "Ishq-e-Haqeeqi", elaborated by many great Muslim saints to date. Prominent mystics explain the concept in its entirety and describe its hardcore reality.
Rabia of Basra was the one who first set forth the doctrine of divine love known as "ishq-e-haqeeqi" and is widely considered to be the most important of the early renunciants, one mode of piety that would eventually become labeled as Sufism.
She prayed:
&lt;poem&gt;
O Lord, if I worship You because of Fear of Hell,
then burn me in Hell;
If I worship You because I desire Paradise,
then exclude me from Paradise;
But if I worship You for Yourself alone,
then deny me not your Eternal Beauty.
&lt;/poem&gt;
Ishq itself means to love God selflessly and unconditionally. For Rumi, "Sufism" itself is Ishq and not the path of asceticism ("zuhd"). According to Sultan Bahoo, Ishq means to serve God unconditionally by devoting one's entire life to Him and asking no reward in return.
Other religions.
Neopaganism in general, and Wicca in particular, commonly use a traditional inspirational text Charge of the Goddess, which affirms that the Goddess's "law is love unto all beings". 
Mohism, China around 500 BCE, bases its entire premise on the supremacy of such an element, comparing one's duty to the indiscriminate generosity of "The Sky", or "Heaven", in contrast to Confucianism, which based its model of society on family love and duty. Later schools engaged in much debate on exactly how unconditional one could be in actual society (cf. "...who is my neighbour?" in "The Good Samaritan" story of Jesus of Nazareth).
Unitarian Universalism, though not having a set religious creed or doctrine, generally accepts the belief that all human beings are worthy and in need of unconditional love through charity in the community and spiritual understanding. The Unitarian Universalist Association explicitly argues this in the Seven Principles, where the "inherent worth and dignity" of all humans is a regularly cited source arguing for unconditional love.

</doc>
<doc id="6917156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917156" title="TCG Kiliçalipasa">
TCG Kiliçalipasa



</doc>
<doc id="6917157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917157" title="Cytochrome C">
Cytochrome C



</doc>
<doc id="6917159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917159" title="Delnita">
Delnita



</doc>
<doc id="6917162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917162" title="Diaconesti">
Diaconesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917164" title="Dobresti">
Dobresti



</doc>
<doc id="6917166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917166" title="Youth organization">
Youth organization



</doc>
<doc id="6917168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917168" title="Dobrotesti">
Dobrotesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917169" title="Judge and Bruiser">
Judge and Bruiser



</doc>
<doc id="6917171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917171" title="Mark Liberman">
Mark Liberman

Mark Yoffe Liberman is an American linguist. He is Christopher H. Browne Distinguished Professor of Linguistics at the University of Pennsylvania, with a dual appointment as Professor in the Department of Computer and Information Science. He is the founding director of the Linguistic Data Consortium and Faculty Director of Ware College House.
Early life.
Liberman is the son of psychologists Alvin Liberman and Isabelle Liberman.
Mark Liberman attended Harvard College but did not graduate. After two years' service in the US Army in Vietnam, he enrolled in graduate school in linguistics at MIT, from which he received a Master of Science (1972) and a PhD (1975).
Career.
From 1975 to 1990, he was a Member of Technical Staff at Bell Laboratories.
Research.
Liberman's main research interests lie in phonetics, prosody, and other aspects of speech communication. His early research established the linguistic subfield of metrical phonology. Much of his current research is conducted through computational analyses of linguistic corpora. In 2017, Liberman was the recipient of the IEEE James L. Flanagan Speech and Audio Processing Award.
Liberman is a founding co-editor of the "Annual Review of Linguistics". 
Liberman is also the founder of (and frequent contributor to) Language Log, a blog with a broad cast of dozens of professional linguists. The concept of the "eggcorn" was first proposed in one of his posts there.
Mobile phones and endangered languages.
In 2012, Liberman and Steven Bird began a US$101,501 project "to use mobile telephones to collect larger amounts of data on undocumented endangered languages than would ever be possible through usual fieldwork." The project resulted in the mobile app Aikuma.

</doc>
<doc id="6917173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917173" title="Dolhesti">
Dolhesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917177" title="John Sanctuary Nicholson">
John Sanctuary Nicholson

Brigadier-General John Sanctuary Nicholson (19 May 1863 – 21 February 1924) was a British Army officer and politician. He was a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) from 1921 to 1924.
Early life and education.
Born in Kensington, London, the son of William Nicholson and his wife Isabella. He was educated at Harrow and then, in 1882, the Royal Military College at Sandhurst. He was commissioned in 7th Hussars in February 1884 and in 1886 he spent eight years in India with his regiment before in 1894 being sent to Natal.
BSAP, Second Boer War and First World War.
The 7th Hussars joined a force at Mafeking to suppress a native rising in Matabeleland. During these operations he raised and commanded a corps of British South Africa Police (BSAP). He became Commandant-General of the BSAP and Inspector-General of Volunteers in Rhodesia from 1898 until 1903. The Second Boer War took place in neighbouring South Africa from 1899 to June 1902, and to recognize his contribution, Nicholson was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Bath (CB) in the South Africa honours list published on 26 June 1902. In 1903 he succeeded Baden-Powell as Inspector-General of South African Constabulary and retired from the post as a colonel in 1907.
During the First World War he joined the British Expeditionary Force and from April 1915 to December 1918 was base commandant at Calais. He had been promoted to brigadier-general in 1916 and retired from the Army in 1920.
Political career.
With a father and brother both being members of parliament Nicholson contested a seat in East Dorset in the 1910 general election. He lost by 426 votes to Captain Guest but after a petition Guest was unseated. Nicholson stood again as a Conservative candidate in a by-election against Guest's brother Henry Guest but was defeated again by a small margin. In the second general election of 1910 in December, he tried to get elected at Stafford but was defeated by 755 votes.
In 1921, he was elected the Member of Parliament for the Westminster Abbey constituency in a by-election following the death of the incumbent MP William Burdett-Coutts. He was re-elected in the following two general elections in 1922 and 1923.
Death.
Nicholson, who had never married, died on 21 February 1924 of pneumonia at his house at South Audley Street, Mayfair aged 60. A by-election was held to replace him as an MP.

</doc>
<doc id="6917178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917178" title="Dorobantu">
Dorobantu



</doc>
<doc id="6917179" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917179" title="S/2005 (136108) 1">
S/2005 (136108) 1



</doc>
<doc id="6917180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917180" title="Dospinesti">
Dospinesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917184" title="Raise the Roof (Game Show)">
Raise the Roof (Game Show)



</doc>
<doc id="6917186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917186" title="S/2005 (136108) 2">
S/2005 (136108) 2



</doc>
<doc id="6917187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917187" title="Draganesti">
Draganesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917192" title="Penn State Cancer Institute">
Penn State Cancer Institute

The Penn State Cancer Institute is a cancer research center of the Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center located in Hershey, Pennsylvania. The Institute provides clinical care, research, education, and community outreach services throughout central and eastern Pennsylvania. It serves approximately 3,000 inpatients and 22,500 outpatients annually.
Affiliated member institutions.
The Penn State Cancer Institute currently has affiliations with several other healthcare institutions throughout Pennsylvania, including:
Leadership.
The Penn State Cancer Institute is led by Dr. Raymond J. Hohl, who joined in 2014 from the University of Iowa.
About the Penn State Hershey Cancer Institute.
In July 2009, Penn State Hershey Cancer Institute opened the doors to its new state-of-the-art, freestanding building located on the Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center campus. The region's only comprehensive cancer center offers access to internationally recognized cancer specialists and scientists delivering a multidisciplinary approach to cancer care, patient-friendly facilities, and up-to-date medical technology. The facility helps position the Cancer Institute to earn a National Cancer Institute designation–the hallmark accreditation for academic cancer centers. The new facility is intended to integrate research and care with the educational mission of the Medical Center, and includes clinical space, laboratories, radiation and chemotherapy facilities, and administrative offices. Researchers and caregivers will be more closely connected, and will have the resources for strategic partnerships with scientists at Penn State's other campuses. To complement funding through federal and state grants, borrowing, and Medical Center reserves, the Cancer Institute is seeking to raise $65 million in philanthropy.

</doc>
<doc id="6917193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917193" title="Draghicesti">
Draghicesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917194" title="HNS Sfendoni (D-85)">
HNS Sfendoni (D-85)



</doc>
<doc id="6917196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917196" title="Dragoesti">
Dragoesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917200" title="The Saturday Show">
The Saturday Show

The Saturday Show can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917204" title="Dragomiresti">
Dragomiresti



</doc>
<doc id="6917209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917209" title="PSCI">
PSCI

PSCI may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917210" title="Draguseni">
Draguseni



</doc>
<doc id="6917211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917211" title="Sylvia Cheeseman">
Sylvia Cheeseman

Sylvia Cheeseman (born 19 May 1929) is an English retired sprinter who won a bronze medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics.
Biography.
Cheeseman's mother was a concert pianist, her father was a double bass player and a founding member of the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, and her sister was an international model. She lived on Derwent Road, in Whitton, London.
She attended Spring Grove Grammar School.
Cheeseman became the national 200 metres champion after winning the British WAAA Championships title at the 1946 WAAA Championships. She would go on to win the same title another five times from 1947 to 1952.
At the 1948 Olympic Games in London, represeting Great Britain, she was eliminated in the semi-finals of the 200 metres competition.
Competing in relays, she won two medals for England at the 1950 British Empire Games.
In the 1952 Olympics she won her heat but was eliminated in the semi-final.
In 1957 she married the Olympic runner John Disley; they had two daughters. After retiring from competitions, she worked as a freelance journalist in China and all around Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="6917212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917212" title="Dumbraveni">
Dumbraveni



</doc>
<doc id="6917213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917213" title="HNS Lonchi (D-56)">
HNS Lonchi (D-56)



</doc>
<doc id="6917216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917216" title="Dumbravita">
Dumbravita



</doc>
<doc id="6917217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917217" title="Autoinoculation">
Autoinoculation

Autoinoculation is derived from the Latin root words "autos" and "inoculate" that mean "self implanting" or "self infection" or "implanting something from oneself". Autoinoculation can refer to both beneficial medical procedures (e.g. vaccination) as well as non-beneficial or harmful natural processes (e.g. infection or disease). One beneficial autoinoculation medical procedure is when cells are removed from a person's body, medically altered then reinserted ("implanted" or "infected") into the same organism or person again to achieve some diagnostic or treatment aim.

</doc>
<doc id="6917218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917218" title="Ploujean">
Ploujean

Ploujean is a former commune of Finistère which is part of Morlaix since February 1959.
The church was built in the 15th century. It has been listed as a "Monument historique" since 1914 by the French Ministry of Culture, and its organ, built by Thomas Dallam II in the 17th century, has been listed since 1992.
It is the birthplace of the Breton poets Tristan Corbière and Olivier Souvestre (1835–1871). It is also the place where Gabriel Pierné died in 1937.
The population was 3,142 at the 1954 census.
Morlaix's airport, in Ploujean, is Morlaix – Ploujean Airport. Brit Air, a regional airline and Air France subsidiary, was headquartered by the airport in Ploujean. In 2013 the airline merged into HOP!.

</doc>
<doc id="6917221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917221" title="Isabelle Daniels">
Isabelle Daniels

Isabelle Frances Daniels (later Holston; July 31, 1937 – September 8, 2017) was an American sprinter.
Daniels attended Tennessee State University, where she was part of their AAU champion relay team for 5 years. She took the silver in the 60 meters at the 1955 Pan American Games and was on the winning relay team. She competed for the United States in the 1956 Summer Olympics held in Melbourne, Australia, where she won the bronze medal in the 4×100 metres with her teammates Mae Faggs, Margaret Matthews and Wilma Rudolph, in a race where all three teams beat the existing world record. She was initially placed third in the 100 meters, but was moved to fourth after photos of the finish were examined.
In 1958 she participated in a goodwill tour over the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe. She worked for many years as a physical education teacher and coach in Georgia, where she received numerous awards, including 1990 National Coach of the Year by the National High School Athletic Coaches Association. In 1987 she was inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame. In 1992 she was honored as the All-State Role Model; a documentary on her life was produced and broadcast in the halftime of the Georgia high school all-stars basketball game. She was also listed on a 1992 "Coaches Care Honor Roll" sponsored by Gatorade. In March 2006 she was inducted into the Hall of Fame of the Bob Hayes Invitational Track Meet in Jacksonville, Florida. Daniels died on September 8, 2017, at the age of 80. She was married to Rev. Sidney R. Holston; the couple had four children.

</doc>
<doc id="6917223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917223" title="Erdős–Strauss conjecture">
Erdős–Strauss conjecture



</doc>
<doc id="6917225" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917225" title="F2M">
F2M



</doc>
<doc id="6917226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917226" title="Dumesti">
Dumesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917230" title="Dupa Deal">
Dupa Deal



</doc>
<doc id="6917234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917234" title="Margaret Matthews">
Margaret Matthews

Margaret Rejean Matthews (born August 5, 1935) is an American track and field athlete who mainly competed in the 100 meters and long jump events.
She competed for United States in the 1956 Summer Olympics held in Melbourne, Australia. Matthews, a native Atlantan and captain of the TSU Tigerbelles, captured the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 meters with three of her U.S. teammates Mae Faggs, Wilma Rudolph and Isabelle Daniels. Matthews was the first American woman to leap a record 20 feet in the long jump. At the 1956 Olympic trials in Washington, D.C. she set an American record of 19 feet, 9 inches. She won the national AAU outdoor meet four straight times from 1956 to 1959. In 1958 she set a new American long jump record of 20 feet, one inch. She won a silver medal in the long jump at the 1959 Pan American Games.
Matthews was born in Griffin, Georgia. She was the first person in her family to finish high school and has devoted 35 years to public education in Memphis. Her son, Barry Todd Wilburn, played professional football in the NFL. In 1997 she was inducted into the Georgia Sports Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="6917235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917235" title="Dusesti">
Dusesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917240" title="HNS Lonchi">
HNS Lonchi



</doc>
<doc id="6917244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917244" title="Fagetel">
Fagetel



</doc>
<doc id="6917246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917246" title="South Carolina civil disturbances of 1876">
South Carolina civil disturbances of 1876

The South Carolina civil disturbances of 1876 were a series of race riots and civil unrest related to the Democratic Party's political campaign to take back control from Republicans of the state legislature and governor's office through their paramilitary Red Shirts division. Part of their plan was to disrupt Republican political activity and suppress black voting, particularly in counties where populations of whites and blacks were close to equal. Former Confederate general Martin W. Gary's "Plan of the Campaign of 1876" gives the details of planned actions to accomplish this.
The following incidents took place mostly in counties where blacks were in the majority, but not significantly. The Upstate counties had majorities of whites and racial disturbances were uncommon, whereas the Lowcountry counties had an overwhelming black population. White militias were not so active there. In the Midlands, Edgefield District and Charleston area, Democrats exerted considerable effort to step up the Democratic vote and suppress black Republican voting by intimidation and violence, including outright murder and assassination of a black state representative.
In 1875 Charleston had a population that was 57% black, with a Charleston County population that was 73% black. Having had a tradition of a well-established class of free people of color in the city, African Americans organized to defend themselves during this volatile period.
By suppressing the black majority in Edgefield County and election fraud (2,000 more votes were counted than the total number of registered voters in the county), the Democrats elected Wade Hampton III as the Democratic candidate by a narrow margin of slightly more than 1100 votes statewide. They also carried the state legislature.
July.
Hamburg massacre.
Located across the Savannah River from Augusta, the small majority-black town of Hamburg in Aiken County was the site of a confrontation on Independence Day between white slaveholders and a unit of the Hamburg National Guard, made up of freedmen, who were parading. The slaveholders went to court to complain of being blocked on the street; their attorney demanded the militia give up their arms, which they refused to do. Trying to escape that night, two freedmen were killed by white paramilitary. The whites captured about two dozen blacks and formed a Dead Ring. They murdered four blacks outright that night on July 8 and wounded several more. Ben Tillman led one of the paramilitary groups and established renown for promoting white supremacy. Word of the events at Hamburg traveled throughout the state. A Coroner's jury indicted 94 white men in the attack, including "M. C. Butler, Benjamin R. Tillman, A. P. Butler and others of the most prominent men in Aiken and Edgefield Counties, South Carolina, and Richmond County, Georgia" but it appears they were never prosecuted.
September.
Charleston.
By September, Charleston seethed with political activity. Following two Democratic meetings earlier in the week in which blacks explained why they had left the Republican Party, on the night of September 6 in Charleston, a black Democratic club held a meeting at Archer's Hall on King Street. Two black speakers, including J.R. Jenkins, criticized the Republicans, including an insult to black women. After the meeting white Democrats escorted the last speaker from the meeting, and they were followed by Republicans who had heard the speech. The whites fired a pistol above the heads of gathering black Republicans but that attracted more African Americans, and fighting started. US troops escorted the black Democrats to safety, but the whites and police were outnumbered and could not quell the mob. Blacks continued to roam, looting on King Street and nearby, as the outnumbered police (a mixed group racially) could not quell their activity. They were escorted safely to The Citadel grounds at Marion Square. Unusually, more whites than blacks were injured in this riot; the one white death was attributed to a mistaken shot by a white man.
No Democratic rifle clubs intervened that evening after consultation with the police; they feared provoking a larger riot. Their officers met the next day, making a plan to have rifle clubs available at short notice every night when political meetings were held. Tensions remained high in the city but their officers met the next day, and guns for sale in the city were quickly gone. Two nights later the Democrats met at Hibernian Hall without incident. The inability of Governor Chamberlain and the local law authorities to preserve the peace convinced the people of the state of the failure of Republican rule. Southerners portrayed the actions of freedmen as menacing, trying to win over public opinion in the North. Northerners found the continuing insurgency in the southern states to be disheartening. Historian Ehren K. Foley noted that the event "demonstrated the continued mobilization and strength of both the Republican party and the African American community in the low country of South Carolina. The event also demonstrated the willingness of both sides to deploy force for political ends."
Ellenton Riot.
In September 1876 the Ellenton riot occurred. It started September 15 and lasted to the 21st. The initiation of the Ellenton riot began when a white posse attempted to serve warrants of arrest issued by an African-American Magistrate Prince Rivers[1] for two people suspected of breaking and entering. The events escalated until two white men and 39 African-American were killed. The most notable being Simon P. Coker who served as a member of the Legislature from Barnwell.
October.
Cainhoy.
In Charleston County, leaders of the political parties arranged some of what they called discussion meetings, as the Democrats were still seeking Republican audiences, and both parties would have speakers. Given the tensions and violent incidents, they agreed that attendees should not bring arms (rifles and shotguns) into the meetings. A Republican Party meeting was scheduled at the White Church in Cainhoy on October 16, about 12 miles from Charleston. Learning of this, Democrats from Charleston chartered the steamer "Pocosin" and about 150 white men went to Cainhoy for the meeting. The meeting had an audience of about 500, mostly black.
In the South, men of both races regularly carried pistols, which were not counted as "arms." The leaders had asked the men to leave those weapons behind, and many blacks had stashed their weapons in the swamp and an old house near the church. When some young whites found the rifles, they approached the meeting. One gun discharged accidentally and the crowd began to disperse; one of the whites shot an elderly black man, who was killed. Blacks raced to retrieve their arms and pursued the retreating Democrats, who had only pistols and were outnumbered.
The incident at Cainhoy resulted in the death of one black man and five to six whites, plus wounding of an estimated 16 to 50. It was the only one of these political incidents in 1876 in which more whites were killed than blacks. According to Reynolds, the black Republicans avoided being taken by surprise by the Democrats and succeeded in running them off. Most historians note that the Democrats were put off balance by the black resistance. With the threat of retaliatory attacks by the whites, Governor Chamberlain sent a company of Federal troops to the town to prevent any more bloodshed.
Edgefield.
On October 17, a group of six white men of the Red Shirts were leaving a Democratic meeting in Edgefield and were ambushed by two black brothers from a cotton patch about three miles outside the town. One of the white men was shot and killed, and the other departed to fetch the coroner and some reinforcements. Several other black men joined the brothers in the cotton field and fired their rifles, wounding the coroner in the leg. The Red Shirts threatened retaliation, but were restrained by General Martin Gary and Wade Hampton because the black men were on state property. A total of five black men were arrested for the assault.
November.
Charleston.
In Charleston on the afternoon of November 8, Edmund W. M. Mackey, a white Republican leader, read aloud the election results from Republican newspapers to a crowd of blacks at the corner of Meeting and Broad streets. As he walked down Broad street to the office of the "News and Courier," a drunk white man struck Mackey's face with his hat and in the ensuing scuffle, a gunshot went off. The blacks at the outskirts of the crowd yelled that Mackey had been killed and rushed to him. White men fired at them, and both groups dispersed after arrival of police.
A number of the black policeman joined the rebellion instead of restoring order. A white man who asked for assistance from a black police officer was clubbed, and the black policeman fired their guns indiscriminately at any white person they saw. A call to action went out to all the rifle clubs and Red Shirts in Charleston; more than 500 paramilitary white men assembled by five o'clock. Two companies of federal troops approached the rifle clubs to get them to back down and reestablish order. The whites suffered one killed and twelve wounded, while the blacks had one killed and ten wounded.
Beaufort.
During election night of November 7 in Beaufort after the closing of the polls, a black Democrat was assaulted and beaten by black Republicans. The next day he went to report the beating to a trial justice. He sent Constable J. H. Shuman on November 14 to make arrests, but was killed when the black Republicans violently resisted arrest. Outraged red shirts across the Lowcountry gathered and restored order in the area while heeding calls from Wade Hampton to limit bloodshed and show mercy.
References.
Congressional Serial Set U.S. Government Printing Office, 1877

</doc>
<doc id="6917247" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917247" title="Lords of Kobol (Battlestar Galactica)">
Lords of Kobol (Battlestar Galactica)



</doc>
<doc id="6917252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917252" title="Fagetu de Sus">
Fagetu de Sus



</doc>
<doc id="6917256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917256" title="Broadleaf Plantain">
Broadleaf Plantain



</doc>
<doc id="6917258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917258" title="Fagetu">
Fagetu



</doc>
<doc id="6917259" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917259" title="Tecuamburro">
Tecuamburro

Tecuamburro is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala, roughly 50 kilometres south east of Guatemala City. The Tecuamburro is an andesitic stratovolcano which formed approximately 38,000 years ago inside a horseshoe-shaped caldera formed by a structural failure in a second, 100,000-year-old stratovolcano, known as Miraflores. The last eruption is believed to have occurred around 960 BCE. At the top of the Tecuamburro is an acidic crater lake around which many hot springs, fumaroles, and boiling mudpots are found.

</doc>
<doc id="6917263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917263" title="Biostratinomy">
Biostratinomy

Biostratinomy is the study of the processes that take place after an organism dies but before its final burial. It is considered to be a subsection of the science of taphonomy, along with necrology (the study of the death of an organism) and diagenesis (the changes that take place after final burial). These processes are largely destructive, and include physical, chemical and biological effects:
For the vast majority of organisms, biostratinomic destruction is total. However, if at least a few remnants of an organism make it to final burial, a fossil may eventually be formed unless destruction is completed by diagenesis. As the processes of biostratinomy are often dominated by sedimentological factors, analysis of the biostratinomy of a fossil can reveal important features about the physical environment it once lived in. The boundaries between the three disciplines within taphonomy are partly arbitrary. In particular, the role of microbes in sealing and preserving organisms, for example in a process called autolithification, is now recognised to be a very important and early event in the preservation of many exceptional fossils, often taking place before burial. Such mineralogical changes might equally be considered to be biostratinomic as diagenetic.
A school of investigation called aktuopaläontologie, subsisting largely in Germany, attempts to investigate biostratinomic effects by experimentation and observation on extant organisms. William Schäfer's book "Ecology and palaeoecology of marine environments" is a classic product of this sort of investigation. More recently, D.E.G. Briggs and colleagues have made detailed studies of decay with the prime aim of understanding the profound halt to these processes that is required by exceptional preservation in lagerstätten.

</doc>
<doc id="6917267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917267" title="Fanate">
Fanate



</doc>
<doc id="6917273" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917273" title="Fantanele">
Fantanele



</doc>
<doc id="6917274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917274" title="The Second Coming (TV series)">
The Second Coming (TV series)



</doc>
<doc id="6917276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917276" title="Megalithomania!">
Megalithomania!

Megalithomania! is a live album by Coil recorded at their performance at the Megalithomania festival at Conway Hall in London, England. It is limited to a pressing of 230 copies, 123 of which were available in their box set "The Key to Joy Is Disobedience".
This performance consists of an extended performance of only one song, "The Universe Is a Haunted House", which has never been released as a studio version. Another live version of the song appears on "Live Four"; it is also listed on "CD B" of "Live One", although it is actually the same track as "Blue Chasms".
Personnel.
Credits adapted from the liner notes.
Coil
Additional personnel

</doc>
<doc id="6917277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917277" title="HNS Sfendoni">
HNS Sfendoni



</doc>
<doc id="6917281" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917281" title="Fantani">
Fantani



</doc>
<doc id="6917283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917283" title="Fedelesoiu">
Fedelesoiu



</doc>
<doc id="6917287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917287" title="Fenes">
Fenes



</doc>
<doc id="6917289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917289" title="Fizes">
Fizes



</doc>
<doc id="6917293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917293" title="Frasinet">
Frasinet



</doc>
<doc id="6917295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917295" title="Galina Bukharina">
Galina Bukharina

Galina Petrovna Bukharina (; born 14 February 1945) is a Soviet track athlete. She competed mainly in the 100 metres and 4 × 100 m relay. She is head coach of 400 m and relay athletes of India, at NIS, Patiala.
Personal life.
Galina was born at Voronezh, Russia during Soviet era. In 1989 she moved to the US seeking better medical treatment for her daughter, who was suffering from cancer.
She became a US citizen. She initially worked as an elder care aide and house cleaner.
She has three grandchildren.
Career.
Athlete.
Bukharina trained at the Armed Forces sports society in Moscow. She competed for the Soviet Union in the 1968 Summer Olympics in the 4 × 100 metres. She won the bronze medal with her teammates Lyudmila Zharkova, Vera Popkova and Lyudmila Samotyosova. She participated at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
Coach.
She started coaching in the Soviet Union, and worked with the national setup for about 17 years. “I’ve competed in the Olympics myself but as a coach I have been more successful. I used to coach the women’s (Soviet Union) 4 × 400 team. They still hold the world record set under me. 3.15.17"s, she said. The record was set at the 1988 Games.
During her US stay, Galina wanted to return home after her daughter’s recovery. The USSR's collapse convinced her to prolong her stay. She coached for Texas State University-San Marcos, formally Southwest Texas State University, winning various NCAA meets until 2011, when she retired.
At 72, she was appointed 400 m and relay coach of Indian national team. She coached Hima Das to become 2018 World Junior Champion and set national records. Mohammad Anas also won medals at various international platforms and set national records.
References.
Sports Reference

</doc>
<doc id="6917296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917296" title="Electro pop">
Electro pop



</doc>
<doc id="6917297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917297" title="Frecatei">
Frecatei



</doc>
<doc id="6917299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917299" title="Fundatura">
Fundatura



</doc>
<doc id="6917304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917304" title="Fundu Vaii">
Fundu Vaii



</doc>
<doc id="6917307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917307" title="Furduiesti">
Furduiesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917309" title="Gageni">
Gageni



</doc>
<doc id="6917311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917311" title="Gainesti">
Gainesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917313" title="Salem Township, Ohio">
Salem Township, Ohio

Salem Township, Ohio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917315" title="Methesco">
Methesco



</doc>
<doc id="6917317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917317" title="Galaseni">
Galaseni



</doc>
<doc id="6917321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917321" title="Galbinasi">
Galbinasi



</doc>
<doc id="6917322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917322" title="Glaslyn Rural District">
Glaslyn Rural District

Glaslyn was a rural district in the administrative county of Caernarfonshire from 1894 to 1934.
The district was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 from the part of Festiniog Rural Sanitary District in Caernarfonshire. The district was named after Glaslyn, a lake at the centre of the area.
The district contained three civil parishes:
The rural district was abolished by a County Review Order in 1934. Beddgelert passed to Gwyrfai Rural District, and Dolbenmaen to Llŷn Rural District. Treflys parish was abolished, most of it becoming part of Dolbenmaen parish, with parts going to the urban districts of Criccieth and Porthmadog.

</doc>
<doc id="6917324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917324" title="Galcesti">
Galcesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917327" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917327" title="Garbesti">
Garbesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917330" title="Tahual">
Tahual

Tahual is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala. The highest point of the volcano is at an altitude of 1,716 m (5,630 ft) above sea level. 

</doc>
<doc id="6917331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917331" title="Garbovat">
Garbovat



</doc>
<doc id="6917333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917333" title="Salter–Harris fracture">
Salter–Harris fracture

A Salter–Harris fracture is a fracture that involves the epiphyseal plate (growth plate) of a bone, specifically the zone of provisional calcification. It is thus a form of child bone fracture. It is a common injury found in children, occurring in 15% of childhood long bone fractures. This type of fracture and its classification system is named for Robert B. Salter and William H. Harris who created and published this classification system in the "Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery" in 1963.
Types.
There are nine types of Salter–Harris fractures; types I to V as described by Robert B. Salter and William H. Harris in 1963, and the rarer types VI to IX which have been added subsequently:
SALTER mnemonic for classification.
The mnemonic "SALTER" can be used to help remember the first five types.
N.B.: This mnemonic requires the reader to imagine the bones as long bones, with the epiphyses at the base.
Alternatively, SALTER can be used for the first 6 types, as above but adding Type V — 'E' for 'Everything' or 'Epiphysis' and Type VI — 'R' for 'Ring'.
Prognosis.
Fractures in children generally heal relatively fast but may take several weeks to heal. Most growth plate fractures heal without any lasting effects. Rarely, bridging bone may form across the fracture, causing stunted growth and/or curving. In such cases, the bridging bone may need to be surgically removed. A growth plate fracture may also stimulate growth, causing a longer bone than the corresponding bone on the other side. Therefore, the American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons recommends regular follow-up for at least a year after a growth plate fracture.

</doc>
<doc id="6917334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917334" title="Gardesti">
Gardesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917335" title="CCPL">
CCPL

CCPL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917338" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917338" title="Volcán Tahual">
Volcán Tahual



</doc>
<doc id="6917339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917339" title="Cucumber Blast">
Cucumber Blast



</doc>
<doc id="6917343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917343" title="Shen Wu Men">
Shen Wu Men



</doc>
<doc id="6917344" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917344" title="Garleni">
Garleni



</doc>
<doc id="6917345" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917345" title="Craig McDean">
Craig McDean

Craig McDean (born 1964 in England) is a British fashion photographer, originally from Middlewich, now based in New York City.
Life.
McDean originally trained and worked as a car mechanic before studying photography at Mid Cheshire College (OND) and Blackpool and The Fylde College of Further &amp; Higher Education (PQE) where he took photography classes before he dropped out and moved to London. 
McDean began his photographic career in London as a photographer's assistant to photographer Nick Knight. His early editorial work was featured in magazines such as "i-D" and "The Face", which led to advertising campaign work for clients such as Jil Sander and Calvin Klein, and editorial commissions with Harper's Bazaar and Vogue.
More recently, McDean has photographed fashion campaigns for clients including Gucci, Giorgio Armani, Emporio Armani, Oscar de la Renta, Yves Saint Laurent, Calvin Klein, and Estée Lauder.
His editorial spreads are regularly featured in magazines including "Vogue", "W", and "Another Magazine". Although primarily a fashion photographer, McDean has photographed portraits of celebrities including Björk, Madonna, Natalie Portman, Justin Timberlake, Jennifer Aniston, Joaquin Phoenix, Hilary Swank, Uma Thurman, Gael García Bernal and Nicole Kidman.
In 2008, McDean was given an Infinity Award for Applied/Fashion/Advertising Photography by the International Center of Photography.
He is represented by Art + Commerce in New York.
McDean was married to British fashion designer Tabitha Simmons before they divorced in 2013. They have two sons.

</doc>
<doc id="6917348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917348" title="Geamana">
Geamana



</doc>
<doc id="6917349" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917349" title="Ghermanesti">
Ghermanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917350" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917350" title="TNA Unbreakable 2005">
TNA Unbreakable 2005



</doc>
<doc id="6917354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917354" title="Chimney Bellflower">
Chimney Bellflower



</doc>
<doc id="6917356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917356" title="Ghinesti">
Ghinesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917358" title="Mary Quinn Sullivan">
Mary Quinn Sullivan

Mary Quinn Sullivan (November 24, 1877 – December 5, 1939), born Mary Josephine Quinn, was a pioneering collector of European and American modern and contemporary art and gallerist, and a founding trustee of the Museum of Modern Art, which opened in rented space in New York City in November 1929. She also led a small group of Indianapolis, Indiana, art patrons who called themselves the Gamboliers and between 1928 and 1934 selected artworks of for the group that brought some of the first modern and contemporary works to the collections of the John Herron Art Institute, which later became the Indianapolis Museum of Art. 
Mary and Cornelius J. Sullivan, her husband, amassed a significant private collection of art during the 1920s and 1930s that included Modigliani's "Sculptured Head of a Woman", Paul Cézanne's "Madame Cézanne", Georges Rouault's "Crucifixion", and a Hepplewhite desk that once belonged to Edgar Degas, as well as works by Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Paul Gauguin, Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Vincent van Gogh, Pierre Bonnard, Pablo Picasso, and others.
The Indiana native trained for a career as an artist at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York, and in 1909 she studied at the Slade School of Fine Art in London, England, for a semester. Sullivan became an art teacher in the New York City public schools and a member of the faculty at Pratt Institute's School of Household Science and Arts. She also authored a textbook, "Planning and Furnishing the Home: Practical and Economical Suggestions for the Homemaker" (1914). Sullivan operated an art gallery in New York City in her later years, but the Great Depression and financial difficulties in the 1930s subsequently led to the decision to sell her private art collection at auction.
Early life and education.
Mary Josephine Quinn was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, on November 24, 1877. She was the eldest of Thomas F. and Anne E. (Gleason) Quinn's eight children (six daughters and two sons). Thomas Quinn, came to Indianapolis in 1857 and by 1877 was farming land outside the city.
Interested in art from an early age, Mary Quinn attended public schools in Indianapolis, including the Shortridge High School. Quinn took classes from Roda Selleck, the head of the high school's art department, and served as Selleck's assistant. In 1899, Quinn received a scholarship to study art at the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, New York, and moved to New York City to pursue a career as an artist. While living in New York, she met Katherine Dreier, a fellow art student and the two became a lifelong friends through a shared interest in modern art. Quinn resided in the Brooklyn Heights home of Katherine Dreier's father, Theodor Dreier, during the early 20th century.
In 1901, Quinn was hired as an art teacher in the Queens, New York school system. In 1902, the New York Board of Education sent her to Europe to observe the curriculum of art schools. Katherine Drier accompanied Quinn during the trip, which included visits to France and Italy. Their travels exposed the two women to the modern art movements of the time (Impressionism and Post-Impressionism). Dreier went on to establish the Société Anonyme in 1920, a group of art patrons that promoted modern art. Its collection, which was presented to Yale University in 1941, became "the core collection of the Yale University Art Gallery." Mary Quinn Sullivan is listed as a member of the Société Anonyme in Dreier's archives.
Quinn taught art at the DeWitt Clinton High School in New York City for several years, becoming head of the school's art department by 1909. However, she resigned from teaching and returned to Europe to study at the Slade School of Fine Art in London, England, during the fall term of 1909. Quinn also attended lectures from critic and artist Roger Fry. Upon her return to New York in 1910, Quinn accepted a faculty position at Pratt Institute as an instructor of drawing and design at its School of Household Sciences and Arts. She later became supervisor of design. 
In addition, Quinn served as secretary of the New York High School Teacher's Association. She also authored a textbook, "Planning and Furnishing the Home: Practical and Economical Suggestions for the Homemaker" (1914). Quinn resigned from the Pratt Institute and left the teaching profession in October 1917.
Marriage.
Mary Quinn married Cornelius J. Sullivan, a prominent New York lawyer, on November 21, 1917. The couple had no children. The Sullivans established a home in the Hell's Gate area of Astoria, Queens, where they entertained artists, writers, and politicians. (The neighborhood is now occupied by a Con Ed power plant.) The Sullivans often spent summers in Ireland, and maintained a second home on Block Island, Rhode Island.
Cornelius Sullivan, who specialized in managing large trusts and divorce proceedings for the wealthy, was a member of the New York Board of Education. He was also a friend of John Quinn a Harvard Law School classmate and an art and manuscript collector. C. J. Sullivan was a collector of rare books and manuscripts, antiques, and art. John Quinn and C. J. Sullivan also shared an enthusiasm for collecting and identifying themselves as "Irish patriots."
Art patron and philanthropist.
Mary and Cornelius Sullivan made frequent trips to Europe and visited galleries in New York to amass their private collection of European and American art. The couple displayed their collection of modern French art in their home in Astoria, Queens. Mary Sullivan began her own art collection in the 1920s. She made her first major purchase in February 1927 at the estate auction of John Quinn. Over the years the Sullivans' collection expanded to include American and Irish antiques, as well as modern art such as Modigliani's "Sculptured Head of a Woman" (acquired from Leopold Zborowski), Paul Cézanne's "Madame Cézanne", a Hepplewhite desk which once belonged to Edgar Degas, Georges Rouault's "Crucifixion", Vincent van Gogh's "Mlle. Ravoux", and Winslow Homer's "The New Novel" to name but a few.
After her marriage, Mary Sullivan also became a strong supporter of philanthropic causes. She served as the president of the Needle and Bobbin Club in New York City. This women's group sold lacework for charity, most notably works by women in poorhouses at Blackwell's Island. She also gave lectures about the history of lacework on behalf of the club. In addition, Sullivan supported causes such as the Handwork Centre at 511 Madison Avenue that sold toys made by the elderly, infirm, and unemployed. As late as 1921, Sullivan was noted to be the secretary and chairman of the New York Society of Occupation Therapy, which operated a summer program at Byrdcliffe Colony in Woodstock, New York. The program taught the basics of art and applied arts instruction to hospital aides and nurses.
Indianapolis Museum of Art's Gamboliers.
In 1927, Sullivan and Indianapolis art patron Carl Lieber organized a small group of Indianapolis art patrons who called themselves the Gamboliers to acquire modern and contemporary art for the John Herron Institute, the predecessor to the Indianapolis Museum of Art. As the leader of the group, Sullivan began choosing works of art in 1928 on their behalf in New York City and during her frequent travels to Europe. Working with an annual budget of $2,500, she purchased 160 works of art for the Gamboliers that usually ranged in price from $10 to $25 each. By the time the group disbanded in 1934, its collection were mostly on paper and included works from new and upcoming American and European artists such as Modigliani, Henri Matisse, and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, among others. The group's best-known purchase was a Toulouse-Lautrec color lithograph, "", which the Herron Art Institute received in 1936.
During summer of 1928, Sullivan also helped the Herron Art Institute organize two exhibitions of modern paintings from French and American artists. In addition, she helped bring to Indianapolis in January 1932 a temporary exhibition of 111 works of modern art. In February 1932, the Herron Art Institute opened an exhibition to showcase the works of art that Sullivan had helped the Gamboliers to acquire.
The Museum of Modern Art.
During the 1920s, Sullivan established friendships with art patrons Lillie Plummer Bliss and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, and in early 1929, the three women and Arthur Bowen Davies began discussions for a new museum of modern art in New York City. During a luncheon with collector A. Conger Goodyear, who agreed to serve as chairman of the museum's organizing committee, the group began developing definite plans for what became the Museum of Modern Art. The museum opened in November 1929 in rented space at its temporary quarters in a New York City office building at 730 Fifth Avenue. In 1932, the museum moved into its own facility on 53rd Street.
Mary Sullivan was one of the seven signers of the museum's charter and "worked tirelessly to assist in any way she could." Her husband, Cornelius Sullivan, drafted the art museum's incorporation documents and served as its legal advisor until his death in 1932. Mary Sullivan chaired several of the museum's committees before her resignation and retirement from the board of trustees on October 17, 1933, due to financial difficulties. She as made an honorary trustee for life in 1935.
Later years.
After the death of her husband in 1932, Mary Sullivan opened an art gallery on East 56th Street in New York City. She later moved her gallery to a two-room space in Lois Shaw's gallery on Park Avenue. The gallery hosted exhibitions of Chaïm Soutine's work, among others, and employed a young Betty Parsons, who acknowledged that Sullivan's business sense and taste made an enduring impression on her.
The Great Depression and other financial difficulties caused by Cornelius Sullivan's death in 1932 subsequently led to Mary Sullivan's decision to disburse their art collection. Some of the collection from her husband's estate and a portion of her own collection were sold at auction in April 1937 at Anderson Galleries. In December 1939, Sullivan, who was ill by that time, consigned 202 additional pieces from their collection for sale at a two-day auction at Parke-Bernet, which later became affiliated with Sotheby's. The auction began on December 6, 1939, and was one of the major modern art auctions since John Quinn's death in 1927. Sullivan died the night before the auction, when her collection of modern art, which included works by Pierre-Auguste Renoir, Cézanne, Paul Gauguin, Toulouse-Lautrec, and van Gogh, as well as Pierre Bonnard, Pablo Picasso, and Modigliani, among others, passed into other collections.
Death and legacy.
Mary Quinn Sullivan died in Astoria, Queens, New York, on December 5, 1939, of complications from pleurisy and diabetes. Following funeral services at New York City and Indianapolis, her remains were interred at Holy Cross Cemetery in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Working with Lillie Plummer Bliss, Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, and others, Sullivan established the Museum of Modern Art, which opened in New York City in November 1929, and continued to support the institution as a member of its board of trustees until 1933 and an honorary trustee until her death in 1939. Rockefeller purchased two works from the auction of Mary Quinn Sullivan's collection in December 1939 (a Modgliani and an André Derain) and placed them in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art as a tribute to her late friend. Sullivan's selections of art works between 1928 and 1934 on behalf of the Indianapolis group of collectors called the Gamboliers brought some of the first modern and contemporary artworks to the collections of the John Herron Art Institute, which later became the Indianapolis Museum of Art. The private art collection that she and her husband, Cornelius J. Sullivan, amassed during the 1920s and 1930s, which included modern and contemporary works from notable American and European artists was later sold and passed into other collections.

</doc>
<doc id="6917360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917360" title="Giurgesti">
Giurgesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917361" title="Bluebells-of-Scotland">
Bluebells-of-Scotland



</doc>
<doc id="6917366" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917366" title="Gligoresti">
Gligoresti



</doc>
<doc id="6917369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917369" title="German Catchfly">
German Catchfly



</doc>
<doc id="6917370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917370" title="Ultimate Mary-Jane (comic)">
Ultimate Mary-Jane (comic)



</doc>
<doc id="6917372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917372" title="Gogosu">
Gogosu



</doc>
<doc id="6917373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917373" title="USP Terre Haute">
USP Terre Haute



</doc>
<doc id="6917374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917374" title="Golesti">
Golesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917378" title="Gornovita">
Gornovita



</doc>
<doc id="6917379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917379" title="Carpathian Bellflower">
Carpathian Bellflower



</doc>
<doc id="6917382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917382" title="Gorunesti">
Gorunesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917385" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917385" title="Kjetil Mårdalen">
Kjetil Mårdalen

Kjetil Mårdalen (12 January 1925 – 4 November 1996) was a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed in the 1950s. He won a bronze medal in the individual event at the 1954 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Falun.
Mårdalen finished 14th in the individual event at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo.

</doc>
<doc id="6917386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917386" title="Gradinari">
Gradinari



</doc>
<doc id="6917388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917388" title="The Incorporated Knight">
The Incorporated Knight

The Incorporated Knight is a fix-up fantasy novel by American writers L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp, the first book in their sequence of two Neo-Napolitanian novels. Chapters 1-5 first appeared as L. Sprague de Camp's short stories "Two Yards of Dragon", "The Coronet", "Spider Love" and "Eudoric's Unicorn" in "Flashing Swords!", "The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction" and "The Year's Best Fantasy Stories" in 1976–1977. The complete novel was first published in hardcover by Phantasia Press in August 1987, and in paperback by Baen Books in September 1988, with a trade paperback edition, also from Baen, following in 1991. An E-book edition was published by Gollancz's SF Gateway imprint on September 29, 2011, as part of a general release of de Camp's works in electronic form.
Plot summary.
Squire Eudoric Dambertson of Zurgau in the kingdom of Locania wishes to wed Lusina, the daughter of his former tutor, the magician Doctor Baldonius. The price is attaining the status of knight and supplying the magician with a portion of dragon hide for use in his magic. Dragons are locally scarce, so Eudoric and his trusty servant Jillo set out for Pathenia in the east to slay one. But once the two do manage to bring one down (by accident) they face legal complications for violating the local game laws. Returning, Eudoric finds his promised bride has run off with a minstrel, and his feudal lord Baron Emmerhard disinclined to knight him for his heroic exploit; he consoles himself by pursuing a scheme to establish a stagecoach line like those in Pathenia. (This material first appeared as the short story "Two Yards of Dragon".)
A subsequent rescue of Emmerhard from a magic spell finally secures him the knighthood, but he remains unlucky in love, as the baron's daughter Gerzilda also shuns his hand. (This material first appeared as the short story "The Coronet".)
Next Eudoric pursues Maragda, daughter of Rainmar, a local robber baron who has been raiding his coach line. Rainmar tasks him with slaying the giant spider Fraka, and once again matters go awry. While Eudoric's knightly reputation and stage line prosper, his marriage prospects remain nil. (This material first appeared as the short story "Spider Love".)
The pattern is repeated when he is commissioned to capture a unicorn for his ultimate overlord Emperor Thorar IX of the New Napolitanian Empire, intended as a gift for the visiting Grand Cham Gzik of Pantorozia. The emperor's daughter Petrilla, smitten with Gzik, weds the Cham instead. (This material first appeared as the short story "Eudoric's Unicorn".)
Seeking to extend his stage line into Letitia, capital of the kingdom of Franconia that borders the empire to the west, his reputation for getting things done leads to him being deputed to rescue King Clothar's sister Yolanda, held captive in the rude neighboring realm of Armoria. There he is forced to save her from a sea monster and then wed her, after which he flees back to Franconia with his new bride. He finds her a less than congenial mate — Yolanda is both a control freak and an enchantress. Fighting with each other and dangers along the way, they encounter the restless ghost of a king cursed to endure eternal boredom in his tomb, an orthodox ogre who kills and eats those of the wrong faith, and the soldiers of the hostile duchy of Dorelia.
Nor are Eudoric's difficulties left behind on their return to Letitia. Mewed up as a prisoner in all but name in his princess bride's mansion by her supernatural servants, he soon discovers she is a female Bluebeard who regularly collects husbands and petrifies them as she tires of them. By calling on the aid of Dr. Tsudai, a Serican sorcerer whose life he had saved during his earlier stay in Letitia, Eudoric is ultimately successful in freeing his three predecessor-husbands from statuehood and escaping their lethal spouse.
Safe back in Locania, where his nuptials are not recognized, Eudoric receives a message from Yolanda pleading for him to return, as he is the only one of her husbands whose loss she regrets. He prudently ignores her letter, choosing instead to resume his courtship of his original intended, Lusina — she is also back, having grown disillusioned with her unreliable lover. Meanwhile, he and Dr. Baldonius hatch plans to incorporate his coach line as a limited liability company after the fashion of the hongs of Serica.
Setting.
"The Incorporated Knight" and its sequel "The Pixilated Peeress" are both set in the medieval era of an alternate world sharing the geography of our own, but in which a "Napolitanian" (Neapolitan) empire filled the role of Rome and no universal religion like Christianity ever arose, leaving its nations split among competing pagan sects. The New Napolitanian Empire, of which Eudoric is a subject, roughly corresponds to our world's Holy Roman Empire, or Germany, while Franconia and Armoria, the lands he visits to the west, are the equivalents of France and Brittany, respectively. The geography of more eastern regions such as Pathenia and Pantorozia are borrowed in part from the fanciful regions portrayed in "Mandeville's Travels"; the time-period corresponds to the historical 14th century. In keeping with the character of de Camp's fantasy world as a cognate of our own, its place names tend to echo those of the real world. Examples include Franconia, equating to France but derived from the historic German region of the same name; Armoria, based on Armorica, an ancient name for Brittany; Serica, an ancient name for China or Xinjiang; Sogrambrium, the capital of the New Napolitanian Empire, derived from the Sicrambri or Sugambri, an ancient Germanic tribe located on the east bank of the Rhine near the present border of Germany and the Netherlands; and Letitia, the capital of Franconia, a variation on Lutetia, the ancient name of Paris.
Reception.
Reviews were favorable. "Publishers Weekly", noting that "[t]he hallmark of Sprague de Camp's classic fantasy has been a wry humor as he asked commonsensical questions of the genre's imaginative but impractical motifs," called this book, "the adventures of ... a knight whose only goals are a wife and a decent living," "[m]inor de Camp but still most enjoyable," Jackie Cassada, writing for "Library Journal", praised its "doughty and resourceful hero and ... generous dollop of the de Camps' boisterous humor." Roland Green, in "The Booklist", called the book "a pleasant fantasy romp," noting that while it was "likely to be released in paperback in due time," its "high quality definitely makes [it] worth considering in hardcover."
The book was also reviewed by Trevin Matlock in "Locus" no. 320, September 1987, and Darrell Schweitzer in "Aboriginal Science Fiction", November–December 1987.
Relation to other works.
The main plot device of bickering male and female protagonists not destined for a happy ending together is featured in several late de Camp novels, notably "The Prisoner of Zhamanak" (1982), "The Bones of Zora" (1983), and "The Pixilated Peeress" (1991).

</doc>
<doc id="6917390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917390" title="Attack on Amon Hen">
Attack on Amon Hen



</doc>
<doc id="6917392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917392" title="Grosani">
Grosani



</doc>
<doc id="6917399" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917399" title="Witches' Brew">
Witches' Brew



</doc>
<doc id="6917401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917401" title="Grozavesti">
Grozavesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917402" title="Hemigaleidae">
Hemigaleidae

The weasel sharks are a family, the Hemigaleidae, of ground sharks found from the eastern Atlantic Ocean to the continental Indo-Pacific. They are found in shallow coastal waters to a depth of .
Most species are small, reaching no more than long, though the snaggletooth shark ("Hemipristis elongatus") may reach . They have horizontally oval eyes, small spiracles, and precaudal pits. Two dorsal fins occur with the base of the first placed well forward of the pelvic fins. The caudal fin has a strong ventral lobe and undulations on the dorsal lobe margin. They feed on a variety of small bony fishes and invertebrates; at least two species specialize on cephalopods. They are not known to have attacked people.
Genera and species.
The eight known species in this family are placed in four genera. "Hemipristis" is placed in the subfamily Hemipristinae, while "Chaenogaleus", "Hemigaleus", and "Paragaleus" are placed in the subfamily Hemigaleinae.
"Chaenogaleus".
This genus consists of a single species, the hooktooth shark, characterized by long, hooked teeth in the lower jaw and no toothless spaces at the midlines of the jaws. The gill slits are very long, the snout is wedge-shaped, and the fins are not falcate. Known fossil species include "C. affinis".
"Hemigaleus".
This genus is characterized by a rounded snout and short gill slits. The mouth is short and broadly arched; the teeth have very short cusps, without toothless spaces at the jaw midlines. The dorsal and pelvic fins, and the lower caudal lobe are strongly falchate. At one time or another, this genus has encompassed up to nine species, but most were eventually split off into other genera. "Neogaleus" Whitley, 1931 is a junior synonym of this genus.
"Hemipristis".
This genus contains a single extant species, the snaggletooth shark. It is distinguished by a rounded snout and very long gill slits. The mouth is long with toothless spaces at the midlines; the lower teeth have very long, strongly hooked cusps and protrude when the mouth is closed. The fins are strongly falchate. "Dirrhizodon" Kunzinger, 1871 and "Heterogaleus" Gohar &amp; Mazhar, 1964 are junior synonyms of this genus. Several fossil species are known, including "H. curvatus" and "H. serra"; in the Tertiary, this genus had a global distribution.
"Paragaleus".
This genus has a rounded or slightly pointed snout, short gill slits, and a broadly arched mouth. The upper teeth have long cusps, and no toothless spaces occur at the jaw midlines. The dorsal and pelvic fins and the lower caudal lobe are not falchate in shape. Known fossil species include "P. pulchellus" and "P. antunesi".

</doc>
<doc id="6917409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917409" title="Grozesti">
Grozesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917411" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917411" title="Gurbesti">
Gurbesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917415" title="Hagau">
Hagau



</doc>
<doc id="6917418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917418" title="Hanasesti">
Hanasesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917423" title="Songhai (album)">
Songhai (album)

Songhai is a fusion flamenco album by Spanish band Ketama, working in collaboration with Malian kora player Toumani Diabaté, British double bassist Danny Thompson, and other musicians.

</doc>
<doc id="6917426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917426" title="Hasdate">
Hasdate



</doc>
<doc id="6917430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917430" title="Hobita">
Hobita



</doc>
<doc id="6917439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917439" title="Hodis">
Hodis



</doc>
<doc id="6917443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917443" title="Large-flowered Calamint">
Large-flowered Calamint



</doc>
<doc id="6917444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917444" title="Futurama season 2">
Futurama season 2

The second season of "Futurama" began airing on November 21, 1999 and concluded after 19 episodes on December 3, 2000. Halfway through the season on February 6, 2000, Fox moved the show from its original timeslot of 8:30pm (following "The Simpsons") to 7pm. At this time, the show lost half of its viewers.
The original 72-episode run of "Futurama" was "produced" as four seasons; Fox "broadcast" the episodes out of the intended order, resulting in five aired seasons.
This list features the episodes in original "production order", as featured on the DVD box sets.
The full nineteen episodes of the season have been released on a box set called "Futurama: Volume Two", on DVD and VHS. It was first released in the United Kingdom on November 11, 2002, with releases in other regions in 2003. The season was re-released as "Futurama: Volume 2", with entirely different packaging to match the newer season released on July 17, 2012.
Episodes.
&lt;onlyinclude&gt;&lt;/onlyinclude&gt;
Critical reception.
Reception.
IGN gave the season a positive review of 9.0/10, "Amazing".
Nielsen ratings.
The season tied for 97th in the seasonal ratings with a 5.4% rating and 8.9% share. It tied with "King of the Hill".

</doc>
<doc id="6917447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917447" title="Hoisesti">
Hoisesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917452" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917452" title="Horodistea">
Horodistea



</doc>
<doc id="6917455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917455" title="Spiketv">
Spiketv



</doc>
<doc id="6917459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917459" title="Hotarani">
Hotarani



</doc>
<doc id="6917461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917461" title="Hemipristis elongata">
Hemipristis elongata



</doc>
<doc id="6917463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917463" title="Iacobesti">
Iacobesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917465" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917465" title="Calendula officianalis">
Calendula officianalis



</doc>
<doc id="6917466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917466" title="Shelt">
Shelt



</doc>
<doc id="6917469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917469" title="Hemipristis elongatus">
Hemipristis elongatus



</doc>
<doc id="6917470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917470" title="Ianculesti">
Ianculesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917471" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917471" title="SHCP">
SHCP

SHCP may mean: 

</doc>
<doc id="6917476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917476" title="Char G1">
Char G1

The Char G1 was a French replacement project for the Char D2 medium tank. Several prototypes from different companies were developed from 1936 onwards, but not a single one had been fully completed at the time of the Fall of France in 1940. The projects represented some of the most advanced French tank design of the period and finally envisaged a type that would have been roughly equal in armament and mobility to later World War II standard tanks of other nations, such as the Soviet T-34 and the American M4 Sherman, but possessing several novel features, such as gun stabilisation, a semi-automatic loader and an optical rangefinder.
Development.
The twenty tonne tank.
By 1935 the French Infantry had not yet developed a satisfactory medium tank. Whereas a reasonably effective heavy breakthrough tank was available, the Char B1, and several light infantry support tanks were on the brink of being taken into production – the Renault R35, Hotchkiss H35 and the FCM 36 – a good medium tank had still to be designed, as the Char D1 was a manifest failure and the Char D2 only a slight improvement over its ancestor. Such a medium tank was needed in a minimal number of 250 to serve in the planned organic tank battalion of the five Mechanised Infantry Divisions, the main Infantry force capable of executing strategic offensive or defensive movements. A good medium tank was already under development by the French Cavalry, the SOMUA S35, but the Infantry rejected this type, both because of technological reasons – its climbing capacity was limited – and because the Infantry wanted to assert its dominance over the Cavalry in the field of tank design.
On 18 December 1935 the first specifications were issued by the Infantry for a "Char Moyen d'Infanterie de 20 tonnes" ("twenty tonne medium infantry tank"). They called for a tank with a road speed of 50 km/h, an off-road speed of 20 km/h, a range of 400 kilometres, a trench crossing capacity of two metres, a wading capacity of 120 centimetres, a climbing capacity of eighty centimetres and 45° slope, a 47 mm gun and 7.5 mm machine-gun, an armour thickness of 40 mm, a gas-proof hull and the possession of a radio set. The weight limit of twenty metric tonnes was chosen because of railroad, bridge carrying and pontoon constraints. Overall these features were close to those of the SOMUA S35.
New specifications.
In May 1936, the "Conseil Consultatif de l'Armement" accordingly decided that French industry would be invited to initiate studies on the design of a tank having sufficient protection and armament to fight other armour, but light enough (twenty tons or less) to be both cheap and mobile. However, during this period, it began to be increasingly realised that the Char B1 was overly complex and expensive and two tonnes heavier than necessary because of using riveted armour plate instead of cast or welded armour. A twenty-tonne tank would be lighter, swifter, cheaper, more easily produced and require less training. It was therefore also decided that the new twenty-tonne tank should be able to serve as a future battle tank, eventually replacing the older heavy tank.
In October, a special commission revealed to the French industry the changed specifications for the "twenty tonne tank": a maximum speed of at least 40 km/h; a range of 200 km; a protection level equal to that of the Char B1 bis (i.e. 60 mm all around); a trench crossing capacity of 250 cm; a complete protection against gas attack; the dimensions should not impede rail transport and the armament should consist of a high-velocity gun capable of destroying all expected enemy medium tanks, combined with two machine guns.
The specifications implied that the vehicle would have been the most potent and modern French tank yet developed. It also entailed that its introduction would not take place in the near future, as it was simply too advanced. This way it was avoided that a decision would have to be reached about the future course the Infantry tank weapon should take. At the time, there were officers, like Charles de Gaulle, who proposed that the Infantry raise armoured divisions that were similar in organisation to the "Divisions Légères Mécaniques" of the French Cavalry or the German "Panzerdivisionen", i.e. balanced forces with much organic mechanised infantry and motorised artillery, that would be flexible enough to fulfill all possible tactical roles. Other officers however considered it redundant to imitate the cavalry and thought the infantry should stick to its proper task: the break-through only. Some of them wanted that the money to be spent on armoured divisions to instead go to the production of a sufficient number of light infantry tanks to give each division its own organic battalion, as the best way to ensure an effective execution of combined arms tactics. Some wanted only heavy tanks to be built. The Char G, mobile, but heavily armoured enough to function as a break-through tank, only made sense if German-style armoured divisions would be created and a definite decision about its production could only be made when the role-of-the-Infantry debate had produced a clear winner.
Despite this uncertainty about its future, the project generated enormous interest among French industrialists, as it had a real potential to become France's main AFV building programme, leading to large state investments that the industry badly needed during the period of the Great Depression. In late 1936 and early 1937, seven companies submitted plans: "Baudet-Donon-Roussel"; FCM; "Fouga"; Lorraine de Dietrich; Renault; "SEAM" and SOMUA. One company, "Batignolles", announced a plan, but did not actually submit one.
The commission issued its report on each proposal on 20 February 1937. For two of these, the report forms the main source of information because they would be discontinued within a year: the SOMUA design resembled a cross between the SOMUA S40 and the Sau 40 self-propelled gun; it was basically a SOMUA S35 with better climbing capacity. Of the FCM design no details are known but it seemed to have had the general outline of the FCM 36, though with its dimensions about 20% larger and equipped with a FCM F4 fortification turret.
Of the other proposals, those of "Baudet-Donon-Roussel", "Fouga" and Lorraine de Dietrich were being kept under consideration until further information could be provided about their feasibility. The SEAM and Renault projects were sufficiently advanced to approve the construction of a prototype of each. The last two firms' good contacts with the French military had allowed them to begin design work even before the specifications were officially revealed. In Renault's case, this advantage had turned into a disadvantage when in November the commission had decided that a hull-based 75 mm main armament was to be preferred on instigation of Prince André Poniatowski, head of a design bureau subcontracted by SEAM, whose proposal unsurprisingly had this feature. The SEAM prototype was to be delivered before 31 October 1937 at a price of 1.2 million French francs, twenty percent of which was advanced by the state.
The new demand for a 75 mm gun in the hull posed many problems for most contenders as in their first designs no room had been provided to mount such a large weapon; it would likely add a mass of two tonnes. The requirement for a 50% increase in armour protection caused another two-tonne weight rise. All designs on 20 February 1937 failed to meet the original twenty-tonne weight limit and were projected at 23–25 tonnes.
Renault's tank could easily be adapted, however, to hold a 75 mm gun in the turret. In 1936 Renault proposed this as an alternative, and it was well received. Encouraged by this, in 1937 he retook the initiative from Poniatowski by, through an intermediary, bribing a high-ranking officer of the "Direction de l'Infanterie"; the latter again manipulated the commission to change the design policy. He convinced the commission that a 75 mm gun in the turret should be not merely an option, but mandatory. This gave Renault an enormous advantage over all his rivals who now were forced to completely redesign their projects, leading to inevitable large and, as Renault hoped, perhaps fatal delays.
In late 1937, the project had been renamed Char G1 and all prototypes then authorised had received an official designation: "Lorraine": G1L; "Renault": G1R; "Baudet Donon Rousel": G1B, "Fouga": G1F and SEAM: G1P. The SOMUA and FCM projects were discontinued for being too vague or lacking innovation; also the production capacity of these two companies had already been directed to the manufacture of other types.
On 1 February 1938 the "Direction de l'Infanterie" issued new specifications, the third major change in the project concept: a maximum weight increased to 35 tonnes, necessitated by the fitting of an L/32 (32 caliber long) 75 mm gun in a turret.
These new demands caused most companies to slow the design process: they were unwilling to invest much money in an ever more complex system with uncertain prospects. Therefore, the French government ordered on 8 June 1938 that ARL military engineer Maurice Lavirotte be detached to guide their efforts, in order to speed the proceedings; if the companies could not obtain armour plate, they should be allowed to use boiler plate to construct prototypes. At that moment Renault was unable to give any indication about a possible production date; the Fouga and BDR projects seemed to become prohibitively heavy; SEAM thought to be able to commence manufacture in the middle of 1940 and Lorraine in 1941.
On 12 July 1938 a much more detailed list of specifications was given. In general they called for a tank that was to be powerfully armed, immune to standard anti-tank guns, and possessing an excellent tactical and strategic mobility. In detail they demanded a long high velocity semi-automatic 75 mm main armament; a 7.5mm machine-gun in the turret that could also serve as an AA-weapon; a machine-gun in the front of the hull or the turret; a minimal ammunition load of a hundred rounds for the gun and thirty magazines for the machine-gun; an empty weight of thirty and a combat weight of thirty-two tonnes. The engine was to be able to be both electrically and manually started, and the tracks were to be fully accessible. An on-road speed capability was required of 40 km/h maximum and 30 km/h average over a long journey, with an off-road capability of 20 km/h. Two fuel tanks were to allow a range of two hundred kilometres or eight hours off-road. The climbing capacity was to be ninety centimetres and 85% on a solid or 65% on a wet slope. The trench-crossing capacity was to be 250 centimetres and the wading capacity, 120 centimetres. For the first time, dimensional limits were included: the width was not to exceed 294 centimetres to facilitate rail transport, and the absolute height of the fighting compartment was not to exceed 120 cm, but yet be sufficient to hold a side-door.
As regards specifications for the gas-tight armour, the required thickness remained at sixty millimetres, but a requirement was added that appliqué armour construction techniques not be used, along with a detail requirement that the armour could be cast – with the sections connected by bolts or, preferably, gudgeons – or electrically welded. A requirement that automatic fire-extinguishers be present also was added.
The crew was to have advanced vision and fire-control equipment. The cupola, armed with the secondary 7.5 mm machine gun, was to have a large episcope to which the main turret was to be slaved, allowing the commander to lay the 75 mm gun on the target himself, allowing for the possibility that the commander would double as gunner. The cupola also was to be fitted with an optical telemetric rangefinder. The main gun was to be an L/32 75 mm gun, providing, despite its limited caliber-length compared to anticipated comparable AFV main weapons of other major military powers, a good muzzle velocity through the use of Brandt tungsten armour-piercing subcalibre ammunition.
None of the projects in the summer of 1938 could meet these specifications without a fundamental redesign.
Char G1P.
The Char G1P, put forth by SEAM ("Société d'Études et d'Applications Mécaniques"), had received its designation letter P because Poniatowski had designed it. SEAM was the only company whose project was sufficiently advanced – due to it being informed in advance of the first specifications of 1935 – to present an actual prototype to the "Commission de Vincennes", early in the night of 3 December 1936, albeit in an unfinished state. Despite having neither the intended engine nor any armament fixed (a bell-shaped dummy turret with large glass windows was placed on the turret ring), the vehicle already weighed 23 metric tonnes, confirming the prediction of a study made by the army workshop, the "Atelier de Rueil" (ARL), that it would be impossible for a tank to meet the required specifications within even a 28 tonne limit. Instead of the intended 12 CV 280 hp engine a Hispano 6 CV engine of 120 hp had been utilised. Although a petro-electric transmission system was used, theoretically leading to a higher effective power output, tests performed between 3 and 10 December showed that the maximum speed was, as could be expected from the weak provisional engine, a disappointing fourteen km/h on the road, and ten km/h in terrain. The transmission alone weighed 2.4 tonnes, 1.5 tonnes heavier than a traditional mechanical system. Steering was easy though, and unlike most other petro-electrical systems it performed without reliability problems. The vehicle made extensive use of smoothly curved cast sloped armour. There was room in the right side of the hull for a 75 mm main gun. There was to be a crew of four: a commander (also manning a machine gun turret), a driver, a gunner and a radio-operator. The length was 557 cm.
The commission decided that, given the unfinished state of the project, no definitive decisions could be made. SEAM was invited to improve the prototype by lengthening the hull, fitting a more supple suspension, and moving the fire-proof bulkhead 95 mm to the back to enlarge the fighting compartment, creating more room to operate the 75 mm gun.
On 6 June 1937, the project was considered by the "Conseil Supérieur de la Guerre" as a possible battle tank to equip the future "Divisions Cuirassées", the armoured divisions of the Infantry. During 1937 and 1938, the company rebuilt the vehicle, changing the suspension and cooperating with ARL to install a 280 hp Hispano-Suiza engine. Pictures show this rebuilt design had six large road wheels per side. Besides the hull armament, the placement of an APX4 turret, armed with a 47 mm SA35 gun, was ordered by the commission on 24 May 1938, together with the placement of a radio set. The dimensions of the prototype were also slightly changed: the width decreased from 2.94 m to 2.92 m and the height from 2,76 to 2.73. The larger turret was partly compensated by decreasing hull height from 183 to 174 cm.
In early 1939, the commission still was considering whether to order about 250 vehicles. During this time SEAM experienced severe financial difficulties, however. When in July 1938 new specifications called for a main 75 mm armament in the turret, the company was unable to finance a completely redesigned vehicle; the existing prototype could not easily be adapted and its transmission had already shown to be overloaded by earlier weight increases. The company appealed to the ARL workshop to assist, and the "Conseil Consultatif de l'Armement" ordered on 19 January that ARL should comply, and SEAM transferred the prototype ARL for installation of an ARL 3 turret on a widened superstructure. When war broke out on 10 September 1939, this development was suspended. On 22 December 1939 it was restarted but merely as a technology demonstrator; at the time of the Fall of France the vehicle was still unfinished and without turret, though it was the only offshoot of the Char G1 project to near completion or even to be in a running condition.
Char G1F.
In late 1937, "Fouga" had not yet submitted a definite proposal. Its initial project, no drawings of which have survived, proposed a system in which the hull gun was traversed by slewing the entire vehicle, just as with the Char B1, but instead of the expensive Naeder transmission as used in the B1 a British Wilson gear box was planned. Another difference from competing designs was that the track return run was low. The commission rejected the use of a Carden-Loyd track, judging it to be too weak. Nevertheless, Fouga obtained an order for the production of a prototype. In 1938 it was estimated that the weight would rise to 35 tonnes if a 75 mm turret was added. During 1939 the development was terminated, perhaps somewhat earlier than the other projects.
Char G1B.
"Baudet-Donon-Roussel" proposed to build a tank with the general outlines of the Char B1, including a high return track run, but with seven road wheels per side that unlike the B1 did not require a daily greasing, instead using sealed ball-bearings. The track was to have a continuous rubber (Pendelastic) inner lining. The project was to have the following dimensions: a length of 556 cm; a width of 280 cm and a height of 285 cm. It thus was the largest and heaviest of all proposals with a weight of 28.5 tonnes. Track width was to be 35 cm. The normal wading capacity was to be 145 cm; BDR thought it also possible to make the tank fully immersible to cross rivers while being guided from the river bank. It was planned to install an air-cooled Potez 12V 320 hp engine, placed transversely in the hull. The transmission was petro-electrical and of the Gebus-Roussin type. The fuel tank was to have a capacity of 520 litres. The armament was to consist of a 75 mm SA35 howitzer in the hull with 70 rounds. In the 1937 configuration, the tank was to have an APX4 turret with a 47 mm SA35 gun with 102 rounds. As the hull was wide enough to place the 75 mm gun in its middle, the turret should have been moved to the left, but this was forgotten in the proposal, as the commission pointed out.
When the commission issued its changed specifications calling for a 75 mm main gun in a turret, the BDR project threatened to become much too heavy as the hull was already so large. The commission in the summer of 1938 urged BDR to remedy this somehow, but the problem proved to be insurmountable. A proposal to install a more powerful 350 hp Renault engine only partly compensated for a drop in mobility due to the weight increase. It transpired on 13 April 1939 that the intended ARL3 turret, bringing the proposed tank's height to 325 cm, could not be fitted without making the design too wide for rail transport, and further that the weight, now projected at 37.5 metric tonnes, would exceed pontoon limits. The BDR project was suspended on 10 September 1939, even though a prototype had been ordered in March 1939 by the Ministry of Defence. A wooden mock-up was all that was finished – and even that could not be shown to the commission because it was for security reasons constructed in an enclosed room lacking a sufficiently large exit; no complete prototype was ever built. However, from the Char G1 B project the ARL 40 assault gun project subsequently was developed.
Char G1L.
The project of "Lorraine de Dietrich" was based on its 1933 design for a light infantry tank. It was low and long with an excellent trench crossing capacity. This however implied there was no room for a 75 mm hull-based gun; its calibre was reduced to 47 mm, which seemed redundant given that it also had a 47 mm gun in an APX4 turret. The track was that of Carden-Loyd and considered too weak by the commission, as with the G1F project. Similarly the initial proposal to fit a Cleveland transmission was seen by the commission as unsuitable, and it was replaced by a Cotal. The planned engine was a Hispano-Suiza of 230 hp. The length was to be 550 cm, and the width was to be 250 cm.
The project differed from most of the others in using several welded steel plate sections in addition to cast armour. In 1937 it became clear that the quality of cast armour was difficult to control and that limited production facilities, combined with the fact that many other French tanks used cast armour sections also, would restrict production. Also the Lorraine tank's electromechanical transmission was less of a development hazard; its suspension was that of the Lorraine 37L tractor and thus already in mass production. At the same time international tensions continued to rise; to have a modern type ready for introduction seemed a matter of simple precaution. As a result, in late 1937 the project was accepted for service and "Lorraine" was granted a full development contract for 2.6 million francs, with a prototype to be delivered before the end of 1938.
In the summer of 1938 a plain steel mock-up was ready; the company predicted production could start in 1941. However, the specification changes of 1939 disrupted this plan. When the design of the Char G1L was changed to fit a 75 mm gun turret, the projected weight increased to 36 tonnes. Even the first proposal had had an estimated empty hull weight of 16 tonnes. To compensate for the greater weight, a more powerful Panhard engine of 450 hp was planned; however to accommodate this larger, more powerful engine the engine deck had to be raised so high that it would impede a full rotation of the heavier FCM turret. With the engine mounting and turret mounting changes the tank height would be 290 cm. Also the suspension elements threatened to be overloaded; the track ground-pressure was, at six kilogramme per square centimetre, three times the maximum allowed by the specification. In early 1939, Lorraine tried to keep the project viable by creating a turret derived from the ARL 3 type, as not a single ARL 3 turret had yet be constructed, even as a mock-up. This Lorraine turret was somewhat lower, helping with the overall height; however, the new turret's decreased height resulted in a limited depression of the gun. On 13 April 1939, the commission recommended that the G1L project be abandoned, but this was refused by the ministry of defence. On 10 September, after the outbreak of war, it was finally suspended.
Char G1R.
Louis Renault was very interested in the programme as it on the one hand threatened to compete with his own Char D2 – and the Char B1 in the production of which he had a large stake – and on the other hand offered an opportunity to repair his reputation as France's most prominent tank producer, that had been damaged by the failing AMC 34 and AMC 35 projects and complaints about the reliability of his other types.
Renault submitted its initial proposal to the commission on 10 December 1936, soon after the nationalization of the military branch of the company and renaming of that factory to AMX. This did not stop Louis Renault from remaining very active on the field of military design and production though, using the remainder of his company and competing or cooperating with AMX as he saw fit. Quickly a wooden mock-up was finished of the Renault version of the Char G; the project had the factory designation Renault ACK1. The designation merely indicated the chronological order of Renault's military prototypes, and had no further meaning.
Renault's initial proposal was based on the Renault ZM, or Renault R35. It had a similar smooth curved cast hull to that of the light infantry tank but was much wider and had six road wheels and double tracks per side – to avoid having to design a new broad track. It had a modern torsion bar suspension and, like the originally proposed G1L, a (rather outdated) Cleveland transmission. The suspension protection plates formed an integral part with the hull's main armour.
The hull was crowned by a flat-domed cast superstructure that superficially resembled a circular conventional turret. In reality however it was at first planned to be fixed; the 47 mm gun was supposed to traverse through a horizontal slit like in a pill-box, rotating on a pivot fixed to the hull floor, a proposal made by Colonel Balland. In a second version of this design by engineer Jean Restany, the "pseudo-turret" was traversable, but simply carried along by the electrically driven gun-mount; the turret therefore would not have to be equipped with a heavy gun-mantlet and, not bearing the weight of the armament, could be much lighter. On the right side of the superstructure a vertical cylinder protruded, on top of which a small rotating commander's cupola was fitted, that was armed with dual co-axial machine guns. The superstructure, with the commander/gunner on the right and the loader on the left, had sufficient room to hold a Schneider 47 mm antitank gun that was much more powerful than the shorter 47 mm SA 35 gun equipping the standard APX1 and APX4 turrets. Expecting that this superior firepower would give his design a clear advantage leading to a quick production contract, as had so often happened in the past, Renault was unpleasantly surprised when lobbying by Poniatowski contributed to a change in specifications to the effect that a 75 mm gun had to be carried in the hull. The ACK1 hull was simply too flat for this. To save his project Renault started a strong counter-lobby. Part of this was proposing, already on 10 December 1936, that as an alternative option the turret should hold a longer (at least L/29) main 75 mm armament. It was also claimed that the weight of the projects, 24 tonnes, could be reduced to 19.6 tonnes by limiting the armament to a single gun.
The commission in 1937 was hesitant about the torsion-bar suspension, and rejected the Cleveland transmission and double-track feature. It also concluded that weight would be at least 25 tonnes. Nevertheless, an order for a prototype was made, in view of the innovative armament mounting.
The specification change of 1 February 1938 was much in favour of Renault, as the other companies needed a very fundamental redesign of their projects to meet the new demands, whereas the ACK1 with its broad fighting compartment could easily accommodate a wide turret as it was. Renault also promised that his tank could be taken into production in 1940, a year earlier than the Char G1L, so the latter project could be replaced by his Char G1R as the main development type.
At this moment however it was recognized by the commission that the weight estimate earlier made by the bribed Infantry officer had been a deliberate falsehood and that the best that could be expected was 28 tonnes. Also the claimed first production date, that had already led to a limiting of Char B1 bis orders, later was proven to be wildly optimistic. In April 1938 Renault claimed that weight could be saved by retaining the torsion-bar suspension, limiting the crew to four and keeping the ammunition load to its bare minimum. The commission decided however to bring the weight limit of the project to thirty tonnes, as this was in line with the other projects and the planned inner hull side armour (located behind fifty millimetres external suspension protection plates) of ten millimetres was deemed too thin. The weight advantage in relation to the rival designs thus largely disappeared.
In the summer of 1938 a further problem for the Renault design materialised in that a new demand was made that the turret should hold a stabilised gun and a telemetric rangefinder, features to which the cast turret could not be easily adapted. As the 2.5 tonne pseudo-turret was moved about by the gun barrel, its momentum tended to disturb the sight-laying. This problem was solved in 1939 with the help of APX, which designed a system in which the vertical axis of the gun mount was directly connected to the turret roof. At the same time the troublesome Cleveland transmission was abandoned. Overall the Renault design process in the years 1938 and 1939 was very slow.
On 10 September 1939 the Char G1R was the only one of the projects that was to be further developed, probably because the Renault company was exceptional in having reserve production capacity left.
Turret design.
In France during the 1930s, tank turrets were generally designed separately from tank hulls, to serve as standard types applicable to many different vehicles. On 1 June 1938 the commission determined that three teams, those of ARL, FCM and Renault, were in the process of developing new turrets capable of being fitted on the Char G1 under the new specifications. These were invited to make the necessary changes and research existing or new sufficiently-high-velocity 75 mm guns.
In July 1939 ARL was developing prototypes of both a turret, the 5.7 tonne ARL 3 fitted with a turret-basket and having a turret ring diameter of 188 cm, and a gun, also in the context of the FCM F1 project. FCM was considering use of a revised 7.5 tonne version of the welded octagonal auxiliary turret of the heavy FCM F1, to be equipped with an advanced semi-automatic loader and having a turret ring diameter of 185 cm. As a fallback plan, FCM also was considering the use of the similarly octagonal and welded F4 turret, developed from that of the Char 2C and equipped with the standard 75 mm field gun.
Tactical function.
As of the 1939 specifications, the goal of the Char G1 project was no longer to provide tanks to be employed in organic infantry division battalions. For this "Char d'accompagnement" role the AMX 38 – with its twenty tonne weight and 47 mm armament indeed very close to the earlier "twenty tonne tank" concept – was now planned. Nor was the Char G1 to replace the Char B1, as the threat of imminent war had dictated that most production capacity was to be used to increase the manufacture of existing types. In fact no official policy regarding the tactical function of some future Char G1 had been formulated. From a strategic point of view the only justified employment was during the third phase of the planned offensive campaign to defeat Germany: after the enemy was contained in 1940 with the help of the existing tank types, and the "Westwall" would have been either outflanked or broken in 1941 by the superheavy FCM F1, in 1942 or 1943 deep strategic exploitation by the new technologically superior Char G1 would have brought final victory.
Char Futur.
When in September 1939 war broke out, all tank design policies were affected. On 15 December the Inspectorate of Tanks decided that war production should be limited to existing types with the exception of three precisely circumscribed classes: the "Char d'Accompagnement", a new medium infantry tank; the "Char de Bataille", a new heavy tank; and the "Char de Fortification", a superheavy tank. A new Commission of Tank Study was created to study these three types; it first met on 28 February 1940. The commission decided that the "Char d'Accompagnement" would need a 47 mm gun in a turret and the "Char de Bataille" at least a 90 mm gun in the hull. The Char G1, being in between the two classes, thus would not be produced.
Of course, Louis Renault did his best to overturn this decision. On 1 April 1940 a subcommission received Renault's head engineer Serre, who argued it would be folly to discontinue the Char G1 project as it was so near fruition. The first armour set would be manufactured by "Schneider" in July 1940, the suspension and gearbox were almost finished, and a new 350 hp engine was being tested. (He didn't mention this had met much resistance from Louis Renault, who thought the existing engine used in the Char B1 was sufficient, if uprated.) The weight would be lower than 35 tonnes, perhaps as low as 32 tonnes. All theoretical studies could be completed in May and the first vehicle in September. This Commission, not as easily swayed as the previous one as the manipulation by Renault had become known, answered that the prototype could of course be finished as ordered, but that production of the type, despite its interesting advanced technological features, was excluded. The armistice of June 1940 ended all development.
However, in 2008 French armour historian Stéphane Ferrard proposed an alternative interpretation, arguing that the fact that the Renault project was singled out for continued development shows that, had the disruptive course of events not prevented it, very likely the Char G1R would have been taken into production anyway, probably with the ARL 3 turret and a 400 hp engine. Further logical improvement steps would then have been the fitting of the three-man ARL 42 turret, followed by the change to an L/40 75 mm gun, resulting for 1942 in a tank type that would have been comparable in armament and mobility to actually built medium tanks of that date, such as the Soviet T-34 and American M4 Sherman, but with more technologically advanced features, like a range finder and gun stabilisation, foreshadowing the postwar AMX 30.

</doc>
<doc id="6917480" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917480" title="Ibanesti">
Ibanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917482" title="Icuseni">
Icuseni



</doc>
<doc id="6917488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917488" title="Acquarossa, Switzerland">
Acquarossa, Switzerland

Acquarossa is the capital of the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
The municipality was created on 4 April 2004 by a merger of Castro, Corzoneso, Dongio, Largario, Leontica, Lottigna, Ponto Valentino and Prugiasco. The village Acquarossa was located in Lottigna. The name of the new community was selected from the one located at its centre: Acquarossa, a tourist resort.
History.
Castro is first mentioned in 1200 as "Castri". Corzoneso is first mentioned in 1210 as "Cursonexe". Dongio is first mentioned in 1188 as "Deuci". Largario is first mentioned in 1207 as "Largario". Leontica is first mentioned in 1204 as "Levontega". Lottigna is first mentioned in 1201 as "Lotingnia". Ponto Valentino is first mentioned in 1200 as "Ponto Varentino". In German it was known as "Punt". Prugiasco is first mentioned in 1209 as "Puliçasco" and it was mentioned in 1409 as "Pruxiascho".
Between 1906 and 1973, Acquarossa was linked to Biasca, and its station on the Gotthard railway, by the metre gauge Biasca–Acquarossa railway.
Geography.
Acquarossa is located in the Blenio Valley. The surrounding communities are, starting North, following the hands of a watch: Olivone, Aquila, Torre, Malvaglia and Ludiano, as well as Sobrio, Cavagnago, Anzonico and Faido in the district of the Leventina.
Demographics.
Acquarossa has a population () of . , 10.4% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 2.4%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian (88.1%), with German being second most common ( 7.0%) and Albanian being third ( 1.6%). , the gender distribution of the population was 49.4% male and 50.6% female. The population was made up of 805 Swiss men (43.7% of the population), and 104 (5.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 851 Swiss women (46.2%), and 81 (4.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 7 live births to Swiss citizens and births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 23 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 16 while the foreign population decreased by 1. There was 1 Swiss man and 3 Swiss women who emigrated from Switzerland. At the same time, there were 2 non-Swiss men and 5 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 13 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of -0.8%.
The age distribution, , in Acquarossa is; 153 children or 8.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 204 teenagers or 11.1% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 176 people or 9.6% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 218 people or 11.8% are between 30 and 39, 282 people or 15.3% are between 40 and 49, and 209 people or 11.4% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 246 people or 13.4% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 178 people or 9.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 175 people or 9.5% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.54 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 63.8% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 730 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.12%. , the construction rate of new housing units was 3.2 new units per 1000 residents.
Election.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 36.35% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (25.24%), the Ticino League (15.35%) and the SP (13.48%). In the federal election, a total of 555 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 38.9%.
In the "Ticino Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,446 registered voters in Acquarossa, of which 771 or 53.3% voted. 14 blank ballots and 1 null ballots were cast, leaving 756 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 196 or 25.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 151 or 20.0%), the SSI (with 131 or 17.3%) and the LEGA (with 127 or 16.8%).
In the "Ticino Consiglio di Stato" election, there were 6 blank ballots and 1 null ballots, which left 764 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 198 or 25.9% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 173 or 22.6%), the PLRT (with 143 or 18.7%) and the PS (with 121 or 15.8%).
Education.
In Acquarossa about 64.3% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a "Fachhochschule").
In Acquarossa there are a total of 305 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Acquarossa there are 36 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 93 students attend the standard primary schools and 4 students attend the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There are 87 students in the two-year middle school and in their pre-apprenticeship, while 20 students are in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There are 11 vocational students who are attending school full-time and 47 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There are 7 students in the professional program.
Employment.
Watchmaking workshops and small watch companies, e.g. Adriatica in Dongio, provide jobs to a good part of the population.
, Acquarossa had an unemployment rate of 3.13%. , there were 99 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 43 businesses involved in this sector. 155 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 27 businesses in this sector. 472 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 62 businesses in this sector.
Of the working population, 4.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 65% used a private car.
, there were 3 hotels in Acquarossa.
Places of interest.
Well above Prugiasco stands the Romanesque church of San Carlo di Negrentino (up to 1702: cant "Sant' Ambrogio"), begun in the 11th century and completed in the 12th. It is noted for its Romanesque and Gothic frescoes.
International relations.
Acquarossa is twinned with the following cities (date of agreement shown in parentheses).
Historical Population.
The historical population is given in the following table:

</doc>
<doc id="6917489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917489" title="Sacred Heart Cathedral Prep">
Sacred Heart Cathedral Prep



</doc>
<doc id="6917493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917493" title="Igesti">
Igesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917495" title="Jacks (band)">
Jacks (band)

Jacks were a 1960s Japanese psychedelic rock group who released their best known studio album "Vacant World" in 1968.
History.
The Jacks, originally known as "Nightingale", began their career in 1966 as a folk trio. After jazz drummer Takasuke Kida joined the group they headed into a new musical direction. "Vacant World", released in 1968 as "Karappo No Sekai" ["Vacant World"] or "Jacks no Sekai" ["Jacks' World"] in Japanese, is widely seen as one of the most important Japanese albums. The song "Vacant World" (or "Karappo no Sekai" in Japanese) was famously banned from Japanese airwaves due to lyrical content. The Jacks' musical legacy has carried on in Japan despite the fact that their career was quite short, disbanding shortly before the release of their second studio album "Super Session" ("Jacks No Kiseki" in Japanese).
After the breakup of Jacks, singer Yoshio Hayakawa released one acclaimed solo album before retiring from music, only to reemerge again as a solo artist during the 1990s. Drummer Takasuke Kida died in a car accident in 1980.
Musical style.
Jacks played in a distinct musical style fused with ambient psychedelic, surf, folk and jazz. The group had a dark, introspective sound with an exploratory, improvisational edge and sometimes headed into moody instrumental excursions. The Jacks typically employed reverb, tremolo and subtle fuzz-guitar and also utilized the vibraphone, organ and wind instruments such as the flute. Lead singer Yoshio Hayakawa sung in Japanese and typically ranged from a low, calm and tranquil voice to throaty, desperate sounding wails. Similarly, drummer Takasuke Kida would follow suit, going from subtle jazzy sounding fills to complicated, offbeat rhythms and manic cymbal crashes.
Discography.
Albums.
"Vacant World" and "Super Session" are in print by EMI Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="6917500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917500" title="Iliesi">
Iliesi



</doc>
<doc id="6917503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917503" title="Kranaia">
Kranaia

Kranaia was one of the provinces of Cephalonia Prefecture of Greece. Its territory corresponded with that of the current municipal units Argostoli, Eleios-Pronnoi, Leivathos and Omala. Its seat was the town Argostoli. It was abolished in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6917508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917508" title="Iliesti">
Iliesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917509" title="2006 FIVB World Championship">
2006 FIVB World Championship



</doc>
<doc id="6917511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917511" title="Ilisua">
Ilisua



</doc>
<doc id="6917512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917512" title="Kurtuluş (steamer)">
Kurtuluş (steamer)



</doc>
<doc id="6917515" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917515" title="The Workers Party">
The Workers Party



</doc>
<doc id="6917520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917520" title="Tommy Johnson (footballer, born 1971)">
Tommy Johnson (footballer, born 1971)

Thomas Johnson (born 15 January 1971) is an English football coach and former professional footballer.
As a player, he was a striker notably in the Premier League for Aston Villa and Everton and in the Scottish Premier League for Celtic and Kilmarnock. He also played in the Football League for Notts County, Derby County, Sheffield Wednesday, Gillingham, Sheffield United and Scunthorpe United, before finishing his career in non-League football with Tamworth and Rocester. He was capped seven times by England U21 scoring twice.
Since retirement, he was worked on the coaching staff at Notts County, Northern Ireland U23s as well as working for Cardiff City as a club scout. He is currently coaching assistant for the Northern Ireland national team.
Early life.
Johnson was born in Gateshead, England.
Playing career.
Notts County.
Johnson started his career with Notts County in the summer of 1987, joining them as an apprentice on leaving school. He was a first-team regular and a professional by the end of the decade, when still only 18 years old, and his prolific goalscoring saw County reach the First Division in 1991 after two successive promotion playoff triumphs. However, County lasted just one season in the top flight and missed out on a place in the new Premier League that came into force for the 1992–93 season. Johnson had played 118 league games for the Magpies, scoring 47 goals – his best season being the 1989–90 campaign which saw them win promotion from the Third Division via the playoffs.
Derby County.
During the second half of the 1991–92 season, Johnson left Meadow Lane and moved down a division to ambitious Derby County, who then narrowly missed out on a Premier League place in the playoffs, in a £1.3 million deal. He helped them reach the new Division One playoff final in 1993–94, but Derby lost 2–1 to local rivals Leicester City with Johnson scoring their only goal, and in early 1995, Johnson finally made his Premier League debut with a move to Aston Villa. His spell at the Baseball Ground had brought 30 goals from 98 league games. He was one of Brian Little's first signings for Villa.
Aston Villa.
On his arrival at Villa Park, Johnson displaced Dalian Atkinson as strike-partner to Dean Saunders, and his future at the highest level looked promising as he scored four goals in 14 league games to help Villa stay in the Premier League. It was a trying season for the midlanders, and Johnson was part of Little's extensive rebuilding scheme which saw many of the fading stars who had been bought by his predecessor Ron Atkinson replaced by younger players. Villa finished one place above the relegation zone, having finished one place short of the league title two seasons earlier.
The close season saw Atkinson and Saunders leave the club, and manager Little brought in Serbian striker Savo Milosevic. However, the greatest threat to Johnson's first-team chances was Dwight Yorke, who had been at the club since 1989 but until then had often been fielded as a winger rather than an out-and-out striker. As Yorke established himself as a centre-forward, Johnson's first-team chances became limited, although he did collect a League Cup winner's medal on 24 March 1996 as Villa triumphed 3–0 over Leeds United at Wembley. He managed five goals in 23 appearances for a Villa side who finished fourth in the Premier League and also reached the FA Cup semi finals, being in with a faint hope of a unique domestic treble until the final quarter of the season.
Celtic.
In 1996–97, Johnson was still unable to displace Yorke or Milosevic, managing just 20 league games and four goals, before he joined Scottish giants Celtic for £2.4million on 27 March 1997 – transfer deadline day.
Despite seeing his career at the Hoops plagued by injury, he enjoyed some success at Celtic Park, including scoring the goal that won the 2000–01 Scottish Premier League title (as the Bhoys won the Scottish domestic treble), and scoring in the 2000 Scottish League Cup final win over Aberdeen. He had also collected a title medal in 1997–98. At Celtic, he played under managers Tommy Burns, 
Wim Jansen, Jozef Venglos, John Barnes, Kenny Dalglish and finally Martin O'Neill, but managed just 35 league games and scored 18 goals.
During his time at Celtic, Johnson was briefly loaned out to Everton in the autumn of 1999, where he played three times in the Premier League but failed to score.
Later career.
On leaving Celtic, Johnson had a brief spell with Sheffield Wednesday before returning to Scotland to join Kilmarnock for a similarly brief spell, and then signed for Gillingham in December 2001. After two seasons at Gillingham, Johnson joined Sheffield United. He only made one appearance at the club before moving on to Scunthorpe United, where injuries once again dented his chances of success. He scored three goals during his spell at Scunthorpe, with strikes against Bury in the FA Cup, Halifax Town in the Football League Trophy and Chesterfield in the league.
During his time at Scunthorpe United he was loaned out to Tamworth, finally joining them on a permanent contract and staying there until the summer of 2006.
On 10 September 2006 he signed for Midland Football Alliance club Rocester.
Coaching career.
Johnson re-joined Notts County as part of the coaching staff under the management of Ian McParland on 1 November 2007. Just two games into Paul Ince's management in November 2010, Johnson parted company with the club.
In October 2019 he became Blackpool's head of recruitment having also coached Northern Ireland's Under 23s and scouted for Cardiff City.
Honours.
Aston Villa
Celtic

</doc>
<doc id="6917521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917521" title="Will Haining">
Will Haining

William Wallace Haining (born 2 October 1982) is a Scottish retired footballer.
He started his career in the youth team at Oldham Athletic, breaking into the first team in 2001. After six years with Oldham's first team he signed for St Mirren in the Scottish Premier League where he spent two years, returning to England in 2009 to sign for Morecambe. Whilst at Morecambe he had a loan spell at Fleetwood Town. Following his release from the League Two side, where he was club captain, he signed for Hyde.
Career.
Oldham Athletic.
Born in Glasgow, Scotland, Haining started his career in England at Oldham Athletic. He made his first-team debut as an 88th-minute substitute on 26 December 2001 in a 2–0 win over Blackpool at Bloomfield Road. After two further brief substitute appearances in wins over Northampton Town and Stoke City, he made his full debut on 20 April 2002 in a 1–0 win over Queens Park Rangers at Boundary Park. The following season he became a regular in the side, scoring his first goal on 7 December 2002 as "the Latics" lost at home to Cheltenham Town in the second round of the FA Cup. His first league goal came 19 days later on 26 December in a 1–1 home draw with Blackpool.
His final appearance for the club was against Blackpool in the second leg of the 2006–07 League One play-off semi-final which "the Latics" lost 3–1. He made a total of 180 appearances in six years with "the Latics", scoring 12 goals.
St Mirren.
On 28 June 2007 Haining joined Scottish Premier League club St Mirren on a free transfer. He made his debut on 4 August in a 1–0 defeat to Motherwell at Love Street. His first, and ultimately only, goal was a 90th-minute winner on 3 May 2008 in a 1–0 home win over Kilmarnock. He made a total of 35 appearances in the 2007–08 season as "the Buddies" finished in 10th place in the Scottish Premier League.
In December 2008. Haining tore a muscle in his foot and had to wear a medical support boot for four weeks. He was out of action for three months, returning on 28 February 2009 in a 7–0 defeat to Celtic at Celtic Park.
He made a total of 23 appearances in the 2008–09 season as St Mirren finished in 11th place, avoiding relegation to the First Division on goal difference. His contract was not renewed at the end of the season and he left "the Buddies" when his contract expired on 30 June 2009. He made a total of 58 appearances for "the Buddies", scoring one goal.
In July 2009 he joined English Championship side Blackpool on trial.
Morecambe.
Haining joined Morecambe on a two-year deal on 7 August 2009. His debut was in the 2–2 draw with Hereford United the following day. He has also had a seven-game loan spell at Fleetwood in the Conference. On 5 August he was made captain by new boss Jim Bentley. He was released in the summer of 2013 due to budget constraints.
Hyde.
On 1 August 2013, he signed for Conference Premier side Hyde on a one-year deal. He made his debut for the club on 10 August 2013, in Hyde's opening day 8–0 defeat to Forest Green Rovers.
Ashton United.
Haining joined Ashton United in June 2015. In September 2016, Haining was appointed joint-manager alongside Jody Banim. In April 2017 it was reported, that Haining had resigned from the position and decided to take a break from football.
Personal life.
Haining became engaged to English glamour model Michelle Marsh on Valentine's Day 2005. The couple married on 2 June 2007 at Auchen Castle Hotel in Scotland. They have three children.

</doc>
<doc id="6917523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917523" title="Incesti">
Incesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917524" title="Ion Duca">
Ion Duca



</doc>
<doc id="6917525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917525" title="United States Penitentiary, Terre Haute">
United States Penitentiary, Terre Haute

The United States Penitentiary, Terre Haute (USP Terre Haute) is a high-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Terre Haute, Indiana. It is part of the Federal Correctional Complex, Terre Haute (FCC Terre Haute) and is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. USP Terre Haute houses a Special Confinement Unit for male federal inmates who have been sentenced to death as well as the federal execution chamber. Most inmates sentenced to death by the U.S. federal government are housed in USP Terre Haute prior to execution.
FCC Terre Haute is located in the city of Terre Haute, west of Indianapolis.
History.
A new United States penitentiary was authorized by President of the United States Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1938 and established in Terre Haute, Indiana, in 1940 on of land. The opening of the prison in this city was partly due to heavy promotion by Terre Haute's Chamber of Commerce, which eventually went on to raise $50,000 to pay for the property on which the prison was built. The residents of Terre Haute initially embraced the prison due to the impression that it would provide jobs to local residents in addition to helping Terre Haute's economy while only housing non-violent offenders. E.B. Swope was the prison's first warden.
The U.S. Public Works Administration issued a $3 million grant to pay for construction of USP Terre Haute in 1938. Construction cost of the institution at the time that it was built was $2,150,000. The architectural design of the prison is a modified telephone pole design with all housing and other facilities opening onto a long central corridor. It was the first penitentiary for adult felons ever to be constructed without a wall. In 2004, the new USP was built on adjoining property, with the old penitentiary becoming the medium-security Federal Correctional Institution, Terre Haute.
USP Terre Haute was one of the first federal prisons to emphasize rehabilitation by providing psychological and psychiatric treatment, referring to prisoners by names as opposed to numbers, and allowing prisoners to talk during meals instead of eating in silence. The institution initiated the use of the word "inmate" as opposed to other less-appealing labels such as "convict" or "criminal". It also became one of the first federal prisons to implement educational programs in prisons with sessions devoted to improving the inmates' skills in reading, writing, maths, as well as trades.
Camp 5, part of the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, on the island of Cuba, is reported to have been based on the design of USP Terre Haute.
Facility.
USP Terre Haute is a Care Level 3 facility, which means that any inmate sent to Terre Haute who has serious health problems that are not major enough to warrant hospitalization is sent to the USP. This facility is also a tobacco-free institution. This part of the FCC contains six housing units. One of the six housing units is a faith-based unit that can house 125 inmates. When the inmates are not working, they are partaking in faith-based activities. All of the inmates in the USP are allotted seven visit-days a month and 300 minutes of telephone time, which they have to use in increments of 15 minutes or less. The inmates housed here can work at UNICOR, which is a prison industry that makes towels and other accessories for the military. Inmates employed here earn an average of $6.50 to $7.50 a day and some can make up to $12 a day if they are paid by piece as opposed to by the hour.
Death row.
On June 18, 1993, the director of the BOP designated USP Terre Haute as the site where executions under federal death sentences would be carried out. The BOP itself established Terre Haute as a death row facility on July 19 of that year, including the establishment of the "Special Confinement Unit", the federal death row for men. The Bureau of Prisons modified USP Terre Haute in 1995 and 1996 so it could house death row functions. On July 13, 1999, the Special Confinement Unit at USP Terre Haute opened, and the BOP transferred male federal death row inmates from other federal prisons and from state prisons to USP Terre Haute.
There are currently three men on federal death row. Two of them are housed at USP Terre Haute. The federal government chose Terre Haute as the location of the men's death row due to its central location within the United States.
Since 1963, sixteen people have been executed by the United States federal government. All sixteen were executed at USP Terre Haute. Timothy McVeigh, who was convicted for his responsibility for the Oklahoma City bombing, was the first prisoner executed by the U.S. federal government since the national moratorium on the death penalty was lifted in 1976 and the U.S. federal death penalty was reinstated in November 1988. The method of execution used by the federal government is lethal injection.

</doc>
<doc id="6917526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917526" title="Lyudmila Samotyosova">
Lyudmila Samotyosova

Lyudmila Samotyosova (, née , Ignatyeva; born 26 October 1939) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.
She competed for the USSR in the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City, Mexico in the 4 × 100 metres where she won the bronze medal with her team mates Lyudmila Zharkova, Galina Bukharina and Vera Popkova.

</doc>
<doc id="6917529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917529" title="Ultimate Mary Jane (comic)">
Ultimate Mary Jane (comic)



</doc>
<doc id="6917531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917531" title="Independenta">
Independenta



</doc>
<doc id="6917537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917537" title="Infratirea">
Infratirea



</doc>
<doc id="6917539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917539" title="Ionaseni">
Ionaseni



</doc>
<doc id="6917543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917543" title="Vera Popkova">
Vera Popkova

Vera Ivanovna Popkova () (2 April 1943 – 29 September 2011) was a Soviet track and field athlete who competed in the sprints. She had personal bests of 11.3 seconds for the 100 metres and 23.0 seconds for the 200 metres. Over her career, she won eight individual national titles in the sprints (five outdoors and three indoors).
She came to prominence by winning medals in the sprints at the 1963 Summer Universiade and the 1966 European Athletics Championships. Her greatest successes came with the Soviet relay team: in 1968 she helped set two world records in the 4 × 100 m relay and won an Olympic bronze medal at the 1968 Mexico City Games. Her international career ended on a high note with two gold medals in the 400 metres and relay at the 1971 European Athletics Indoor Championships. She was also a three-time medallist at the European Cup.
Career.
Born in Chelyabinsk, Popkova trained at Burevestnik in her home town. Whilst studying, she won the silver medal over 100 m at the 1963 Summer Universiade in Brazil. She earned the title Master of Sports of the USSR, International Class in 1965 and Honored Master of Sports of the USSR in 1971. She graduated from Chelyabinsk Politechnical Institute.
Popkova began competing at the top level in 1965: she won her first Soviet title that year, running over 200 metres, and placed third in the event at the 1965 European Cup. She established herself as the Soviet Union's top female sprinter the following year by winning the national indoor title in the 400 metres then taking a 100/200 m double at the outdoor national event. At the 1966 European Athletics Championships she took the bronze medal over 200 m (finishing behind Polish duo Irena Kirszenstein and Ewa Kłobukowska) and got her second of the competition with the Soviet 4 × 100 metres relay team which finished third.
In 1967, she won the 100 m title at the Spartakiad and was third in the 200 m at the 1967 European Cup. She was also a double relay gold medalist for the Soviet Union at the 1967 European Indoor Games. She won another gold in the swedish medley relay at the 1968 European Indoor Games. It was in this year that she had her greatest success with the Soviet relay team as she and her team mates set a new world record of 43.9 seconds for the 4 × 100 m relay at the Soviet championships then improved it further to 43.6 seconds at the athletics test event prior to the 1968 Mexico City Olympics. A team comprising Popkova, Lyudmila Zharkova, Galina Bukharina and Lyudmila Samotyosova ran even faster in the Olympic final, clocking 43.41 seconds, yet this was only enough for the bronze as teams from both the United States and Cuba also went under the previous world record mark. Popkova also represented her country in the 200 m event and was narrowly eliminated in the semi-finals after finishing fifth.
She did not compete internationally in 1969 but returned in 1970 with a new focus on the 400 metres. She won the Soviet title over that distance and also won her third consecutive bronze medal at the 1970 European Cup. She opened her 1971 season with a 200/400 m double at the Soviet indoor championships. At the 1971 European Athletics Indoor Championships she claimed her first major international gold medal, winning the 400 m race in a time of 53.7 seconds. She then won her second at the competition, taking the 4 × 400 metres relay gold with the Soviet Union. However, these proved to be her final medals on the international stage and she retired from athletics in 1973. She later moved to Lviv and worked as an engineer.

</doc>
<doc id="6917545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917545" title="Ionesti">
Ionesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917549" title="Artemis Frog">
Artemis Frog



</doc>
<doc id="6917550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917550" title="Ipotesti">
Ipotesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917554" title="Ivesti">
Ivesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917557" title="Izbasesti">
Izbasesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917561" title="Laceni">
Laceni



</doc>
<doc id="6917564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917564" title="Woman born woman">
Woman born woman



</doc>
<doc id="6917567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917567" title="Örvandill">
Örvandill



</doc>
<doc id="6917569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917569" title="Ceragon">
Ceragon

Ceragon Networks Ltd. is a networking equipment vendor, focused on wireless point-to-point connectivity, mostly used for wireless backhaul by mobile operators and wireless service providers as well as private businesses.
History.
Ceragon was established in 1996 under the name Giganet. It was listed on the NASDAQ on September 6, 2000 (symbol: CRNT). Ceragon designs and manufactures high-capacity communication systems for wireless backhaul, mid-haul, and front-haul. It addresses the segment of the cellular market that connects a typical cell site to an operator's core network (backhaul) and different cell site functions that reside in separate geographical locations (mid-haul and front-haul). Ceragon provides wireless equipment with capacities of up to 20 Gbit/s and plans to add products based on higher frequency bands, to support up to 100 Gbit/s.Ceragon markets its products under the IP-20 and IP-50 brands.
Ceragon has sales offices located throughout North and South America, EMEA, and Asia that handle direct sales. Partnerships with distributors, VARs, and system integrators around the world provide an active indirect channel. Its US headquarters was opened in 1999 and its European headquarters in 2000.
Ceragon reported worldwide revenue of $290.8 million US dollars for 2021.
Ceragon's products include Short-Haul and Long-Haul wireless point-to-point systems in licensed microwave licensed spectrum (4–42 GHz) and millimeter-wave (57–88 GHz and, in the future – up to 170 GHz) spectrum range.
Ceragon is also a provider of 5G wireless transport, enabling it to connect broadband sites to the core network in a wireless manner. This is a common way of connection when using an optic fiber connection is not an option.

</doc>
<doc id="6917570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917570" title="Lacu Sarat">
Lacu Sarat



</doc>
<doc id="6917571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917571" title="Kuchiki no Tō">
Kuchiki no Tō

 is the fourth studio album by Japanese rock band Mucc, released on September 1, 2004, by Danger Crue Records. A European version was released on September 12, 2005, by Gan-Shin. The album reached number 19 on the Oricon Albums Chart.
Overview.
Guitarist and principal songwriter Miya said that prior to "Zekū" (2003) and "Kuchiki no Tō" (2004), his lyrics were about past events and "traumas" he experienced, but with these two albums he wrote about present inner feelings within the band. Despite audiences loving the shows, he seems to regret having done this as he speculated that he drank a lot on those tours so he would not have to face what he was expressing on stage, and stated that there is one song on "Kuchiki no Tō" that he will no longer play. Gan-Shin, who released the album in Europe, reported this song to be "Kuchiki no Tō".
Mucc released "Kuchiki no Tō Live at Roppongi", a live album where they perform "Kuchiki no Tō" in its entirely, on October 31, 2004. The songs "Namonaki Yume" and "Monokuro no Keshiki" were re-recorded by the band for their 2017 self-cover album "Koroshi no Shirabe II: This is Not Greatest Hits".
Reception.
"Kuchiki no Tō" reached number 19 on the Oricon Albums Chart. "Kerrang!" included it on a list of 13 essential Japanese rock and metal albums. Describing it as dripping with insatiable angst and menace, Jamie Cansdale wrote that "Mucc ripped their soul from their chests with their fourth outing. An unapologetically bleak tour-de-force of melancholia, "Kuchiki no Tō" tapped into an inner darkness, hellbent on implosion, and channelled it through Tatsurou's tragically ravishing shrieks." He also wrote that, although Mucc later reached international success with a "more optimistic outlook", they have rarely topped the emotional rollercoaster that is "Kuchiki no Tō".
The songs "Akatsuki Yami" and "Oboreru Sakana" were covered by Sid and Gibkiy Gibkiy Gibkiy respectively, for the 2017 Mucc tribute album "Tribute of Mucc -En-".

</doc>
<doc id="6917574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917574" title="Lapusnic">
Lapusnic



</doc>
<doc id="6917580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917580" title="Natalya Pomoschnikova">
Natalya Pomoschnikova



</doc>
<doc id="6917581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917581" title="Witches Brew">
Witches Brew

Witches Brew may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917583" title="Lastuni">
Lastuni



</doc>
<doc id="6917586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917586" title="Lazaresti">
Lazaresti



</doc>
<doc id="6917587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917587" title="Miditerranean">
Miditerranean



</doc>
<doc id="6917589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917589" title="Frida (comics)">
Frida (comics)



</doc>
<doc id="6917591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917591" title="UK Pension Provision">
UK Pension Provision



</doc>
<doc id="6917594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917594" title="Lazesti">
Lazesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917595" title="XeF6">
XeF6



</doc>
<doc id="6917597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917597" title="Guys Cliffe">
Guys Cliffe



</doc>
<doc id="6917601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917601" title="Marina Zhirova">
Marina Zhirova

Marina Zhirova (; born 6 June 1963 Yegoryevsk) is a Soviet athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres, training at Trudovye Rezervy in Moscow Oblast.
She competed for the USSR in the 1988 Summer Olympics held in Seoul, South Korea in the 4 x 100 metres where she won the bronze medal with her team mates Lyudmila Kondratyeva, Galina Malchugina and Natalya Pomoshchnikova.

</doc>
<doc id="6917602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917602" title="Leosti">
Leosti



</doc>
<doc id="6917605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917605" title="Grand Almoner of France">
Grand Almoner of France

The Grand Almoner of France () was an officer of the French monarchy and a member of the "Maison du Roi" ("King's Household") during the "Ancien Régime". He directed the religious branch of the royal household (the Ecclesiastical Household, ) also known as the Royal Chapel.
The title "Grand Almoner" was created by King Francis I. The office was not included in the official list of Great Officers of the Crown of France established by Henri III in 1582, but some specialists of the French monarchy place the position among the Great Offices.
The Grand Almoner played above all a symbolic role as the most important member of the church in the royal court. Often having a church rank of bishop, more rarely that of cardinal, the Grand Almoner had a number of important privileges, including oversight of charity organizations in Paris and the right to the silver service of the royal chapel at the death of the king. The Grand Almoner also gave communion to the King and performed baptisms and princely marriages. The position was largely dominated by a few aristocratic families, such as by the House of Rohan.
The position was roughly equivalent to the position of Lord High Almoner in the United Kingdom, who oversees the U.K. Ecclesiastical Household and Chapel Royal.

</doc>
<doc id="6917610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917610" title="Arctic Hospital">
Arctic Hospital

Arctic Hospital (Eric Patrick Bray born in Green Bay, Wisconsin, January 8, 1985) is an American DJ and record producer. He began DJing industrial and EBM at age 14, and began producing urban techno on a Macintosh using the software sequencer Logic when he was 17. He was a pioneer of Belgian Jumpstyle, introducing the dance to North American partygoers at the WI Sandstorm raves of the early 2000s. In 2004, Eric Bray was signed to Narita Records after owner Gabe Koch saw him open for seminal techno DJ John Digweed. The music of Arctic Hospital is often described as dub techno.
Side projects.
Eric Bray performs in the band Semble, playing laptop alongside Steve James (vocals, guitar, piano, mbira, glockenspiel, drums), Beth Perry (vocals, flute, cello, marimba, synth, piano, guitar) and Matt Kelly (guitar, violin, percussion, zither, accordion, saw, mbira, laptop/sampler).
Eric Bray also performs in the ambient music group, The World on Higher Downs. He also releases IDM under the alias Talve.

</doc>
<doc id="6917615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917615" title="Lesile">
Lesile



</doc>
<doc id="6917617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917617" title="Belize Premier Football League">
Belize Premier Football League

The Belize Premier Football League (BPFL) (Caribbean Motors Cup) was the premier division of association football in Belize sanctioned by the Football Federation of Belize. The league disbanded in 2011 after the merger with the Super League of Belize to create a new top league in Belize, the Premier League of Belize.
Previous winners.
Previous winners were:
Top scorers.
O = Opening, C = Closing

</doc>
<doc id="6917618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917618" title="Campo Blenio">
Campo Blenio

Campo Blenio was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 25 January 2005, the cantonal authorities announced that Campo Blenio would merge with Aquila, Ghirone, Olivone and Torre to form a new municipality to be called Blenio. This union was carried through on 22 October 2006. 
There are ski slopes operated by Cooperative Society Campo Blenio-Ghirone Tourist Facilities that offers a range of services, managed by Martinelli Gianni. The slopes are particularly suitable for learning to ski and snowboard. The resort also has a 4.5-kilometer lighted slope. For non-skiers, there are enchanting snowshoeing and hiking trails to take in the woods around Campo Blenio-Ghirone. 

</doc>
<doc id="6917621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917621" title="Chingo">
Chingo

Volcán Chingo is a stratovolcano on the border between Guatemala and El Salvador. The highest point on the Guatemala/ El Salvador border is Volcán Chingo at 5,823 feet. It is also known to be the second highest of a group of volcanoes in the SE Guatemala region. The population of people living within 30 km of the Volcán Chingo is estimated to be around 867,678 people. There are no historical eruptions documented for this volcano but it is currently active. The exact volcano number when trying to locate it in the Smithsonian website is 342170.
Geology.
This symmetrical stratovolcano has many different features that make it stand out to be the highest point on the border between Guatemala and El Salvador. There is a small, oval shaped crater on the summit that is breached towards the west side of the volcano. Different flank fissures have fed many youthful lava flows that can be found West and North of the volcano. There is a light brown hill located below the volcano on the right center side that is known as Cerro Laguneta. 
The different rock types that can be found are Andesite/ Basaltic Andesite and Basalt/ Picro-Basalt.
Cerro la Olla, a youthful cone, is located on the South side of the volcano across the Salvadorian border. A cinder cone that caps the basalt shield, Volcan las Viboras, lies to the North and is the most prominent of several controlled cones in the area. 
Ecosystem.
"Sobralia amabilis" is an elusive flower located in the Guatemala El Salvador region. The "Sobralia amabilis" of "Orchidaceae" was registered near the top of Volcán Chingo and was the only recorded sighting in local Guatemala. Based on the findings of the "Sobralia amabilis" on the Volcán Chingo, ecologists speculate there could be other populations in the area.
The valley underneath the Volcano chingo is home to nutrient rich soil perfect to grow coffee beans. Peregrine Roasters grows coffee beans in the shade under "Inga edulis" trees at the base of the volcano. "Volcán Chingo", the name of the coffee, was farmed in the Jutiapa Region of Guatemala on the Marcelita Estate.

</doc>
<doc id="6917623" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917623" title="Leucusesti">
Leucusesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917624" title="Wesley Theological Seminary">
Wesley Theological Seminary

Wesley Theological Seminary is a United Methodist Church seminary in Washington, D.C. It was founded in 1882.
History.
Wesley Theological Seminary can trace its roots back to the 1881 meeting of the Methodist Protestant Church's Maryland Annual Conference. Legislation was passed during the meeting that would lead to the founding of Westminster Theological Seminary in 1882. The seminary was located on the campus of Western Maryland College in Westminster, Maryland (hence its name).
In 1939, Westminster became one of the ten theological schools under the newly formed Methodist Church. Upon its association with this new, larger denomination, Westminster quickly experienced a period of growth. Because of this continued growth, it was determined in 1955 that Westminster should move to a more central location, namely, Washington, D.C. In 1958, Westminster moved to its current location and was renamed Wesley Theological Seminary.
Upon the formation of the United Methodist Church, Wesley became one of the 13 theological schools under the jurisdiction of the United Methodist Church and still is to this day.
Academics.
Wesley is a member of the Washington Theological Consortium and is accredited by the Association of Theological Schools in the United States and Canada.
Wesley offers Master of Divinity (M.Div.), Master of Arts (MA), Master of Theological Studies (MTS), and Doctor of Ministry (D.Min.) degrees. In addition, Wesley offers a dual degree program in concert with neighboring American University. Graduates of the dual degree program receive a Master of Theological Studies from Wesley and a Master of Arts degree in International Peace and Conflict Resolution or International Development.
Wesley also offers the National Capital Semester for Seminarians program which gives seminarians the opportunity to come to Washington, DC to see how theology interacts with public policy. This program is conducted by the Churches' Center for Theology and Public Policy which is an ecumenical organization that serves to research and explore the relationship between theology and issues of social and public policy.
Administration.
Wesley Theological Seminary is governed by a Board of Governors and is under the jurisdiction of the Baltimore-Washington Conference of the United Methodist Church.
As of late 2023, the president is David McAllister-Wilson, who was installed in 2002. Since its formation in 1882, Westminster/Wesley has had ten presidents: Thomas Hamilton Lewis (1882-1886), James Thomas Ward (1886-1897), Hugh Latimer Elderdice (1897-1933), Fred Garrigus Holloway (1933-1935), 
Charles Edward Forlines (1935-1943), Lester Allen Welliver (1943-1955), Norman L. Trott (1955-1967), John Lowden Knight (1967-1982), and G. Douglass Lewis (1982-2002).
Student body.
The student body of Wesley Theological Seminary is culturally, denominationally, and theologically diverse. In 2008 there were 760 master and doctoral students of which 56% were women and 43% were an ethnic minority. Thirty-eight denominations were represented among members of the student body. Denominationally, the student body was primarily made up of United Methodists. However, there were significant numbers of students from other Methodist and non-Methodist faith traditions such as African Methodist Episcopal, African Methodist Episcopal Zion, Baptist, Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), Episcopal, United Church of Christ, and Unitarian Universalist.
By 2013, the seminary hosted 700 students from 30 denominations.
By 2023, the seminary hosted 701 students, of which 53.21% were from an ethnic minority background and 48.5% were women.

</doc>
<doc id="6917629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917629" title="Philippe Ferrari de La Renotière">
Philippe Ferrari de La Renotière



</doc>
<doc id="6917630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917630" title="Lucacesti">
Lucacesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917632" title="Lupo the Butcher">
Lupo the Butcher

Lupo the Butcher is a 1987 Canadian adult animated short comedy film directed and written by Danny Antonucci. The short follows the story of a butcher who has a huge temper and swears at his meat when the smallest things go wrong. Produced by Marv Newland's International Rocketship Limited, "Lupo the Butcher" was a successful short and has earned itself a cult following.
Plot.
An Italian-Canadian butcher named Lupo is complaining about his job while cutting a giant pork ribs in his shop. As each new slice falls to the ground, Lupo grows increasingly angry and swears at the meat. He then accidentally cuts off his own thumb; he panics and runs out of the store, and you can hear what sounds like Lupo getting hit by a car, which inexplicably causes his entire body to fall apart.
Blood gushes out onto the ground, and the various pieces of Lupo's body collapse into a pile. The screen darkens and closes in on Lupo's severed head, but, before the scene can disappear entirely, Lupo's head jumps forward, still alive. It remains on the screen, shouting insults during the credits, before falling asleep and fading out.
Production.
Danny Antonucci, who has worked in animation since the 1970s, decided to create his first solo work. Tired of people thinking that animation was only for children, he wanted to create a "character that people would believe in". Due to his Italian heritage, Antonucci wanted his character to be an Italian immigrant who would blame America for all of his problems. Originally intended to be a Barber, Antonucci eventually settled on Lupo being a Butcher. This character was inspired by his father and uncle. After the short was finalized, Antonucci was pleased with his creation, and felt that the three-and-a-half minute movie "worked out". It was produced by Marv Newland's International Rocketship Limited. Released in 1987, it was shown at Spike and Mike's Festival of Animation. Antonucci went on to found a.k.a Cartoon, Inc., with which he would create "The Brothers Grunt" and "Ed, Edd n Eddy".
Reception.
Upon its release, "Lupo the Butcher" was a successful short and has earned itself a cult following. Eric Fogel, co-creator of "Glenn Martin, DDS" &amp; the creator of "Celebrity Deathmatch", stated that "Lupo the Butcher" inspired him to pursue a career in animation, saying: "That film opened my eyes to a world of animation that was strictly for grownups and inspired me to pursue a career path that was a bit more…twisted." In an interview with Take One, Linda Simensky described the short as "the "South Park" of its time" and stated that she remembers tapes containing the short being passed around her office in 1988. It was featured in Spike and Mike's book "Outlaw Animation", written by Jerry Beck, and in the Spike and Mike DVD.
Other media.
Lupo and his family appeared in Spike and Mike's book "Outlaw Animation", written by Jerry Beck. In November 2020, Antonucci's animation studio a.k.a. Cartoon announced on its Facebook page that it was developing a series based on the short for Netflix's streaming service. Lupo has also appeared in the MTV bumpers.

</doc>
<doc id="6917633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917633" title="Cannas">
Cannas



</doc>
<doc id="6917634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917634" title="Volcán Chingo">
Volcán Chingo



</doc>
<doc id="6917636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917636" title="Luminita">
Luminita



</doc>
<doc id="6917639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917639" title="John V. Johnston">
John V. Johnston

John Vincent Johnston (died 23 April 1912) was an American navy officer who fought during the American Civil War from 1861 until 1864 on the Union side.
Biography.
Johnston was from Cincinnati, Ohio, and entered the United States Navy, during the American Civil War, in September 1861. He served as First Master on the gunboat "St. Louis". He assisted in the Union gunboat attacks that captured strategic Fort Henry on the Tennessee River 6 February 1862. On the night of 1–2 April 1862, he was the naval commander of a combined Army–Navy boat expedition which landed and spiked the guns of the Upper Battery (Battery No. 1) at Madrid Bend (Tennessee shore) across the river from the Confederate stronghold, Island No. 10. He was promoted to Acting Volunteer Lieutenant for gallantry in this expedition. After joining in the bombardments of Vicksburg, Mississippi, he took command of to patrol the Mississippi River and its tributaries. On 15 February 1864, his gunboat repelled the attack of Confederate raiders, keeping them from saving the town of Waterproof, Louisiana, and securing the federal garrison therein. Lt. Johnston resigned from the naval service 23 June 1864 and died 23 April 1912 at St. Louis, Missouri.
Namesake.
During World War II two destroyers were named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6917643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917643" title="John Vincent Johnston">
John Vincent Johnston



</doc>
<doc id="6917644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917644" title="Lunca Larga">
Lunca Larga



</doc>
<doc id="6917646" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917646" title="Ghirone">
Ghirone

Ghirone was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 25 January 2005, the cantonal authorities announced that Ghirone would merge with Aquila, Campo Blenio, Olivone and Torre to form a new municipality to be called Blenio. This union was carried through on 22 October 2006.
History.
Ghirone is first mentioned in 1200 as "Agairono".
In 1334, Disentis Abbey acquired rights over all the land in Ghirone. The village was part of the community of Aquila, and in 1803 it merged with the municipality of Ghirone. Then, in 1836, Buttino and Ghirone separated from Aquila and together founded their own community. Buttino was inhabited until the late 19th Century and was an autonomous village as far back as the 13th Century. The two municipalities rejoined Aquila in 1842 and 1846 and finally separated in 1853. The Citizens Community ("Patriziato"), which still bears the name of Ghirone-Buttino was founded in 1914.
The Church of SS Martino e Giorgio was first mentioned in 1215 and was rebuilt around 1700. The parish separated from Aquila in 1758 and became independent. As with the other municipalities of the Blenio Valley, much of the population emigrated to other European countries (often as chestnut roaster, servants and waiters). While this was a major source of revenue, it led to a steady population decline. In the late 1950s the Luzzone Dam (1995 and 1999 expanded) was built between the municipalities of Ghirone and Aquila. The dam is used to generate hydroelectric power. The large-scale construction of the dam and the new road tunnel at Toira in 1958, improved the local economy. The new tunnel allowed winter and summer tourism, and the development of a winter sports center (with Campo Blenio) gave the economy a definite boost. Livestock farming, which was for centuries had been the main occupation, however, fell sharply.
Historic population.
The historical population is given in the following table:

</doc>
<doc id="6917649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917649" title="Kapurthala Cantonment">
Kapurthala Cantonment

Kapurthala Cantonment is a cantonment in the Punjab state of India. It is adjacent to the town of Kapurthala. In addition to having residence and offices of military personnel, the Kendriya Vidyalaya school (Central School) is situated at the Kapurthala Cantonment.

</doc>
<doc id="6917654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917654" title="Luncavita">
Luncavita



</doc>
<doc id="6917656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917656" title="Grand aumônier">
Grand aumônier



</doc>
<doc id="6917659" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917659" title="Luncsoara">
Luncsoara



</doc>
<doc id="6917662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917662" title="Torre, Switzerland">
Torre, Switzerland

Torre was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 25 January 2005, the cantonal authorities announced that Torre would merge with Aquila, Campo Blenio, Ghirone and Olivone to form a new municipality to be called Blenio. This union was carried through on 22 October 2006.
The Torre Municipal House is home to the Olivone Circle Peace Judicature, the Ul Süril Association, and the midwife office of Sampietro Sicilia Lorenza.

</doc>
<doc id="6917665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917665" title="Grand aumônier de France">
Grand aumônier de France



</doc>
<doc id="6917666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917666" title="Luparia">
Luparia



</doc>
<doc id="6917671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917671" title="A.E. Wilder-Smith">
A.E. Wilder-Smith



</doc>
<doc id="6917672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917672" title="Space curvature">
Space curvature



</doc>
<doc id="6917674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917674" title="Lupesti">
Lupesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917676" title="Gwyrfai Rural District">
Gwyrfai Rural District

Gwyrfai was a rural district in the administrative county of Caernarvonshire from 1894 to 1974.
History.
Named after the Afon Gwyrfai, the district was formed under the Local Government Act 1894, taking over the area of the Carnarvon Rural Sanitary District. The district was abolished in 1974 by the Local Government Act 1972. Beddgelert and Clynnog were included in the district of Dwyfor, with the rest of the rural district becoming part of the Borough of Arfon, both in the new county of Gwynedd.
Civil parishes.
In 1934, on the abolition of Glaslyn Rural District, the parish of Beddgelert was added.

</doc>
<doc id="6917678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917678" title="It Started with a Kiss (film)">
It Started with a Kiss (film)

It Started with a Kiss is a 1959 American romantic comedy film directed by George Marshall and starring Glenn Ford, Debbie Reynolds and Eva Gabor. It was shot in Metrocolor and CinemaScope.
Plot.
Joe Fitzpatrick, a sergeant in the Air Force marries a feisty nightclub showgirl named Maggie on a whim. The day after their marriage Joe is sent to a base in Spain. Later that day Maggie is surprised to find that a unique custom car was delivered to her (a shiny red 1955 Lincoln Futura Concept automobile with bucket seats and a clear bubble top); he won it in a raffle. After this she sends him a letter saying that she has a wonderful surprise that she is bringing to him. He ponders what that means, and suspects that she means that she is pregnant. When she arrives in Spain, there is a party where this is sprung on her, and she denies pregnancy, but doesn't explain the surprise.
When the car does arrive Joe is surprised but pleased. However, when Joe first arrived in Spain there was a stiff lecture about not appearing ostentatious to the locals. As they travel around Spain they are met with both envy and disdain from Spanish officials and locals, and the car does indeed stand out. When the top brass see the vehicle, they ask that he send it home at their expense, however, he is afraid that this will upset his newlywed wife, as they are already on shaky ground since she resents the Air Force interfering in their lives.
One of the big car fans is a famous Spanish bullfighter. After the IRS demands that they pay $17,000 in taxes for the vehicle, which they cannot pay, they decide to sell the vehicle to the bullfighter. However, the Air Force learns of this transaction, and it violates one of their regulations about selling personal property to locals. So, the Sergeant is arrested and confined to quarters.
He and his wife have separated at this point, but at a big party (held in a mansion he is living in temporarily) she learns that he is living with a glamorous countess who is a friend of the bullfighter. She, however, is jealous, and manages to get the bullfighter to propose to her in order to make her husband jealous. However, she really doesn't want the bullfighter, so she sneaks into the room she thinks her husband is sleeping in, however she ends up surprising the general in his bed. They make enough noise to attract a crowd who burst in, and in the process she ends up hiding in the bed while her husband is in the room. Of course she is discovered, and in the ensuing confusion of mixed understandings they reconcile and a solution to the car problem is revealed. In the end, they happily retire to their bedroom to enjoy togetherness.
Production.
A scene in the movie recreated a well-known sequence from the 1938 film "Bringing Up Baby", when Joe must walk in step behind Maggie to hide her torn dress.
The car, Lincoln Futura, used in the film – of which there was only one – was later customized by George Barris and served as the Batmobile for the 1960s TV series "Batman".
Reception.
Box office.
According to MGM records the film earned $2,750,000 in the US and Canada and $1.9 million elsewhere, resulting in a profit of $582,000.

</doc>
<doc id="6917685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917685" title="Macaresti">
Macaresti



</doc>
<doc id="6917687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917687" title="Paavo Korhonen">
Paavo Korhonen

Paavo Jaakko Matias Korhonen (5 June 1928 – 29 September 2019) was a Finnish Nordic skier who won the individual titles at the 1957 Holmenkollen ski festival and 1958 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships. He competed at the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Olympics and placed fourth, fourth and ninth, respectively. At the 1952 games he also finished 14th in the 18 km cross-country skiing race, and in 1960 served as the Finnish Olympic flag bearer at the opening ceremony. Korhonen lived in his home town of Joutseno, where a statue is erected in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="6917692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917692" title="Macresti">
Macresti



</doc>
<doc id="6917698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917698" title="Magherus">
Magherus



</doc>
<doc id="6917699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917699" title="Residential homes for senior citizens">
Residential homes for senior citizens



</doc>
<doc id="6917700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917700" title="Ludiano">
Ludiano

Ludiano is a former municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Since 15 March 2011, it is part of the municipality Serravalle.
History.
In 1926 a grave was discovered which contained Iron Age grave offerings. The modern municipality of Ludiano was first mentioned in 1211 as "Luguilano". It was mentioned as a local center for surrounding farmhouses and villages in 1351.
The parish church of S. Secondo is first mentioned in 1293. It was rebuilt in 1779–82, though the older romanesque clock tower was retained.
In the past, the main sources of income were crops, livestock and vineyards. This income was supplemented by money sent back to the village by emigrants to other European countries. After the emigration-related decline in the mid-19th century, the number of inhabitants increased in the last decades of the 20th century and has led to numerous new homes. In 2000 about half the jobs in the village were in manufacturing, and the services sector accounted for about a fifth of the jobs. Two-thirds of the working population earned their livelihood outside the community.
Geography.
Ludiano has an area, , of . Of this area, or 8.6% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 77.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 4.0% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.1% is either rivers or lakes and or 6.3% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.9% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.0%. Out of the forested land, 75.1% of the total land area is heavily forested and 2.6% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 4.0% is used for growing crops, while 1.6% is used for orchards or vine crops and 2.9% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, 2.3% is unproductive vegetation and 4.0% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality is located in the Blenio district, on the right side of the lower Blenio valley. The municipalities of Ludiano, Malvaglia and Semione merged on 15 March 2011 into the new municipality Serravalle.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Gules St. Secundus clerad Or holding in his dexter hand a pennant Argent and in his sinister a Church of the last."
Demographics.
Ludiano has a population () of . , 6.2% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 32.6%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian(87.6%), with German being second most common ( 5.8%) and French being third ( 3.1%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 17 speak German, 9 people speak French, 255 people speak Italian. The remainder (10 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 47.4% male and 52.6% female. The population was made up of 170 Swiss men (45.0% of the population), and 9 (2.4%) non-Swiss men. There were 188 Swiss women (49.7%), and 11 (2.9%) non-Swiss women. In there were 3 live births to Swiss citizens and births to non-Swiss citizens, and in the same time span there were 3 deaths of Swiss citizens and 1 non-Swiss citizen death. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens remained the same while the foreign population decreased by 1. There was 1 non-Swiss man who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 3 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 1 people. This represents a population growth rate of 0.5%.
The age distribution, , in Ludiano is; 50 children or 13.2% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 48 teenagers or 12.7% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 32 people or 8.5% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 47 people or 12.4% are between 30 and 39, 62 people or 16.4% are between 40 and 49, and 31 people or 8.2% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 38 people or 10.1% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 39 people or 10.3% are between 70 and 79, there are 31 people or 8.2% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.54 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 58.1% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 129 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.2 persons per household. there were 144 single family homes (or 80.0% of the total) out of a total of 180 inhabited buildings. There were 17 two family buildings (9.4%) and 16 multi-family buildings (8.9%). There were also 3 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 236 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4 room apartment of which there were 75. There were 18 single room apartments and 63 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 129 apartments (54.7% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 102 apartments (43.2%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (2.1%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 39.88% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (18.9%), the SP (18.23%) and the Ticino League (16.24%). In the federal election, a total of 159 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 61.6%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 260 registered voters in Ludiano, of which 195 or 75.0% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 193 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD+GenGiova which received 60 or 31.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 46 or 23.8%), the SSI (with 31 or 16.1%) and the LEGA (with 27 or 14.0%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, there were 2 blank ballots, which left 193 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 55 or 28.5% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 51 or 26.4%), the LEGA (with 39 or 20.2%) and the SSI (with 25 or 13.0%).
Economy.
, Ludiano had an unemployment rate of 2.88%. , there were 25 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 10 businesses involved in this sector. 41 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 4 businesses in this sector. 10 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 6 businesses in this sector. There were 125 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 40.8% of the workforce.
, there were 34 workers who commuted into the municipality and 87 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 2.6 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 10.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 67.2% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 230 or 79.0% were Roman Catholic, while 19 or 6.5% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 29 individuals (or about 9.97% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 13 individuals (or about 4.47% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Ludiano about 70.3% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Ludiano there are a total of 88 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Ludiano there are 16 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 30 students attend the standard primary schools and 2 students attend the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There are 24 students in the two-year middle school and 0 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 5 students are in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There was 1 vocational student who was attending school full-time and 8 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There are 2 students in the professional program.
, there were 3 students in Ludiano who came from another municipality, while 21 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6917705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917705" title="Magura">
Magura

Magura may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917713" title="Pixie (folklore)">
Pixie (folklore)



</doc>
<doc id="6917719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917719" title="Malaiesti">
Malaiesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917721" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917721" title="Malvaglia">
Malvaglia

Malvaglia is a former municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Since 15 March 2011, it is part of the municipality Serravalle. The reservoir Bacino di Val Malvaglia is located above the village of Malvaglia.
History.
Malvaglia is first mentioned in 1205 as "de Malvallia". In German it used to be known as "Manglia". Malvaglia's development and history is closely tied to the development and history of the Blenio valley. In the settlement of Rongier, an ancient town on the Lukmanier road, a Roman coin hoard was found. The settlement is also home to the "Casa Baggio". "Casa Baggio" was built in the 16th century and expanded in the 17th. It was probably the ruling seat of the bailiff. The building is now listed as a historic building. Above the village is also the remains of "Casa dei pagani", a cave castle from the 11th-13th Centuries.
The original, parish church was dedicated to St. Benedict and first mentioned in 1207. The current building, with St. Martin as the patron saint is from 1602 to 1603, but the bell tower is from the 13th Century.
The local economy was dominated by agriculture, animal husbandry, vineyards. The emigration in until the 19th century to Italy and in the 19th and 20th centuries to France, England, and America, led to a sharp population decline. Between 1933 and 1959, the first cable car in the Canton was in operation between Malvaglia and Ponterio in the Malvaglia Valley. In 1995 a new line was inaugurated on Mount Dagro. In the 1940s for the construction of the dam, a road was built into the Malvaglia Valley. The ring road around the village open in 1976. In 2000 about one-third and one-half of the workers were employed in manufacturing and the services sectors, respectively. More than half of employed persons worked outside of the municipality.
Geography.
Malvaglia has an area, , of . Of this area, or 2.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 38.7% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 1.3% is settled (buildings or roads), or 1.4% is either rivers or lakes and or 45.7% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 0.8% and transportation infrastructure made up 0.3%. Out of the forested land, 28.1% of the total land area is heavily forested and 1.7% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 1.0% is used for growing crops. Of the water in the municipality, 0.3% is in lakes and 1.1% is in rivers and streams. Of the unproductive areas, 15.4% is unproductive vegetation and 30.3% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipality was located in the Blenio district, on the left bank of the Brenno river. The municipalities of Ludiano, Malvaglia and Semione merged on 15 March 2011 into the new municipality Serravalle.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Quartered first and fourth Or an Eagle Sable langued, beaked and membered Gules and second and third Gules a Serpent Argent."
Demographics.
Malvaglia has a population () of . , 8.6% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 7.6%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian(90.3%), with German being second most common ( 4.7%) and French being third ( 2.8%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 55 speak German, 33 people speak French, 1,058 people speak Italian, and 3 people speak Romansh. The remainder (23 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 51.9% male and 48.1% female. The population was made up of 623 Swiss men (47.3% of the population), and 60 (4.6%) non-Swiss men. There were 588 Swiss women (44.7%), and 45 (3.4%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 14 live births to Swiss citizens and births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 15 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. There was 1 Swiss man and 1 Swiss woman who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there were 6 non-Swiss men and 2 non-Swiss women who immigrated from another country to Switzerland. The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was an increase of 17 and the non-Swiss population change was an increase of 12 people. This represents a population growth rate of 2.3%.
The age distribution, , in Malvaglia is; 152 children or 11.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 122 teenagers or 9.3% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 127 people or 9.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 199 people or 15.1% are between 30 and 39, 199 people or 15.1% are between 40 and 49, and 153 people or 11.6% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 141 people or 10.7% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 154 people or 11.7% are between 70 and 79, there are 69 people or 5.2% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.58 which is about equal to the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 64% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 503 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.3 persons per household. there were 557 single family homes (or 79.6% of the total) out of a total of 700 inhabited buildings. There were 94 two family buildings (13.4%) and 28 multi-family buildings (4.0%). There were also 21 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0.1%. there were 858 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 4-room apartment of which there were 266. There were 40 single room apartments and 195 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 503 apartments (58.6% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 341 apartments (39.7%) were seasonally occupied and 14 apartments (1.6%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 0 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The "Casa dei pagani" (a cave castle) and the parish church of S. Martino with its ossuary and churchyard are listed as Swiss heritage site of national significance. The village of Rongie/Orino and the Val Malvaglia region are both listed on the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 35.25% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (29.28%), the Ticino League (14.6%) and the SP (12.29%). In the federal election, a total of 642 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 55.4%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 1,690 registered voters in Malvaglia, of which 823 or 48.7% voted. 13 blank ballots and 2 null ballots were cast, leaving 808 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PLRT which received 205 or 25.4% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 205 or 25.4%), the PS (with 124 or 15.3%) and the LEGA (with 117 or 14.5%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, there were 11 blank ballots and 3 null ballots, which left 809 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PPD which received 194 or 24.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PLRT (with 187 or 23.1%), the LEGA (with 164 or 20.3%) and the PS (with 127 or 15.7%).
Economy.
, Malvaglia had an unemployment rate of 2.33%. , there were 97 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 43 businesses involved in this sector. 116 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 14 businesses in this sector. 112 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 34 businesses in this sector. There were 498 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 34.1% of the workforce.
, there were 78 workers who commuted into the municipality and 310 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 4.0 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 6% used public transportation to get to work, and 70.1% used a private car.
, there was one hotel in Malvaglia.
Religion.
From the , 986 or 84.1% were Catholic, while 40 or 3.4% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 110 individuals (or about 9.39% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 36 individuals (or about 3.07% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
The entire Swiss population is generally well educated. In Malvaglia about 68.6% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Malvaglia there are a total of 226 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Malvaglia there are 44 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 73 students attend the standard primary schools and students attend the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There are 51 students in the two-year middle school and in their pre-apprenticeship, while 16 students are in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student will be prepared to enter a trade or to continue on to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There are 8 vocational students who are attending school full-time and 33 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 46 students in Malvaglia who came from another municipality, while 92 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6917730" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917730" title="Olivone">
Olivone

Olivone was a municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.
On 25 January 2005, the cantonal authorities announced that Olivone would merge with Aquila, Campo Blenio, Ghirone and Torre to form a new municipality to be called Blenio. This union was carried through on 22 October 2006.
History.
Olivone is first mentioned in 1193 as "Alivoni", then in 1205 it was mentioned as "Orivono". In Romansh it was known as "Luorscha".
The political power in the upper Blenio valley was in the hands of a branch of the De Torre family. They owned land in Olivone and possessed the patronage rights in the parish church until the oath of Torre in 1182 ended their supremacy. In 1213 the villages of Olivone and Aquila revolted and united against the Da Locarno family, who had been given power over the valley by canons of Milan. They were able to drive out the Da Locarno's and return to the previous situation, where they were ruled by a governor out of Lombardy. The "L'assemblea di uomini liberi" (The Assembly of the Free), which is first mentioned in 1136, provided for the management of common forests, alpine pastures and helped maintain the Lukmanier and Greina passes. By the end of the 14th century the "L'assemblea di uomini liberi" took advantage of Olivone's lease on the Santa Maria alpine pasture, which belonged to the abbey of Disentis. The village customary law was written down in the statutes of 1237 and 1474.
During the Early Middle Ages, Olivone was probably the center of a parish that was over the whole valley. Starting in the High and Late Middle Ages, the village's history follows the course of the entire valley. The Parish Church of S. Martino was built before 1136, and in the 17th century, was rebuilt, followed by renovations in 1974 and 1984–91. The church contains frescos from the 17th and 18th centuries. Valuable furnishings and vestments are on display in the "Cà da Rivöi" (Rivöi means Olivone in the local dialect), a building from the 15th century.
On Lukmanier street the hospice of SS Sepolcro e Barnaba at Casaccia, was built in 1104. This was followed by the Hospice of S. Defendente in Camperio, built in 1254. The noble families of da Torre and da Lodrino probably founded these two hospices. They were later managed by the neighborhood and had until the 15th century, were of major social and economic importance.
Much of the local economy was based on agriculture (dairy farming and livestock). However, between the 15th century and the 19th century, much of the economy depended on money sent back home from emigrants to Italy, France and England as well as other cities in Switzerland. The chocolate makers from Olivone enjoyed a good reputation in Italy and France starting in the 17th century. In the last decades of the 19th century, tourism became important. In the 20th century, tourism grew in importance and initiatives for nature and heritage protection were further promoted. At the beginning of the 21st century the village was known for its winter and summer tourism. Olivone retained its agricultural character, but in 1956 it became home to the Blenio Kraftwerke AG power plant and certain construction companies. It houses the Alpine Institute of Chemistry and Toxicology (2006) of the Alpine Foundation for Life Sciences. In 2005, 22% of jobs in Olivone were in agriculture.
Historic population.
The historical population is given in the following table:

</doc>
<doc id="6917731" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917731" title="Manastire">
Manastire



</doc>
<doc id="6917738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917738" title="Mandresti">
Mandresti



</doc>
<doc id="6917741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917741" title="Masao Inoue (wrestler)">
Masao Inoue (wrestler)

 is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently works for Pro Wrestling Noah as a freelancer. He started his career in All Japan Pro Wrestling in 1991, before jumping to Pro Wrestling Noah during a mass exodus in 2000. Inoue spent the next 12 years with Noah before returning to AJPW in 2012. Since then, he has competed regularly for both promotions as a freelancer.
Professional wrestling career.
All Japan Pro Wrestling (1991–2000).
Masao Inoue debuted in All Japan Pro Wrestling in 1991. He served as an underling for Toshiaki Kawada and Akira Taue. He found little success until he started a regular tag team with Tamon Honda near the end of his All Japan stay. The tandem won the All Asia Tag Team Championship in 1999.
Pro Wrestling Noah (2000–present).
In mid-2000 Masao Inoue left All Japan Pro Wrestling along with all but two All Japan native workers to join Mitsuharu Misawa's newly formed Pro Wrestling Noah. Inoue and Honda were still the All Asia Tag Team champions and as a result, the titles were vacated when they left.
Inoue was a founding member of the Dark Agents stable along with Akitoshi Saito and Takashi Sugiura. He would be second-in-command to Saito. Inoue generally spent his time near the bottom card, not receiving very many high-profile matches. After several years of struggling to make it up the card, Inoue and seven other NOAH wrestlers were given a huge opportunity in late March and early April 2006 to main event a Tokyo Nippon Budokan event. GHC Heavyweight Champion Jun Akiyama proposed a tournament to determine his next challenger. Inoue shocked many wrestling fans by beating rookie Shuhei Taniguchi, Takuma Sano, and finally stablemate Akitoshi Saito to win the tournament. Inoue faced Akiyama in an emotional match and lasted over 23 minutes before falling to the wrist-clutch exploder. Through this tournament win and his subsequent hard-fought match against Akiyama, Inoue greatly improved his stock in the company.
Inoue took part in another number one contender tournament through August and early September 2007, however, Inoue did not make it out of his five-person block winning only one match via forfeit against Takeshi Rikio. While Inoue throughout the majority of 2007 and 2008 was featured only in multi-man tag team matches, on December 23 and 24 he took part in another tournament, this simply titled 'The Tournament' which consisted of matches contested to a ten-minute time limit where, if the time limit was met, the matches would be decided by a five-person judge panel. Inoue defeated Kentaro Shiga, Yoshinobu Kanemaru, Yoshihiro Takayama, and Takuma Sano, all matches that went the time limit and were decided in Inoue's favor by the judges, before facing off with stable mate Saito in a rematch of the 2006 title tournament. In this tournament, Saito came out on top defeating Inoue in a 5-0 judges' clean sweep.
Inoue took part in the 2009 Global Tag League alongside Akira Taue. The duo proved fairly unsuccessful as they won only one match finishing last out of the eight teams with two points. Inoue won a Noah 'Royal Rumble', wrestling under the ring name "Naomichi Marufuji" on July 5. In his final match of the year, Inoue lost a match to Kenta Kobashi for the GHC Openweight Hardcore Championship. In April 2011, Inoue took part in the Global Tag League for the second time in his career, this time with Bison Smith. Inoue fared better this time, finishing in sixth place out of eight teams with five points.
Following 2011, Inoue began to make only sporadic appearances in Pro Wrestling Noah as he spent the better part of his time in All Japan. Inoue's appearances in Noah steadily dropped off to the point where Inoue made no appearances in 2016 and only six in 2015 and seven in 2014. Inoue made his return to Noah on June 16, 2017, following nearly two full years away from the company where, teaming with Cody Hall, they defeated the team known as the Back Breakers, Hajime Ohara and Hitoshi Kumano.
All Japan Pro Wrestling (2012–present).
Following over a decade away from All Japan, Inoue made his return on March 4, 2012, where he teamed with Masanobu Fuchi in a losing effort to Akebono and Ryota Hama. Inoue received his first title match since his return on August 8 where he faced Akebono and Hama with KENSO as his partner, however, the pair fell short in their bid for the All Asia Tag Team Championships.
Inoue's first attempt at winning an All Japan singles championship since his return came on September 25, 2016, where he came up short against Yohei Nakajima in a match for the Gaora TV Championship. Inoue on January 2, 2017, received, along with partner Jun Akiyama, a match for the All Asia Tag Team Championships in a Street Bunkhouse Death Match against the champions Atsushi Onita and Masanobu Fuchi. The tandem ultimately came up short in their bid to dethrone the champions.

</doc>
<doc id="6917742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917742" title="Manjesti">
Manjesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917743" title="Semione">
Semione

Semione is a former municipality in the district of Blenio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. Since 15 March 2011, it is part of the municipality Serravalle.
Geography.
Semione has an area, , of . Of this area, or 10.2% is used for agricultural purposes, while or 78.3% is forested. Of the rest of the land, or 3.5% is settled (buildings or roads), or 0.5% is either rivers or lakes and or 2.4% is unproductive land.
Of the built up area, housing and buildings made up 2.3% and transportation infrastructure made up 1.0%. Out of the forested land, 75.0% of the total land area is heavily forested and 3.3% is covered with orchards or small clusters of trees. Of the agricultural land, 6.7% is used for growing crops, while 1.2% is used for orchards or vine crops and 2.3% is used for alpine pastures. All the water in the municipality is flowing water. Of the unproductive areas, and 1.4% is too rocky for vegetation.
The municipalities of Ludiano, Malvaglia and Semione merged on 15 March 2011 into the new municipality Serravalle.
Coat of arms.
The blazon of the municipal coat of arms is "Bendy of six gules and argent overall on a fess or three fleurs-de- lis azure."
Demographics.
Semione has a population () of . , 3.1% of the population are foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years (1997–2007) the population has changed at a rate of 9.2%.
Most of the population () speaks Italian(85.6%), with German being second most common (10.6%) and French being third ( 2.2%). Of the Swiss national languages (), 34 speak German, 7 people speak French, 274 people speak Italian. The remainder (5 people) speak another language.
, the gender distribution of the population was 53.2% male and 46.8% female. The population was made up of 183 Swiss men (51.5% of the population), and 6 (1.7%) non-Swiss men. There were 159 Swiss women (44.8%), and 7 (2.0%) non-Swiss women.
In there were 3 live births to Swiss citizens and births to non-Swiss citizens, and in same time span there were 4 deaths of Swiss citizens. Ignoring immigration and emigration, the population of Swiss citizens decreased by 1 while the foreign population remained the same. There were 2 Swiss men who immigrated back to Switzerland. At the same time, there . The total Swiss population change in 2008 (from all sources) was a decrease of 2 and the non-Swiss population change was a decrease of 2 people. This represents a population growth rate of -1.1%.
The age distribution, , in Semione is; 33 children or 9.3% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old and 24 teenagers or 6.8% are between 10 and 19. Of the adult population, 38 people or 10.7% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 40 people or 11.3% are between 30 and 39, 51 people or 14.4% are between 40 and 49, and 50 people or 14.1% are between 50 and 59. The senior population distribution is 59 people or 16.6% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 37 people or 10.4% are between 70 and 79, there are 23 people or 6.5% who are over 80.
 the average number of residents per living room was 0.52 which is fewer people per room than the cantonal average of 0.6 per room. In this case, a room is defined as space of a housing unit of at least as normal bedrooms, dining rooms, living rooms, kitchens and habitable cellars and attics. About 63.8% of the total households were owner occupied, or in other words did not pay rent (though they may have a mortgage or a rent-to-own agreement).
, there were 151 private households in the municipality, and an average of 2.1 persons per household. there were 175 single family homes (or 77.1% of the total) out of a total of 227 inhabited buildings. There were 35 two family buildings (15.4%) and 14 multi-family buildings (6.2%). There were also 3 buildings in the municipality that were multipurpose buildings (used for both housing and commercial or another purpose).
The vacancy rate for the municipality, , was 0%. there were 292 apartments in the municipality. The most common apartment size was the 3 room apartment of which there were 84. There were 21 single room apartments and 73 apartments with five or more rooms. Of these apartments, a total of 149 apartments (51.0% of the total) were permanently occupied, while 138 apartments (47.3%) were seasonally occupied and 5 apartments (1.7%) were empty. , the construction rate of new housing units was 2.8 new units per 1000 residents.
The historical population is given in the following table:
Heritage sites of national significance.
The Parish Church of S. Maria Assunta with Ossuary, the Oratory of S. Maria Bambina a Navone and the "Rovine del castello di Serravalle" are listed as Swiss heritage sites of national significance. The entire villages of Semione and Navone were listed on the Inventory of Swiss Heritage Sites.
Politics.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SP which received 27.49% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the Ticino League (20.02%), the FDP (19.81%) and the CVP (16.02%). In the federal election, a total of 122 votes were cast, and the voter turnout was 41.9%.
In the "Gran Consiglio" election, there were a total of 290 registered voters in Semione, of which 161 or 55.5% voted. 2 blank ballots were cast, leaving 159 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the SSI which received 40 or 25.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the PS (with 36 or 22.6%), the PLRT (with 25 or 15.7%) and the PLRT (with 25 or 15.7%).
In the "Consiglio di Stato" election, 1 blank ballot was cast, leaving 159 valid ballots in the election. The most popular party was the PS which received 43 or 27.0% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were; the LEGA (with 39 or 24.5%), the SSI (with 31 or 19.5%) and the PLRT (with 23 or 14.5%).
Economy.
, Semione had an unemployment rate of 1.96%. , there were 30 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 12 businesses involved in this sector. 13 people were employed in the secondary sector and there were 4 businesses in this sector. 6 people were employed in the tertiary sector, with 3 businesses in this sector. There were 136 residents of the municipality who were employed in some capacity, of which females made up 32.4% of the workforce.
, there were 13 workers who commuted into the municipality and 96 workers who commuted away. The municipality is a net exporter of workers, with about 7.4 workers leaving the municipality for every one entering. Of the working population, 4.4% used public transportation to get to work, and 65.4% used a private car.
Religion.
From the , 249 or 77.8% were Roman Catholic, while 26 or 8.1% belonged to the Swiss Reformed Church. There are 37 individuals (or about 11.56% of the population) who belong to another church (not listed on the census), and 8 individuals (or about 2.50% of the population) did not answer the question.
Education.
In Semione about 61.7% of the population (between age 25–64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either University or a "Fachhochschule").
In Semione there was a total of 44 students (). The Ticino education system provides up to three years of non-mandatory kindergarten and in Semione there were 7 children in kindergarten. The primary school program lasts for five years and includes both a standard school and a special school. In the municipality, 14 students attended the standard primary schools and 1 student attended the special school. In the lower secondary school system, students either attend a two-year middle school followed by a two-year pre-apprenticeship or they attend a four-year program to prepare for higher education. There were 11 students in the two-year middle school and 0 in their pre-apprenticeship, while 6 students were in the four-year advanced program.
The upper secondary school includes several options, but at the end of the upper secondary program, a student should be prepared to enter a trade or to continue to a university or college. In Ticino, vocational students may either attend school while working on their internship or apprenticeship (which takes three or four years) or may attend school followed by an internship or apprenticeship (which takes one year as a full-time student or one and a half to two years as a part-time student). There were 0 vocational students who were attending school full-time and 4 who attend part-time.
The professional program lasts three years and prepares a student for a job in engineering, nursing, computer science, business, tourism and similar fields. There was 1 student in the professional program.
, there were 30 residents attended schools outside the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6917747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917747" title="Index-linked">
Index-linked



</doc>
<doc id="6917748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917748" title="Maracineni">
Maracineni



</doc>
<doc id="6917750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917750" title="Right Now (Danity Kane song)">
Right Now (Danity Kane song)



</doc>
<doc id="6917752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917752" title="Varahamir">
Varahamir



</doc>
<doc id="6917753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917753" title="The Mask of Eternity">
The Mask of Eternity



</doc>
<doc id="6917754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917754" title="Marasti">
Marasti



</doc>
<doc id="6917756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917756" title="Strandherd Drive">
Strandherd Drive

Strandherd Drive is a major road serving the community of Barrhaven in southwest Ottawa.
Realignment and extension.
Up until the mid-1990s, Strandherd Drive was an east-west coursing road extending from Moodie Drive to Woodroffe Avenue. With the introduction of Highway 416 and the growth of Longfields and Chapman Mills, Strandherd Drive has been realigned and has seen an increase in traffic.
Standherd Drive begins in the west at an intersection with Fallowfield Road near Highway 416 as a two-lane road. The original portion of the road from Moodie Drive to Cedarview Road has been renamed McKenna Casey Drive and sees little traffic. Heading to Jockvale Road, Strandherd is a high-speed road at ; further east, there is a significant commercial area surrounding the intersection with Greenbank Road. The original part of Strandherd that terminated at Woodroffe has been renamed Deerfox Drive, and the new, higher-speed arterial road that originally ended at Crestway Avenue just east of Woodroffe has been extended to Prince of Wales Drive and across the Rideau River.
Vimy Memorial Bridge.
Work to extend the road across the Rideau River by combining a road bridge to connect to another growing community, Riverside South took place in the early 2010s. This bridge connects Strandherd Drive to Earl Armstrong Road in Riverside South. Initial plans for the bridge included a Light Rail track as a part of an O-Train extension to Barrhaven, but this project was canceled in 2006. Ottawa City Council cited the Strandherd-Armstrong Bridge, soon renamed the Vimy Memorial Bridge, as one of the priority projects for the future as it would relieve pressure from the Hunt Club Bridge located further north. Delayed several times, the bridge was finished in July 2014. The federal government with in lead Nepean—Carleton MP Pierre Poilievre announced $35 million in funding for the project but the majority of the Ottawa City Council refused the funding as it was money coming from a previous $200-million Liberal government announcement in 2004 for the light-rail extension. Despite the cancellation, then President of the Treasury Board John Baird left the money available for future transit projects. The Ontario government refused to pledge money as it did not, after the light-rail cancellation, include a rapid-transit corridor or lane.
Ongoing projects.
Starting in 2020, a widening project is currently underway to bring Strandherd Drive to four lanes between Maravista Drive and Jockvale Road. At the same time, a road bridge over the Via Rail line is being constructed in place of the original grade crossing. This project is planned to be completed in 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="6917757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917757" title="Give It Up, Turn It Loose">
Give It Up, Turn It Loose

"Give It Up, Turn It Loose" is a song by American R&amp;B/pop vocal group En Vogue, released as the fourth single from their second album, "Funky Divas" (1992). The song's title is a reference to the 1969 James Brown song "Give It Up or Turnit a Loose". Released on November 12, 1992 by Eastwest Records, the single reached number 15 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, number 16 on the "Billboard" Hot R&amp;B Singles chart, and number 22 on the UK Singles Chart. It was written and produced by Thomas McElroy and Denzil Foster, and features Maxine Jones on lead entirely. The music video was directed by Marcus Nispel. In 1994, the song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best R&amp;B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals at the 36th Annual Grammy Awards. 
Critical reception.
AllMusic editor Jose F. Promis described "Give It Up, Turn It Loose" as a "doo wop good-feelin'"-song. Daryl Easlea for BBC noted its "smooth old-school groove". Larry Flick from "Billboard" felt that here, the group vocally "glides with ease over a languid, retro-soul shuffle beat. Jazzy flutes and restrained funk guitars add texture that will warm the hearts of pop and urban folks alike." Randy Clark from "Cash Box" stated, "Although they use the same basic sound and style, these Funky Divas have opted for a more smooth and kicked back approach on this track, compared to their current spirited hit single, with an over-all vibe that's slightly reminiscent of Cheryl Lynn's 'Got to Be Real'." John Martinucci from the "Gavin Report" found that "Maxine and the girls are giving some sisterly advice for those who are stuck in dead end relationships", calling it a "down-tempo track". In his weekly UK chart commentary, James Masterton wrote, "If anything 'Give It Up' has less to recommend it than some of the others and so is unlikely to end up one of their bigger hits." 
Paul Lester from "Melody Maker" viewed it as "yet another funky En Vogue thing." Pan-European magazine "Music &amp; Media" commented, "In which direction will the catwalk lead this time? To soul music a la the Pointer Sisters, or four Mariah Careys." Parry Gettelman from "Orlando Sentinel" declared the "mid-tempo workout" as "a neat kiss-off song". In a retrospective review, Pop Rescue called it "such a funky track". Mark Sutherland from "Smash Hits" gave it four out of five, adding, "Not quite as snazzy as their last two hits, but still rather fabulous. The four Voguestresses strut about funkily and inform us that "love knocks you on your behind" in such a poignant fashion that you can only nod sagely and mutter 'how true'." Cheo H. Coker from "Stanford Daily" named it "perhaps the most enjoyable on the album; the jam is the catchiest thing since its Debarge predecessor, 'I Like It', from which it takes its inspiration."
Music video.
The accompanying music video for "Give It Up, Turn It Loose" was directed by German feature film director and producer Marcus Nispel. It is made in black-and-white and features the group performing in a beauty parlor while clips of life in the city play throughout the video. It was later made available on YouTube in 2015, and had generated more than 1.1 million views as of February 2023.

</doc>
<doc id="6917759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917759" title="Marcesti">
Marcesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917762" title="Margineni">
Margineni



</doc>
<doc id="6917769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917769" title="Marinesti">
Marinesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917773" title="Mary Lee Robb">
Mary Lee Robb

Mary Lee Robb Cline (February 15, 1926, – August 28, 2006) was a radio actress during the 1940s and 1950s. Her name is sometimes seen as Marylee Robb.
Early life.
Robb was born in Streator, Illinois, and lived much of her early life in Chicago. Her father, Alex S. Robb, was an executive at NBC. In 1939 her family moved to Los Angeles, California, where she attended University High School and University of California, Los Angeles.
Career.
Robb made her radio debut in 1947 on the "Lum and Abner" program. She also appeared on "The Penny Singleton Show".
As Mary Lee Robb, she is best known for playing Marjorie, Gildersleeve's niece, on "The Great Gildersleeve," replacing Louise Erickson in that role. A small role in a 1948 episode of that program led to the full-time role of Marjorie, which she played until 1954.
Personal life.
Robb's first marriage, to Charles Vance Smith, ended in divorce. Robb left acting in the mid-1950s in order to raise their son, Robb Smith, and daughter Alexandra. In 1983 she married William H. Cline, who died in 2005.
A year later, she died of heart failure at Desert Regional Medical Center in Palm Springs, California. Mary Lee Robb was survived by her daughter Alexandra, son Robb, son-in-law Alex, and daughter-in-law Melissa. Robb also left behind her two grandchildren, Robbyn and Tyler.

</doc>
<doc id="6917774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917774" title="HMS Trumpeter">
HMS Trumpeter

Several ships of the British Royal Navy have been named HMS "Trumpeter".

</doc>
<doc id="6917777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917777" title="Marita">
Marita

Marita may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917782" title="Debra Sapenter">
Debra Sapenter

Debra Elaine Sapenter (born February 27, 1952), is an American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 meters. She was born in Prairie View, Texas. In 1975 she was rated as the number one 400 meter women's sprinter in the United States. She competed for United States in the 1976 Summer Olympics, held in Montreal, in the 4 × 400 metres relay where she won the silver medal with her teammates Sheila Ingram, Pamela Jiles and Rosalyn Bryant.
After her running career Sapenter found a career in Information Technology holding Corporate Information Officer positions at Genuity, Harvard Pilgrim HealthCare / Harvard Vanguard, and Zürich Financial Group. In 1995 she was inducted into the Southwestern Athletic Conference Hall of Fame as Debra Sapenter-Speight.

</doc>
<doc id="6917783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917783" title="Maru Rosu">
Maru Rosu



</doc>
<doc id="6917788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917788" title="Maruntisu">
Maruntisu



</doc>
<doc id="6917790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917790" title="Rider-Waite Tarot deck">
Rider-Waite Tarot deck



</doc>
<doc id="6917795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917795" title="Matacina">
Matacina



</doc>
<doc id="6917796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917796" title="De La Salle Institute">
De La Salle Institute

De La Salle Institute is a private, Catholic, coeducational high school run by the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools in the Bronzeville neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago, Illinois. It was founded by Brother Adjutor of the De La Salle Brothers in 1889.
The school is considered a historic institution on Chicago's South Side. It is located three blocks east of Rate Field, the home of MLB's Chicago White Sox. While located in the historic Bronzeville neighborhood, it has very strong ties to the nearby Bridgeport neighborhood. The school is separated from Bridgeport and Rate Field by the Dan Ryan Expressway.
While coming from a commemorative book published by the school, the authors of "American Pharaoh:Mayor Richard J. Daley: His Battle for Chicago and the Nation" note the following about the school's impact on the history of Chicago:
"The Battle of Waterloo was won on the playing fields of Eton" but "the business leaders of Chicago were trained in the Counting Rooms of De La Salle."
History.
De La Salle Institute was founded by Brother Adjutor, a former director of St. Patrick High School, in 1889, after being chartered by the State of Illinois the previous year. The laying of the cornerstone on May 19, 1889 was a major event which began with an hour-long parade through the streets of Chicago. The ceremony was presided over by Archbishop Patrick Feehan, the first archbishop of the Archdiocese of Chicago. Classes and graduation ceremonies were held elsewhere until the building was complete, opening for students on 7 September 1891.
The school started as a two-year commercial school. The area which the school catered to was a poor area of the city, and many of the students were children of recent immigrants. As Br. Adjutor was quoted to have said: "I made up my mind to leave nothing undone in the direction of fitting the boys of the masses for the battle of life, morally as well as educationally." As times changed, the school grew to emphasize a college preparatory curriculum.
On 11 April 1925, the school was severely damaged by an early morning fire causing US$35,000 in damage . Two of the four floors were lost.
1926 saw plans for the addition of a new gymnasium behind the school at a cost of US$100,000 . These plans were later adjusted with a larger gym built on Michigan Avenue for US$175,000 (unadjusted).
The 1953–54 school year saw the school purchase the remainder of the block on which the school is situated. In March, ground breaking occurred for an addition to the school. In October 1955, ground was broken on an addition to the brothers' residence attached to the school.
By 1960, more room was needed to handle the increase in student population. A new addition was built north of the extant building, adding a gymnasium and more classrooms. Groundbreaking occurred in late September 1960, with the cornerstone being laid in June 1961. The US$850,000 addition was dedicated in May, 1962.
After decades of not having an outdoor sports stadium of its own, plans were made in 1967 to construct a stadium and sports complex. In a rare move, the fundraising for the stadium, estimated at US$250,000 was not headed by an alum, with the honorary chair of the development committee being given to George Halas, owner of the Chicago Bears.
In June 1984, with no more space for expansion, and the need for new facilities, the original four story school building was demolished.
The school has a history of diversity, dating back to its first class of nine students which included two Jewish students. Today roughly 28% of the school is African–American, 32% is Latino, and nearly 25% are non–Catholic.
In 2002, the school opened the Lourdes Hall Campus, a collaboration with the Sisters of St. Joseph of the Third Order of St. Francis. The school claims to be unique in the United States in that it is a co-educational institution, while still offering single-gender campuses.
Academics.
Coursework is divided into three areas: Social Sciences (which includes religious studies), Language Arts (which includes foreign languages and fine arts), and Applied Sciences (which includes the natural sciences, mathematics, and physical education). Students are required to take a minimum of six credits of course work for their freshman and sophomore years, and at least 5.5 credits as upperclassmen.
There are three program levels: Honors, College Preparatory, and General Studies.
Community service is required as a component of the religious studies courses, with the number of required hours dependent on the course and year in school. The service is a component of the course grade.
The following seven Advanced Placement courses are offered: U.S. History, Government and Politics, Spanish Language, French Language, Studio Art, English Literature, and Calculus (AB). There is also a course entitled "Honors Calculus BC" which is a follow-up for students who have taken AP Calculus AB, but is not offered as an AP course.
There are also technical courses offered at various levels (including honors) in electronics and small engines. A course in Computer System Management requires students to aid in computer maintenance at the school.
Tablet PC program.
In 2006, De La Salle began requiring incoming freshmen to lease or purchase an IBM X41 Tablet PC. The Tablet PCs allow students to take notes electronically and make use of the included textbook in e-books. Both De La Salle campuses are equipped with a WiFi network, allowing teachers and students to wirelessly access the Internet and print to network printers. De La Salle also has a computer repair center at each campus to deal with any computer problems or malfunctions. This year (2024), they are using the Lenovo Thinkpad L13 Yoga.
The Tolton Center.
The Tolton Center, is an adult education outreach program founded by De La Salle in 1991. Currently spread around to five locations, the Center provides classes for low-income adults on topics related to literacy and employment skills. Child services are also provided. While begun by the institute, the courses are non-religious in nature,[23]
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
The De La Salle Meteors men's teams compete in the Chicago Catholic League (CCL), while the women's teams compete in the Girls Catholic Athletic Conference (GCAC). The school also competes in state championship tournaments sponsored by the Illinois High School Association (IHSA).
In 1961, De La Salle joined some schools in leaving the Chicago Catholic League in order to form a new conference (the Chicagoland Prep League) and participate in the IHSA. At the time, the Chicago Catholic League members were not IHSA members, and under IHSA guidelines, schools in the IHSA could not play schools outside the organization, nor could schools outside the organization compete for state championships.
The following teams have finished in the top four of their respective IHSA state tournaments:
In the era before De La Salle came under the auspices of the IHSA, De La Salle won a National Catholic Basketball Championship in 1928–1929, defeating St. Stanislaus High School of St. Louis, Missouri.
On October 24, 2008, De La Salle took part in Toyota Park's first ever American football game as opponents to Fenwick. De La Salle won the game, 17–10.
On February 22, 2014 the De La Salle basketball team won the first ever Inaugural Catholic League Tournament Championship against Mount Carmel High School with a score of 67–62.
Performing arts.
The school offers an introductory course to learning a musical instrument, as a pathway for novice musicians to enter the concert band. The concert band is a full year course, with an honors option involving research in addition to performance.
In addition to courses in introductory and advanced Drama, students may participate in such activities as improvisation, stage combat, one act plays and slam poetry. During the second semester, students are in charge of directing their own plays, and in some cases, writing and producing them as well. Students who participate in the theater program for an extended amount of time may be inducted into the International Thespian Society.
Other non-athletic activities.
De La Salle Institute offers 15 sports for boys and girls, as well as many clubs such as Mock Trial, Chess Club, Weight Lifting, Boxing, Guitar Club, Science Club, Spanish Club, French Club, Web Design, and Drama.
Financial information.
The tuition for the 2007–08 school year is US$9,125, however the school has an educational scholarship open to "most" domestic students, which is worth $1,825. The school also claims that about 55% of students receive additional financial aid through an application process.
Students must also have their own Tablet PC. There is the option to "lease-to-own" at $56–per–month for 46 months. There is also the option to purchase the computer outright at $2,200.
Notable alumni.
Government and politics.
Five mayors of Chicago are among the alumni. For only ten years (1979–89) between 1947 and early 2011, has the Mayor of Chicago not been an alumnus of this school.
Others:

</doc>
<doc id="6917800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917800" title="Merisor">
Merisor



</doc>
<doc id="6917801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917801" title="Mary Lee Robb Cline">
Mary Lee Robb Cline



</doc>
<doc id="6917802" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917802" title="Merisoru">
Merisoru



</doc>
<doc id="6917805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917805" title="Sport horse">
Sport horse

A sport horse or sporthorse is a type of horse, rather than any particular breed. The term is usually applied to horses bred for the traditional Olympic equestrian sporting events of dressage, eventing, show jumping, and combined driving, but the precise definition varies. In the United States, horses used in hunt seat and show hunter competition are often classed as sport horses, whereas the British show hunter is classified as a "show horse."
Horses used for western riding disciplines, Saddle seat, or any form of horse racing are generally not described as sport horses.
Breeding.
Sport horses are bred for specific qualities in their conformation, movement, and temperament. The purpose and breeding of sport horses across the world varies little, but the exact definition of a "sport horse" differs slightly from country to country. In the United Kingdom, the term "sport horse" refers to any horse suitable for dressage, eventing or show jumping. In the US, the definition is broader, sometimes encompassing horses used in any of the hunt seat disciplines.
Worldwide, the breeding of sport horses is overseen by the World Breeding Federation for Sport Horses. The WBFSH acts as a connection between sport horse breeding organizations and the International Federation for Equestrian Sports (FEI).
Characteristics common to quality sport horses include the following:
Breeds.
Many Warmblood breeds were specifically developed for use as sport horses, particularly for use in dressage and show jumping. Thoroughbreds are also commonly used as sport horses, particularly in eventing, and some have been bred specifically as sport horses, rather than as race horses. Such Thoroughbreds tend to have a heavier sport horse build, rather than the leaner conformation of a race horse. However, there have also been many instances of former race horses being retrained as successful sport horses. Thoroughbreds are often crossed with warmbloods and draft horses to create sport horses, and such crosses were also the historic foundation of most warmblood breeds. One example is the Irish Sport Horse, a cross between the Thoroughbred and Irish Draught breeds.
Additional breeds, such as the assorted Baroque horse breeds, American Quarter Horses, Arabian horses, Morgans, several pony breeds, and even some gaited breeds such as the American Saddlebred are sometimes used as sport horses. Representatives of many different breeds have been successful at the highest levels, although in international competition, horses with warmblood or Thoroughbred ancestry are in the majority.

</doc>
<doc id="6917806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917806" title="The Goddamn Batman">
The Goddamn Batman



</doc>
<doc id="6917808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917808" title="Mesteacan">
Mesteacan



</doc>
<doc id="6917812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917812" title="Mesteacanu">
Mesteacanu



</doc>
<doc id="6917813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917813" title="Sheila Ingram">
Sheila Ingram

Sheila Rena Ingram (March 23, 1957 – September 1, 2020) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres.
Born in Washington, D.C., she competed for United States in the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal, Canada in the 4 × 400 metres where she won the silver medal with her teammates Debra Sapenter, Pamela Jiles and Rosalyn Bryant. She was the 1976 National Champion, behind Lorna Forde a guest participant from Barbados.

</doc>
<doc id="6917814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917814" title="Cordillera de Apaneca">
Cordillera de Apaneca

Cordillera de Apaneca is a volcanic mountain range in western El Salvador. It consists mainly of volcanoes. Ilamatepec volcano, one of the most active in the region, is a part of this range.
The volcanoes in the range Santa Ana Volcano, Izalco Volcano, and Cerro Verde were the inspiration for the two active and one dormant volcanoes in Antoine de Saint-Exupéry's novella "The Little Prince", based on his life with his Salvadoran wife Consuelo de Saint-Exupéry, who was The Rose in the story.

</doc>
<doc id="6917817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917817" title="Charles II Stuart">
Charles II Stuart



</doc>
<doc id="6917818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917818" title="Miculesti">
Miculesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917820" title="Sierra de Apaneca">
Sierra de Apaneca



</doc>
<doc id="6917822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917822" title="Mihaesti">
Mihaesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917826" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917826" title="The Journal of Music">
The Journal of Music

Journal of Music (formerly Journal of Music in Ireland, or JMI) is an Irish music magazine founded in 2000. It "has been a critical voice in Traditional and Contemporary musics since 2000". In 2009 it was relaunched as the Journal of Music.
In 2010, the "Journal of Music" was the recipient of "Utne Reader" magazine's Utne Independent Press Award for Arts Coverage.

</doc>
<doc id="6917827" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917827" title="Mihaiesti">
Mihaiesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917831" title="Road Tax">
Road Tax



</doc>
<doc id="6917832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917832" title="Mihaileni">
Mihaileni



</doc>
<doc id="6917835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917835" title="Milesti">
Milesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917840" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917840" title="Mircea Voda">
Mircea Voda



</doc>
<doc id="6917841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917841" title="Agia Pelagia">
Agia Pelagia

Agia Pelagia (, "Saint Pelagia") is a popular seaside resort in the municipality of Malevizi, 23 km northwest of Crete's capital city of Heraklion. In former times, Agia Pelagia was a tiny fishing village and a place for the residents of nearby Achlada village to grow their crops. Today, the village built at the center of a picturesque amphitheatric bay has been transformed into a bustling tourist resort featuring five-star hotels, traditional seaside tavernas, cafes, bars, internet cafés, ATMs, and souvenir shops.
The village takes its name from the homonymous church, in the Monastery of the Sebbathians, ruins of which are found at a distance of 1 km west of the village. The beaches of the village are popular with locals and tourists because they are sheltered by the rock outcroppings that almost encircle Agia Pelagia Bay.
Agia Pelagia was heavily damaged by the 2022 Greek floods.
Archaeology.
The first major excavations at Agia Pelagia were carried out at Cape Souda, near Evresi Cave, by Sir Arthur Evans. It was archaeologist Stylianos Alexiou, along with Dr. Athanasia Kanta, who performed the majority of later research. Alexiou, and others put forward the hypothesis that Agia Pelagia was the site of ancient Panormos (Ancient Greek: Πάνορμος), also known as Aulopotamos (Αὐλοπόταμος). At the north end of Agia Pelagia Bay, remnants of excavations of the Hellenistic town of Apollonia (), also Apollonia (Ἀπολλωνία) can still be seen.
The legendary archaeologist John Pendlebury classified surface finds discovered at Agia Pelagia as "implied" proof of a Late Minoan settlement there. Post-Minoan graves and the University (Prtanion) of the 4th century BC were found in 1970 at the site "Kladistos" or "Kladotos". Also, there is a nearby cave, with the name "Evresi", where - according to legend - local people found the icon of Agia Pelagia.
The village also has outcrops of blue-greenschist rock which was quarried and used to pave streets and floors of Minoan palaces between 1650 and 1600 BC.

</doc>
<doc id="6917845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917845" title="Konstantin Andreev">
Konstantin Andreev

Konstantin Alekseevich Andreev (14 March 1848 – 29 October 1921) was a Russian mathematician, best known for his work on geometry, especially projective geometry. He was one of the founders of the Kharkov Mathematical Society. This society is one of the early mathematics societies in Russia and was founded in 1879.
Andreev was born in Moscow in a merchant family specialized in fur trading. When he was young, their business went into decline, and the family had to endure severe hardship. During that time, he also lost one eye in an accident that had delayed his studies – he entered gymnasium only in 1860, at the age of 12. However, he rapidly progressed, especially in mathematics, and by the age of 14 started giving private lessons to earn money for his subsistence. In 1867, Andreev enrolled to the Mathematics Department of the Moscow University. As the fourth year he wrote an essay "On the tables of mortality" which was awarded gold medal by the faculty and published in the Scientific Memoirs of the Moscow University, thereby becoming his first scientific work. Andreev graduated in 1871 but remained at the faculty and within two years obtained a Master Diploma.
Around that time, by recommendation of one of his teachers, Andreev was invited for PhD studies to the University of Kharkiv. He accepted and from January 1874 began teaching university courses there. In February 1875, he defended his PhD "On a geometric formation of planar curves" and was promoted to a full-time lecturer. At the end of 1876, Andreev was sent for practice to Europe for one and half years. He spent that time mostly in Berlin and Paris, where he prepared his habilitation work "On the geometric correspondences, as applied to the problem of constructing curves". He defended that work in Moscow in February 1879 and was soon appointed as full professor of the Kharkiv University, as well as of Kharkiv Technology Institute.
In 1884, he was elected as a correspondent member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and in the summer of that year reported his work "On Poncelet polygons" at a conference in La Rochelle, France. In 1898 Andreev returned to Moscow, to assume a post of professor at the Department of Mathematics of Moscow University. Simultaneously, he became director of Alexander School of Business (at Basman), which post he held until 1907, and spent much time working for secondary education system. At Moscow University, Andreev became the first dean elect of the Physics and Mathematics Faculty (from 1905 to 1911), where he introduced the standard lecture cycle system. In 1911, he had to resign as a dean and stop lecturing due to a throat tumor, which he had operated in 1913 in Europe. He then resumed teaching at Moscow University until 1917, when other health problems urged him to abandon most activities and moved to the health resorts of Crimea. He died near Sevastopol in October 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="6917850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917850" title="Moara Domneasca">
Moara Domneasca



</doc>
<doc id="6917851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917851" title="Prince-Bishopric of Constance">
Prince-Bishopric of Constance

The Prince-Bishopric of Constance () was a small ecclesiastical principality of the Holy Roman Empire from the mid-12th century until its secularisation in 1802–1803. In his dual capacity as prince and as bishop, the prince-bishop also administered the Diocese of Konstanz, which existed from about 585 until its dissolution in 1821, and whose territory extended over an area much larger than the principality. It belonged to the ecclesiastical province of Mainz since 780/782.
Geography.
The Imperial immediate territory of the prince-bishopric was scattered on both sides of western Lake Constance, stretching from the Höri peninsula and the High Rhine in the west along Untersee with the Monastic Island of Reichenau, the Bodanrück peninsula, and Lake Überlingen to the Linzgau region in the northeast. This did not include the Imperial City of Constance nor Petershausen Abbey. In the south, the bishop's territory bordered on the Landgraviate of Thurgau which was conquered by the Swiss Confederacy in 1460.
The Imperial state should not be confused with the diocese of the same name, which was considerably larger (see map), covering much of present-day Baden-Württemberg, a large part of Switzerland all the way south to the Gotthard Pass, as well as a small part of Vorarlberg, Austria. While the Prince-Bishop was the secular ruler in his prince-bishopric, his authority in his diocese was limited to the pastoral duties exercised by any bishop.
History.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Constance, one of the largest dioceses of Germany, was founded in the late 6th century in the course of the Christianization of the Alamanni tribes around Lake Constance and the Upper Rhine. Originally subordinated to the Archdiocese of Besançon, Constance became suffragan to the Archdiocese of Mainz in 782.
A deed by Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa in 1155 confirmed the princely status of the bishop and of his bishopric as an Imperial Estate. The territory of the prince-bishopric contracted during the following centuries under pressure from both the Swiss Confederacy and the House of Habsburg. Furthermore, the city of Constance was granted the status of a free imperial city and from then on the bishop's sovereignty in the city was restricted to a small area around the cathedral. In 1527, during the Protestant Reformation, the administrative seat of the Prince-Bishop was finally moved to Meersburg across Lake Constance. However, Constance fell to the Counter-Reformation promoted by the Habsburgs, who eventually abolished its status as a free imperial city and incorporated it into their Further Austrian possessions in 1548.
The huge diocese of Constance suffered heavily during the Reformation and it lost several hundred parishes, convents and other Catholic foundations which were suppressed by the various states, free imperial cities and cantons in Swabia and Switzerland that had become Protestant.
In the course of the German Mediatisation in 1803, the Prince-Bishopric was dissolved and its territory was annexed to the Margraviate of Baden.
In turn, the diocese was dissolved by Pope Pius VII in 1821 after Vicar General Ignaz Heinrich von Wessenberg had been elected diocesan administrator upon the death of the last bishop Karl Theodor von Dalberg in 1817. While Wessenberg was supported by the government of Baden, the Pope never recognized his election on account of Wessenberg's liberal views. By a bull of 16 August 1821, the pope dissolved the diocese in order to prevent Wessenberg from becoming bishop. The area of the diocese in Baden became part of the newly established Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Freiburg in 1827 while the Swiss areas were incorporated in the Diocese of Basel. As a result of these changes, the cantons of Obwalden and Nidwalden, parts of Uri, Glarus and Zürich were assigned provisionally to the administration of the Diocese of Chur, an arrangement still enduring.

</doc>
<doc id="6917852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917852" title="Eriswell">
Eriswell

Eriswell is a village and civil parish of West Suffolk in the English county of Suffolk. In 2011 the parish had a population of 3101.
About forty scattered archaeological finds have been made here, including Bronze Age battle axes, palstaves and rapiers. The greater part of these objects have been entrusted to the Moyse's Hall Museum in Bury St Edmunds while other items are in the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology in Cambridge. From 1974 to 2019 it was in Forest Heath district.

</doc>
<doc id="6917853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917853" title="Bishop of Constance">
Bishop of Constance



</doc>
<doc id="6917855" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917855" title="Modolesti">
Modolesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917856" title="Cambridge Broadband">
Cambridge Broadband

Cambridge Broadband Networks Limited (CBNL) is a British telecommunications company which develops and manufactures point-to-multipoint (PMP) wireless backhaul and access solutions.
The company is owned by these investors: Amadeus Capital Partners, Accel Partners, TVM Capital GmbH, Adara Venture Partners and Samsung Ventures Europe.
Locations.
The company's headquarters are in Cambridge in the United Kingdom, as part of the Cambridge technology cluster (Silicon Fen). CBNL also has offices in South Africa, Nigeria and Kenya.
Products and services.
The company's VectaStar product uses its PMP topology to share wireless backhaul and access resource between several cell sites, each generating voice and packet traffic. This technology means spectrum can be managed dynamically and efficiently. VectaStar is used by telecommunications network providers to build wireless backhaul and access networks, such as new packet networks; mobile broadband network upgrades; Ethernet enterprise networks and 2G – 3G IP backhaul migration. VectaStar delivers up to and over 300 Mbit/s full duplex per sector and is deployable in 2G, 3G, 4G, 5G small cell and Long Term Evolution (LTE) backhaul networks.
The company also offers the following services: network planning and design; network deployment; network operation; customer training and WEEE recycling.
History.
The company was founded in 2000 by ten engineers from Cambridge University who obtained private equity funding relating to the increased demand for mobile communications. Soon after the company started, the earliest variant of "VectaStar" was released. Over the following years CBNL identified new market opportunities and developed product variants to address those, including new frequencies and a move into the backhaul space.
The period of 2005–2010 saw the Company grow 864 per cent, a ranking in the top 200 on the Deloitte "Technology Fast 500 EMEA" 2010, a ranking of the 500 fastest growing technology companies in EMEA, and a ranking of 38 in the Sunday Times "Microsoft Tech Track 100" in 2011.
In November 2011 the Company supplied microwave radio equipment to backhaul Telefónica UK's O2 4G trial network in London, UK.
Small cells.
In April 2012 CBNL announced that it had been accepted as a member of the Small Cell Forum, a not-for-profit membership organization that seeks to enable and promote small cell technology worldwide. CBNL has since been appointed Vice Chair of Small Cell Forum Backhaul Special Interest group.
As a member of Next Generation Mobile Networks (NGMN) Alliance, CBNL worked with operators and vendors to try to determine consensus around the specific needs for Small Cell backhaul technology. Results from this work were published in July 2012 in the NGMN Alliance's white paper ‘Small Cell Backhaul Requirements’.

</doc>
<doc id="6917857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917857" title="Going Underground (6teen Episode)">
Going Underground (6teen Episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6917862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917862" title="Moisa">
Moisa



</doc>
<doc id="6917863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917863" title="Diocese of Constance">
Diocese of Constance



</doc>
<doc id="6917865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917865" title="Bring It On (6teen Episode)">
Bring It On (6teen Episode)



</doc>
<doc id="6917867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917867" title="Morareni">
Morareni



</doc>
<doc id="6917874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917874" title="Morut">
Morut

Morut may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917877" title="Bishopric of Konstanz">
Bishopric of Konstanz



</doc>
<doc id="6917878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917878" title="Mosna, Poland">
Mosna, Poland

Mosna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Czersk, east of Chojnice, and south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For details of the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.

</doc>
<doc id="6917884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917884" title="Mosneni">
Mosneni



</doc>
<doc id="6917887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917887" title="Prix Daniel Wildenstein">
Prix Daniel Wildenstein

The Prix Daniel Wildenstein is a Group 2 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Longchamp over a distance of 1,600 metres (about 1 mile), and it is scheduled to take place each year in late September or early October.
History.
The event was established in 1882, and it was originally called the Prix du Rond Point. It was initially run over 2,200 metres, and was cut to 2,000 metres in 1891. It was extended to 2,100 metres in 1903, and reverted to 2,000 metres in 1909.
The race was abandoned throughout World War I, with no running from 1914 to 1919. It was shortened to 1,600 metres in 1921, and increased to 1,700 metres in 1922.
The Prix du Rond Point was cancelled twice during World War II, in 1939 and 1940. It was held at Maisons-Laffitte in 1943, and Le Tremblay in 1944.
The distance was cut to 1,600 metres in 1953, and it returned to 1,700 metres in 1958. It was set at 1,400 metres in 1959, and restored to 1,600 metres in 1969.
The present system of race grading was introduced in 1971, and the Prix du Rond Point was classed at Group 3 level. For a period it took place in early September, and it was switched to late September in 1980.
The event was added to the two-day Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe meeting in 1987. For several years it was staged on the same day as the Arc, the first Sunday in October. It was promoted to Group 2 status in 1990, and moved to the Saturday of the meeting in 2001.
The race was renamed in memory of Daniel Wildenstein (1917–2001), a leading racehorse owner and breeder, in 2002.
Records.
Most successful horse (2 wins):
Leading jockey (5 wins):
Leading trainer (4 wins):
Leading owner (4 wins):

</doc>
<doc id="6917895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917895" title="Motis">
Motis

Motis may refer to one of the following: 

</doc>
<doc id="6917903" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917903" title="Laura Hardy (The Hardy Boys)">
Laura Hardy (The Hardy Boys)



</doc>
<doc id="6917904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917904" title="Sayeret Duvdevan">
Sayeret Duvdevan



</doc>
<doc id="6917907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917907" title="Movilita">
Movilita



</doc>
<doc id="6917914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917914" title="Want It.">
Want It.



</doc>
<doc id="6917916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917916" title="Quetzaltepec">
Quetzaltepec

Quetzaltepec can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6917918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917918" title="Negesti">
Negesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917925" title="Negoiesti">
Negoiesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917927" title="Laura hardy">
Laura hardy



</doc>
<doc id="6917932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917932" title="Negulesti">
Negulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917935" title="B.O.T.A. Tarot">
B.O.T.A. Tarot



</doc>
<doc id="6917941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917941" title="Nenciulesti">
Nenciulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917942" title="Friedrich der Große (1896)">
Friedrich der Große (1896)



</doc>
<doc id="6917945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917945" title="Houseparty">
Houseparty



</doc>
<doc id="6917949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917949" title="Nicolesti">
Nicolesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917954" title="Seatack">
Seatack



</doc>
<doc id="6917957" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917957" title="Novacesti">
Novacesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917962" title="Obarseni">
Obarseni



</doc>
<doc id="6917968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917968" title="Odobesti">
Odobesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917971" title="Love and Other Disasters">
Love and Other Disasters

Love and Other Disasters is a 2006 romantic comedy film written and directed by Alek Keshishian. It had its world premiere at the 2006 Toronto International Film Festival. In 2008, the film had its UK premiere in London as the gala screening for the BFI 22nd .
Brittany Murphy portrays an assistant at British "Vogue" who is the catalyst for a group of young friends as they try to find love. Outfest 2007 presented the film as one of their features. Keshishian originally wanted Gwyneth Paltrow to play Jacks, but she was pregnant at the time. Paltrow was later given a cameo role.
Plot.
Emily "Jacks" Jackson is an American transplant living in London and working as an intern at British "Vogue". She shares an apartment with her gay friend Peter Simon, a screenwriter. Afraid to be disappointed by a serious relationship, Jacks prefers to spend her free time with her friends and sleep with her ex-boyfriend, James, whom she does not love.
Peter, who has never been in a relationship, spends too much time in his dreams and as a result cannot fall in love with a real person. It gets more complicated with the entrance of Paolo, an assistant for one of the photographers at "Vogue". As the film develops, they come to realize their mistakes and eventually reach their happy endings.
Reception.
David Rooney of "Variety" wrote, "wanly conceived effort looks an unlikely bet for significant bigscreen dates" and "Keshishian’s script is sloppy in both setting up and sustaining the sexual identity confusion that fuels the comic engine".
Greg Hernandez of Out in Hollywood called it "a damned entertaining film", "well-written and well-directed by Alek Keshishian and wonderfully acted" and "includes a hilarious scene featuring cameos by Gwyneth Paltrow and Orlando Bloom."

</doc>
<doc id="6917974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917974" title="Olesesti">
Olesesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917979" title="Oncesti">
Oncesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917989" title="Oprisesti">
Oprisesti



</doc>
<doc id="6917990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917990" title="Love Don't Love You">
Love Don't Love You

"Love Don't Love You" is a song by American R&amp;B/pop vocal group En Vogue, released in February 1993 by Eastwest Records as the final single from their second album, "Funky Divas" (1992). The song was both written and produced by Thomas McElroy and Denzil Foster, and became the group's fifth consecutive top-40 single from the album in the United States. It peaked at numbers 36 and 31 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and "Cash Box" Top 100. The song is led by group members Terry Ellis and Cindy Herron.
Critical reception.
AllMusic editor Jose F. Promis described "Love Don't Love You" as "jazzy". Larry Flick from "Billboard" commented, "There just ain't no stoppin' these funky divas", adding that the new single "is a bit more aggressive and catchy than the previous "Give It Up, Turn It Loose". Syncopated funk beats clip at an easy pace, supporting an intricate and expectedly harmonious vocal arrangement." Randy Clark from "Cash Box" viewed it as a "particular scantily-arranged cut". Dave Sholin from the "Gavin Report" complimented its "dynamic production, incredible harmonies and great material [that] make an unbeatable formula." A reviewer from "Music &amp; Media" said, "Funk, rock, pop, jazz, well ladies, what's it gonna be this time? The "funky divas of all trades" go swing beat, with lovely results of course." 
Alan Jones from "Music Week" wrote that they "return with a nagging jack swing track that will remind Jade what they're up against in the battle of the funky divas." He added, "The singing is as good as it gets, but some of the mixes are a bit on the flabby side, and probably diminish rather than broaden its appeal." Pop Rescue stated that the vocals "are beautiful, and sit perfectly alongside the beats and bassline." They concluded, "It’s brilliant." Pete Stanton from "Smash Hits" gave the song three out of five, declaring it as a "funky number that oozes something extremely naughty and tasty. Not as powerful as the last few singles but still as groove-filled as you'd expect from the Divas." Cheo H. Coker from "Stanford Daily" felt that it "isn't bad, but just doesn't pack as much punch as other cuts on the effort."

</doc>
<doc id="6917991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917991" title="Dolphin drive fishing">
Dolphin drive fishing



</doc>
<doc id="6917993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917993" title="Cult of the Machine">
Cult of the Machine



</doc>
<doc id="6917996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917996" title="Fenton Hardy (The Hardy Boys)">
Fenton Hardy (The Hardy Boys)



</doc>
<doc id="6917998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6917998" title="Orasti">
Orasti



</doc>
<doc id="6918004" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918004" title="Padurea">
Padurea



</doc>
<doc id="6918011" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918011" title="Padureni">
Padureni



</doc>
<doc id="6918017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918017" title="Padurenii">
Padurenii



</doc>
<doc id="6918026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918026" title="Paltinis">
Paltinis



</doc>
<doc id="6918033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918033" title="Natural resources of the Republic of Ireland">
Natural resources of the Republic of Ireland

The primary natural resources of the Republic of Ireland include natural gas, petroleum, peat, copper, lead, dolomite, barite, limestone, gypsum, silver and zinc. Key industries based on these and other natural resources include fishing, mining, and various forms of agriculture and fish farming. The Department of Communications, Energy and Natural Resources is charged with the legislative protection of Ireland's natural resources.
Mining.
The historic and archaeological record of the island demonstrates a history of mining dating to Bronze Age Ireland, when the south was an important copper producer – including from sites at Ross Island, Kerry, Allihies, Cork and later Bunmahon, Waterford.
Mining became more industrialised during the Industrial Revolution, and gold mining experienced some growth – including a "gold rush" in the late 18th and early 19th centuries at Gold Mines River, Wicklow. Later 20th and 21st century gold-mining plans were met with significant opposition owing to the expected environmental impact.
By the late 20th century, Ireland became a significant player in the industry, ranking highly in a Fraser Institute survey. As of 2007, Ireland produced 38% of Western Europe's zinc and 25% of its lead, from lead and zinc mines including Lisheen Mine, Tipperary, Tara Mine, Meath, and Galmoy Mine, Kilkenny.
As of the 21st century, mining companies operating in Ireland include Anglo-American plc, Arcon, New Boliden, Conroy Diamonds and Gold, Hereward Ventures plc, Minco Mining &amp; Metals Corporation, and others.
Primary raw material industries in Ireland include those involving steel, lead, zinc, silver, aluminium, barite, and gypsum mining processing. Heavy industry relying on these materials is centered around key port cities such as Dublin, Cork, and Belfast (the latter in Northern Ireland).
Energy sources.
Peat.
Peat has been Ireland's staple fuel for centuries and as of 2005 it provided about 9% of the country's energy needs. Peatlands cover approximately 17% of the area of Ireland, and Bord na Móna (the "Peat Board") is a semi-state company charged with the mechanised harvesting of peat – extracting more than 4 million tonnes in 2014. 
Bord na Móna reduced peat harvesting in 2017 and implemented a "Brown to Green" transition to eliminate peat harvesting from 2018. 
In recent years, peat harvesting has been continued by individuals who generally use the fuel in their domestic fireplaces and appliances.
Gas.
Major fossil fuel finds include the Kinsale Head gas field and Corrib gas field. The latter entails the extraction of gas from a natural gas deposit off the northwest coast of Ireland. The project includes a development of the Corrib gas field, and constructions of the natural gas pipeline and a gas processing plant. The Corrib project attracted significant and sustained controversy owing to concerns about its environmental impact, safety issues (due to proximity to residential areas), alleged planning irregularities, debate on the conditions in which private interests benefit from state resources, and the perceived poor contribution that the project returns to the economy. A number of groups, notably the Rossport Five and Shell to Sea campaign, gained national attention for their opposition to the project. While, as of 2024, the Corrib gas field had been substantially depleted, an adjacent gas find called Iniskea is seeking to connect to the Corrib subsea infrastructure and maintain the jobs and onshore investment in County Mayo.
Oil.
An Irish oil exploration company called Providence Resources announced in July 2012 that it had discovered a field with in excess of 1 billion barrels of oil at the Barryroe oil well, 70 km from the coast of County Cork. Providence later revised the amount of oil obtainable to approximately 300 million barrels, worth several billions of euro. Providence has interests in other Irish oil and gas fields, including one off the coast of Spanish Point in Clare. Other potential offshore oil and gas fields have yet to be explored for viability.
Renewable resources.
Ireland's experience with state-sponsored renewable energy projects dates from 1925, and the Ardnacrusha project. Other new and renewable energy projects include hydroelectric, solar, and wind power initiatives, including one of the country's first wind farms at Bellacorick in 1992.
Agriculture, aquaculture and forestry.
Farming (including livestock rearing, dairy products, cereals, potatoes), is a key contributor to the Economy of Ireland. In 2005, Ireland exported approximately €7.3 billion worth of agri-food and drink (about 8.6% of its exports), mainly as cattle, beef, and dairy products, and mainly to the United Kingdom (including Northern Ireland). Agriculture products include turnips, barley, potatoes, wheat, beef, and dairy products. The warmer and more moist conditions in the south and southwest have the potential to support other crops – including soybeans.
The fishing grounds around Ireland's territorial seas and waters include the Irish Conservation Box – a 100,000 km2 zone specifically protected from overfishing. In addition, Ireland has many thousands of kilometres of fish-bearing rivers and lakes. These fresh water habitats support native fish species including char, eel, brown trout, perch, pike, pollan, and roach. The North Atlantic Drift warms the waters off the coast, increasing the number of warm water fish species caught offshore.
Ireland has amongst the lowest forest cover of all European countries, with 11% coverage compared to a European average of over 30%. Coillte is the state-sponsored entity responsible for forestry management – it is responsible to the Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine and Minister for Finance.
Mushrooms are a significant industry in Ireland and one that bears the significant exposure from Brexit negotiations. Irish producers grow around 70,000 tons of mushrooms each year, 80% of which are sold in the UK, for a value of €120 million each year. Fresh mushrooms need to be sold very quickly after harvest, about 5 to 7 days. The industry is heavily dependent on the open border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland with producers poised close to the border and working together on a cross-border basis to purchase supplies and transport their harvested produce.
Legislation affecting natural resource management.
Wildlife Act of 1976.
The Wildlife Act 1976 sought to protect certain wildlife (including game) and flora. Under its terms, the Wildlife Advisory Council (later abolished in 1987) was established, responsible for wildlife reserves, protection of breeding grounds, herd management, and migration. The act also covered new legislation relating to land, inland waters and territorial waters. The act was amended several times. The first in 1985 sought to manage and protect birds, and the second in 1986 added controls on wild bird species. The Wildlife (Amendment) Act 2000 provided protection for Natural Heritage Areas as well as legislation relating to hunting of birds in protected forests.
Forestry Act 1988.
The Forestry Act 1988, made provisions for the enlargement of forestry in the state, and provided the establishment of a company – later named Coillte – which was mandated with the management of state owned forests, and with providing grant aid to commercial and privately owned forest farming and planted woodland. It was amended on 15 August 2000.
Sea Pollution Act 1991.
Originally constituted on 11 August 1959, the Sea Pollution Act set out to prevent the pollution of the sea, gave effect to the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships, and related matters. Also included was the maintenance of marine pollution, oil pollution, and waste water.
Protection of the Environment Act 2003.
The Protection of the Environment 2003 provided for the execution of Directive 96/61/EC concerning integrated pollution prevention and control. It also amended the Environmental Protection Agency Act of 1992 and the Waste Management Act of 1996 and the Litter Pollution Act 1997. It mainly sought to prevent water pollution and protect land and soil quality.
Fisheries acts.
The Fisheries (Amendment) Act 2001 sought to modify and extend the Fisheries (Amendment) Act 1997; to confirm fees for certain fish culture and aquaculture licenses. The Fisheries (Amendment) Act 2001 sought to support the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea. This related to the conservation and management of fish stocks; licensing of sea-fishing boats, to amend the Foreshore Act 1933, the Fisheries Acts 1959 to 2001 and the Merchant Shipping (Certification of Seamen) Act of 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="6918034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918034" title="Give It Up Turn It Loose">
Give It Up Turn It Loose



</doc>
<doc id="6918036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918036" title="The Cult of the Machine">
The Cult of the Machine



</doc>
<doc id="6918037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918037" title="Paltinisu">
Paltinisu



</doc>
<doc id="6918038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918038" title="Christine Doerner">
Christine Doerner

Christine Doerner (born 18 July 1952) is a Luxembourgish politician, advocate, and notary. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2004 to 2013, and has also sat as a member of Bettembourg communal council since 2000. She has been a member of the Christian Social People's Party since 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="6918039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918039" title="Tuck Rule Game">
Tuck Rule Game

The 2001 AFC Divisional Playoff game, also known as the Tuck Rule Game or the Snow Bowl, and sometimes referred to as Snow Bowl 2, was a National Football League (NFL) playoff game between the New England Patriots and the Oakland Raiders. Part of the second round of the 2001–02 NFL playoffs, the game was played on January 19, 2002 at Foxboro Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts, at the time the Patriots' home stadium, and was the last game ever played at the stadium. There was a heavy snowfall during the game.
The name Tuck Rule Game originates from the controversial play that changed the course of the game. In the fourth quarter, Raiders' cornerback Charles Woodson tackled Patriots' quarterback Tom Brady, causing what game officials initially ruled to be a fumble that was recovered by Raiders' linebacker Greg Biekert. However, upon review of the play, officials eventually determined that even though Brady had seemingly halted his passing motion and was attempting to "tuck" the ball back into his body, it was an incomplete pass and not a fumble under the then-effective NFL rules. As a result, the original call was overturned; had it stood, the play would have sealed a victory for the Raiders. The ball was instead given back to the Patriots, who subsequently moved it into field goal range. With under a minute remaining in regulation time, Patriots' placekicker Adam Vinatieri kicked a 45-yard field goal to tie the game at 13, sending the game into overtime. In the overtime, Vinatieri kicked a 23-yard field goal to win the game for the Patriots. New England went on to win Super Bowl XXXVI, beginning a run of championships with Brady and head coach Bill Belichick, appearing in nine Super Bowls and winning six. Due to the game's controversial call, dramatic overtime finish, and significance in kickstarting the Patriots' dynasty, it is regarded as one of the most famous and consequential games in league history and as an important part of NFL lore.
Background.
The Tuck Rule Game was played as part of the 2001–02 NFL playoffs, which would crown the NFL champion for the 2001 season. Under the playoff structure in place at the time, six teams from each of the NFL's two conferences – the AFC and NFC – qualified for the playoffs. These six teams would consist of the champions of each of the three divisions of each conference (the East, Central, and West), plus three wild card teams, which were the three teams who finished with the best win–loss record in each conference who were not division champions. These six teams would be seeded 1–6 based on win–loss record for purposes of playoff bracketing, with the three division champions seeded 1–3 and the three wild card qualifiers seeded 4–6. 
The playoff system stipulated that the top two division winners in each conference would receive a first-round bye into the second round of the playoffs (the divisional playoff), while the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth-ranked teams would play in the first round of the playoffs (the wild card playoff), with the #3 seed playing the #6 seed and the #4 seed squaring off against the #5 seed. The victors of the wild card playoff games would then face the top two seeds in the divisional playoff, with the #1 seed facing the lowest-surviving seed from the wild card playoff and the #2 seed pairing off against the other wild card playoff winner.
The AFC East champion Patriots were the #2 seed in the AFC playoffs, having posted an 11–5 win–loss record during the 2001 season. Although the Miami Dolphins had also compiled an 11–5 record during the regular season, New England was awarded the division title and first-round bye as the #2 seed due to having a better division record than Miami (6–2 compared to the Dolphins' 5–3); the Dolphins instead qualified for the playoffs as a wild card team and the #4 seed. The season had been wild for the Patriots, who began the year 0–2 after veteran quarterback Drew Bledsoe suffered a sheared blood vessel in his chest in the Week 2 game against the New York Jets. Backup quarterback Tom Brady then led the offense to a playoff berth. As the #2 seed, the Patriots earned a bye into the divisional playoff. 
The Raiders had clinched the AFC West division title with a 10–6 regular-season record and qualified as the #3 seed in the AFC playoffs. As such, they played the Jets (a #6 seeded wild-card team) in an AFC wild-card playoff game on January 12 at Network Associates Coliseum, in which they emerged victorious, 38–24. With the Jets eliminated, the Patriots would face the Raiders in the one divisional playoff game and the Pittsburgh Steelers would face the winner of Baltimore Ravens, the #5 seed, and the #4 seeded Miami Dolphins as the lowest-remaining seed. The Ravens beat the Dolphins 20–3 in the other wild-card playoff game.
The game.
Both teams struggled in the heavy snowstorm during the first half, combining for the same number of punts as first downs (11) and converting only one of 13 third downs. Nonetheless, Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon completed 10 of 14 passes for 87 yards. With 1:12 left in the first quarter, a 15-yard fair-catch interference penalty against Patriots defensive back Je'Rod Cherry at the end of Ken Walter's 39-yard punt gave Oakland a first down at midfield, where they drove to a 7–0 lead on Gannon's 13-yard touchdown pass to James Jett. A few plays later, Raiders defensive back Johnnie Harris intercepted a pass from Brady on the Patriots 41-yard line, but New England's defense managed to force a punt, which would be the final result of every following drive from either team until the end of the half.
In the second half, New England almost completely abandoned its running game and relied on Brady's passing. On the opening drive of the third quarter, he connected with David Patten for gains of 25 and 19 yards as he led the Patriots 62 yards in 12 plays to the Raiders' 5-yard line, where Adam Vinatieri made a 23-yard field goal to make it 7–3. Terry Kirby returned the ensuing kickoff 22 yards to the Oakland 37-yard line and the Raiders produced a 10-play, 43-yard drive to score on a 38-yard field goal from Sebastian Janikowski. Then, after a 33-yard punt by Walter gave the Raiders a first down on their own 49, a 22-yard reception by receiver Jerry Rice set up Janikowski's second field goal, from 45 yards, giving the Raiders a 13–3 lead with two minutes left in the third quarter.
The Raiders appeared to be dominating to this point of the game. However, in the fourth quarter, Brady led the Patriots on a 10-play, 67-yard drive, completing nine consecutive passes for 61 yards and finishing it with a 6-yard touchdown run with 7:57 left that made the score 13–10. Later in the quarter, Patriots receiver Troy Brown returned Shane Lechler's 37-yard punt 27 yards to the Patriots 46-yard line. Brown fumbled the ball at the end of the return, but Pats linebacker Larry Izzo recovered it with 2:06 left on the clock. Brady then completed a seven-yard pass to Kevin Faulk before scrambling for five yards and running out of bounds to the Patriots' sideline, picking up a first down at the Oakland 42. New England had no timeouts left, but with the clock stopped, Brady here had a short conversation with offensive coordinator Charlie Weis.
The "tuck rule" play and call.
With 1:50 left, Raiders cornerback Eric Allen, lurking at the Patriots' sideline, heard Brady's talk with Weis. Allen stated that he heard the Patriots' play call; he then rushed to his sideline and told his team what he had heard. While the Patriots were slightly out of field-goal range, Brady dropped back to pass, with no open receivers. While pumping the football, Brady was hit on his right side by blitzing Raiders cornerback Charles Woodson (his former college teammate at Michigan). While it appeared that Brady had tucked the ball back towards his body, the officials were not sure and ruled it a fumble so they could review the play.
In 1999, a new rule had been introduced, which eventually became known as the tuck rule:
NFL Rule 3, Section 22, Article 2, Note 2. When [an offensive] player is holding the ball to pass it forward, any intentional forward movement of his arm starts a forward pass, even if the player loses possession of the ball as he is attempting to tuck it back toward his body. Also, if the player has tucked the ball into his body and then loses possession, it is a fumble. 
After a video-replay review, referee Walt Coleman reversed the call, declaring the play an incomplete forward-pass and giving possession back to the Patriots. Coleman's announcement stated that the ball was moving forward at the time at which it was dropped. Thus, the original call was overturned, and the Patriots maintained possession.
Because the play was initially ruled a fumble, instant-replay rules required the referee to see "incontrovertible visual evidence" on the replay that Brady had not "tucked the ball into his body and "then" {lost} possession" of it before reversing the original call on the field. In 2012, on the ten-year anniversary of the game, Coleman told ESPN that he did not see Brady lose the ball, and, as NFL referees were trained to do in this situation, ruled it a fumble because that call could be reviewed while an incomplete pass could not. Once he saw a replay, Coleman quickly reversed his previous ruling, telling ESPN it was an "easy" call.
This was not the first time the Patriots had seen the tuck rule invoked in the 2001 NFL season. On September 23, Patriots defensive end Anthony Pleasant apparently forced Jets quarterback Vinny Testaverde to fumble, but the call was overturned upon review and ruled an incomplete pass. In the aftermath of the Tuck Rule Game, Patriots head coach Bill Belichick explained, "I knew what the ruling should have been because we had dealt with that play a little bit earlier in the year on the other side of it."
The Raiders complained extensively that the call was wrong, and that it was made against them because the league had a vendetta against the team, an attitude Raiders quarterback Rich Gannon said was "totally nonsense." Several Raiders players and observers also said that the Tuck Rule led to head coach Jon Gruden's departure from the team, as owner Al Davis was apparently angry that Gruden did not protest the call vehemently enough. Gruden was dismissive of Davis' views on the matter, and the subsequent breakdown in relations between owner and coach led to Gruden being traded to Tampa Bay and becoming their head coach in 2002. (Gruden would return to the Raiders in 2018 after spending a stint as a broadcaster with ESPN.)
The tuck rule was abolished on March 20, 2013, by a 29–1 vote of current teams. The Pittsburgh Steelers voted against abolition, while two teams, the Patriots and Washington Commanders, abstained from the vote. Patriots owner Robert Kraft noted, "I know Al Davis, may he rest in peace, is probably smiling."
Conclusion of game after the ruling.
After the Patriots maintained possession, Brady completed a 13-yard pass to David Patten to the Raiders' 29. After two incomplete passes and a Brady scramble, Vinatieri came on to hit a game-tying 45-yard field goal through the snow with just 27 seconds left, a kick considered to have been one of the most difficult kicks in NFL history, or the most "clutch-kick ever." With seconds left on the clock after the ensuing kickoff, the Raiders decided not to attempt to advance the ball, instead letting it go to overtime.
The Patriots won the toss and took the ball to start overtime. They drove 61 yards in 15 plays, with Brady completing all eight of his pass attempts, for a total of 45 yards. On fourth down and 4 from the Raiders' 28, Brady hit Patten for a six-yard completion. Three plays later, Antowain Smith picked up eight yards for a first down at the Oakland 9 and the Patriots, now going against the wind, fought to set up the game-winning kick. After Brady dove to the 5 and centered the ball, Vinatieri kicked a 23-yard field goal, giving the Patriots a 16–13 victory and advancing them to the AFC Championship Game. Brady ended up completing 26 of 39 passes for 238 yards in the second half.
Aftermath.
The Patriots went on to defeat the Pittsburgh Steelers, 24–17, in the AFC Championship Game, and then defeated the NFC champion St. Louis Rams, 20–17, in Super Bowl XXXVI on a last-second field goal by Vinatieri. The Super Bowl championship was the first in Patriots' history and began a period of dominance for the team in the 2000s and 2010s that included eight additional Super Bowl appearances with five more titles, in Super Bowls XXXVIII, XXXIX, XLIX, LI, and LIII.
The Tuck Rule Game was Gruden's last contest of his first stint as Raider head coach; he was traded to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers before the following season. The Raiders went to the Super Bowl the next year, but were beaten by Gruden's Buccaneers, 48–21, and did not make the playoffs again until 2016. In 2018, Gruden returned to coach the Raiders after a nine-year stint as a television analyst. He made reference to the Tuck Rule Game in his introductory press conference upon his return to the Raiders, turning to former Raiders cornerback Charles Woodson and saying, "Brady fumbled that ball." Brady himself has also suggested that the play "might have been a fumble."
Up to his retirement at the end of the season, Coleman officiated 265 more NFL games, including 21 more involving the Patriots, but none involving the Raiders. As it happened, his last game involved the Patriots.
As for Tom Brady, he went on to have a massive career-winning seven Super Bowls: Super Bowls XXXVI, XXXVIII, XXXIX, XLIX, LI, LIII, and LV. After his retirement, he went on to become an NFL analyst with Fox, as well as a minority stakeholder in the Raiders franchise – the team he beat in the Tuck Rule game.

</doc>
<doc id="6918045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918045" title="Paraul Crucii">
Paraul Crucii



</doc>
<doc id="6918049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918049" title="Jack Dragna">
Jack Dragna

Jack Ignatius Dragna (born Ignazio Dragna, ; April 18, 1891 – February 23, 1956) was a Sicilian-American Mafia member, entrepreneur and Black Hander who was active in both Italy and the United States in the 20th century. He was active in bootlegging in California during the Prohibition Era in the United States. In 1931, he succeeded Joseph Ardizzone as the boss of the Los Angeles crime family after Ardizzone's mysterious disappearance and death. Both James Ragen and Earl Warren dubbed Dragna the "Capone of Los Angeles". Dragna remained the boss of the Los Angeles crime family from 1931 until his death in 1956.
Biography.
Early life.
Dragna was born to Francesco Paolo Dragna and Anna Dragna in Corleone, Sicily, on April 18, 1891. On November 18, 1898, Dragna came to the United States on the S.S. "Alsatia" with his parents, older sister Giuseppa, and older brother Gaetano. They stayed in East Harlem, in Manhattan, with his mother's cousin Antonio Rizzotto's family, also from Corleone. It is unknown when Dragna's father arrived in the United States. Dragna stayed in New York for ten years before returning to Sicily. As a young man, he joined the Italian Army and later the Sicilian Mafia.
In 1914, Dragna returned to America. He appears to have had a relationship with Gaetano Reina, who eventually led his own crime family in Manhattan and the Bronx. That same year, Dragna petitioned for naturalization as Charles Dragna, and was a suspect in the murder of Jewish poultry dealer Barnet Baff. After the killing, Dragna fled to California. He was extradited to New York, but never went on trial. In 1915, Dragna was arrested for Black Hand extortion of a Long Beach man and served three years in prison. Dragna was arrested as Ignazio Rizzotto, leading to the assumption he was the brother of his criminal associate, Benigno Rizzotto, with whom he had lived in New York City.
During the Prohibition Era, Dragna and his brother Gaetano (now named Tom) ran extortion and illegal liquor distillation operations. In 1922, Dragna married his second cousin, Francesca Rizzotto. After his prison stint, he worked closely with Joseph Ardizzone, a prominent mobster in Los Angeles.
Mafia Don.
In 1931, Dragna succeeded Joseph Ardizzone as boss of the Los Angeles crime family. It was rumored that Dragna was involved in Ardizzone's disappearance and presumed murder. The American Mafia wanted to make inroads in California, and supported Dragna, as opposed to the "Mustache Pete" Ardizzone. His brother Tom became his consigliere.
As boss, Dragna's chief source of income came from extorting local bookmakers for "protection" money, although he was also the main illegal gambling operator in the city. Other businesses including running gambling ships, a heroin smuggling operation, and collecting extortion money. His close supporters included Girolamo "Momo" Adamo and John Roselli. Roselli had been a member of the Chicago Outfit, but left for California and worked with Dragna in gambling. In the 1950s, Roselli left California and became the Mafia's main representative in Las Vegas. An old bootlegging associate of Dragna's, Anthony Cornero ran gambling ships off the coast of California. Tommy Lucchese, of the Lucchese crime family, was Dragna's main contact in New York. Dragna also controlled unions in the laundromat business and dress importing companies.
Siegel and Cohen.
As boss, Dragna often had to do business with representatives from the more powerful Cosa Nostra families in New York. When Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel, an associate of the New York Luciano crime family, relocated to the West Coast during the late 1930s, he started his own rackets and formed an uneasy relationship with Dragna. Siegel brought in much more income for the Los Angeles family and generated a great deal of 'respect', which Dragna resented. Although many sources speak of a rivalry between them, Dragna and Siegel worked closely together, especially at organizing a racing wire service on the West Coast.
In June 1947, the East Coast crime families murdered Siegel in Beverly Hills due to his failure to properly manage the new Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas. Mickey Cohen, who had been serving as Siegel's bodyguard, immediately took over Siegel's rackets and refused to accept Dragna's authority. Dragna ordered several murder attempts on Cohen, but he managed to survive them all. On February 14, 1950, the California Commission on Organized Crime singled out Dragna as the head of a crime syndicate that controlled crime in Southern California. Soon after, several Los Angeles family members were arrested for the bombing of Mickey Cohen's home. Dragna fled the state to avoid questioning. He later surrendered to authorities, and was questioned in the U.S. Senate Kefauver hearings, but denied all accusations against him. Cohen was also questioned in the hearings, and as a result was convicted of federal tax evasion and was forced to give up control of his rackets to the Los Angeles family.
Private life and death.
In 1953, the federal government ordered Dragna to be deported to Sicily. Back in 1932, Dragna had violated immigration law by illegally entering the United States at the San Ysidro border crossing in San Diego after a three-day stay in Mexico. However, at the time of his death Dragna was still living in California, appealing against the deportation order.
Dragna was a very private boss who eschewed flashiness and attention. However, in the 1950s, the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) under Chief William H. Parker engaged in a campaign of harassment against organized crime figures. Dragna and his family were frequently arrested. When his wife Frances died in 1953, Dragna lost interest in running the Los Angeles family and instead focused on meeting new women. On one occasion, several members of the LAPD stationed themselves outside a trailer where Dragna and a girlfriend were having sex. Using listening devices, officers gained enough evidence to arrest Dragna for engaging in lewd acts.
On February 23, 1956, Dragna died of a heart attack in Los Angeles. His body was interred at Calvary Cemetery in East Los Angeles, California. Dragna was survived by two children. His son Frank Paul Dragna was a USC graduate and World War II veteran who lost an eye in the war and was nicknamed "One Eye" to distinguish him from his cousin who had the same name ("One Eye" also had a glass eye).

</doc>
<doc id="6918050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918050" title="Dominic A. Antonelli">
Dominic A. Antonelli

Dominic Anthony "Tony" Antonelli (born August 23, 1967) is a retired NASA astronaut. Antonelli was born in Detroit, Michigan, but was raised in both Indiana and North Carolina. He is married and has two children.
Education.
Antonelli graduated from Douglas Byrd High School in Fayetteville, North Carolina. He went on to attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he earned a Bachelor of Science in aeronautics and astronautics. He later attended the University of Washington, earning a Master of Science in aeronautics and astronautics.
Military career.
Antonelli served as a fleet Naval Aviator and Landing Signal Officer aboard the aircraft carrier with the Blue Diamonds (VFA-146), flying F/A-18C Hornets in support of Operation Southern Watch.
Antonelli has accumulated over 3,200 hours in 41 different kinds of aircraft and has completed 273 carrier arrested landings. He is a Distinguished Graduate of the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School (Navy Exchange Pilot).
NASA career.
Selected as an astronaut candidate by NASA in July 2000, Antonelli served in various technical assignments until his assignment to a mission. He served as pilot on the STS-119 mission which launched on March 15, 2009. The flight delivered the final pair of power-generating solar array wings and truss element to the International Space Station. Antonelli was assigned as pilot on the STS-132 mission, launched on May 14, 2010. The mission saw the delivery of the Russian Mini-Research Module 1 (MRM-1) to the International Space Station.

</doc>
<doc id="6918053" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918053" title="Parvulesti">
Parvulesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918054" title="Alto Perú">
Alto Perú



</doc>
<doc id="6918058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918058" title="Pasarea">
Pasarea



</doc>
<doc id="6918062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918062" title="Alto Peru">
Alto Peru



</doc>
<doc id="6918064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918064" title="Fenton Hardy">
Fenton Hardy



</doc>
<doc id="6918065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918065" title="Pauleasca">
Pauleasca



</doc>
<doc id="6918071" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918071" title="Pauleni">
Pauleni



</doc>
<doc id="6918073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918073" title="Laura Hardy (Hardy Boys)">
Laura Hardy (Hardy Boys)



</doc>
<doc id="6918076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918076" title="Paulian">
Paulian



</doc>
<doc id="6918082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918082" title="Izalco (volcano)">
Izalco (volcano)

Izalco is an active stratovolcano on the side of the Santa Ana Volcano, which is located in western El Salvador. It is situated on the southern flank of the Santa Ana volcano. Izalco erupted almost continuously from 1770 (when it formed) to 1958 earning it the nickname of "Lighthouse of the Pacific", and experienced a flank eruption in 1966. During an eruption in 1926, the village of Matazano was buried and 56 people were killed. The volcano erupted on highly arable land which was used for the production of coffee, cacao, and sugar cane.
Geology and mineralogy.
The lava historically erupted from Izalco consists of vesicular vitrophyric olivine basalts. Izalco's formation was preceded by fumorolic activity in 1658, before Izalco was born in 1770.
Today, Izalco experiences only fumarolic activity in the form of rainwater seeping into the volcano and contacting hot rocks, rather than steam emissions from underground gases. The fumarole deposits of the volcano are noted as sources for several rare minerals. It is the type locality for the copper vanadium minerals: bannermanite, blossite, fingerite, howardevansite, lyonsite, mcbirneyite, stoiberite and ziesite.
Tourism.
The volcano is visited and climbed regularly by tourists to El Salvador via the Cerro Verde National Park and is a national icon of the country, even featured on the 10 colón bank note (US dollars replaced the colon in 2001, so the bank note is no longer in circulation). The volcano is currently quiescent but may erupt again.
A hotel was built on the nearby Cerro Verde to provide accommodation with a view of the erupting volcano, but the volcano ceased to erupt shortly before the hotel was completed.
Izalco Volcano National Symbolism.
The volcano on the stamps' central oval design is an allegorical representation of the coat of arms existing at the time; the stamps depict the Izalco volcano, popularly known as "El Faro del Pacífico" - "The Lighthouse of the Pacific". This argument is based on the fact that the decree signed by Francisco Duenas, creating the coat of arms, specifically mentions the Izalco volcano as the inspiration for its design, and also on the idea that the Izalco volcano was (and still is) one of the symbols of the country. Covers genuinely used with these stamps are rare. So far, only 37 have been recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="6918084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918084" title="Paun">
Paun



</doc>
<doc id="6918091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918091" title="Pausesti">
Pausesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918093" title="Peter Dicks">
Peter Dicks

Peter F. Dicks (born 1942) is a London-based investment manager and venture capitalist. He was the co-founder of Abingworth PLC, one of the earlier venture capital funds in Europe. He is also the former chairman of Sportingbet PLC, one of the world's largest sportsbooks. He is currently a committee vice-chairman with Mercia Fund Management.
Career.
Early in his career, Dicks was a stock broker with Joseph Sebag &amp; Co where he met Anthony Montagu. In 1973, Dicks and Montagu left Joseph Sebag and formed Abingworth PLC in London. Abingworth was one of the earlier venture capital firms formed in Europe. Abingworth primarily invested in early-stage companies, specializing in technology start-up companies in the United States, and invested in such notable companies as Apple Computer, Silicon Graphics and 3COM.
Dicks has served as non-executive chairman or director of numerous companies and investment funds, but it was Dicks' tenure as non-executive chairman of Sportingbet PLC that earned him global notoriety. 
Arrest.
On 7 September 2006 Mr Dicks was detained by U.S. Customs officials at New York City's John F. Kennedy International Airport. He was detained under an outstanding warrant issued by the state of Louisiana that charged Dicks with running a gambling enterprise by computer, a crime under Louisiana law.
His arrest came two months after the arrest of competitor David Carruthers, CEO of rival firm BetonSports. In contrast to Carruthers, who was being held on federal charges, Dicks was charged only with violating Louisiana law.
Dicks was released on $50,000 bail on 9 September. Shortly thereafter he tendered his resignation as Sportingbet chairman and fought his requested extradition to Louisiana. A hearing scheduled for 28 September 2006 was postponed until the following day to allow New York court officials time to reach a decision. 
On 29 September, Judge Lopez announced that the warrant would not be enforced, and that Dicks was free to return to the UK. New York governor George Pataki stated that because internet gambling is not a crime in New York, the state does not have the authority to extradite Dicks to Louisiana.

</doc>
<doc id="6918096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918096" title="Perieti">
Perieti



</doc>
<doc id="6918099" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918099" title="Pippo">
Pippo

Pippo is the diminutive of the Italian names Filippo and Giuseppe and also a given name, and it may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6918104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918104" title="Volcán de Izalco">
Volcán de Izalco



</doc>
<doc id="6918105" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918105" title="Pesteana">
Pesteana



</doc>
<doc id="6918106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918106" title="Runaway Love">
Runaway Love

Runaway Love may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6918108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918108" title="White (people)">
White (people)



</doc>
<doc id="6918111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918111" title="Dmitry Kochkin">
Dmitry Kochkin

Dmitry Kochkin (; born 25 April 1934 in Kirov) was a former Soviet Nordic combined skier who competed in the early 1960s. He won the silver in the individual event at the 1962 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane.
Kochkin also finished 5th in the individual event at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley.

</doc>
<doc id="6918112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918112" title="Pestere">
Pestere



</doc>
<doc id="6918116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918116" title="Welding helmet">
Welding helmet

A welding helmet is a piece of personal protective equipment used by welders to protect the user from concentrated light and flying particles. Different welding processes need stronger lens shades with auto-darkening filters, while goggles suffice for others. OSHA and ANSI regulate this technology, defining shades based on the transmittance of light.
Purpose.
Welding helmets are most commonly used in arc welding processes such as shielded metal arc welding, gas tungsten arc welding, and gas metal arc welding. They are necessary to prevent arc eye, a painful condition where the cornea is inflamed. Welding helmets can also prevent retina burns, which can lead to a loss of vision. Both conditions are caused by unprotected exposure to the highly concentrated infrared and ultraviolet light emitted by the welding arc. Ultraviolet emissions from the welding arc can also damage uncovered skin (such as of the face and neck), causing a sunburn-like condition in a relatively short period of welding. In addition to the radiation, gases or splashes can also be a hazard to the skin and the eyes.
All welding helmets are susceptible to damages such as cracks that can compromise the protection from ultraviolet and infrared rays. In addition to protecting the eyes, the helmet protects the face from hot metal sparks generated by the arc and from UV damage. When overhead welding, a leather skull cap and shoulder cover are used to prevent head and shoulder burns.
Design.
Most welding helmets include a window (visor) covered with a filter called a lens shade, through which the welder can see to work. The window may be made of tinted glass, tinted plastic, or a variable-density filter made from a pair of polarized lenses. Different lens shades are needed for different welding processes. For example, metal inert gas (MIG) and tungsten inert gas (TIG) welding are low-intensity processes, so a lighter lens shade will be preferred.
Welding goggles are protective eyewear that has dark shading, meant to protect eyes from the bright light produced by oxyfuel welding and allied processes, and also from sparks and debris. Open electrical arcs (as created by arc welding and other processes) generate much higher amounts of light and UV radiation, requiring the whole face to be protected; most welding goggles do not have a dark enough shade for arc welding.
The modern welding helmet used today was first introduced in 1937 by Willson Products. In 1981, Swedish manufacturer Hornell International (now owned by 3M) introduced an LCD electronic shutter that darkens automatically when sensors detect the bright welding arc, the Speedglas Auto-Darkening Filter. With such electronic auto-darkening helmets, the welder no longer has to get ready to weld and then nod their head to lower the helmet over their face. The advantage is that the welder does not need to adjust the position of welding helmet manually, which not only saves time but also reduces the risk of exposure to the harmful light generated by the welding process.
Regulation.
In the United States, the industry standard for welding helmets is ANSI Z87.1+, which specifies performance of a wide variety of eye protection devices. The standard requires that auto-darkening helmets provide full protection against both UV and IR even when they are not in the darkened state. The standard is voluntary, so buyers should confirm that the helmet is ANSI Z87.1 compliant (indicated by appropriate labeling).
United States OSHA requirements for welding helmets are derived from standards like ANSI Z49.1, "Safety in Welding and Cutting", section 7 ("Protection of Personnel") and ANSI Z89.1 ("Safety Requirements for Industrial Head Protection"). OSHA also recommends certain shade numbers based on the weld's type and current rating.
The 1967 edition of ANSI Z49.1.7.2.2.10 specifies that "all filter lenses and plates shall meet the test for transmission of radiant energy prescribed in paragraph 6.3.4.6 of the "Safety Code for Head, Eye and Respiratory Protection", USA Standard Z2.1-1959".
As of 2023, OSHA's website provides standards for minimum protective shades under standard 1910.133 ("Eye and face protection"), section (a)(5):As a rule of thumb, start with a shade that is too dark to see the weld zone. Then go to a lighter shade which gives sufficient view of the weld zone without going below the minimum. In oxyfuel gas welding or cutting where the torch produces a high yellow light, it is desirable to use a filter lens that absorbs the yellow or sodium line in the visible light of the (spectrum) operation.
Shades.
Per ANSI Z87.1-2003, "shade numbers" are derived as such:
Shade Number, formula_1, is related to luminous transmittance formula_2 (expressed as a fraction, not as a percent) by the equation:
formula_3
formula_2 is defined with respect to CIE Illuminant A (i.e a reference point for typical domestic incandescent lighting) and the CIE 1931 Standard Colorimetric Observer.
The actual ANSI-specified shades are not specific numbers, but ranges; each has a designated maximum, minimum, and nominal transmittance value. Moreover, acceptable transmittance values for far ultraviolet are far lower than those for the Illuminant A light ("shall be less than one tenth of the minimum allowable luminous transmittance").
Transmittance values.
While ANSI shades are ranges based on a specific illuminant, and do not directly convert into other measurements of transmittance, the following table gives a rough approximation (in terms of neutral density filter numbers and f-stops).

</doc>
<doc id="6918117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918117" title="Donald Nutter">
Donald Nutter



</doc>
<doc id="6918120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918120" title="Petresti">
Petresti



</doc>
<doc id="6918123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918123" title="Academic dress of University of Melbourne">
Academic dress of University of Melbourne

The academic dress of the University of Melbourne refers to the formal attire, including robes, gowns, and hoods, as prescribed by the Statutes and Regulations for undergraduates, graduates, officers, and honorands of the university. This follows the style of the University of Oxford for the gowns and hoods for Bachelors and Masters degrees. Melbourne adopts the style of the University of Cambridge for its doctorates.
The hoods are all black, resembling the size and shape of the Oxford MA hoods, which are in the simple Burgon shape. These hoods are lined with the color specified for the corresponding faculty or degree and are bound with white on the lower edge for bachelors, while masters' hoods have no binding. The specific faculty or degree colors are outlined in the University Regulations. In the past, Pass degrees were bound in fur and Honours degrees in silk; however, this distinction no longer holds.
Bachelors wear an Oxford Bachelors gown, while Masters wear an Oxford Masters gown. The gown for undergraduate students is the same as the bachelors', but its sleeves must not be split.
In the past, policies regarding the use of the mortar board were strictly for Masters with Bachelors and undergraduates not being permitted to wear the mortar board. This rule applied to both graduation photography and the ceremony itself. However, as of 2023, the university has revised its regulations, allowing all Bachelors to receive a mortar board at their ceremony and granting permission to have photographs taken with it.
For individuals holding a PhD degree, the academic dress includes an Oxford Masters gown, faced in scarlet, with a black hood lined in scarlet, accompanied by a bonnet with a scarlet cord. Higher doctorates, on the other hand, feature a gown that is scarlet, lined, and faced with the color representing the faculty/degree, along with a larger scarlet hood lined in the same color as the faculty/degree. A bonnet with a gold cord completes the ensemble for higher doctorate holders.
Occasions for academic dress.
Dignitaries, officers, staff, graduates and students wear academic dress at public ceremonies of the University of Melbourne.
These include graduation ceremonies and important public lectures.
Dignitaries, visitors and residents of the residential colleges wear their academic regalia to a formal dinner several nights per week during the lecturing semester
(varying depending on the college). Some residential colleges dignify their fellows with distinct gowns.
Faculty colours.
Definition of colour names:
Colours 

</doc>
<doc id="6918124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918124" title="The Tuck (a.k.a. The Snow Bowl)">
The Tuck (a.k.a. The Snow Bowl)



</doc>
<doc id="6918130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918130" title="Pietris">
Pietris



</doc>
<doc id="6918132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918132" title="Gregory C. Johnson">
Gregory C. Johnson

Gregory Carl "Ray J" Johnson (born July 30, 1954), (CAPT, USNR, Ret.), is a retired American naval officer and naval aviator, test pilot, aerospace engineer, and NASA astronaut. He spent his military career in both the regular United States Navy and the Navy Reserve. Johnson was the pilot on Space Shuttle mission STS-125, the final Hubble Space Telescope servicing mission.
Personal data.
Johnson was born on July 30, 1954, in Seattle, Washington. He attended and graduated from West Seattle High School in 1972. He received a Bachelor of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering from the University of Washington in 1977. While in college, he also earned his civilian commercial pilot certificate with multi-engine landplane and single-engine seaplane ratings.
Johnson enjoys athletics, cycling, swimming, and auto repair, and has two grown sons from a previous marriage. He is married to Nanette Faget, who has three children.
Naval service.
Johnson received his commission as an Ensign in the United States Navy Reserve through Aviation Officer Candidate School at Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida in September 1977, and received his Naval Aviator wings via the Strike Jet training pipeline in December 1978. Upon completion of flight training, he was designated as a Selectively Retained Graduate (SERGRAD) and spent 1979 and part of 1980 as an instructor pilot in the TA-4J Skyhawk II aircraft.
In 1980, then Lieutenant, junior grade Johnson transferred to Attack Squadron 128 (VA-128), the A-6 Intruder Fleet Replacement Squadron at NAS Whidbey Island, Washington and transitioned to the A-6E Intruder attack bomber. Upon completion of the syllabus at VA-128, he was assigned to Attack Squadron 52 (VA-52), completing two 2 deployments in the Western Pacific and Indian Ocean aboard . During this time, he was promoted to Lieutenant and selected for augmentation of his commission to the Regular Navy.
In 1984, Johnson reported to the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School at Edwards Air Force Base, California. After graduation, he reported to Naval Weapons Center China Lake, California, performing flight tests in the A-6E Intruder and F/A-18A Hornet aircraft. Following his flight test tour, then Lieutenant Commander Johnson returned to NAS Whidbey Island for his department head tour in an operational A-6 squadron. Following refresher training and an instructor tour at VA-128, he reported to Attack Squadron 196 (VA-196), serving as both an A-6 pilot/mission commander and the squadron's Aircraft Maintenance Department Head. During this tour he completed another Western Pacific and Indian Ocean deployment as well as a Northern Pacific deployment.
Johnson resigned his Regular Navy commission in 1990 and transferred back to the Naval Reserve while accepting a concurrent civil service position with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) at the Johnson Space Center (JSC) Aircraft Operations Division at Ellington Field, Texas. In his concurrent military capacity from 1990 to 2007, he was promoted to Commander and later to Captain in the Navy Reserve and was the Commanding Officer of four Navy Reserve units. He also served as a Senior Research Officer in a Science and Technology Unit of the Office of Naval Research based at the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California.
He has logged over 10,800 flight hours in 50 aircraft types and has accumulated over 500 carrier landings. He retired from the U.S. Navy with over 30 years of service effective October 1, 2007.
NASA career.
In April 1990, Johnson was accepted as an aerospace engineer and research pilot at the NASA JSC Aircraft Operations Division, Ellington Field, Texas. He qualified as a T-38 Talon instructor pilot, functional check flight and examiner pilot, as well as Gulfstream I aircraft commander, WB-57F Canberra high altitude research pilot and KC-135 co-pilot. Additionally, he conducted flight test programs in the T-38 aircraft including JET-A airstart testing, T-38N avionics upgrade testing and the first flight of the T-38 inlet redesign aircraft. In 1994 he assumed duties as the Chief, Maintenance &amp; Engineering Branch responsible for all maintenance and engineering modifications on NASA JSC's 44 aircraft.
Selected by NASA as an astronaut candidate in June 1998, he reported for training in August 1998. Johnson was the class leader for the seventeenth group of astronauts, with 31 U.S. and international members. Johnson was initially assigned as an Astronaut Support Personnel (ASP) responsible for configuring the Orbiter switches prior to launch and strapping astronauts in their seats for launch. More recently he served as the Astronaut Office representative for all technical aspects of orbiter landing and roll out issues. From June 2004 to November 2005, Johnson served as Manager, Launch Integration, for the Space Shuttle program at Kennedy Space Center, Florida. He also served as the Astronaut Office Deputy, Shuttle Branch and Return to Flight Representative.
Johnson graduated with fellow astronaut Gregory H. Johnson, in the 1998 NASA Group 17. Gregory H. served as ascent/reentry CAPCOM on mission STS-125, while Gregory C. piloted STS-125 on "Atlantis". They are not related and can be distinguished by their call signs. Gregory H. Johnson is known as "Box", while Gregory C. Johnson is known as "Ray J".
Spaceflight experience.
STS-125.
Johnson was the pilot on STS-125, the final Space Shuttle mission to the Hubble Space Telescope. It lasted from May 11–24, 2009, traveling 5,276,000 miles in 197 Earth orbits. "Atlantis" carried two new instruments to the telescope, the Cosmic Origins Spectrograph and the Wide Field Camera 3. The mission also replaced a Fine Guidance Sensor, six gyroscopes, and two battery unit modules to allow the telescope to continue to function at least through 2014. The crew also installed new thermal blanket insulating panels to provide improved thermal protection, and a soft-capture mechanism that would aid in the safe de-orbiting of the telescope by an unmanned spacecraft at the end of its operational lifespan. The mission also carried an IMAX camera and the crew documented the progress of the mission for the movie "Hubble".
Awards and honors.
Johnson also received many other awards and decorations.

</doc>
<doc id="6918137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918137" title="Blue and White Golf Course">
Blue and White Golf Course



</doc>
<doc id="6918139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918139" title="Pietrisu">
Pietrisu



</doc>
<doc id="6918144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918144" title="Epsin">
Epsin

Epsins are a family of highly conserved membrane proteins that are important in creating membrane curvature. Epsins contribute to membrane deformations like endocytosis, and block vesicle formation during mitosis. 
Structure.
Epsin contains various protein domains that aid in function. Starting at the N-terminus is the ENTH domain. ENTH stands for Epsin N-Terminal Homolog. The ENTH domain is approximately 150 amino acids long and is highly conserved across species. It is composed of seven α-helices and an eighth helix that is not aligned with the seven helices that make up a superhelical fold. The role of the ENTH domain is to bind membrane lipids which is currently thought to aid in the invagination of the plasma membrane to form clathrin-coated vesicles. Additionally, located toward the C-terminus of the ENTH domain are two to three ubiquitin interacting motifs which aids in ubiquitin dependent recruitment.
Following the ENTH domain there is not as much conservation in structure across species. However, in higher eukaryotes there are several conserved motifs such as the clathrin-binding motifs which bind clathrin heavy chain, these motifs flank a cluster of up to eight DP repeats which bind to AP2.
Function.
In general, most vertebrates contain at least two epsin paralogs. The two paralogs, epsin-1 and epsin-2 are members that contribute to the clathrin coated endocytotic machinery and are localized at the plasma membrane. In mammals, the two main classes of Epsins are expressed throughout tissues but has the highest expression in the brain, whereas the third Epsin has higher expression in the epidermis and the stomach. 
Epsins have many different domains to interact with various proteins related to endocytosis. At its N-terminus is an ENTH domain that binds phosphatidylinositol (4,5)-bisphosphate, meaning that it binds a lipid of biological membranes. It has also been postulated that this is a site for cargo-binding. In the middle of the epsin sequence are two UIMs (ubiquitin-interacting motifs). The C-terminus contains multiple binding sites, for example for clathrin and AP2 adaptors. As such, epsins are able to bind to membranes with specific cargo and connect them with the endocytosis machinery, so one may understand epsins as something like Swiss army knives for endocytosis.
Epsins may be the major membrane curvature-driving proteins in many clathrin-coated vesicle budding events. In addition to its primary role as an endocytic adapter, there is evidence the epsins play a role in regulating GTPase activity which provides an alternative mechanism for epsin's role in cell polarity and migration.
In addition, Epsin is thought to play a role in the Notch Signaling Pathway, which is critical for normal embryonic development. Notch Signaling is dependent on the proteolytic cleavage of the Notch receptor intracellular domain. Epsin's role in Notch Signaling is due to Notch's reliance on ligand endocytosis to release the Notch intracellular domain. This occurs through ubiquitination of the D114 notch ligand which provides a docking location of the epsin UIM domain. Current research suggest that this directing of cargo material aids in the recycling in Notch signaling as well. A study on knock out epsins 1 and 2 in mice showed embryonic death at day 10. Further investigation showed vascular defects in the embryo proper, placenta and yolk sac which are characteristic of a loss in notch signaling.
Family members.
There are four human genes encoding epsin family members: "EPN1", "EPN2", "EPN3", and "EPN4".
The epsin homologue of "C. elegans" is EPN-1. EPN-1 conserves the UIM, ENTH domain, and clathrin-binding motif.
The epsin homologue of "Drosophila melanogaster" is "liquid facets" and was first identified due to its role in eye patterning in flies.
There are three "Arabidopsis thaliana" genes encoding epsin family members, Epsin1, Epsin2 and Epsin3 that differ in molecular weight and C - terminal domains. Epsin1 has highest expression in cotyledons and flowers while Epsin2 and Epsin3 expression is currently unknown. Little is known about the role plant Epsin plays in clathrin coated vesicle formation.
Clinical significance.
Epsin is thought to have role in the angiogenesis of tumors; thus, epsin has the potential to be a target for anti-cancer therapies. Several cancers including prostate, breast, lung and skin display an upregulation in epsin. Research indicates that the overexpression could affect the regulation of tumor angiogenesis through defects in the notch pathway. There is also evidence that Epsin could lead to colon cancer through impaired Wnt signaling by reducing the stability of the Wnt effector dishevelled, making epsin a possible target for pharmaceuticals.
Epsin 4, which encodes the protein enthoprotin, now known as clathrin interactor 1 (CLINT1), has been studied for a possible relationship to schizophrenia in four independent studies, though no conclusive evidence has been found in the analysis of SNPs believed to be associated with schizophrenia (rs1186922, rs254664, rs10046055). A genetic abnormality in CLINT1 is assumed to change the way internalisation of neurotransmitter receptors occurs in the brains of people with schizophrenia.

</doc>
<doc id="6918147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918147" title="Pietrosani">
Pietrosani



</doc>
<doc id="6918148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918148" title="Dragan Pantelić">
Dragan Pantelić

Dragan Pantelić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Пантелић; 9 December 1951 – 20 October 2021) was a Yugoslav professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He scored over 20 goals over the course of his career, mainly from penalties.
Biography.
Pantelić was born in Loznica, Serbia. After starting out at Rađevac and Grafičar Beograd, Pantelić spent ten seasons with Radnički Niš from 1971 to 1981. He amassed over 250 appearances in the Yugoslav First League, netting 15 goals. In a 2-1 league win against Velež Mostar at home on 13 April 1980, he famously scored the match-winning goal from inside his own penalty area, 80 meters away from the Velež goal kept by their goalkeeper Enver Marić.
Pantelić later moved abroad to France and joined Bordeaux, representing the side for two seasons. In 1982, Bordeaux played without a goalkeeper in a match away to Nantes in protest at a suspension for Pantelić. Nantes won 6–0. The match became a staple of football 'blooper' videos.
After briefly playing for Timok in the Yugoslav Second League, Pantelić returned to Radnički Niš in the 1984–85 season, before retiring from the game.
Pantelić died on 20 October 2021, at the Niš University clinical center after short battle with COVID-19. He was 69.
International career.
At international level, Pantelić earned 19 caps for Yugoslavia between 1979 and 1984, scoring two goals. He also represented the country at the 1980 Summer Olympics, as they finished in fourth place and took part at the 1982 FIFA World Cup.
International goals.
Source: 11v11
Post-playing career.
After ending his playing career, Pantelić temporarily served as manager of Radnički Niš between November 1989 and March 1990. He was also the president of the club in the late 1990s.
Political career.
Pantelić was a member of 
Party of Serbian Unity (SSJ), founded by Željko Ražnatović Arkan. He was a member of Serbian Parliament in 2000–2004.
Honours.
Radnički Niš

</doc>
<doc id="6918152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918152" title="Pontic Greek language">
Pontic Greek language



</doc>
<doc id="6918153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918153" title="The Tuck">
The Tuck



</doc>
<doc id="6918157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918157" title="Pioresti">
Pioresti



</doc>
<doc id="6918160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918160" title="2006 FIVB Women's Volleyball World Championship">
2006 FIVB Women's Volleyball World Championship

The 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship was the fifteenth edition of the competition, contested by the senior women's national teams of the members of the "" (FIVB), the sport's global governing body. The final tournament was held from 31 October to 16 November 2006 in Japan.
The finals involved 24 teams, of which 22 came through qualifying competitions, while the host nation and reign champion qualified automatically. Of the 32 teams, 16 had also appeared in the previous tournament in 2002, while Cameroon, Costa Rica, Kazakhstan, Turkey and Serbia and Montenegro made their first appearances at a FIVB Women's Volleyball World Championship.
Russia won their sixth world title, defeating Brazil in five sets at the final. Serbia and Montenegro won the 3rd place match and its first medal, defeating Italy in straight sets. Yoshie Takeshita from Japan was selected as the MVP.
Venues.
Source:
Format.
The tournament was played in three different stages (first, second and final rounds). In the , the 24 participants were divided in four groups of six teams each. A single round-robin format was played within each group to determine the teams group position, the four best teams of each group (total of 16 teams) progressed to the next round.
In the , the 16 teams were divided in two groups of eight teams. A single round-robin format was played within each group to determine the teams group position, matches already played between teams in the were counted in this round. The six best teams of each group (total of 12 teams) progressed to the next round.
In the , the 12 teams were allocated to semifinals for placement matches according to their group positions. First and second of each group played the semifinals, third and fourth played the 5th-8th semifinals and fifth and sixth played the 9th-12th semifinals. Winners and losers of each semifinals played a final placement match for 1st to 12th places.
Pools composition.
The drawing of lots for the qualified teams took place in Tokyo, Japan on 29 November 2005.
Results.
All times are Japan Standard Time ().
First round.
Pool A.
Venue: Yoyogi National Gymnasium, Tokyo
Pool B.
Venue: Hokkaido Prefectural Sports Center, Sapporo
Pool C.
Venue: Kobe Green Arena, Kobe
Pool D.
Venue: Nagoya Rainbow Hall, Nagoya
Second round.
The results and the points of the matches between the same teams that were already played during the first round are taken into account for the second round.
Pool E.
Venue: Nagoya Rainbow Hall, Nagoya
Pool F.
Venue: Osaka Municipal Central Gymnasium, Osaka
Final round.
9th–12th place.
Venue: Osaka Prefectural Gymnasium, Osaka
5th–8th place.
Venues: Osaka Municipal Central Gymnasium (OMCG) and Osaka Prefectural Gymnasium (OPG), both in Osaka
Finals.
Venue: Osaka Municipal Central Gymnasium, Osaka
Statistics leaders.
The statistics of each group follows the vis reports P2 and P3. The statistics include 6 volleyball skills; serve, reception, set, spike, block, and dig. The table below shows the top 5 ranked players in each skill plus top scorers as of 16 November 2006.
Best Scorers.
Best scorers determined by scored points from attack, block, and serve.
Best Spikers.
Best attackers determined by successful attacks in percentage.
Best Blockers.
Best blockers determined by the average of stuff blocks per set.
Best Servers.
Best servers determined by the average of aces per set.
Best Setters.
Best setters determined by the average of running sets per set.
Best Diggers.
Best diggers determined by the average of successful digs per set.
Best Receivers.
Best receivers determined by efficient receptions in percentage.

</doc>
<doc id="6918167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918167" title="Francisco Ruiz Lozano">
Francisco Ruiz Lozano

Francisco Ruiz Lozano (1607, Oruro, Upper Peru—1677, Mexico City) was a Peruvian soldier, astronomer, mathematician and educator.
Ruiz Lozano was born in Oruro (now in Bolivia). He studied with the Jesuits in Lima at the College of San Martín. It was here that he acquired his love of mathematics. He also studied hydrography, as a mathematical science. In 1651, he moved to Mexico City to continue his studies at the University of Mexico. In Mexico, he also learned navigation, not only in theory, but also in practice. Together with his teacher, Fray Diego Rodríguez, he observed the Comet of 1652. They reported on it in "Discurso ethereológico del nuevo cometa, visto en aqueste Hemisferio Mexicano; y generalmente en todo el mundo. Este año de 1652", published that year in Mexico City.
He returned to Lima in 1655 in the party of the new viceroy, Luis Enríquez de Guzmán, conde de Alba de Liste. Enríquez de Guzmán had been viceroy of New Spain, and was now taking up his new position in Peru. He appointed Ruiz Lozano captain of Spanish infantry. 
He served as the first director of the nautical school founded in 1657 in Lima, at the Hospital of Espiritu Santo, a sailors' hospital. The mission of the nautical academic was "to form men skillful in the handling of ships for the defense of the viceroyalty." He was also "cosmógrafo mayor" of Peru. The duties of "cosmógrafo mayor" included publishing almanacs and sailing instructions. He served for several years as the director of the Hospital of Espiritu Santo, improving its building and its financial situation.
In 1658 he married Jacoba de la Cueva, a native of Lima. He was tutor to the sons of Viceroy Enríquez de Guzmán and, together with Juan Ramón Koening, a tutor to the son of the viceroy who succeeded Enríquez de Guzmán, Diego de Benavides y de la Cueva. He held the first university chair of mathematics in Peru.
In 1660 or 1661 he was in Portobelo, Panama, where he acquired various kinds of merchandise. In 1662 he was in Panama City on similar business. Over his lifetime, he pursued mercantile affairs nearly everywhere in Spanish America — Panama, Cartagena de Indias, Acapulco, Valparaiso, Concepción and Talcahuano.
Later, probably under the government of Baltasar de la Cueva Enríquez, Count of Castellar (1674-1678), Ruiz Lozano was named general of the navy of the Southern Sea.
In 1665 in Lima he published "Tratado de Cometas, observación y juicio del que se vió en esta ciudad de los Reyes, y generalmente en todo el Mundo, por los fines del año 1664 y principios de 1665" ("Treatise on Comets, observation and judgment of what I saw in the City of Kings [Lima], and generally anywhere in the world, from the end of 1664 to the beginning of 1665"). This report was the first publication of European astronomical observations in South America. The comet had first been observed on December 11, 1664.
He died in Mexico City, apparently on a commercial venture involving the trading of mercury.

</doc>
<doc id="6918170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918170" title="Political ad">
Political ad



</doc>
<doc id="6918171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918171" title="Pitigaia">
Pitigaia



</doc>
<doc id="6918181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918181" title="Plesa">
Plesa



</doc>
<doc id="6918184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918184" title="Plesesti">
Plesesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918189" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918189" title="Plesi">
Plesi



</doc>
<doc id="6918190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918190" title="Climate of Puerto Rico">
Climate of Puerto Rico

 
The climate of Puerto Rico in the Köppen climate classification is predominantly tropical rainforest. Temperatures throughout the year are warm to hot, averaging near in lower elevations and in the mountains. Easterly trade winds pass across the island year round while the rainy season stretches from April into November. The relatively cool trade winds are blocked by the mountains of the Cordillera Central which causes rain shadows and sharp variations in the temperature and wind speed over short distances. About a quarter of the average annual rainfall for Puerto Rico occurs during tropical cyclones, which are more frequent during La Niña years.
Temperature.
Temperatures range from in the lower elevations, while higher elevations in the central part of the island experience temperatures between year round. The temperature in the south is a few degrees higher than the north. Between winter and summer, there is only a temperature swing of around . Coastal water temperatures average between in February to in August. The highest temperature ever recorded was at San Lorenzo, while the lowest temperature ever recorded was at Aibonito. Frost and freezes have occurred in the highest mountains at almost twice the elevation of Aibonito, where the low temperature in winter is in the low 40s (5C). 
The average temperature in San Juan is over 80°F (27C). It is the only location in plant hardiness zone 13b on the USDA map, with temperatures rarely falling to the low 60s. 
Dust from the Sahara.
For years, meteorologists have been studying dust that arrives from the Sahara Desert, and they believe the dust which is carried over the Atlantic to Puerto Rico causes a whole series of changes in Puerto Rico's climate and environment, from haze to heat.
Wind.
Persistent trade winds move from east to west across the island year round. When the trades winds are lighter, sea breeze and land breeze circulations dominate. Every five years or so a hurricane brings high intensity wind. 
The island's infrastructure is extremely susceptible to high winds. For example, when Hurricane Maria made landfall on the island in 2017 at Category 5 strength, 100% of the power grid was lost.
Rainfall.
There is a pronounced rainy season from April to November and a dry season from December to March, causing some drought. Due to the island's topography, rainfall varies greatly across the island. Pico del Este averages of rainfall yearly while Magueyes Island averages only a year.
Severe weather.
Approximately 80 percent of the territory's agriculture was lost due to the hurricane, with agricultural losses estimated at $780 million. The hurricane completely destroyed the island's power grid, leaving all 3.4 million residents without electricity.
Hurricane Maria caused a humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico, with damages estimated in 90 billion dollars and a loss of human life close to three thousand.
Weather by season.
The Wet Season begins in April and lasts to November. The weather is hot and humid with thunderstorms in the afternoon, especially in August and September. Trade winds bring cool summer breezes in the north and east of Puerto Rico, but due to the topography of the island, these winds do not reach the coast south and west, causing much higher temperatures than in the north. During humid summer days, the heat index can reach 115 °F (47 °C) and actual temperatures can reach 100 °F (38 °C). Sometimes the wind shifts from the south, causing an inverse pattern, where the heat south of the island moves to the north, causing temperatures in the mid 90s (35 °C) in San Juan and low humidity. June is usually the driest month of the summer. During June and July the precipitation is mostly caused by the effects of humidity and heat of the island. The peak of the hurricane season comes in September. Weather conditions can be very rainy as tropical lows pass near the island, with frequent strong thunderstorms. By early November the tropical cyclone season fades and the weather becomes drier and generally sunny.
December brings the Dry Season which lasts through March. Weakening cool fronts from the north lower temperatures and humidity, and dry and sunny conditions prevail. In San Juan in the winter months, high temperatures reach 77–87 °F (25–30 °C) with an average high of 83 °F and lows down to 66–76 °F (19–24 °C), giving an average of 71 °F (22 °C). In the central area of the island the elevation and reduced sea effects bring the minimum temperatures to 55–65 °F (13–18 °C) on average. After fronts pass the temperature may drop to the 40s (4–9 °C) in the mountains, in the 50s (10–15 °C) in the valleys, and in the low 60s (16 °C to 20 °C) in the coastal zone. In general the climate in the dry season is sunny, with little change from day to day. February and March are often quite dry, sunny and hot.
Sun.
The sunrise varies from 5:30 a.m. in summer and 7:00 a.m. in winter. Sunset varies between 5:40 p.m. in winter and 7:10 p.m. in summer. Puerto Rico does not use daylight saving time. The ultraviolet index or UV index varies from 10+ in the summer and a maximum of 7 in winter.

</doc>
<doc id="6918191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918191" title="2005–06 Uruguayan Primera División">
2005–06 Uruguayan Primera División

The 2005–06 season in the Uruguayan Primera División saw Nacional defend and win a back-to-back-title by defeating the surprise of the championship, Rocha F.C., on two consecutive finals, thus winning their 41st title in Uruguayan football. Two teams were relegated, Deportivo Colonia and Cerro, but this time only one team, Progreso, was promoted.
Overview.
It was contested by 20 teams, and Nacional won the championship.
Championship play-off.
Finals.
Nacional winners of semifinal; the team should play the final against the best team of the aggregate table 2005–06; as that is also Nacional, they are champions of Uruguay 2005–06.

</doc>
<doc id="6918199" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918199" title="Plostina">
Plostina



</doc>
<doc id="6918209" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918209" title="What Is Love (En Vogue song)">
What Is Love (En Vogue song)

"What Is Love" is a song by American group En Vogue, released on October 26, 1993, as the final single from their second album, "Funky Divas". The song was not released commercially, but was instead shipped to dance clubs across the United States. "What Is Love" reached the top 10 of the US dance chart. The song appeared again in 1993 as part of the group's "Runaway Love" EP. This was the only song En Vogue produced for market featuring Maxine Jones and Cindy Herron sharing lead vocals. It was initially supposed to be included on the EP "Remix to Sing" as a new song, but missed the production deadline and was added to their subsequent album "Funky Divas".
Critical reception.
Larry Flick from "Billboard" called the song "the only house-minded moment" on "Funky Divas", adding that it "has been nicely retouched with a thick'n'chewy underground groove by Mentalinstrum, who is better known as a member of the Smack Productions posse. He has done a fine job of taking the song to interesting new depths, while wisely keeping those nifty vocals front and center at all times." Arion Berger from "Entertainment Weekly" said the album "has an awkward charm", especially on "What Is Love", "in which they archly recite dictionary definitions of the word." Pop Rescue noted that "parts of this song" reminds "a bit of Deee-Lite’s What Is Love?, pieces of Madonna‘s ‘Vogue’, CeCe Peniston and Kym Sims." They added that "the vocals really belt out here, and at times, it doesn’t sound very much like En Vogue amongst all the spoken word sections, and sampled bits." Cheo H. Coker from "Stanford Daily" described the song as "a house groove" with "a rather funky, upbeat note", and added that it "will also be a commercial success."

</doc>
<doc id="6918211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918211" title="Podisu">
Podisu



</doc>
<doc id="6918216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918216" title="Apaneca Range">
Apaneca Range



</doc>
<doc id="6918217" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918217" title="Svetlana Gontcharenko">
Svetlana Gontcharenko



</doc>
<doc id="6918221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918221" title="Bradford Lock">
Bradford Lock

Bradford Lock () is on the Kennet and Avon Canal at Bradford on Avon, Wiltshire, England.
It was in Bradford on Avon that the first sod was cut for the Kennet and Avon Canal in 1794. The lock has a rise/fall of 12 ft 6 inches (3.81 m).
There are moorings above and below Bradford Lock. Next to the canal, a little way west of the lock, is a large 14th-century tithe barn. Beside the lock is Bradford Wharf, where there are several historical buildings associated with the canal. The Wharfinger's House was the home of the Canal Company employee who managed the wharf. Across the canal was a gauging dock where canal boats were measured and weighed to determine toll rates.
The pound below the lock is about long and is the second longest on the canal, finishing when arriving at Bath Locks.

</doc>
<doc id="6918222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918222" title="Poganesti">
Poganesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918223" title="Powerteam USA">
Powerteam USA



</doc>
<doc id="6918230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918230" title="Bayport (The Hardy Boys)">
Bayport (The Hardy Boys)



</doc>
<doc id="6918231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918231" title="Poienita">
Poienita



</doc>
<doc id="6918235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918235" title="Coke party">
Coke party



</doc>
<doc id="6918236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918236" title="Game party">
Game party



</doc>
<doc id="6918239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918239" title="Pontian Greek language">
Pontian Greek language



</doc>
<doc id="6918240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918240" title="Popesti">
Popesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918241" title="Pool party">
Pool party



</doc>
<doc id="6918246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918246" title="Catherine Harris">
Catherine Harris

Catherine Mary Harris is an Australian company director. She has served as chairperson of Harris Farm Markets since 1999.
Career.
Harris graduated from the University of New South Wales with a Bachelor of Commerce. Following university Harris worked for both David Jones and Grace Bros. In 1971, Harris co-founded Harris Farm Markets with her husband, David.
She has previously held roles as the Deputy Chancellor University of New South Wales 1999-2003; chief executive and director of the Affirmative Action Agency; chief executive of Harris Communications (International Marketing Company); chair of Mary Rossi Travel, and chair of the St Margaret's Public and Private Hospital.
Harris currently serves as a director of the National Gallery of Australia, The Australian Ballet, UNSW Business School, the Museum of Contemporary Art Australia, the Australia Japan Foundation and as a Trustee of the Sydney Cricket &amp; Sports Ground Trust. She has served as Honorary Consul of Bhutan in Sydney since 2 June 2004. Harris is a governor of the University of Notre Dame Australia. In February 2012 she was appointed to Australian Rugby League Commission.
Honours and awards.
In 2000 Harris was awarded the Public Service Medal (PSM) "for outstanding public service as Director of the Commonwealth's Affirmative Action Agency and her role in the acceptance of affirmative action by Australia's business community." She was awarded the Centenary Medal on 1 January 2001 "for service to Australian society in business leadership".
In 2006 Harris was appointed an Officer of the Order of Australia (AO) "for service to community development through leadership roles in organisations related to education, health care, advancement of the status of women, the Catholic Church, the arts and sport, and to international relations between Australia and Asia, particularly support for Bhutanese people living in Australia."
The UNSW Business School awarded Harris with an Honorary Doctorate of Business in 2008; and she is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (FAICD).
Personal life.
Harris is a Roman Catholic, is married to David whom she met while completing her undergraduate degree, and together they have five sons.

</doc>
<doc id="6918248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918248" title="Prajesti">
Prajesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918251" title="Yulia Sotnikova">
Yulia Sotnikova



</doc>
<doc id="6918253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918253" title="Millilitres">
Millilitres



</doc>
<doc id="6918254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918254" title="Pharm party">
Pharm party



</doc>
<doc id="6918257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918257" title="Prihodiste">
Prihodiste



</doc>
<doc id="6918260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918260" title="Prodanesti">
Prodanesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918261" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918261" title="Evenstar (jewel)">
Evenstar (jewel)



</doc>
<doc id="6918266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918266" title="Capital Airlines, Nigeria">
Capital Airlines, Nigeria



</doc>
<doc id="6918269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918269" title="GURPS Discworld Also">
GURPS Discworld Also



</doc>
<doc id="6918272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918272" title="Puiesti">
Puiesti



</doc>
<doc id="6918278" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918278" title="Christopher Tony Wolstenholme">
Christopher Tony Wolstenholme



</doc>
<doc id="6918283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918283" title="Purcareni">
Purcareni



</doc>
<doc id="6918287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918287" title="Purcaret">
Purcaret



</doc>
<doc id="6918291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918291" title="Nas Ne Dogonyat">
Nas Ne Dogonyat



</doc>
<doc id="6918295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918295" title="Putinei">
Putinei



</doc>
<doc id="6918297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918297" title="Ole Henrik Fagerås">
Ole Henrik Fagerås

Ole Henrik Fagerås (born 20 August 1939) is a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed in the early 1960s. He won a bronze medal in the individual event at the 1962 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Zakopane.
Fagerås also won the Nordic combined event at the 1962 Holmenkollen ski festival.

</doc>
<doc id="6918304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918304" title="Rachita">
Rachita



</doc>
<doc id="6918309" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918309" title="Louisiana Baptist Theological Seminary">
Louisiana Baptist Theological Seminary



</doc>
<doc id="6918311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918311" title="James Penton">
James Penton

Marvin James Penton (April 27, 1932 – November 4, 2024) was a Canadian historian and author. A professor emeritus of history at the University of Lethbridge in Lethbridge, Alberta, he was the author of three books on the history of Jehovah's Witnesses. Although raised in the religion, he was expelled in 1981 on the grounds of apostasy after criticizing some of the teachings and conduct of the religion's leadership. His expulsion gained national media attention.
Background.
Born on April 27, 1932 in Saskatchewan, Penton was raised as a fourth-generation Jehovah's Witness, experiencing as a child Canadian government restrictions on the religion's activities. He was baptized in June 1948 and was sent by his parents to Arizona because of ill health. Penton attended Amphitheater High School in Tucson, Arizona. He married Marilyn Mae Kling when they were both 19 (circa 1951).
From 1953 to 1956 he attended the University of Arizona, majoring in History with minors in German and Spanish. He received his Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) in 1956. In 1956–1959 he attended the University of Iowa, studying Medieval History and serving as a research and teaching assistant. He received his Master of Arts (M.A.) in European History in 1959. In 1965, he received his Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in Latin American History with a minor in Religious Studies, from the University of Iowa.
Over the years, Penton served in various capacities in Jehovah's Witness congregations in the United States, Puerto Rico and Canada while pursuing an academic career, before moving to Alberta in 1965.
Penton died on November 4, 2024, at the age of 92.
Dissent.
While serving as an elder in his Lethbridge congregation in the late 1970s, he developed concerns over the Watch Tower Society’s emphasis on the requirement for Witnesses to engage in public preaching work and what he saw as a growing harshness and intolerance in the treatment of members of the religion by those in authority.
On August 10, 1979, he sent an eight-page letter to the society detailing his concerns. He opened the letter by saying he would "write lovingly but candidly about what I believe to be the central problem in our organization – the thing which has sickened it and for which the Governing Body as such must take much direct responsibility".
 
Penton gave examples of what he claimed were distortions of New Testament texts to support Watch Tower Society teachings on house-to-house preaching, criticized the appointment of elders chiefly on the basis of field service records and described circuit overseer visits as "military inspections". He also sought a re-emphasis on justification by faith.
The letter, which was distributed among some Witnesses in Lethbridge, prompted accusations from within the organization's hierarchy that Penton was denigrating and opposed to the preaching work and resulted in pointed talks by the circuit and district overseers in Lethbridge warning that anyone who suggested the religion’s Governing Body had made "lots of mistakes" about the issue was lying, "blaspheming the organization" and trying to destroy it. One overseer told an assembly: "Woe betide the man that would speak evil against the representatives of God. He may become like Miriam and stricken with leprosy and he might lose his life." Another overseer said those who suggested the Governing Body were wrong were "unrighteous people" who would die at God's judgment day. Author James Beverley observed: "It is not often that preachers use the threat of leprosy to keep the flock in line." He said most informed Witnesses in Lethbridge would have guessed that the comments were directed chiefly against Penton.
Penton resigned as an elder in December 1979, but a day later withdrew the resignation. He received a one-page reply to his letter from the society's headquarters in January 1980 that urged him to adjust his viewpoint or remain silent.
Despite his protests that he was the subject of a witch hunt and injustice because of expressing his view about a religion he had once hailed as a "champion of free speech", Penton was disfellowshipped, or expelled, from Jehovah's Witnesses on the grounds of apostasy in February 1981. His expulsion triggered a schism among Lethbridge Witnesses, as 80 supporters – about a quarter of all local members – severed ties or were expelled from the religion. The events surrounding his expulsion gained widespread media attention including national television coverage, and were the subject of a 1986 book, "Crisis of Allegiance", by James A. Beverley, an assistant professor at Atlantic Baptist College in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.
Books.
"Jehovah’s Witnesses in Canada: Champions of Freedom of Speech and Worship".
While still a member, he wrote "Jehovah’s Witnesses in Canada: Champions of Freedom of Speech and Worship" (1976), a history of the religion's struggle for religious freedom under Canadian law, in which he claimed that much of the political and theological attacks on the Watch Tower Society had been grossly unfair. He subsequently appeared on a national current affairs television program in Canada defending the religion's doctrines and denying its leaders were guilty of false prophecy. The book gained brief mentions in the society's magazine "The Watchtower" (quoting a "Toronto Star" review) and three years later in a "Yearbook" article about the Witnesses' history in Canada, although Penton later wrote that he found it curious that the society refused to quote directly from it or otherwise mention it in publications or conventions. "As a result," he wrote, "some Witnesses manifested direct hostility towards it. On occasions I was openly criticized by particularly narrow Witnesses with 'trying to make money on the brothers' or 'trying to make a big fellow out of myself'."
From 1942 onwards, Jehovah's Witnesses "decreed that all the society’s books and articles were to be published anonymously", according to them, "on the ground that only God should be given credit for religious truth, not individual human authors".
"Apocalypse Delayed: The Story of Jehovah's Witnesses".
Penton began work on "Apocalypse Delayed: The Story of Jehovah's Witnesses" soon afterwards, but halted his research and writing in 1979 after developing concerns over what he viewed as a growing punitive response of the religion's leadership to doctrinal dissent from within its ranks. He resumed work on the book after his expulsion and it was published in 1985. 
"Jehovah's Witnesses and the Third Reich: Sectarian Politics under Persecution".
In 2004 he published "Jehovah's Witnesses and the Third Reich: Sectarian Politics under Persecution", which highlights what he claims are discrepancies between the religion's official history of its opposition to Nazism during World War II and documented facts (see Persecution of Jehovah's Witnesses in Nazi Germany). Penton describes that the Witnesses have attempted to rewrite their previous history under the Nazi government by concealing early overtures to Adolf Hitler and sidelining the group's antisemitism. The failure of those efforts and the persecution by the government, Penton states resulted in the Witnesses in 1933 going back to their earlier position of opposing the Nazis.
Historian Detlef Garbe, director at the Neuengamme (Hamburg) Memorial, criticized Penton's "new theory" that in the 1930s the Watch Tower Society had "adapted" to National Socialism's anti-semitic aggression. Garbe suggested Penton's interpretation reflected a "deep-seated aversion" against his former religion and that "from a historiographic viewpoint Penton's writings perhaps show a lack of scientific objectivity".
Scholar Kevin P. Spicer states that Penton considers statements by leader Joseph Rutherford and the Witnesses as important toward understanding their attempts at dealing with the Nazi government (early 1930s) by distancing the group from Jews and altering their pro-Jewish position. Shortcomings of the book are described by Spicer that it is over reliant on published collections and secondary sources and has an absence of sources from the German archive. Spicer states however that without downplaying the resistance to Nazism by the Witnesses, "Penton has alerted the reader to the reality that the Jehovah's Witnesses, like most Christians, embraced some form of nationalism and anti-Semitism, especially in the early years of Hitler's reign." In historian Leon Stein's review of Garbe's work on Jehovah’s Witnesses in the Third Reich, he considers it wide ranging, but Penton's work as more critical on the topic.
R. Singelenberg wrote that "to conclude from this and scattered anecdotal evidence, as Penton does, that both Rutherford and his following were anti-semitic, while virtually ignoring socio-historical context is demagogical rather than the result of solid analysis [...] the author commits the same fallacy as the object of his dislike which tends to view writers who express too much criticism as apostates of opponents. If Penton would have been able to transform his seemingly personal vendetta into a detached analysis, this study would have rendered considerable surplus value. As it is now, the WBTS will undoubtedly see the book as a reconfirmation of apostate disgression, while the scientific community will frown upon the author's lack of objectivity".
Other works.
Penton also edited two journals, wrote five articles about Jehovah's Witnesses, and also wrote the "Canadian Encyclopedia"s entry about the religion.

</doc>
<doc id="6918313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6918313" title="Racovita">
Racovita



</doc>
