<doc id="6939922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939922" title="2008 IndyCar Series">
2008 IndyCar Series

The 2008 IndyCar Series was the 13th season of the IndyCar Series. It was the 97th recognized season of top-level American open wheel racing. It began on March 29, 2008, and ended on September 7 after 17 point-scoring races, plus a non-championship event on October 26.
The season was historically significant, as IndyCar became the single major open wheel racing series in the United States. After 12 years of direct competition, the managements of Indy Racing League and Champ Car announced an agreement to become a single entity in February, which led to the cancellation of the 2008 Champ Car World Series. A number of teams, drivers and race events joined the series, bolstering numbers and signalling a new era for open wheel racing in the United States after years of sporting and financial hardship.
Scott Dixon, driving for Chip Ganassi Racing, achieved his second championship and the first 'unified' title by winning six races, including his first victory at the Indianapolis 500, becoming the third driver in a row to complete the IndyCar–Indy 500 double in the same season. Hideki Mutoh, driving for Andretti Green Racing, won Rookie of the Year honors.
Background and series news.
Unification with Champ Car.
On January 23, 2008, Robin Miller reported that Tony George had offered to Champ Car management a proposal that included free cars and engine leases to Champ Car teams willing to run the entire 2008 IndyCar Series schedule in exchange for adding Champ Car's dates at Long Beach, Toronto, Edmonton, Mexico City, and Australia to the IndyCar Series schedule, effectively uniting American open wheel racing. The offer was initially made in November 2007. On February 10, 2008, Tony George, along with IRL representatives Terry Angstadt and Brian Barnhart, plus former Honda executive Robert Clarke, traveled to Japan to discuss moving the Indy Japan 300 at Twin Ring Motegi. Moving that race, or postponing it, would be required in order to accommodate the Long Beach Grand Prix, which was scheduled for the same weekend. Optimism following the meeting was high.
On February 19, 2008, Robin Miller reported on SPEED and Curt Cavin blogged on IndyStar.com that the managements of Indy Racing League and Champ Car had come to an agreement to become one entity. The move would effectively end a 12-year split and unite American Open Wheel racing. Meanwhile, Brian Barnhart announced that Tony George was negotiating the unification, and an inventory of available IndyCar chassis and equipment for the Champ Car teams was underway. On February 22, Cavin initially reported that no deal had been reached between the IRL and CCWS in a lengthy dinner meeting between George and CCWS president Kevin Kalkhoven the previous evening. Later in the day, however, the unification agreement was finally announced by IndyCar, with final details being provided in a press conference on February 27.
The new unified series was centered around IndyCar Series' existing schedule, car and engine/tires suppliers, signifying the end of the Champ Car World Series as a stand-alone series. It was also the end for the Panoz DP01 after just one year of service, and for Cosworth as an engine supplier in Indy car racing. Under the offer of free cars and engines, plus technical assistance from existing IndyCar teams, six of the nine teams scheduled to compete in Champ Car were able to continue operations in the series. The unification agreement enjoyed massive support from both sides of the Split and other racing competitors, though some criticism was levied over the late timing for Champ Car teams, the costly and forced obsolescence of the Panoz DP01, the loss of many staple Champ Car events and the perceived masquerading of a 'takeover' by IndyCar as a 'merger' deal.
Other news.
Prior to the unification, the bigger news surrounding IndyCar on the sporting side was the departure of its two most recent champions and Indianapolis 500 winners to the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. Reigning champion Dario Franchitti and three-time champion Sam Hornish Jr. elected to race in the popular stock car circuit, following in the steps of other former open-wheel drivers such as Juan Pablo Montoya, Jacques Villeneuve, Patrick Carpentier, A. J. Allmendinger, Scott Speed and Max Papis. At the same time, four-time Champ Car champion Sébastien Bourdais had departed the rival series to join Formula 1, a year after Allmendinger went the NASCAR route that teammate Paul Tracy almost followed.
The field also lost Scott Sharp, the 1996 co-champion of the Indy Racing League, who departed the series after 12 seasons to drive in the American Le Mans Series after an acrimonious split with Rahal Letterman Racing. Franchitti, Hornish and Sharp combined for five championships, 46 wins and 36 pole positions during their open-wheel careers.
With the prospect of existing teams downsizing their full-time operations in an already thin field, IndyCar announced a revenue sharing plan entitled IndyCar TEAM (Team Enhancement and Allocation Matrix) for 2008.
During the off-season, IndyCar enlisted the services of Tony Cotman as Vice President of Competition, who had worked for Champ Car the previous three seasons as Vice President of Operations and race director.
Off the track, Hélio Castroneves became a massive sensation and attained celebrity status after participating and winning the fifth season of ABC's "Dancing with the Stars". An estimated audience of 24.90 million viewers saw Castroneves win the final show, with an average viewership of 21.67 million espectators over the season. Andretti Green Racing driver Danica Patrick, who already enjoyed major national recognizition, further expanded her reach by prominently featuring in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue.
Confirmed entries.
The following teams, entries, and drivers competed in the 2008 IndyCar Series season.
"1 The former Champ Car teams that transitioned to the IndyCar Series competed at the Grand Prix of Long Beach (round 3) instead of the Indy Japan 300 at Motegi, contested under Champ Car rules with the cars, engines and tires from the series."
Schedule.
The original 16-race schedule was released on September 19, 2007. After the unification with Champ Car, the schedule was eventually expanded to 18 races, plus a non-championship event.
 Oval speedway
 Road course
 Street circuit
NC Non-championship race
† – The Indy Japan 300 was originally scheduled for April 19, but was postponed to the next day due to multiple weepers on the track.
Testing.
Some of the new technical changes for 2008 were tried in a post-season Open Test on October 12, 2007, at Barber Motorsports Park, which held an IndyCar test for the first time with seven drivers from Andretti Green, Ganassi, Penske and Panther. The test was led by Tony Kanaan with a best time of 1:09.743. In December 2007, six drivers took part in a Firestone tire test at Homestead–Miami Speedway, while Scott Dixon and Ryan Hunter-Reay took part in a series test the following day to evaluate potential layout changes at Infineon Raceway.
Testing resumed on February 27–28 in night conditions at Homestead, in the wake of the unification agreement. with 16 drivers in attendance from carryover IndyCar teams. Dan Wheldon set the fastest time overall in the first day at 213.312 mph, while Danica Patrick led the second day with a best speed of 213.182 mph after sitting the first day with flu-like symptoms.
On March, IndyCar conducted its first two Open Tests ever at Sebring International Raceway, a popular venue for Champ Car testing. 18 drivers from carryover IndyCar teams split test days between March 3–6, with Tony Kanaan leading the first two days and Ryan Briscoe setting the pace in the last two with a best lap time of 52.4206. Jay Howard, who missed the Homestead test due to not having the approval for oval racing at the time, took part in the first two days, while Townsend Bell made his debut with Dreyer &amp; Reinbold on the final day, taking over from Milka Duno.
The five transitioning Champ Car teams were scheduled to test on March 19–20, but only six drivers took part as Newman/Haas/Lanigan and HVM Racing were not ready in time. KV Racing Technology set the pace on both days with Will Power and Oriol Servià, whose best time of 52.7035 was only bettered two weeks earlier by both Penske drivers, with the help of additional rubber from previous week's 12 Hours of Sebring. Newman/Haas and HVM's test time was reallocated to April 1 during an Indy Lights test, but rain restricted running to 45 laps overall between both teams.
During the week of the season opener at Homestead–Miami Speedway, a special Open Test was arranged on March 24–25, with 11 drivers from the five transitioning Champ Car teams and for Roth Racing, who led both days of testing with Marty Roth with a best lap of 212.816 mph. KV Racing Technology was again the fastest among Champ Car teams on their first oval experience in the Dallara IR05. As a result, speeds were expectedly sluggish compared to most of the IndyCar-based teams, with Oriol Servià setting a best lap of 210.176 mph among convert teams. A crash by Graham Rahal on Day 2 sidelined him from the race weekend due to a lack of parts.
Results.
NC Non-championship race
Race summaries.
Round 1: GAINSCO Auto Insurance Indy 300.
After qualifying, the Vision Racing qualifying times of Ed Carpenter and A. J. Foyt IV (2nd and 3rd) were disallowed, and forced to move to the rear of the field. After a crash during qualifying, Dan Wheldon was forced to a back-up car at the rear of the field as well.
At the start, Scott Dixon beat Danica Patrick into the first turn. Dixon went on to lead most of the way through lap 71. After a series of pit stops, Marco Andretti moved into the lead. On lap 127, Milka Duno spun in turn two, and collected Ryan Briscoe, who was running sixth. Later, Tony Kanaan moved back into the lead until the final round of pit stops. By pitting out-of-sequence Danica Patrick unlapped herself, and moved up to second place. The position was short-lived, as she was forced to pit for fuel before the end of the race. With seven laps to go, E. J. Viso spun directly in front the leader Kanaan, and clipped his right-front suspension. Kanaan attempted to limp around and hold on to the victory if the race finished under caution. With four laps to go, the green came out, and Kanaan was forced to pull out of the way. Scott Dixon got by, and held on for the victory.
Despite starting at the rear of the field, Dan Wheldon charged to the front, managed to lead 9 laps, and came home third. In addition, both Vision cars rebounded to finish in the top 10.
2008 was the last season that the series season opener held in an oval track to date until 2020.
Round 2: Honda Grand Prix of St. Petersburg.
Heavy rain in the morning soaked the track, and left considerable standing water. The race was started under 10 laps of caution as the track dried. At the start, Tony Kanaan assumed the lead, but soon was passed by Justin Wilson. The early part of the race saw several spins by several cars, including Danica Patrick, Marco Andretti and Mario Moraes.
On the 37th lap after a restart, rookie Graham Rahal was hit from behind by Will Power while running 3rd. He was able to continue. Several cautions slowed the race, including a crash by Ryan Briscoe, and a multi-car incident involving Vítor Meira, Franck Perera, and Townsend Bell. On the restart that followed, Rahal-Letterman Racing driver Ryan Hunter-Reay led Graham Rahal. Rahal got the jump and took the lead into the first turn. With time running out before the two-hout time limit, the race was poised to end before the scheduled distance. On the final restart, just under 4 minutes of racing remained. Rahal held off a charging Hélio Castroneves and won his first race.
At 19 years, 93 days old, Rahal became the youngest driver ever to win an Indy-style race, as well as the youngest winner in IndyCar Series history. He broke Marco Andretti's record from 2006. He also became the fourth driver to win an IndyCar Series race in his first start, joining Buzz Calkins, Juan Pablo Montoya and Scott Dixon.
Round 3A: Indy Japan 300.
At the start, Marco Andretti lost control in turn one due to cold tires and crashed out of the race. Meanwhile, Hélio Castroneves took the lead, and led the first 92 laps. On the 48th lap, Ed Carpenter and Danica Patrick pitted, but moments later the caution came out when Hideki Mutoh crashed. The pits became closed, and the remainder of the leaders had to wait to make their respective pit stops. After the field was shuffled, Castroneves still maintained the lead.
On the 92nd lap, Vítor Meira brushed the wall. In the pits, Vision Racing teammates Carpenter and A. J. Foyt IV made contact in their pit stalls. Scott Dixon exited the pits first, and took over the lead.
On lap 142, Roger Yasukawa stalled on the mainstretch with a brake failure. The ensuing caution period set up an exciting finish due to fuel strategy, as most teams were getting 51 laps on a single tank of fuel. The top seven leaders all pitted together, with Dixon coming out in the lead once again. On lap 148, Castroneves, Patrick, and Carpenter all returned to the pits to top off their tanks, in hopes of going the distance without one last pit stop, hoping that the race would go green to the finish.
Shortly after the restart on lap 149, Patrick dropped back to seventh place (last car on the lead lap) in a fuel conservation strategy to have enough fuel to challenge the leader at the end of the race. With the race remaining green, during the final ten laps, most of the leaders, not having enough fuel to get to the end, ducked off the track for "splash-and-go" pit stops for fuel. Despite topping off his tank earlier, Ed Carpenter, getting poorer fuel economy than the rest of the lead-lap cars, was forced to pit for fuel. Castroneves inherited the lead with less than 5 laps to go, with Patrick charging in second place. Castroneves slowed his pace to conserve fuel, and Patrick took the lead with 2 laps to go. Patrick held on to win, and became the first female to win a race in the history of top-level American open wheel racing.
Round 3B: Toyota Grand Prix of Long Beach.
The final race of the Champ Car era took place less than a day after the checkered flag fell at the Indy Japan 300. Teams which raced in ChampCars in 2007 stayed in North America for the 34th annual Long Beach Grand Prix, while teams which planned to compete in the IndyCar Series before the merger raced at Motegi.
The contingent of former Champ Car teams produced a 20-car field, all using the turbocharged Cosworth/Panoz DP01 for the final time. From a standing start (the first such at Long Beach since 1983; Champ Car had used the start from June 2007), Will Power got the jump from fourth position to take the lead into turn one. Power led 81 of the 83 laps, relinquishing the top position only during pit stops.
All participants entering other IndyCar races earned points towards the 2008 IndyCar Series championship. All the teams raced together again a week later at Kansas Speedway, and for the remainder of the schedule together.
The race was run under Champ Car rules, which included the standing start, option tire, two-day qualifying format, ran on time (1hr 45 mins) rather than a set number of laps.
Round 4: RoadRunner Turbo Indy 300.
At the start, Scott Dixon took the lead from the pole position. Meanwhile, Enrique Bernoldi spun and headed to the pits. On lap 23, Will Power crashed in turn 2. While the field pitted under the caution, Justin Wilson stayed out and took the lead.
Dixon took the lead back on the restart, and maintained the lead through the next series of pit stops. On lap 98, the caution came out again for a crash involving E. J. Viso and Tomas Scheckter. After another long green flag segment, Buddy Rice brought out the yellow on lap 153 with a heavy crash in turn 2. In the pits, Danica Patrick retired from the race with a broken wheel hub. Meanwhile, Scott Dixon, who had dominated most of the race, was shuffled back to seventh place.
The race resumed after a long yellow with Dan Wheldon leading. Wheldon pulled away and led the final 49 laps to record his first IndyCar Series victory since April 2007.
Round 5: Indianapolis 500.
Polesitter Scott Dixon led 115 laps, including the last 29, to win his first Indy 500. Several cars, including Tony Kanaan, Graham Rahal, Jeff Simmons and Justin Wilson were involved in crashes. With 29 laps to go Danica Patrick was eliminated when Ryan Briscoe clipped her car exiting the pits, damaging both. They were fined $100,000 and placed on probation for their actions.
Round 6: ABC Supply Company A. J. Foyt 225.
Marco Andretti took the lead from the pole position, and led the first 40 laps. He was chased early by Scott Dixon and teammate Tony Kanaan. Graham Rahal, who started on the outside of the front row, shuffled back, but remained in the top 5 for the first half of the race.
The first half was mostly green, with only a minor caution involving Oriol Servia and another for debris. Later in the first fuel segment, Andretti's handling started to suffer, and Scott Dixon took over the lead. Hélio Castroneves took over second, and Andretti fell back as deep as tenth.
On lap 130, Graham Rahal went high in turn three to pass Darren Manning. He got into the marbles, and brushed along the wall in turn four. After holding the lead for 136 laps, Dixon was finally challenged by Ryan Briscoe. Briscoe took over the lead on lap 177, and held it until a green flag pit stop on lap 194. After a sequence of pit stops, Castroneves, Andretti and Wheldon all cycled near the front. When all pit stops were complete, Briscoe held a half-second lead over Dixon. The two battled for the lead over the final 21 laps.
With less than three laps to go, Marco Andretti dove underneath Ed Carpenter in turn one. The cars touched, and both cars spun into the wall. Vítor Meira became caught up in the smoke, and rode up over Andretti, becoming airborne. He landed upright, and all drivers were uninjured. The race finished under caution with Ryan Briscoe picking up his first career IndyCar victory, and 300th overall win for the Mooresville, North Carolina–based Penske Racing in all motorsports series.
Round 7: Bombardier Learjet 550.
In the first half, three single-car incidents involving Mario Domínguez, Justin Wilson, and Oriol Servia slowed the race. The lead changed hands between Hélio Castroneves, Bruno Junqueira, and Scott Dixon for the first 100 laps.
Two sequences of green flag pit stops occurred under a long stretch of green flag conditions. A caution for debris came out on lap 165, sending the leaders to the pits once more. Vítor Meira stayed out to take over the lead.
With 21 laps to go, Meira was forced to pit for fuel, giving up the lead to Marco Andretti. Moments later, Enrique Bernoldi crashed in turn four. Andretti led the field back to green on lap 219.
With six laps to go, Scott Dixon slipped by Andretti to take the lead. On the next lap, down the backstretch, third place Ryan Hunter-Reay dove below Andretti heading into turn three. Hunter-Reay pinched his left wheels onto the apron, lost control, and touched wheels with Andretti. Both cars spun and crashed hard into the wall. The race finished under caution with Dixon the winner, and Hélio Castroneves slipping by the accident to finish second.
Round 8: Iowa Corn Indy 250.
At the green flag, Hélio Castroneves took the lead in turn 1 from polesitter Scott Dixon. Tony Kanaan quickly moved up to second position. Over the next 10–15 laps, Castroneves and Kanaan battled back-and-forth for the lead, side-by-side on many laps. Kanaan finally muscled the lead away on lap 16, and gained a lead of roughly one second.
On lap 39, Ed Carpenter brushed the outside wall in turn 2. The leaders pit, and Kanaan exited the pits as the leader. On lap 51, the green came back out, and a lap later, Castroneves got by Kanaan for the lead. Jaime Camara brought out the yellow on lap 106 when his car lost power and stopped on the course. After another sequence of pit stops, Tony Kanaan led Dan Wheldon and Marco Andretti. On the restart, Wheldon lost control and slid up the track, falling to 8th place.
On lap 157 Mario Moraes spun into the pit apron, bringing out a caution, and the leaders pitted. John Andretti's pitcrew had trouble engaging the fuel hose, and he dropped back the end of the running order. Prior to this he had been running in 7th place, one of the highest positions ever for a Roth Racing car.
Castroneves regained the lead on lap 170, and held it until another yellow came out on lap 188 for a spin by Enrique Bernoldi. Most of the leaders pitted, but Dan Wheldon, Hideki Mutoh, and Danica Patrick stayed out to lead the field. On the restart Mario Moraes spun for the second time of the day, and prolonged the yellow until lap 202. On lap 212, Tony Kanaan (running third) suddenly lost control and crashed in turn 1.
On the lap 227 restart, Marco Andretti and Scott Dixon passed Danica Patrick to take third and fourth place respectively. Over the final 15 laps, Mutoh and Andretti battled for second, with Mutoh holding off Andretti's challenge. Dan Wheldon went on to win, and Chip Ganassi Racing donated their race winnings from both cars to Iowa flood relief. After getting by Danica Patrick late in the race, A. J. Foyt IV finished in the top 5, while John Andretti just missed the top 10, working his way back to 11th.
Round 9: SunTrust Indy Challenge.
At the start, Ryan Hunter-Reay spun just before the start/finish line, which brought the yellow out immediately. The first 7 laps were run under yellow with Tony Kanaan leading from the pole position. On lap 8, the green came out, but only one lap was completed before the next yellow. Will Power was driving below Hélio Castroneves, lost control, and crashed in turn 4. The race finally got going on lap 21, when the green came out once again.
On lap 31, A. J. Foyt IV touched wheels with John Andretti, and Foyt crashed in the wall in turn 2. His Vision Racing teammate Ed Carpenter ran over debris from the crash, and both cars were sidelined. During the caution, a handful of cars pitted, including Danica Patrick and rookie Jaime Camara, but most of the leaders stayed on the track.
Kanaan continued to lead when debris brought out the caution again on lap 67. All of the leaders pitted, while Camara and Patrick stayed out and took the first two spots. On the restart, Camara led the field, but Buddy Rice spun and tagged the wall on the frontstretch. The field checked up, and Darren Manning, Ryan Briscoe and Bruno Junqueira were involved in a separate crash.
Camara led at the next restart, while Kanaan, Patrick, and Castroneves went 3-wide for second. Behind them in turn 2, John Andretti and Vítor Meira tangled, and crashed hard in the wall. Patrick returned to the pits, and topped off with fuel. Camara continued to lead, and impressively held off Kanaan on the restart. On lap 116, Marco Andretti caught up to Camara, and took the lead for the first time.
Graham Rahal crashed on lap 133 in turn 4. Many of the leaders pitted, but Andretti stayed out to lead. Another restart saw only three green laps, as yet another crash occurred, this time involving Ryan Hunter-Reay and Mario Moraes. Around this time, some teams anticipated that rain might end the race early.
Marco Andretti gave up the lead on lap 204 when he made his final pit stop. That put Tony Kanaan back into the lead. On lap 217, after a brilliant run in the top five, Jaime Camara lost control and crashed on the frontstretch. The yellow trapped Andretti a lap down, and kept Kanaan in the lead after the final sequence of pits stops. The rain held off, and Kanaan led the rest of the way for his first victory of the season.
Round 10: Camping World Watkins Glen Grand Prix.
Polesitter Ryan Briscoe led from the start, but Scott Dixon, who qualified fourth, quickly passed Justin Wilson and Ryan Hunter-Reay to move into second for most of the first half of the race. Dixon was unable to pass Briscoe, but posed a serious challenge and posted comparable lap times.
The start of the race was relatively attrition-free, except for incidents involving two championship contenders. Dan Wheldon made contact with Darren Manning on the first lap, leading to suspension damage for Wheldon. On lap 6 Hélio Castroneves, who had started last after being unable to post a time in qualifying due to a broken throttle, snapping his streak of three consecutive poles at Watkins Glen, had a gearbox problem and stopped just shy of pit lane. With few other drivers dropping out in the first 40 laps, Dixon was poised to massively increase his points lead.
After a brief interlude when Vítor Meira led during a pit stop cycle, Briscoe and Dixon returned to the top two positions and thoroughly dominated the race, leading third-place Hunter-Reay by over 20 seconds. However, Meira and E. J. Viso made contact in turn 8 and the ensuing caution period allowed the other lead-lap cars to catch up to Briscoe and Dixon. All drivers pitted on this caution period except Manning, who stayed out of the pits in an attempt to stretch his fuel mileage. Dixon beat Briscoe and Hunter-Reay out of the pits, but Manning took the lead.
A brief green-flag period on lap 44 ended when Enrique Bernoldi crashed in turn 1, and then the race took a rather unusual turn, with two wrecks occurring under the caution period, before the race returned to green. A restart was waved off when A. J. Foyt IV and Milka Duno crashed in turn 9. Once that was cleaned up, and the IRL officials attempted to restart the race again, Dixon, who was swerving his tires to clean them, unexpectedly spun out and collected Briscoe. Hunter-Reay, who avoided the wreck, suddenly found himself second to Manning.
On lap 51, the race returned to green, with Manning ahead of Hunter-Reay. Hunter-Reay, who had no need to conserve fuel, newer tires, and a stronger car, easily dispatched of Manning in a short green-flag period before another caution came out for Jaime Camara's crash in turn 6. This was the final caution of the race, and Hunter-Reay won easily, claiming his first win in IndyCar, his first American open wheel win since 2004, and the Rahal Letterman Racing team's first win since 2004, with Buddy Rice. Manning did not come close to running out of fuel with all the cautions and finished second, his best career finish. With Castroneves, Wheldon, and Dixon's trouble, Tony Kanaan, who finished third, was the big gainer in the points standings, but Dixon still held a lead of 48 points on Castroneves, and 51 on Wheldon.
Round 11: Firestone Indy 200.
Pole winner Hélio Castroneves led at the start, with Danica Patrick second. On lap 3, Marco Andretti's car wiggled in turn 2, made contact with Ryan Briscoe, and both cars crashed into the outside wall. After the caution, Castroneves continued to lead, and Patrick held on to second.
On lap 45, Patrick attempted to take the lead, but Castroneves was able to hold the position. The move shuffled Patrick back to fifth position. After the first sequence of pit stops, the lead changed hands between Scott Dixon and Tony Kanaan. Kanaan held the lead through the next caution, when Ryan Hunter-Reay crashed in turn 3 on lap 100. All of the leaders pitted under the yellow on lap 102.
On lap 139, Kanaan continued to lead when a light rain brought out the caution. On lap 149, Kanaan, Vítor Meira, Patrick, Castroneves, and others, pitted for tires and fuel. Scott Dixon and Dan Wheldon, however, stayed out and moved into the lead. When the rain stopped, the race went back to green on lap 152.
Scott Dixon led Dan Wheldon as the race passed the 160 lap mark (40 laps to go). With fuel running low, both cars gambled on the rain resuming. On lap 166, rain began to fall, with Dixon the leader. Heavy rain put out the red flag after lap 171. Fifteen minutes later, the race was called, and Scott Dixon was declared the winner.
Round 14: Meijer Indy 300.
This race had a shuffling finish, with Dixon, Andretti and Meira each leading at least one lap in the dying stages before pitting for splash-and-go stops. Castroneves inherited the lead, stayed out as his team assumed he would have enough fuel to finish, and was still leading when the white flag came out. But on the final corner, Castroneves ran out of fuel and Dixon flew past to take his sixth win of the season.
Round 15: Peak Antifreeze &amp; Motor Oil Indy Grand Prix.
After so many second places, this was the race Castroneves had been waiting for, with a smooth, dominant drive to claim his long-awaited first win of the season and close the gap on Dixon in the title race.
Round 16: Detroit Indy Grand Prix.
The finish to this race was not without controversy. Late in the race, Castroneves led Wilson by less than a second, and Castroneves appeared to make an illegal block, causing IRL officials to penalize him, allowing Wilson to move past and take the win by more than 4 seconds.
Nikon Indy 300.
Justin Wilson pitted on the warm-up lap, with the gearbox sticking in third, but joined the start from the back. Will Power immediately dominated the start, pulling a two-second lead on the first lap. Scott Dixon started second but after being forced to cut the first chicane was relegated behind Ryan Briscoe by officialdom.
Mario Moraes and Vítor Meira clashed at the second chicane with Meira spinning without hitting anyone. A few lap later Moraes caused the first safety car, clipping the turn 2 chicane, breaking the right rear corner of the car. Townsend Bell was eliminated after a clash with Hélio Castroneves which wrecked Bell's steering. Later the same lap Castroneves had a right rear puncture caused by Danica Patrick's front wing while passing the Andretti Green Racing driver.
Lap 17 saw the end of Power's dominance of the meeting as he crashed at the Bartercard chicane, which put Briscoe into the lead ahead of Dixon. Briscoe pitted for fuel immediately upon catching the tailmarker, Patrick, but Dixon waited another lap and was held up behind Patrick. At the same time Graham Rahal touched the rear of Ed Carpenter, spinning the Vision Racing car around, almost blocking the track. The emerging safety car almost hit Dixon as he completed his stop.
Behind the safety car Patrick stopped and stalled, almost hitting the stationary car of Carpenter. Dario Franchitti clipped the tyre bundle on the inside of the same chicane and spun and stalled bringing out the safety car. After the restart Tony Kanaan had the right rear suspension break without apparent reason.
After the second round of pitstops the battle for third between Alex Tagliani and Ryan Hunter-Reay was interrupted by Franchitti as a poor pitstop and a poor pit position for Conquest Racing saw Tagliani drop several position behind E. J. Viso. Viso later would twice have to give up spots for cutting chicanes, first to Tagliani, then Castroneves. Lap 48 saw Jaime Camara go straight on and stalled the car attempting to recover.
In the races closing stages Dixon closed in on Briscoe, the two remaining local drivers lapping significantly faster than the rest of the field. Carpenter hit the wall at turn 3 on the last lap but it did not affect the lead battle and Briscoe won his home race ahead of Dixon and Hunter-Reay finished third.

</doc>
<doc id="6939925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939925" title="Monument Hill and Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites">
Monument Hill and Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites

Monument Hill and Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites are two state historic sites managed by the Texas Historical Commission. They are located at 29.888° -96.876°, just off U.S. Route 77, south of La Grange, Texas. The sites sit on a sandstone bluff 200 feet above the Colorado River. Monument Hill is a memorial to the men who died in the Dawson Massacre and in the Black Bean Episode of the ill-fated Mier Expedition.
Kreische Brewery’s ruins are a relic to the golden age of Texas craft brewing and represents the contribution of German immigrants to the unique culture of the state. German immigrant, stonemason and brewer Heinrich Kreische, owned 172 ¼ acres of land on the bluff. He built his house and the brewery in the 1850s and 1860s, and operated the brewery until his death in 1882. The Kreische Brewery and house were listed in the National Register of Historic Places on April 16, 1975.
History.
On September 18, 1848, the remains of Texans killed in the Dawson Massacre and the Black Bean Episode, which had been retrieved from their original burial sites, were reinterred in a common tomb with a sandstone vault at the location now known as Monument Hill. A committee that included Black Bean survivor N.W. Faison chose the location in the summer of 1848. According to newspaper reports, the location was “preferable to any other in the surrounding country; it is a commanding position, and can be seen at a great distance, and will not fail to attract the attention of everyone who passes through the country.” More than 1,000 people from all over the state attended the ceremony. Recent German immigrant and stonemason, Heinrich Ludwig Kreische of La Grange, was chosen to build the limestone tomb using resources quarried from the bottom of the bluff.
Kreische Brewery.
On January 17, 1849, Heinrich Ludwig Kreische purchased 172 ¼ acres (70 ha) of land on the bluff, which included the tomb. Trained as a master stonemason, he built a three-story German-Texan style house on the property and, in the late 1860s, began building a brewery. The brewery was in full operation by the 1870s, and by 1878 it had become the third largest brewing operation in Texas, with 774 barrels recorded and distributed around the local area. The brewery’s flagship product was "Kreische Bluff Beer.”
The Kreische family were well-respected members of the German community. The family leased a small portion of the land near the bluff edge to the local Bluff Scheutzenverein, or marksmanship society, for gatherings, competitions, and celebrations. Heinrich also owned and operated the Union Beer Hall in downtown La Grange, where his customers could enjoy a glass of Bluff Beer along with national favorites such as Anheuser-Busch.
Rapid industrialization, the rise of railroads, and the progression of commercial refrigeration challenged local and small-scale brewing in the late 1800s, and by the 1880s, Kreische’s brewing business began to decline. In addition to owning and operating his brewery, Kreische continued to work on stonemasonry projects in the area, including the construction of an icehouse in downtown La Grange.
Kreische’s untimely death in 1882 was likely the final blow to the brewery—ultimately it shut down in 1884. For two years, Kreische’s family continued the business, but without Kreische’s leadership and the decline of small breweries, the business failed, and the building was abandoned. In subsequent years, the decaying brewery structure became a prominent picnic spot and attraction for adventuring couples and families. The only historic pictures of the brewery are from these sightseers in the early 1900s.
Tomb and monument.
Kreische maintained the tomb of the Dawson and Mier men for the remainder of his life, but the tomb and Kreische Brewery began to deteriorate after his death in 1882. The Kreische family continued to live in their house on the bluff until the youngest daughter Julia Kreische’s death in 1952. Throughout those years, Kreische’s heirs made several requests to have the tomb removed from their property, as it was frequently vandalized.
On September 18, 1933, a new granite vault was dedicated, For the 1936 Texas Centennial, the Texas Centennial Commission erected a 48-foot (15 m) shellstone monument with an art deco mural to prominently mark the mass grave. In 1949 the Board of Control transferred the site to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department. The Mier Expedition and Dawson’s Men Monument and Tomb was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on March 6, 2019.
Evolution of the Historic Sites.
Upon Julia Kreische’s death in 1952, the remaining land outside of the .36 owned by the state was willed to the Hostyn Catholic Church, a local parish which Julia supported. The state conducted archeological investigations and stabilization efforts to preserve the history of the Kreische family in the late 1970s and early 1980s. The complete site opened to the public in 1986, after archaeological studies were completed.
By 1989 TPWD operated the two sites jointly. In 2019, the Texas state legislature transferred Kreische Brewery and Monument Hill State Historic Sites from TPWD to the Texas Historical Commission, the state agency for historic preservation.
Natural history.
The bluff at Monument Hill is the northern limit of the Oakville Escarpment of Miocene era bearing sandstone. This escarpment or "cuesta" marks the boundary between the Upland Post Oak Woodlands and the Fayette Prairie environments. The erosion of this sandstone cap has created pockets of alkaline soil. This alkaline soil is favored by several species of plants and animals normally found in, or even endemic to the Texas Hill Country, 70 miles northwest. These species were transported to Monument Hill by the Colorado River, creating an isolated colony of western species that coexist with eastern woodland and prairie communities.

</doc>
<doc id="6939930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939930" title="Onota, Au Train Township, Michigan">
Onota, Au Train Township, Michigan

Onota was a village in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It was located on the Grand Island Bay of Lake Superior near the present-day community of Christmas about five miles (8 km) west of Munising in Alger County. The site of Onota is within the Bay Furnace Campground and Picnic Area of the Hiawatha National Forest. The remains of Bay Furnace, a blast furnace used for smelting iron, is the only extant remnant of the town. Bay Furnace was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1971.
History.
Onota was originally a Native American fishing site. When Schoolcraft County was set off in 1848, Onota was designated as the first county seat. However, the first recorded settlement at that location dates from 1869, when Bay Furnace, a blast furnace used for smelting iron, was established there. A post office opened May 16, 1870, and was discontinued August 14, 1879, after a fire destroyed the village. The Onota post office was reestablished and transferred on May 18, 1881, to a mining site in Onota Township approximately to the west, before being discontinued on February 29, 1924.
Raw materials and supplies were unloaded from ships and pig iron was loaded onto ships docked at a pier built for that purpose which extended about into Lake Superior. Charcoal made in Onota was also transported to furnaces in and around Marquette. Iron smelting began in the spring of 1870, producing 3,498 tons of pig iron that year. In 1871, the product was 3,597 tons, and 4,900 tons in 1872. In 1872, a second stack was built and began production in December; however, its use was discontinued after one year. By 1874, 52 kilns were running in the timbered land owned by the Bay Furnace Company, and Bay Furnace Stack Number One was producing fifteen tons of pig iron per day.
By the fall of 1876, the Bay Furnace Company was bankrupt, having engaged in disputes with New York financier Samuel J. Tilden, who had financed the New York Iron Mine which provided ore to the mine.
The town was destroyed by fire in 1877, at which time it had a population of about 500, most of whom were somehow involved in supporting the operations of the furnace or the local aspects of Michigan's early iron industry. It was a dry season and the woods around Onota had been burning for several days. On May 31, a strong wind from the south drove the flames into the village and ruined it in a matter of hours. The village was not rebuilt and only ruins of the furnace kiln remained, and were later partially reconstructed on the original location. In 1948, the Cleveland-Cliffs Iron Company gave to the U.S. Forest Service for historical and recreational use. Surrounding buildings destroyed by the fire included the casting shed, charging house, machine shop, blacksmith shop, and storage sheds.
Stack Description.
The remnants of the blast furnace are all that remain of Onota. The Bay Furnace Stack Number One is constructed from coursed stone. It was originally 45 feet high, with a closed top, nine-foot boshes, and boilers located at the top. Stack Number Two was an iron shell on columns with 9-1/2-foot boshes. Two sets of six charcoal kilns were located two miles from the furnace, two miles apart.

</doc>
<doc id="6939943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939943" title="Barbara March">
Barbara March

Barbara March (born Barbara Jean Maczka; October 9, 1953 – August 11, 2019) was a Canadian actress best known for her portrayal of the Star Trek character Lursa, one of the . She appeared as Lursa in ' (" and "), ' ("Past Prologue"), and "Star Trek Generations".
Biography.
Other credits included "Total Security", "L.A. Law", "The Portrait", "", "Blood Ties", "Kingsgate", "Nightheat" and "Deserters" for which she earned a Genie Award nomination for Best Actress.
March attended the University of Windsor, and began acting shortly after graduating. March was an accomplished stage performer and starred at Canada's Stratford Shakespeare Festival and the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis, as well as in both New York and Los Angeles. She received critical acclaim as Isabella in "Measure for Measure", Desdemona in "Othello", Titania in "A Midsummer Night's Dream", the title heroine in "The Duchess of Malfi", Ruth in Harold Pinter's "The Homecoming" and, on many occasions, Lady Macbeth.
March was also a playwright and screenwriter. Her play "The Razing of Charlotte Brontë" is also available in Italian as "Le riflessioni di Charlotte Brontë" and she published a novella, "The Copper People".
March married Alan Scarfe in 1979 and they had a daughter named Antonia (Tosia), born in 1985, who is a musician and composer.
She died of cancer on August 11, 2019, at the age of 65.

</doc>
<doc id="6939944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939944" title="Mark A. Hackel">
Mark A. Hackel



</doc>
<doc id="6939948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939948" title="Monument Hill &amp; Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites">
Monument Hill &amp; Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites



</doc>
<doc id="6939964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939964" title="Monument Hill/Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites">
Monument Hill/Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites



</doc>
<doc id="6939972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939972" title="Monument Hill-Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites">
Monument Hill-Kreische Brewery State Historic Sites



</doc>
<doc id="6939974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939974" title="Naiad (character)">
Naiad (character)

Naiad (Mai Miyazaki) is a character appearing in comics published by DC Comics. She first appeared in "Firestorm" (vol. 2) #90 (October 1989), during the four-issue "Elemental War" storyline, and was created by John Ostrander and Tom Mandrake.
Fictional character biography.
Mai Miyazaki is a Japanese environmentalist who is killed by operatives of the Shogun Oil Company while protesting their oil rig. After resurrecting as a water elemental, Miyazaki seeks revenge on Firestorm because she was killed by fire. She and the air elemental Red Tornado attack humanity in an attempt to save Earth before Firestorm stops them.
In "Brightest Day", Naiad is driven insane by Alan Scott's Starheart and attempts to destroy Gotham City before Batman and Supergirl stop her.
In "Doomsday Clock", Naiad joins Japan's sanctioned superhero team, Big Monster Action.
Powers and abilities.
Naiad is Earth's current Water Elemental. As such, she can control water in her immediate vicinity and manifest anywhere where there is water.
Other characters named Naiad.
Diana Lyon is a supervillain with water-based abilities and an enemy of Chris King and Vicki Grant.
In other media.
Naiad appears as a character summon in "".

</doc>
<doc id="6939975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939975" title="Ice giants">
Ice giants



</doc>
<doc id="6939976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939976" title="List of municipalities of the province of Frosinone">
List of municipalities of the province of Frosinone

The following is a list of the 91 municipalities ("comuni") of the province of Frosinone, Lazio, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6939979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939979" title="Monument Hill">
Monument Hill

Monument Hill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6939984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939984" title="Philon of Byzantium">
Philon of Byzantium



</doc>
<doc id="6939988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939988" title="Kreische Brewery">
Kreische Brewery



</doc>
<doc id="6939989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939989" title="Vegetable oil (disambiguation)">
Vegetable oil (disambiguation)

Vegetable oils are oily (triglyceride-based) liquids or solids derived from plants, including cooking oils like sunflower oil, solid oils like cocoa butter, oils used in paint like linseed oil, and oils for industrial purposes, including as biofuels. 
The term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6939996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939996" title="Scottish Rifles">
Scottish Rifles



</doc>
<doc id="6939997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939997" title="Filipino's">
Filipino's



</doc>
<doc id="6939998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939998" title="Cartoonist Shankar">
Cartoonist Shankar



</doc>
<doc id="6939999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6939999" title="9/11 Press for Truth">
9/11 Press for Truth



</doc>
<doc id="6940005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940005" title="Kreische Brewery State Historic Site">
Kreische Brewery State Historic Site



</doc>
<doc id="6940010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940010" title="Monument Hill State Historic Site">
Monument Hill State Historic Site



</doc>
<doc id="6940028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940028" title="Sia'osi Taufa'ahau Manumata'ogo Tuku'aho Tupou, Crown Prince of Tonga">
Sia'osi Taufa'ahau Manumata'ogo Tuku'aho Tupou, Crown Prince of Tonga



</doc>
<doc id="6940042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940042" title="Nine Times Bodyweight">
Nine Times Bodyweight



</doc>
<doc id="6940045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940045" title="SCPL">
SCPL



</doc>
<doc id="6940056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940056" title="Interlace scanning">
Interlace scanning



</doc>
<doc id="6940063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940063" title="Catholic Theological Union">
Catholic Theological Union

Catholic Theological Union (CTU) is a Catholic graduate school of theology in Chicago, Illinois, United States. It was formed in Hyde Park as a union of schools from three Catholic religious institutes and has since been sponsored by 24 institutes and Catholic faith communities. It is one of the largest Catholic graduate schools of theology in the English-speaking world, training men and women for both lay and ordained ministry within the Catholic Church.
History.
The Union was founded in 1968, when three religious institutes—the Franciscans, Passionists, and Servites—united their separate theology programs to form one school. The institution has since gained the sponsorship of twenty-three religious communities.
Academics.
CTU is run and staffed by religious and lay men and women. International students constitute nearly one-third of the student body.
The main library of CTU is the Paul Bechtold Library, named after CTU's founding president. Distinctive collections in the library include Catholic religious communities, dialogue across ecumenical and inter-religious lines, and pastoral theology.

</doc>
<doc id="6940072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940072" title="State Route 9 (Virginia)">
State Route 9 (Virginia)



</doc>
<doc id="6940079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940079" title="List of people from Redding, Connecticut">
List of people from Redding, Connecticut

People associated with Redding, Connecticut, listed in the area they are best known:

</doc>
<doc id="6940089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940089" title="Sebastiao Pombal">
Sebastiao Pombal



</doc>
<doc id="6940092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940092" title="La Mort Noir dans Esch/Alzette">
La Mort Noir dans Esch/Alzette



</doc>
<doc id="6940101" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940101" title="The Black Cat (Masters Of Horror)">
The Black Cat (Masters Of Horror)



</doc>
<doc id="6940124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940124" title="Deathclock">
Deathclock



</doc>
<doc id="6940133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940133" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Latina">
List of municipalities of the Province of Latina

The following is a list of the 33 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Latina, Lazio, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6940150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940150" title="Daytime Running Light">
Daytime Running Light



</doc>
<doc id="6940153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940153" title="Bingo Brown">
Bingo Brown



</doc>
<doc id="6940158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940158" title="Alan Moore Bibliography">
Alan Moore Bibliography



</doc>
<doc id="6940161" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940161" title="Karyopherins">
Karyopherins



</doc>
<doc id="6940163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940163" title="Independent candidates in the 1975 Ontario provincial election">
Independent candidates in the 1975 Ontario provincial election

Several independent candidates contested the 1975 Ontario provincial election, none of whom were elected. Information about these candidates may be found here.
Marvin Gordon (Oakwood).
Gordon (born in Toronto March 18, 1930, died January 26, 2013) was a frequent candidate for public office during the 1970s. A 1972 newspaper report lists him as a thirty-four-year-old teacher and lawyer. In the 1974 municipal election, he campaigned for school trustee on the slogans "Cut the high cost of education and reduce your taxes" and "Restore traditional values to the classroom". He later campaigned in favour of lower property taxes and an increased police presence.
He was president of York's Ward One Tenants Association in 1975, and opposed plans to have trucks routed through the area by authorities in Metropolitan Toronto.
Gordon was a member of the Liberal Party during the 1970s, and contested the party's nomination for Oakwood in 1975. After losing to Richard Meagher, he ran as an independent candidate. He later affiliated with the New Democratic Party, and campaigned with the endorsement of that party and the Ontario Secondary School Teachers Federation in the 1985 municipal election. He opposed the extension of separate school funding, and wanted an increased emphasis on basic learning.
He received 558 votes (2.96%) in the 1975 election, finishing fourth against New Democratic Party candidate Tony Grande.

</doc>
<doc id="6940166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940166" title="National Council of Welfare">
National Council of Welfare

The National Council of Welfare (NCW) was a Canadian arm's length advisory body to the federal Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development on poverty and the realities of low-income Canadians.
Its legal mandate was to "advise the Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development in respect of any matter relating to social development that the Minister may refer to the Council for its consideration or that the Council considers appropriate".
The Council consisted of members drawn from across Canada and appointed by the Governor-in-Council. All members served in their personal capacities rather than as representatives of organizations or agencies.
The Council published reports and communicated with the Minister on a wide range of issues involving poverty and public policy. It also presented submissions to Parliamentary Committees and Royal Commissions and participated in a range of government and non-government workshops and events on poverty-related issues.
It released regular publications about the level and adequacy of welfare incomes in Canada and statistical profiles of poverty in Canada.
The Council also published special topic reports, for example, 'The Dollars &amp; Sense of Solving Poverty'. Over the years, subjects included:
The National Council of Welfare was first established in legislation in 1962 ["Chapter 16, Statutes of Canada 1962-63 amending the Department of Health and Welfare"]. The members consisted of the Deputy Minister of Welfare and the Deputy Ministers of Provincial Departments of Welfare, among others. It was intended that the Council act in an advisory capacity to the Minister of Health and Welfare on matters relating to welfare.
The Council was completely reconstituted in 1969 under the "Government Organization Act". Official federal and provincial government appointees were excluded and representation was changed to include persons from non-government sources with experience in fields such as labour, teaching and welfare, as well as persons in receipt of one form or other of welfare benefits.
In a press release [January 19, 1970] announcing the establishment of the new National Council of Welfare, the Minister of Health and Welfare, John Munro, stated that:
There has been a great deal of talk about the need to create opportunities for the poor to participate in the development of programs aimed at combating poverty … I believe that this Council can make an important contribution to achieving that end.
One of the early activities of the Council was to develop a proposal for the first national conference of representatives of organizations of the poor. The Poor People’s Conference was held in Toronto in January 1971. At the conference, over 500 delegates representing more than 250 anti-poverty groups passed resolutions aimed at fighting poverty in Canada. One of the resolutions was to form a national organization. This led to the creation of the National Anti-Poverty Organization later that year (now called Canada Without Poverty).
Following this stance, the Council advocated in 1976 for the implementation of the guaranteed annual income in Canada.
When the Department of Health and Welfare was split in 1993, the Council moved with the welfare/income security side of the department to advise the Minister of the newly formed Human Resources Development Canada (HRDC) ["Bill C-11, an Act to establish the Department of Human Resources Development"]. When HRDC was reorganized in 2003, the Council became an advisory group to the Minister of Social Development ["Bill C-22, an Act to establish the Department of Social Development"]. Currently, the Council advises the Minister of Human Resources and Skills Development Canada HRSDC, a department that was formed in 2006 by merging the two departments of Social Development Canada and Human Resources and Skills Development Canada.
In 2012, the Canadian government under Prime Minister Stephen Harper cut the entire budget of the National Council of Welfare, effectively closing the Council.

</doc>
<doc id="6940167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940167" title="Ralph Cotton">
Ralph Cotton

Ralph W. Cotton was an American author working in the western genre. He was born March 16, 1945 near Caneyville, Kentucky. He died on February 14, 2024, in New Albany, Indiana.
Cotton's debut novel, "While Angels Dance: The Life and Times of Jeston Nash", was published on June 1, 1994, by St. Martin's Press. He subsequently published over 80 novels, including three under Ralph Compton's byline after Compton's death.

</doc>
<doc id="6940173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940173" title="DASH (weapon)">
DASH (weapon)



</doc>
<doc id="6940185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940185" title="Yard cricket">
Yard cricket



</doc>
<doc id="6940193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940193" title="Abraham kidane">
Abraham kidane



</doc>
<doc id="6940201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940201" title="List of municipalities of the Province of Rieti">
List of municipalities of the Province of Rieti

The following is a list of the 73 municipalities ("comuni") of the Province of Rieti, Lazio, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="6940219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940219" title="Interior Lowlands">
Interior Lowlands

Interior Lowlands is a description of a large region of mainly flat land and may refer to:
° Located in North America

</doc>
<doc id="6940254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940254" title="Diablo Cody">
Diablo Cody

Brook Maurio (previously Busey-Hunt; "née" Busey; born June 14, 1978), known professionally by the pen name Diablo Cody, is an American writer and producer. She gained recognition for her candid blog and subsequent memoir, "Candy Girl: A Year in the Life of an Unlikely Stripper" (2005). Cody received critical acclaim for her screenwriting debut film, "Juno" (2007), winning both the Academy Award and the BAFTA Award for Best Original Screenplay. 
She wrote, produced, and made her directorial debut with the comedy drama film "Paradise" (2013). Cody has also written and produced the films "Jennifer's Body" (2009), "Young Adult" (2011), "Ricki and the Flash" (2015), "Tully" (2018), and "Lisa Frankenstein" (2024). 
Cody created, wrote, and produced the Showtime comedy drama series "United States of Tara" (2009–2011), and the Amazon Prime series "One Mississippi" (2015–2017). She made her Broadway debut with the Alanis Morissette musical "Jagged Little Pill" winning the Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical. She has been a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences in the Writer's Branch since 2008.
Early life.
Diablo Cody was born Brook Busey on June 14, 1978, in Lemont, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, where she and her older brother Marc were raised. She is the daughter of Pam and Greg Busey. Her mother is of Italian descent and her father is of German ancestry. Cody was raised Apostolic Christian and attended Saints Cyril &amp; Methodius School and Benet Academy, Roman Catholic schools in the Chicago suburbs. At this time, she went by her birth name Brook.
In 2000, she graduated from the University of Iowa with a Bachelor of Arts in Media. While at the University of Iowa, she worked in the acquisitions department in the main university library. Her first jobs were doing secretarial work at a Chicago law firm and later proofreading copy for advertisements that played on Twin Cities radio stations.
Career.
2001–2004: Blogging and stripping.
Cody began a parody blog called "Red Secretary", detailing the (fictional) exploits of a secretary living in Belarus. The events were thinly veiled allegories for events that happened in Cody's real life, but told from the perspective of a disgruntled, English-idiom-challenged Eastern Bloc girl.
Cody's first "bona fide" blog appeared under the nickname "Darling Girl" after she had moved from Chicago to Minneapolis.
In March 2003, Cody started an adult blog called "The Pussy Ranch", using a pen name invented while speeding through Cody, Wyoming listening to the song "El Diablo" by Arcadia. On a whim, Cody signed up for amateur night at a Minneapolis strip club called the Skyway Lounge. Having enjoyed the experience, and seeing reader interest, she eventually quit her day job to become a full-time stripper. Cody also spent time working peep shows at Sex World, a Minneapolis adult novelty and DVD store.
While still stripping, Cody began writing for "City Pages", an alternative Twin Cities weekly newspaper. She left "City Pages" just before it changed editorial hands, and has since written for the now-defunct "Jane" magazine. In December 2007, Cody began writing a column for the magazine "Entertainment Weekly".
2005–2010: Breakthrough and acclaim.
At the age of 27, Cody wrote her memoir "Candy Girl: A Year in the Life of an Unlikely Stripper". The memoir began after Mason Novick, who would soon become Cody's manager, showed interest in her sharp and sarcastic voice. Based on the popularity of her blog, Novick was able to secure her a publishing contract with Gotham Books.
After the completion of her book, Cody was encouraged by Novick to try writing a screenplay. Within months she wrote "Juno," a coming-of-age story about a teenager's unplanned pregnancy. The script was completed in February 2005, and was optioned by a producer by that summer. The Jason Reitman-directed comedy stars Elliot Page, who at the time was known as Ellen Page, and Michael Cera.
"Juno" was runner-up for the Toronto International Film Festival People's Choice Award, won second prize at the Rome Film Festival, and earned four Academy Award nominations, including for Best Picture. Cody herself won an Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for her debut script, which also picked up a Golden Globe nomination and an Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay. She also won screenplay honors from BAFTA, the Writers Guild of America, the Broadcast Film Critics Association, the National Board of Review, the Satellite Awards, and the 2008 Cinema for Peace Award for Most Valuable Work of Director, Producer &amp; Screenwriter (shared with Jason Reitman, John Malkovich, Mason Novick, Russel Smith and Lianne Halfon).
The "Juno" script was read by many in Hollywood before the film was released, bringing Cody more opportunities. In July 2007, Showtime announced that it would be producing a pilot of Cody's DreamWorks television series, "United States of Tara". Based on an idea by Steven Spielberg, "Tara" is a comedy about a mother with dissociative identity disorder, starring Toni Collette. The series began filming in Spring 2008, and premiered on January 18, 2009.
In October 2007, Cody sold a script titled "Girly Style" to Universal Studios, and a horror script called "Jennifer's Body" to Fox Atomic. Released on September 18, 2009, "Jennifer's Body" starred Megan Fox as the title character and Amanda Seyfried as the supporting character. She revised writer-director Steven Antin's script for his musical film "Burlesque".
Cody made a small cameo appearance as herself in a 2008 episode of the television series "90210". She appeared in the same episode that marked the return of Tori Spelling as Donna Martin, in which Cody needed Spelling's character to make a dress for a red carpet event. In 2009, Cody signed on to script and produce a film adaptation of the "Sweet Valley High" young adult book series.
2011–present: Career expansion.
In 2011, she was brought in to revise first-time feature director Fede Alvarez's script for the remake of Sam Raimi's 1980s horror film "The Evil Dead". In October 2011, Cody began hosting an online celebrity interview program called "Red Band Trailer," on the broadband channel, L-studio. She originally launched the series privately on YouTube in summer 2010, and the Lexus channel picked it up the following year.
In 2011, Cody wrote and produced the comedy-drama film "Young Adult". Cody was nominated by awards associations such as the Broadcast Film Critics Association and the Writers Guild of America. With Jason Reitman, Charlize Theron and Patton Oswalt, she shared the Chairman's Vanguard Award at the Palm Springs International Film Festival. In 2012, the Fempire, the collaboration of writers Cody, Dana Fox, Liz Meriwether, and Lorene Scafaria received the Creativity and Sisterhood Award from the Athena Film Festival for their support for one another in the competitive film industry.
On the "WTF with Marc Maron" podcast, on February 24, 2012, she said her next project would be directing her first film, which is about a young woman who abandons religion after surviving a plane crash. In February 2013, she announced that the film was called "Paradise" (firstly known as "Lamb of God"). Julianne Hough, Holly Hunter, Octavia Spencer, and Russell Brand starred in the cast. Mandate Pictures produced the film, which was released in October 2013.
In May 2013, it was announced that Cody would host her own talk show, "Me Time with Diablo Cody", on TBS. The program would tailor "around Diablo’s unique perspective on all things pop culture and told in her very own tongue-in-cheek way," and "reveal a side of Hollywood and celebs that the public very rarely gets to see." Steve Agee was to be presenting and writing with her. Cody was a producer, alongside Mark Cronin and Courtland Cox. The series never materialized or made it to air.
Cody had numerous projects that were cancelled or stuck in development hell, including "Time and a Half", which was to star Julianne Hough with Ol Parker directing. She also developed a teen drama series with Josh Schwartz for Fox called "Prodigy". According to "The Hollywood Reporter", it focused on "a 16-year-old genius who through home schooling has been isolated from her peers. Hoping to experience a "normal" teen social life before she enters the adult world of academia, she enrolls in her local high school. Her experiment goes off the rails when she finds herself adopted by a wild crowd, getting caught up in a whirlwind of romance and crime." Cody also created and wrote Warner Bros. Television's romantic comedy series pilot "Alex+Amy".
Cody is the spokesperson of Barnard College's Athena Film Festival.
In 2015, Cody was hired to write a new screenplay for "Barbie" with Amy Schumer eyed as the lead, but left the project in 2018 after struggling to produce a draft that she was proud of.
Cody wrote and produced the musical comedy film "Ricki and the Flash" (2015), starring Meryl Streep and directed by Jonathan Demme in his last feature film. She also wrote and produced the comedy drama film "Tully" (2018), reuniting her with "Young Adult" star Charlize Theron. The film was directed by Jason Reitman, who previously directed Cody's scripts for "Juno" and "Young Adult".
She wrote the script for the Broadway musical "Jagged Little Pill", based on the Alanis Morissette album of the same name. The musical premiered in November 2019.
In August 2020, Cody began working with Madonna on a screenplay of the singer's life. However, she later stepped away from the project in May 2022 after turning in a final draft, with the project also later being scrapped in January 2023.
In June of 2022, it was announced that Zelda Williams would be making her directorial debut for an adaptation of Cody’s original screenplay "Lisa Frankenstein", which Cody produced alongside Mason Novick. The film released in February of 2024 with mixed reviews, though still developing a small cult following.
Personal life.
In her memoir, Cody wrote fondly of her boyfriend "Jonny" (Jon Hunt). They were married from 2004 until 2007, during which time she was known in personal life as Brook Busey-Hunt. In 2009, she married Dan Maurio, who worked on "Chelsea Lately", on which Cody also appeared frequently as a "roundtable" guest. They have three sons, born in 2010, 2012 and 2015.
Cody is a friend of screenwriters Dana Fox ("What Happens in Vegas", "Couples Retreat") and Lorene Scafaria ("Hustlers"), and they often write their screenplays together in order to get advice from one another.
In light of Georgia's 2019 anti-abortion law, Cody stated that she "would not have written "Juno" in today's reality", as critics have perceived it as an anti-abortion film.
Cody is a lifelong roller-coaster enthusiast and has a tattoo of the Giant Dipper at San Diego’s Belmont Park on her right arm.
Filmography.
Television.
Acting roles

</doc>
<doc id="6940256" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940256" title="List of Venture Bros Episodes">
List of Venture Bros Episodes



</doc>
<doc id="6940275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940275" title="Matías Donnet">
Matías Donnet

Matías Donnet (born 18 April 1980 in Esperanza, Santa Fe) is an Argentine football manager and former player who played as an attacking midfielder.
Club career.
With Boca Juniors he won the Intercontinental Cup 2003, the Copa Libertadores de América 2003, and the Copa Sudamericana 2004 . At the match for the Intercontinental Cup, Donnet scored the equalizer that took the match to penalty shootout, won by Boca 3–1, and was named "Man of the Match".
In 2006, he signed with D.C. United of Major League Soccer in the USA. He scored his first and only goal in the MLS on September 26, 2006, against New York Red Bulls. The goal was scored in the 89th minute and turned out to have been the game winner when Red Bull's Jozy Altidore scored to make the score 4–3 United.
Donnet left D.C. United after the 2006 season and returned to Argentina with Belgrano de Córdoba. Between 2007 and 2009 he played for Newell's Old Boys before returning to his first club Unión de Santa Fe. In summer 2014, Donnet signed with Antigua GFC of the Guatemalan Liga Mayor for one year. He is currently one of their top players in the clausura 2015 season.
In April 2016, Donnet returned to his childhood club Juventud. He decided to rest in 2018, but in February 2019 it was confirmed, that he would take one more year at the club. He retired at the club in July 2024.
Coaching career.
Between 2019 and 2023, Donnet worked as a youth coach at Boca Juniors.
Honours.
Boca Juniors
D.C. United
Juventud de Esperanza
Olimpia

</doc>
<doc id="6940284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940284" title="Akodon nigrita">
Akodon nigrita



</doc>
<doc id="6940295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940295" title="Shan-shan festival">
Shan-shan festival

The Bon-odori, a Japanese dance which is part of the Obon Festival, is widely enjoyed by the people in Tottori during the summer. There are various bon-dances throughout Japan, and the dances in Tottori can be categorized as Kasa-odori (a dance with a paper umbrellas) and te-odori (hand dance).
Tottori City's Shan Shan Festival (Kasa-odori).
The Kasa-odori is very popular in the eastern part of Tottori Prefecture. According to a legend in Kokufu, in the Edo period (1603–1867) during a drought, an old man named Gorosaku danced with an umbrella for the village god praying for rain. Gorosaku danced with the umbrella until he died, and the drought ended. These days, the dance is performed with ornamented paper umbrellas and Japanese swords, which represent the beautiful but gallant local culture of Tottori.

</doc>
<doc id="6940296" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940296" title="T. Thorn Coyle">
T. Thorn Coyle

T. Thorn Coyle (born September 24, 1965) is a Neopagan author and teacher, dancer, singer/composer, and activist from the United States. They practiced within the Feri and Reclaiming traditions of witchcraft before developing their own approach integrating other spiritual practices. Their writings include urban fantasy and instruction on magical spiritual practice.
Career.
Coyle taught witchcraft in both Feri and Reclaiming traditions. Around 2009, citing the desire to integrate other mystical perspectives and their own experience, Coyle separated their work from the Feri tradition. They founded the Morningstar Mystery School to continue their teaching.
Coyle has published several books on magic and spiritual practice that detail meditations and exercises for personal growth and empowerment. Their first book, "Evolutionary Witchcraft", serves as a "magical workbook" for the Feri tradition and reflects practices they developed including "devotional dances." It also reflects the influences of Sufism, Gurdjieff, and radical Catholicism on their approach to magic. Their later books on spiritual practice include instruction on using magic to support the "Great Work" of union with the divine.
Coyle presented at the Parliament of the World's Religions in 2009 and 2015.
In 2015, they began focusing on writing fiction. Most of their novels, including the series "The Panther Chronicles" and "The Witches of Portland", are fantasy with themes of magic and social justice. They have also contributed to magazines, blogs, and published collections.
Coyle is also known as a singer and composer of pagan chants who has made several recordings, including two collections of seasonal chants in collaboration with Sharon Knight.
Biography.
Formerly known as Theresa Dutton, T. Thorn Coyle was born in Whittier, California, and reared in the Catholic faith. They first learned of Paganism at age 13, and had their first training as a witch at 16. They moved to San Francisco at age 18. They studied the Feri tradition of witchcraft with Cora and Victor Anderson, and were initiated in Feri and Reclaiming. They cite the punk and anarchist movements as important early influences. Coyle studied dance and was part of the early spread of American Tribal Belly Dance. They have studied Gurdjieff and Sufism, including several years with the Mevlevi Whirling Dervishes. They earned a B.A. in philosophy and religion from San Francisco State University in 2003, and were initiated into Phi Beta Kappa. Coyle moved to Portland, Oregon in 2016.
Coyle is a life-long activist for social justice issues, and sees their writing, magical practice, and activism as interrelated. They have demonstrated for causes such as anarchism and anti-racism.
Coyle is non-binary, noting that while they have long felt to be no particular gender, they have often been perceived as a woman.
Tattoos.
Thorn Coyle has many tattoos, and wrote this of them in 1997: "Tattoos are spiritual markers for me. When I started getting them ten years ago, it came from a need to have rites of passage that included spiritual reminders and physical markers. All my tattoos have a spiritual meaning to me, and layers of meaning that shift over time." Some of Coyle's tattoos were photographed by Charles Gatewood.
Works.
Non-fiction.
"Evolutionary Witchcraft". Tarcher/Penguin, 2004.
"Kissing the Limitless: Deep Magic and the Great Work of Transforming Yourself and the World". Weiser, 2009.
"Crafting a Daily Practice: A Simple Course on Self-commitment". Sunna Press, 2012; 2nd edition, 2017.
"Make Magic of Your Life: Passion, Purpose, and the Power of Desire". Weiser, 2013.
"Sigil Magic: For Writers, Artists, and Other Creatives". Sunna Press, 2015.
Fiction.
"Like Water", PF Publishing, 2015.
"Alighting on his Shoulders: Ten Tales from the Sideways Worlds", PF Publishing, 2015.
"Break Apart the Stone: Ten Tales from the Sideways Worlds", PF Publishing, 2017.
"To Raise a Clenched Fist to the Sky" (The Panther Chronicles #1). PF Publishing, 2017.
"To Wrest our Bodies from the Fire" (The Panther Chronicles #2). PF Publishing, 2017.
"To Drown this Fury in the Sea" (The Panther Chronicles #3). PF Publishing, 2017.
"To Stand with Power on this Ground" (The Panther Chronicles #4). PF Publishing, 2017.
"By Earth" (The Witches of Portland #1). PF Publishing, 2018.
"By Flame" (The Witches of Portland #2). PF Publishing, 2018.
"By Wind" (The Witches of Portland #3). PF Publishing, 2018.
"By Sea" (The Witches of Portland #4). PF Publishing, 2018.
"By Moon" (The Witches of Portland #5). PF Publishing, 2018.
"By Sun" (The Witches of Portland #6). PF Publishing, 2018.
"By Dusk" (The Witches of Portland #7). Kindle edition, 2019.
"By Dark" (The Witches of Portland #8). Kindle edition, 2019.
"By Witch's Mark" (The Witches of Portland #9). Kindle edition, 2019.
"We Seek No Kings" (The Steel Clan Saga #1). PF Publishing, 2020.
"We Heed No Laws" (The Steel Clan Saga #2). PF Publishing, 2021.
Audio recordings.
"Face of a New Day", 1998.
"Give Us a Kiss", 2000.
"Songs for the Waning Year" (with Sharon Knight), Trance Jam Records, 2009.
"Songs for the Strengthening Sun" (with Sharon Knight), Trance Jam Records, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="6940297" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940297" title="Interior routing protocol">
Interior routing protocol



</doc>
<doc id="6940299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940299" title="Virgin and child">
Virgin and child



</doc>
<doc id="6940305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940305" title="Missouri and Kansas Interurban Railway">
Missouri and Kansas Interurban Railway

The Missouri and Kansas Interurban Railway was an interurban line running from Kansas City, Missouri through downtown Overland Park to Olathe in Kansas. It ran from 1906 until July 9, 1940 and was the last of the interurban trolley lines in the Kansas City metropolitan area. It was called the "Strang Line" for Johnson County developer William B. Strang Jr.
History.
Conception.
William Strang was an established land and railroad developer when he first envisioned the idea of an interurban streetcar line connecting downtown Kansas City to Johnson County as early as 1903, while visiting his mother in Kansas City. Strang bought 600 acres of rural land in 1905, founding and developing the suburb of Overland Park. Using the right-of-way of the old Santa Fe Trail, Strang built the Missouri and Kansas Interurban Railway as a means to attract new people to his community.
Operation.
The railway opened in 1906, running between Kansas City and Overland Park. In 1908, the line was expanded southwest to serve Lenexa and Olathe. The line used combination diesel and electric trolley cars, which were housed and maintained in the Strang Carbarn. The expenses of the still-new diesel-electric technology compelled Strang to install overhead wires to power the cars, with power generated from the Carbarn.
The first decade of the railway's operation coincided with the peak of Interurban railways' popularity as a mode of transit. The Strang Line was one of numerous Streetcar and Interurban lines in the Kansas City area, serving thousands daily. Before the automobile became widely available, the public relied on Interurbans as a cheap and convenient way to travel long distance. Though not very profitable on its own, the price of Strang's speculative properties skyrocketed as a result of his railway, and the railway attracted prospective homebuyers to Overland Park where they could enjoy a suburban lifestyle as well as the economic benefits of Kansas City.
As early as 1916, the Strang Line began to struggle to compete with a rising preference for buses and cars as means of shipping and transit. William Strang died in 1921, and longtime right-hand man Thomas "Cap" Riley succeeded Strang as president of the railway. In the winter of 1925, the roof and interior of the Carbarn in Overland Park were destroyed in a fire and had to be rebuilt. The economic hardship of the Great Depression had an adverse affect on the Strang Line's ridership. In 1932, Riley announced a fare reduction to 65 cents. At the same time, all employees took a 25% pay cut, and all officers took 30% pay cut. The railway struggled through the 1930s, and by November 1937, the opening of 50 Highway and K-10 allowed cars to travel the length of the Strang Line in half the time.
Like other streetcars and interurbans of the time, the lack of modern construction, safety, and signaling standards meant that Strang Line vehicles often collided with other streetcars, automobiles, livestock, and people. Robberies and fires were also not uncommon. On May 17, 1939, a short circuit caused a Strang Line car to notably burst into flames in downtown Kansas City.
Closure.
The Missouri and Kansas Interurban Railway declared bankruptcy in 1940. By its closure on July 9th, 1940, the Strang Line was the last remaining Interurban in Kansas City. The line's closure attracted significant public attention, as passengers went as far as to make off with the streetcar's seat cushions as souvenirs. The line's final intended round-trip departed downtown with 82 passengers in a 55-seat vehicle, and needed to be boarded by police within the first ten blocks telling the riotous passengers to calm down. Riders had damaged the car so much by the time the line arrived to its southwestern end in Olathe that Thomas Riley canceled the return trip to downtown.
Urban rail transit returned to Kansas City in 2016 with the opening of the KC Streetcar. Part of its route, on Main Street between 9th Street and Pershing Road, are shared with the old route of the Strang Line.
Historical Preservation.
After the closure of the Strang Line, all of its rails and most of its infrastructure were abandoned and torn down. The Strang Carbarn in Overland Park still exists at 79th Street and Santa Fe Drive, currently the home of Traditions Furniture in Downtown Overland Park. The former Strang Line depot at 80th Street and Santa Fe Drive was purchased by the Overland Park Historical Society in 2019 and still stands today. A small waiting station, originally situated near the intersection of 53rd Street and Lamar Avenue, was moved to a Lenexa farm after the line's closure and was eventually donated to the Lenexa Historical Society. The station can be found at the Society's complex today.
Route.
The northern terminus of the Strang Line was at the intersection of 9th and Main Streets in Downtown Kansas City. The northern section of the line was street-running and traveled through urban areas of Kansas City. At 39th Street, the route turned west and crossed the state line, arriving in Rosedale, Kansas. South of Rosedale the line followed the Santa Fe Trail, serving Milburn Country Club, Downtown Overland Park, and an airfield also built by William Strang. Southwest of Overland Park the line served Lenexa before arriving at its southern terminus in Downtown Olathe.
Impact on Overland Park.
William Strang is regarded as the founder of Overland Park. Strang envisioned a park-like community along the Overland Trail, above the floodplain of the Kansas and Missouri Rivers. Strang created Overland Park as an early Suburban community, free from Kansas City's hustle, noise, crowded and rising population, and frequent flooding. Overland Park was made to cater to the middle class, with more modest homes as opposed to suburbs developed by Strang's contemporaries like J. C. Nichols for wealthier homeowners. The Strang Line allowed people the opportunity to work and shop in Kansas City while living in the quieter and more open Overland Park, while also shipping freight between cities. Strang also provided urban amenities like gas, electricity, and indoor plumbing to Overland Park. The Strang Carbarn became a major driver of employment in Overland Park's early years, and the Strang Line Depot became the heart of Overland Park's downtown. The Strang Line and Strang's other visionary ideas were a driving factor behind Overland Park's unprecedented growth. Today, Overland Park is the second-largest city in the state of Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="6940311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940311" title="Interhalogen compounds">
Interhalogen compounds



</doc>
<doc id="6940315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940315" title="Caparao Hocicudo">
Caparao Hocicudo



</doc>
<doc id="6940318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940318" title="Pascale Montpetit">
Pascale Montpetit

Pascale Montpetit (born 28 July 1960) is a French Canadian actress. In 1990 she won a Best Actress Genie Award for Darrell Wasyk's "H". In 2002 she had a Genie Award for best actress in a supporting role for Mario Azzopardi's "Savage Messiah".
She has also won two Gémeaux Awards, one Jutra Award and a Mons International Festival of Love Films Award.

</doc>
<doc id="6940322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940322" title="Amazon Hocicudo">
Amazon Hocicudo



</doc>
<doc id="6940326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940326" title="Candles in the Rain">
Candles in the Rain

Candles in the Rain is singer Melanie's third album. Released in 1970, the album produced Melanie's first Top Ten single in North America, "Lay Down (Candles in the Rain)", which was inspired by the crowd's reaction to her performance at Woodstock. The cover of the Rolling Stones' 1967 song "Ruby Tuesday" reached the Top Ten in the United Kingdom.
Reception.
In their review of the album, "Billboard Magazine" stated that "Melanie's song creations and vocal interpretations are widely popular in Europe, and with this LP her success in the U.S. should be assured. "Lay Down (Candles In the Rain)," with the Edwin Hawkins Singers, is her current single and the most exciting cut; other outstanding originals include "Leftover Wine" and "Citiest
People." Her versions of "Ruby Tuesday" and "Carolina in My Mind" are definitive."
"Cashbox" noted that the album "offers her strongest bid to date for album success with this beautifully poetic LP...Melanie should find herself on the charts with this excellent record."
"Allmusic" stated that "this was where she seemed to truly hit the mark for the first time...If "Candles in the Rain" was the album that broke Melanie to a larger audience, it did so not just because it featured her biggest hit single to date, but because it matched material and interpretation with greater skill than she had in the past, and it ranks with her finest work."
Track listing.
All songs were written by Melanie Safka, unless stated otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="6940330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940330" title="Alejandro Lopez de Haro">
Alejandro Lopez de Haro



</doc>
<doc id="6940333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940333" title="Walter Emmanuel Jones">
Walter Emmanuel Jones



</doc>
<doc id="6940337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940337" title="Bushey, Hertfordshire">
Bushey, Hertfordshire



</doc>
<doc id="6940342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940342" title="Bear Creek High School (California)">
Bear Creek High School (California)

Bear Creek High School is a high school located in north Stockton, California. It is part of Lodi Unified School District (Lodi USD). Current enrollment is roughly 1,800 students. Before Ronald E. McNair High School opened in 2006, Bear Creek was the newest high school in Lodi USD. Current enrollment is approximately 2,300 students. Opportunities for BCHS students includes levels of most core classes, a large variety of electives, AP classes, and a host of extracurricular activities. The Bear Creek High four-year graduation rate exceeds 84%. BCHS continues to prepare Bruin learners for the 21st century by linking the traditions of the past with the challenges of the future.
The mission of BCHS is that students graduate empowered with the academic and personal skills they need to take responsibility for their college and career ambitions and to mature into productive members of the community.
History.
Bear Creek High School opened as the third Lodi Unified School District high school in the fall of 1991 to serve the many Lodi USD high school students who reside in north Stockton. Beginning with just freshmen and sophomore classes, Bear Creek is now a large comprehensive high school with an estimated 2024-2025 student population of near 1,950. The student population from its primarily residential attendance area reflects the diversity of the community ethnically, culturally, and economically. 
The staff and students value this diversity and believe that it enriches the teaching and learning experience for all. The school's philosophy emphasizes the ability of all student to learn in what is primarily a heterogeneous environment. High standards are held for all, while multiple support services and programs have been developed over the years to ensure the ability of all students to meet those standards. The over 100 certificated staff members are highly committed to the school and to its students, as are our 75 excellent support staff personnel.
Controversies.
"The Record" reported in January 2005 that some black students had been arrested for assaulting white students, in incidents near the school gym and in the boys' restroom- which produced some discontent among parents, although there was no evidence the attacks were racially motivated. The report also described gang activity, gambling, and drugs as common on campus.
In the 2010–11 school year, then-principal Daryl Camp caused controversy by requesting review and restriction of school newspaper "The Bruin Voice" before it was published monthly, a violation of California Education Code 48907. Despite the "Voice" having no previous reprimands from administration and winning statewide awards, Camp stated that he wanted to make sure the school is free of libel. Camp was replaced by Jesse M. Bethel High School principal Shirley McNichols after the school year.
Native American totem cut down. Around 2005-6 land built on native burial ground.
Only around 10% of students attended classes on September 19, 2014, after principal Bill Atterberry emailed parents alerting of a possible terrorist threat. Atterberry wrote in his September 18 email: "This afternoon, we received a call from an upset parent who said that he was 'coming down tomorrow and it’s going to be like a Columbine situation.'" The parent, Orlando Johnson, clarified that he wanted to know why his 14-year-old son had missed 30 days of school and told "The Record" that his exact question to school staff was: "Would you want the school to be like a Columbine, I get a phone call that my kid is dead?"
In November 2017, a widely circulated cell phone video showed a Bear Creek biology teacher asking a student to leave class for being disruptive, attempting to take the student by the arm, and finally dragging the student by his backpack out of the classroom. The student's father began to seek legal recourse.
In May 2019, a video showed a brawl between students and police; amidst the brawl, a trash can was seen thrown at the police. The police officer was trying to arrest a student.
Athletics.
Bear Creek High School was well known for their National Champion Cheerleading squads from 1997 - 2001. They were coached by John Hebert, Lisa Deeter (Science teacher) and Gigi Mandujan.
In the early years of Bear Creek, the men's track and field teams were strong. They were coached by Greg Wright (History teacher) who now coaches at Lodi High School in Lodi, California. In 1994 and 1995, the Bruins battled Sonora High School for the top spot in the Valley Oak League, winning the school's first league championship in 1995. Bear Creek won the San Joaquin Athletic Association track and field league championship over Stagg High School in 1997. They had a 7'1" high jumper Darryl Feilbach and a 16'7" pole vaulter David Gritz. Feilbach tied the 1st place jump at the California State meet and Gritz took 1st alone, just missing on the CIF state meet record of 17'1". There were also some stand outs in the 98 and 99 season, but not to the extent of Feilbach and Gritz. Feilbach and Gritz both went on to compete in the national championships in 1997.
In 2007, the girls varsity track team ranked 2nd in the state for their 400 x 400; in the 2007-2008 be the boys Cross-Country team took second place in league.
The swimming and water polo teams practiced each day at McNair High School, however in May 2007, groundbreaking began for several new additions to the school, including a new pool. Additionally a second gym and a theater arts center, which were opened for partial use in fall 2008.
Men's Varsity Tennis also achieved being #1 in their league in both 05-06 and 06-07 seasons.
Other sports offered at Bear Creek include baseball, water polo, football, badminton, cross country, track and field, basketball, tennis, golf, girls volleyball, soccer, wrestling, and girls softball.
In recent years, the Freshman football team has consistently failed to make grades by the end of first quarter, causing them to cancel the rest of the season.
Administrator of the Year.
Rinaldo Shackelford (2020–present)
Dennis To (2013 - 2022)

</doc>
<doc id="6940348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940348" title="Bushey, Hertsmere, Hertfordshire">
Bushey, Hertsmere, Hertfordshire



</doc>
<doc id="6940359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940359" title="USS Rowan (DD-782)">
USS Rowan (DD-782)

USS "Rowan" (DD-782) was a of the United States Navy, the fourth Navy ship named for Vice Admiral Stephen C. Rowan (1805–1890).
Construction and career.
"Rowan" was laid down on 25 March 1944 by Todd Pacific Shipyards, Inc., Seattle, Washington; launched 29 December 1944; sponsored by Mrs. David S. Folsom, great-grandniece of Vice Admiral Rowan; and commissioned on 31 March 1945.
Service in the United States Navy.
After completing shakedown off southern California, "Rowan" returned to Puget Sound. On 20 July she departed Seattle for Hawaii, whence she continued on to Okinawa. Arriving after Japan's surrender, she remained in the Ryukyus until 9 September, then moved on to Japan where she supported occupation forces into December. At the end of December, she retraced her route; returned to Okinawa, thence, in late January 1946, continued on to the United States.
Korean War.
Arriving at San Diego on 10 February, "Rowan" was immobilized until February 1947 when she resumed operations along the west coast and in Hawaiian waters. Six months later she deployed to the western Pacific for operations in Japanese, Chinese, and Korean waters. She returned to San Diego on 30 April 1948; conducted local operations into 1949, and deployed again to WestPac from March to November of that year.
On 25 June 1950 the North Korean Army crossed the 38th Parallel into the Republic of Korea (South Korea). Six weeks later "Rowan" sailed for Japan. She arrived at Yokosuka on 19 August, shifted to Sasebo on the 21st, and, on the 25th, commenced operations off Korea.
On 12 September she departed Sasebo for her first support mission for a wartime amphibious landing. On the 15th she arrived off Inchon with Task Force 90 (TF 90); provided support while the 1st and 5th Marines went ashore; then remained in the area until after Allied forces had pushed back across the 38th Parallel. On 3 October she left Inchon to take up duties off the Korean east coast.
In mid-October "Rowan" arrived with the Wonsan attack force. South Korean forces, however, took that city prior to "D-Day", 20 October, and the 1st Marines were landed on the Kalma Peninsula on the 26th. "Rowan" remained in the Wonsan area, into November; then provided gunfire support and served on plane guard duty as U.N. forces pushed to the Yalu River and then retreated. In February 1951 she sailed for home.
Local and Hawaiian training operations occupied the remainder of the year and in early January 1952 "Rowan" again headed for Korea. By 15 February she was back in the Wonsan area. Seven days later, while patrolling the northern sweep area, she took a direct hit from a North Korean shore battery on the portside which damaged a 40 mm gun, her radar, and superstructure. During the ensuing duel, "Rowan" and destroyed three guns and an ammunition dump.
On 22 February 1952, she suffered minor damage after 1 hit from a shore battery at Hungnam, North Korea, no casualties.
During the Siege of Wonsan, On 18 June 1953 the Rowan received damage from Communist Shore Batteries. Forty five rounds of shellfire bracketed her, five striking. One shell, thought to be 155mm, punched a two-foot hole on her starboard side at frame 209, 8 inches above the waterline. Another shell demolished the Mark 34 Radar. Several other holes were visible in her side. Nine crewmen were injured, two seriously.
Into June "Rowan" continued to operate off the embattled peninsula on gunfire support and interdiction missions and as plane guard and escort for the carriers. In late June she steamed south, served on the Taiwan Patrol Force into July then returned briefly to Korea, and at the end of the month sailed for San Diego.
"Rowan" was back in the western Pacific for her third Korean tour by mid-April 1953. Again she operated off Korea through the spring and shifted to Taiwan patrol duty in July. She returned to Korea in August and through September conducted patrols off that coast to maintain the uneasy truce that began in late July. On 2 October she departed Yokosuka for California.
After Korea, "Rowan" remained in active service. Through the 1950s and into the 1960s she rotated between assignments with the 7th Fleet in the western Pacific and operations and exercises with the 1st Fleet off the west coasts of the Americas and in the Hawaiian area. During the early 1960s she also supported scientific experiments: recovering a Nuclear Emulsion Recovery Vehicle (NERV) capsule containing information on the Earth's atmosphere (September 1960); and participating in Operation Dominic, nuclear tests in the Kiritimati Island area (March–July 1962).
On 3 June 1963, "Rowan" departed San Diego for a Fleet Rehabilitation and Modernization (FRAM) I conversion at the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard. She returned to California a year later with improved living spaces, up-to-date communications, and ASROC and DASH weapons systems. Local operations took her into the fall and on 5 January 1965 she resumed her schedule of WestPac deployments, this time to another combat area – Vietnam.
Vietnam War.
Off Vietnam into the summer; she provided gunfire support for units of the Vietnamese Navy Junk Force and Allied ground forces during operations in the Qui Nhon area and served on "Market Time" patrol to interdict the Vietnam communists' coastal, waterborne logistics line. In August she returned to San Diego, but in May 1966 was back off the South Vietnamese coast to support Vietnamese troops in the IV Corps area. Later adding plane guard duty to her activities, she continued Vietnamese operations until August, when she departed for San Diego and more "routine" duties with the 1st Fleet.
In November she served as gunnery and anti-submarine warfare (ASW) Schoolship at San Diego. In December she conducted evaluation tests off California. Most of 1967 was spent preparing for or undergoing overhaul. In the fall she resumed her 7th Fleet deployments in support of ground operations in Vietnam, this time in the IV and II Corps areas and on plane guard duty in Tonkin Gulf. Detached in April 1968, "Rowan" rejoined the 7th Fleet on 6 April 1969, and after operations in the Sea of Japan as part of Operation Formation Star, the "Rowan" again served off Vietnam, returning to San Diego in September for local operations which took her into 1970.
Late in January 1970, she entered the drydock at Hunter's Point Naval Shipyard for overhaul. "Rowan"'s overhaul was completed 15 June and she returned to normal operations off the coast of southern California until 8 September. On that date, she was redeployed to the western Pacific, operating often along the Vietnamese coast.
"Rowan" did not return to the United States until 12 March 1971. Upon arrival in San Diego, she resumed operations off the west coast and continued to be so employed into October. On 20 October 1971, "Rowan" again steamed westward out of San Diego, bound for Yokosuka, Japan, and, ultimately, the coast of Vietnam. This time she departed on an extended deployment, remaining in the western Pacific through 1973.
On 27 August 1972, "Rowan", , and made a night raid into Haiphong Harbor shelling the port area from a distance of . After leaving the harbor two Vietnam People's Navy torpedo boats engaged the ships southeast of Haiphong with one sunk by the "Newport News" and the other set on fire by the "Rowan" and then sunk by a Navy A-7 jet.
The Rowan along with approximately 50 other U.S. Navy ships participated in "Operation Frequent Wind" on 29 and 30 April 1975. 1,373 U.S. citizens and 5,595 Vietnamese and third country nationals were evacuated by military and Air America helicopters to U.S. Navy ships off-shore in an approximately 24-hour period, immediately preceding the fall of Saigon.
Decommissioning.
"Rowan" decommissioned at 32nd St Naval Base in San Diego, California, on 18 December 1975, was struck from the Navy List on 30 January 1976 and was transferred to the Republic of China on 1 June 1977 with the name ROCS "Chao Yang" (DD-16).
On 22 August, she was being towed to her homeport Kaohsiung for commissioning and the cable broke when she was caught in Typhoon Aimee, and stranded on the Pingtung Fangliao coast. It was assessed that it could not be repaired and dismantled on the spot as material for other warships, her sister ship Yue Yang had used 3 of the boiler from "Chao Yang". Before the ship was received, it was suggested to change its name to avoid a homophonic name of Chao Yang, but it was not approved. In addition, the DD-16 hull number was plagued by disasters, and the Navy no longer uses this hull number.
Awards.
"Rowan" earned four battle stars for Korean War service and eleven for Vietnam War service.

</doc>
<doc id="6940365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940365" title="Yavilah McCoy">
Yavilah McCoy

Yavilah McCoy (born November 8, 1972), an African-American Jew, is the founder of Ayecha, a nonprofit organization providing educational resources for Jewish diversity and advocacy for Jews of Color in the United States. She is a teacher, writer, editor, and diversity consultant.
Activism and professional career.
In 2008, after directing Ayecha for eight years, Yavilah assumed the New England directorship of The Curriculum Initiative, (TCI), a non-profit educational consultancy.
In 2009, Yavilah McCoy co-wrote and performed “The Colors of Water,” an original theatrical piece that tells the story of the four generations of her African-American Jewish family, as part of Mayyim Hayyim’s Living Waters International Mikveh Conference in Newton, Massachusetts.
Early life.
McCoy attended school in the Crown Heights, Brooklyn area, and studied at Hebrew University of Jerusalem. McCoy's great-grandmother "took off the shackle of Christianity, so to speak, and took on the religion of Israel,” McCoy said. “All she had to guide her was the Bible, so my great-grandmother developed an appreciation for the ethics and morality found in the stories of the people of Israel, and her songs were the songs of David.” The family moved to Brownsville, Brooklyn and McCoy's grandmother converted to Judaism when she married. Her father converted to Orthodox Judaism in his early 20s. McCoy and five siblings were raised in an Orthodox Jewish home in the East Flatbush and Crown Heights areas of Brooklyn.
Ayecha.
McCoy founded and directed Ayecha for eight years. With offices in New York City and St. Louis, Ayecha provided training and support for Jewish and multiracial families. In 2009, when asked by the Forward how she felt about being a representative for Jews of color, McCoy acknowledged her own accomplishments but also underscored the need for increased visibility and representation, within the media and Jewish leadership, of a spectrum of Jews of color:
I’ve stepped back from being “the one,” because in a way I had become an icon of this work. The idea of associating diversity with a person as opposed to it being a movement within the Jewish community was starting to bother me. So, I made the decision about a year ago to spend more of my time supporting fellow Jewish leaders of color so that when the conversation re-emerged, it would be a conversation along the lines of, maybe, 10 different stories instead of one.
Personal life.
McCoy's husband is also African-American and Jewish. They live in Boston, and have four children.

</doc>
<doc id="6940376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940376" title="Sebastian (Bishop novel)">
Sebastian (Bishop novel)

Sebastian (2006) is the first novel of the "Landscapes of Ephemera" duology written by Anne Bishop and introduces the world Ephemera.
Plot introduction.
The incubus Sebastian is the bastard child of a succubus and the wizard Koltak. Being an incubus has not made his life easy. Forced to flee every city or town he settled in, he has never known a home. Until one day, his cousin, 15-year-old Glorianna Belladonna, creates a landscape where demons can live, called the 'Den of Iniquity'. It is a 'carnal carnival' filled with gambling, drinking, prostitution and demons. Shocked by her actions and her ability to create a landscape, the wizards and Landscapers question her. She simply responds, "Even demons need a home." The wizards attempt to lock her into her own garden, but fail. She is then declared rogue.
Meanwhile, Sebastian, living in the Den of Iniquity and ignorant of the sacrifices his cousin has made for him, begins to tire of the life he lives, finding simply having sex with women no longer interesting. When he first stumbled into the Den when he was a 15-year-old boy, he and his first and foremost friend Teaser, another incubus, prowled around the Den, using their abilities to entertain themselves. This life no longer holds any appeal. He yearns for love - and it appears in the form of Lynnea. She is a catalyst whose "heart wish" (a strong wish deeply embedded within her) delivered her to the Den. Her arrival brings about 'opportunity and change'.

</doc>
<doc id="6940394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940394" title="Douglas-Hamilton">
Douglas-Hamilton

Douglas-Hamilton is the family surname of the Dukes of Hamilton and Earls of Selkirk. 
Anne Hamilton, 3rd Duchess of Hamilton, was the only child of James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Hamilton, who survived him. After the death in 1651 of her uncle, William Hamilton, 2nd Duke of Hamilton, Anne was the duchess in her own right and head of the Clan Hamilton. She married William Douglas, 1st Earl of Selkirk, in 1656. William was a younger son of the Marquess of Douglas. She successfully petitioned King Charles II for her husband to be made the 3rd duke, and the surname at some point became Douglas-Hamilton.
Upon the death of a cousin, the Duke of Douglas, in 1761 without heir, his subsidiary titles and the nominal seniority of the Clan Douglas were devolved onto the 7th Duke of Hamilton. These titles are:
The arms of the head of the house are: Quarterly; 1st and 4th grandquarters, counterquartered (i) and (iv) Gules, three cinquefoils Ermine (for "Hamilton"), (ii) and (iii) Argent, a lymphad Sable, sails furled proper, flagged-Gules (for "The Isles (Arran)"); 2nd and 3rd grandquarters, Argent, a man's heart Gules ensigned with an imperial crown proper, on a chief Azure three stars of the First (for "Douglas").
Following are listed the dukes and duchesses of Hamilton with the compound surname:
Other members of the family include:

</doc>
<doc id="6940412" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940412" title="BBC News Special">
BBC News Special



</doc>
<doc id="6940415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940415" title="Enka İnşaat ve Sanayi A.Ş.">
Enka İnşaat ve Sanayi A.Ş.

Enka İnşaat ve Sanayi A.Ş. (stylized as ENKA) is a Turkish engineering and construction company based in Istanbul. Enka provides construction and engineering services through its subsidiaries in approximately 30 countries across the world. As of 2023, Enka was listed third among the largest construction companies in Turkey. 
History.
Enka was founded in 1957 in Istanbul, Turkey, by 27-year-old Şarık Tara and his brother-in-law, Sadi Gülçelik. Tara and Gülçelik chose Enka as the name of the company from the first syllable of two words, "enişte" and "kayınbirader" meaning "brother-in-law". Gülçelik died in 1980 in a Saudi Arabian airplane crash and Tara became the sole proprietor. Around the same time, Enka began acquiring larger scale projects, increasing their rank as one of the top 250 international contractors.
In 1972, the company established Enka Pazarlama, a sales-focused subsidiary for several earthmoving equipment and construction machinery brands. The following year, Enka founded Cimtas, one of the company's fully owned subsidiaries. The company expanded internationally during the 1970s and 1980s.
Sarik Tara passed the company to his son, Sinan Tara, in 1984. Sarik was 56 years old, and Sinan wanted to preserve Enka's tradition of having young leaders. Sarık Tara's grandson, Mehmet Tara, became CEO at age 29.
The Enka Moscow office opened in 1987. After the breakup of the Soviet Union, Enka delivered goods and services, ultimately building a strong business relationship with Russia. The company collaborated with the Moscow city government in 1995 to build the MosEnka development. In the mid-1990s, Enka built a second investment company, Moskva Krasnye Holmy, building offices, shopping centers, and recreation facilities across Russia.
In 1997, Enka and the Turkish company Migros founded RamEnka in a joint venture, building shopping centers across Russia. Enka acquired all of RamEnka stock when Migros sold their half of the company in 2007. Enka had built 10 shopping malls in Russia by 2000. The company has been regarded as one of the main providers of construction services in the Russian market since the 1990s.
Operations.
Enka is a global engineering and construction company headquartered in Istanbul, Turkey. In addition to engineering and construction, its operations include energy, real estate, trading, and manufacturing. The company has been involved in the construction of power plants, airports, bridges, pipelines, motorways, business towers and shopping centers. Mehmet Tara is president and chairman of the board, as of 2022. As of May 2017, Enka employed 31,237 people. Enka is publicly traded in Borsa, Istanbul (BIST).
Enka has employed approximately 200,000 people in its projects abroad. The company has carried out around 500 projects in more than 30 countries including Albania, Algeria, Cameroon, Kazakhstan, Libya, the Netherlands, Nepal, Oman, Romania, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Sierra Leone, Tajikistan, and Ukraine.
Enka was listed at #270 on "Forbes" "Global 2000: World's Best Employers" in 2017.
Projects.
Enka's earliest projects include the İstinye Highway Bridge and the Babaeski-Kuleli road construction in Istanbul. In the early 1970s, Enka, in a partnership with German company Wayss and Freytag, built the Ortaköy viaducts and the Bosphorus Bridge. Enka continued to expand internationally in the 1980s with the award of the 1981 housing development contract in Al Medinah, Saudi Arabia, in a joint venture with the company Kutlutas.
Throughout the early 1980s, Enka worked on different kinds of projects in the Middle East, such as water treatment facilities and cement plants. During this time, Enka built Turkey's first natural gas power plant, the Trakya Natural Gas Combined Cycle Plant. In 1984, Enka, in collaboration with Toyo, completed the construction of the Iraq-Turkey Crude Oil Pipeline Expansion project.
Enka undertook various construction projects in the late 1980s and the beginning of the 1990s, including the Bekhme Dam in Iraq, the Petrovsky Passage in Russia, and the Ankara-Gerede Motorway, in a partnership with Bechtel. Around this time, Enka was also responsible for the construction of the Russian Federation Government House, known as the "White House".
Enka entered another joint venture with Bechtel in 1993 with the Tengiz Oil Field project in western Kazakhstan. In 1997, Enka and Bechtel were awarded the rights to build and operate the Gebze, Adapazarı, and Izmir gas power plants. Both companies began work on the Bregana-Zagreb-Dubrovnik Motorway in Croatia in 1998. The Gebze and Adapazarı Plants were completed in 2002 and the İzmir Plant, in 2003. All three power plants are still in use, as of 2018. Enka signed a contract in 2001 for work constructing an artificial island for the development of the Kashagan Oil Field, which is the largest oil field discovered in Kazakhstan in the last 30 years.
Enka began construction of the Sakhalin II Onshore Processing Facility Project in Sakhalin Island, Russia, in a collaborative project with Tekhnostroieksport and Bechtel, in 2003. In November of the same year, Enka worked with Tekhnostroieksport on the construction of the Sakhalin I De-Kastri Oil Export Terminal. In 2004, Enka and Bechtel began work on the Transylvanian Motorway in Romania, the biggest infrastructure project in Europe. The project concluded in 2013. The companies also worked together in 2007 to build Albania's first two-bore tunnel in a highway connecting Kosovo and Albania.
Enka finished construction on the Donbas Arena, in Donetsk, Ukraine, in 2009. In April 2010, the Enka-Bechtel partnership was awarded a contract for the construction of the 78 kilometre Route 7 four-lane motorway from Morine to the north of Pristina in Kosovo, and finished a year ahead of schedule in November 2013. In approximately 2011, Enka signed on a joint venture, BEB Consortium, with Bechtel and Jeff Brighton of Bahwan, on the redesign of the Muscat International Airport in Oman. This is one of the largest projects in the history of Oman.
Enka was awarded an engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) contract to convert the Erbil Independent Power Project from simple-cycle to combined-cycle technology and began work in summer 2012. Around the same time, Enka began construction of the third generator unit at the Berezovskaya power plant in Sharypovsky, Russia. The structural design of this project is comparable to the first two generators at the Berezovskaya power plant, but features an upgrade to increase efficiency and reduce nitrogen oxide emissions.
Enka was the lead contractor for the engineering, procurement and construction of the Sulaymaniyah 1,500 MW Combined Cycle Power Plant Project in Iraq that began in 2013.
Enka and Bechtel also worked together to build a 60-kilometer motorway linking Pristina to Skopje, starting in June 2014. The Enka-Bechtel joint venture also signed a contract for the South Caucasus Pipeline Expansion Project in Georgia, in October of the same year. Enka developed Kuntsevo Plaza during 2015–2016. Around the same time, the company started work on the Kashirskaya Shopping Center investment project.
Enka signed on to build the Bismayah power plant in Baghdad, Iraq, supplying approximately 5 million homes with power. In November 2017, four Enka employees were kidnapped in Benghazi while traveling from the airport to the power plant in Ubari, Libya. Employees were met with security issues and work was paused from late January 2018 to the end of February 2018.
Enka collaborated with Siemen's to build the 495 MW power plant for Nizhnekamskneftekhim, a subsidiary of Taif Group, in Tatarstan, Russia, in late 2017. Commercial operation is set to begin May 2021.
In mid-2018, Enka began construction of the quay wall for the Basra Multi-purpose Terminal, the largest multipurpose port facility in Iraq.
Enka in a partnership with Bechtel, signed a contract for the design and construction of Morava Corridor Motorway in Serbia in December 2019. The project with a total length of 112 kilometers will be completed by the end of the 2023.
In late 2019, Enka began work on the High-Technological Multifunctional Medical Complex (HMMC) Project in St. Petersburg, Russia. Construction and design works include a main hospital building, oncology center, diesel generator building, and oxygen station structures. The complex will feature cancer treatment using the Proton therapy to significantly reduce the amount of radiation exposure during treatment.
In September 2021, Enka signed a contract for the execution of all piping systems of the power island at Hinkley Point C Nuclear Power Station being built in Somerset, United Kingdom.
Enka collaborated with Uniper to perform the engineering, procurement, construction and commissioning works of the Dradenau Combined Heat and Power Plant project in Hamburg, Germany in late 2021. The power plant is expected to be operational in December 2024.
In December 2021, Enka was chosen to be general contractor for the construction of the new Yandex HQ building by the 2nd quarter of 2024. The contract is estimated by 500 million euros ex VAT.
Foundation.
The Enka Foundation supports the arts, culture, sports, and education. The Enka Culture and Arts foundation facilities established in 1988 include the Enka Eşref Denizhan Open Air Theater and the Enka Auditorium, both of which host events that are open to the public.
The Sadi Gülçelik Sports Complex was established in 1988 in memory of Sadi Gülçelik.
In 1996, Enka Foundation opened schools in Istanbul. In 1999, the Adapazarı Enka School was established immediately after the Adapazarı earthquake of 1999. The Gebze Technical and Industrial Vocational High School was established in 2008. All students that attend the school have full scholarships paid for by the Enka Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="6940420" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940420" title="Enka Insaat">
Enka Insaat



</doc>
<doc id="6940421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940421" title="Seagull Screaming Kiss Her Kiss Her">
Seagull Screaming Kiss Her Kiss Her

Seagull Screaming Kiss Her Kiss Her is a Japanese rock band formed by guitarist Aiha Higurashi in 1992. Beginning as a two-girl band in New York City with her friend Sachiko Ito, it was not until after they had played a few shows that the band got its name, which was lifted from the 1984 song "Seagulls Screaming Kiss Her Kiss Her" by XTC. Aiha returned to Tokyo solo in 1994 where she enlisted bassist and vocalist Nao Koyama and drummer Takaharu "Takape" Karashima. Karashima left the band after recording "Pretty In Pink" in 1999.
Discography.
Studio albums

</doc>
<doc id="6940424" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940424" title="Juan Ricketts">
Juan Ricketts



</doc>
<doc id="6940435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940435" title="Isgandar Hamidov">
Isgandar Hamidov

Isgandar Majid oglu Hamidov () (also transliterated as "Iskender Majid oglu Hamidov" or "Iskander Medjid oglu Hamidov"; April 10, 1948 in Bağlıpəyə village, Kalbajar rayon – February 26, 2020 in Baku) was an Azerbaijani politician, Minister of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan who served in the Popular Front government of 1992–1993. He was a nationalist and anti-communist. He played a key role in preventing Ayaz Mutallibov's 1992 self-coup.
When Ayaz Mutallibov, first president of Azerbaijan, cancelled presidential elections which were set to take place on June 7, 1992, Hamidov marched with an armed force to confront Mutallibov. Mutallibov subsequently fled the country and Isa Gambar was made acting president. Gambar reinstated the upcoming presidential elections which were won by Abulfaz Elchibey.
As Minister of Internal Affairs, Hamidov sought to clamp down on the black market in Azerbaijan. Isgandar Hamidov resigned in April 1993.
As a chairman of Azerbaijan National Democrat Party, informally known as the Grey Wolves, Hamidov pleaded for the creation of a unified Turkic country which would include northern Iran and extend itself to Siberia, India and China. He was known to have threatened Armenia with a nuclear strike. He had also supported Chechnya in the First Chechen war as part of the Grey Wolves and played a major role in the First Nagorno-Karabakh war.
Historian Audrey Altstadt writes of Hamidov's military tenure,Compared with the many men who had given themselves the title of “colonel” after building a private army with the accumulated bribes of theirSoviet-era jobs, Hamidov had earned his living and his rank. He had the paramilitary training of the regular police and through years of service had achieved the rank of colonel. He commanded the personal loyalty of thousands of willing fighters. In 1995, he was arrested and sentenced to 14 years in prison by the Heydar Aliyev regime for embezzlement of state funds. According to Amnesty International and the Council of Europe, he was a political prisoner. He was pardoned by the decree of President Ilham Aliyev in 2004.
He died in April 10, 2020, he was 72.

</doc>
<doc id="6940439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940439" title="William B. Strang Jr.">
William B. Strang Jr.

William B. Strang Jr. (1857–1921) was an American railroad magnate who platted Overland Park, Kansas and is considered the founder of the community. In 1905, Strang purchased 600 acres south of Kansas City, Missouri and adjacent to present day Metcalf Avenue and 80th Street. "Strang envisioned a "park-like" community that was self-sustaining and well planned. He also sought strong commerce, quality education, vibrant neighborhoods, convenient transportation and accommodating recreational facilities."
An entrepreneur, Strang founded the Missouri and Kansas Interurban Railway which went from Olathe, Kansas to Kansas City, Missouri until 1940. It was nicknamed the "Strang Line". He also established an airfield and provided land for schools and businesses along with his creation of several housing developments. Santa Fe Drive in Downtown Overland Park marks a portion of the original Strang Line. The Strang Carbarn, at 79th and Santa Fe Drive, which housed trolley cars for the line, and the Strang Carriage House in Thompson Park, south of 80th and Santa Fe, are remnants of the trolley car line.

</doc>
<doc id="6940441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940441" title="The Brian Lehrer Show">
The Brian Lehrer Show



</doc>
<doc id="6940455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940455" title="Chevrolet Bakkie">
Chevrolet Bakkie



</doc>
<doc id="6940460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940460" title="İskender Hamidov">
İskender Hamidov



</doc>
<doc id="6940462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940462" title="Timeline of the Republic of Texas">
Timeline of the Republic of Texas

This is a timeline of the Republic of Texas, spanning the time from the Texas Declaration of Independence from Mexico on March 2, 1836, up to the transfer of power to the State of Texas on February 19, 1846.
1836.
Texas Declares Independence

</doc>
<doc id="6940469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940469" title="Ward Chipman (1754-1824)">
Ward Chipman (1754-1824)



</doc>
<doc id="6940474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940474" title="Seagull Screaming">
Seagull Screaming



</doc>
<doc id="6940484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940484" title="Carlton Hotel (Atascadero, California)">
Carlton Hotel (Atascadero, California)

The Carlton Hotel is a luxury hotel located in Atascadero, California, along the state's Central Coast in San Luis Obispo County. Construction began in 1928, with the hotel officially opening its doors in 1929. After several decades of local popularity and notoriety, by the early 1980s the property had fallen into deep disrepair. 
During this time, the dilapidation had degenerated into such extent that several local bands would play in the dark and abandoned lobby, and the gold-plated hands of the tower clock were stolen sometime in the late 1970s.
In 1999, a joint-venture, formed between David Weyrich, David Crabtree and Steve Landaker, purchased the hotel and embarked on a renovation project. They reopened the facility in 2004.
In 2023, The Carlton was acquired by new owners, who announced they would renovate the hotel.

</doc>
<doc id="6940485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940485" title="İsgəndər Həmidov">
İsgəndər Həmidov



</doc>
<doc id="6940488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940488" title="College Avenue Gym">
College Avenue Gym



</doc>
<doc id="6940491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940491" title="Hamidov">
Hamidov

Hamidov or Khamidov () is a central-Asian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Hamidova or Khamidova. It may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="6940494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940494" title="Kapaun Mt. Carmel Catholic High School">
Kapaun Mt. Carmel Catholic High School

Kapaun Mt. Carmel Catholic High School, sometimes called Kapaun, is a private, four year, co-educational, secondary school operated by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Wichita. It is located on the east side of Wichita, Kansas. The school colors are blue and white. The average annual enrollment is approximately 850 students.
Kapaun Mt. Carmel is a member of the Kansas State High School Activities Association and offers a variety of sports programs. Athletic teams compete in the 5A division and are known as the "Crusaders". Extracurricular activities are also offered in the form of performing arts, school publications, and clubs.
History.
Chaplain Kapaun Memorial High School was named after Chaplain Emil Kapaun, a priest of the Wichita Diocese who served and died in the Korean War. It opened in 1956 another site on east Central Ave (not the same as the present site), in east Wichita, and was operated by the Jesuits as a preparatory school for young men. Jesuits served at the school in various capacities until the early 1990s. Alumni of the initial Chaplain Kapaun school recall that under the basketball court's "floating floor" was a rifle range, where students - under supervision - practiced marksmanship with school-supplied .22 cal rifles, and that supported a school rifle team.
Mount Carmel Academy was established in 1887 by the Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary (BVM) as a girl's boarding school. The BVM sisters served the school until the early 1990s. John (Jack) Vickers (1891-1940) was an oil mogul who got his start in Butler County oil fields and former "Vickers Oil Refinery" in Potwin. In 1934, Vickers built a large mansion at 8500 E Central (named "Vickridge"). In 1961, his estate became the new site for "Mount Carmel Academy".
Kapaun Mt. Carmel High School was established in 1971 as the result of the merger of "Chaplain Kapaun Memorial High School" and "Mount Carmel Academy" at the current Vickridge location.
In 2006, Kapaun Mt. Carmel began a $2.3 million expansion to the school. A new restroom was constructed, as well as expanded art and debate rooms, new teacher lounges, and a new student commons area. The expansion was completed in August 2007.
Academics.
Kapaun Mt. Carmel Catholic High School is also accredited by the State of Kansas, and the National Catholic Educational Association. Institutional membership is held in the National Association of College Admissions Counseling and several other professional organizations.
Extracurricular activities.
Athletics.
The Crusaders compete in the "Greater Wichita Athletic League" (GWAL) and are classified as a 5A school, the second-largest classification in Kansas according to the Kansas State High School Activities Association. Throughout its history, Kapaun Mt. Carmel has won 102 state championships in various sports.
Football.
From 1969 to 1990, Eddie Kriwiel coached football and served as the athletic director at Kapaun Mt. Carmel High School. Kriwiel won 297 games as a high school football coach and his teams had just two losing seasons in 36 years. His teams played in 12 state championship games and won 9.
Golf.
Coach Kriwiel was also successful as a high school golf coach. From 1969 to 1990, his teams won 20 state titles and 28 top-four finishes. While unofficial, this is believed by many to be a national record. Coach Corey Novascone brought success back to the Kapaun Mt Carmel Golf team. Compiling 7 state titles in a row as a head coach for both boys and girls golf. The girls' golf team had a 30-year stretch between state titles. Coach Marie Thomas, Coach Corey Novascone, and Coach Eric Johnsen were on the coaching staff for 9 state championships in the 11 year stretch from 2013 to 2024. As of 2024, the boys golf team holds the national record for most state championships as a high school team at 34.
Other sports.
Kapaun Mt. Carmel currently has the most Kansas state championships in football, wrestling, and golf as well as holding two grand state wrestling championships. The grand state wrestling championship tournament was only held twice, with Kapaun winning both.
Non-athletic activities.
Science Olympiad.
Kapaun Mt. Carmel won the Kansas State Science Olympiad competition from 2003 to 2007.
Scholars Bowl.
The Crusaders won the Scholars Bowl State Tournament in 1996, 2001, 2002, 2013 and 2017.
Eco Meet.
Kapaun Mt. Carmel won the State Eco-Meet competition in 2005 and 2006.
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="6940500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940500" title="Ward Chipman">
Ward Chipman

Ward Chipman (July 30, 1754 – February 9, 1824) was a New Brunswick lawyer, judge, and political figure. He briefly served as administrator for New Brunswick from 1823 until his death in 1824.
Early life.
He was born in Marblehead, Massachusetts in 1754 and studied at Harvard College. He taught school in Boston, then articled in law with Jonathan Sewall. He practiced law in the Vice-Admiralty Court and also was a clerk-solicitor in the Boston customhouse. However, he remained loyal to Britain during the American Revolution and withdrew to Halifax and then London. In 1777, he became deputy to muster master general Edward Winslow; at the same time, he was admitted to the bar in New York and resided for a time in Staten Island.
Career.
At the end of the war, he returned to London and lobbied for a grant of land in Nova Scotia. He became part of a group of loyalists urging that Nova Scotia be partitioned, which led to the creation of New Brunswick. Chipman was named solicitor general for the new province. He prepared a charter for the city of Saint John for Governor Thomas Carleton and served as recorder for the city from 1785 to 1809, which also made him a justice of the peace. In 1785, he was one of the founders of the New Brunswick bar and set up practice in Saint John. Chipman's clients included Benedict Arnold. Also in 1785, he ran as a pro-government candidate for the Legislative Assembly and was elected, although he is said to have the support of the local sheriff in the inspection of the ballots; he was defeated in the 1793 election for the 2nd New Brunswick Legislature, but returned in Northumberland County. He was defeated again in 1795.
In 1800, he pleaded the case of Nancy Morton, an enslaved Black woman, in "R v Jones"; the court was divided with respect to Chipman's assertion that slavery was illegal in New Brunswick, so no decision was made and the woman was returned to her master. Chipman also supported the settlement of several hundred Black refugees in the province following the War of 1812.
He was also a gentleman farmer and was known for the quality of his potato crops.
Chipman represented the British in the negotiations held to establish the province's boundary with the state of Maine. In 1806, he was named to the Council. He was named a puisne judge in the province's Supreme Court in 1808. In 1815, he was named to a second commission charged with settling the boundary with Maine as it applied to islands in Passamaquoddy Bay. In 1823, Chipman was named colonial administrator after the death of Lieutenant Governor George Stracey Smyth; he died in office at Fredericton in 1824.
Legacy.
The Ward Chipman Library at the University of New Brunswick was named in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="6940504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940504" title="Carole Samaha">
Carole Samaha

Carole Samaha (; born July 25, 1972) is a Lebanese singer, actress, and performer. She has released six studio albums. Samaha has a Master's degree in acting and directing, which she earned in 1999 from the Saint Joseph University of Beirut.
In 2004, she won the Arab Music Award for best female newcomer. She has also won multiple Murex d'Or awards and was nominated for best Arabia New Act in the MTV Europe Music Awards 2008.
Before starting her pop music career, Carole Samaha was a classical actress and worked extensively with Mansour Rahbani and Marwan Rahbani. Her first music single was "Bi Sabah el Alf el Talet" in 2000.
In 2007, Carole Samaha returned to the theater to play Zenobia in the Rahbani musical with the same name. She established her own production company, Lacarma, in 2009. In 2011, Carole Samaha starred in the TV series "Al Shahroura", broadcast during Ramadan, as the singer and actress Sabah. In 2013, she was a judge on The X Factor (Arabic TV series) and she was the mentor for Young Pharoz, Maraya and Les Bledards Ninja. Later that year, she created the musical show "The Lady", produced by Rotana, which premiered on August 10, 2013. 
Early life.
Samaha was born on July 25, 1972, in Beirut to Antoine Samaha from Khenchara, Metn, a direct relative of Lebanese politician Shafik Mebarak Samaha (who left Zahlé, Lebanon for Colombia at the beginning of the 20th century) and Nouhad Hawi from Dhour El Choueir, Metn. Through the former, she is also related to Shafik Mebarak, nephew of Shakira. She has two brothers. Her parents supported different political factions, and according to Samaha that fact made her become "more open" to the different views of people, learning a great deal from that experience.
Personal life.
On November 1, 2013, Samaha married Walid Mustafa, an Egyptian businessman, in a civil ceremony in Limassol, Cyprus, following an 18-month courtship and short engagement. On August 31, 2015, Carole Samaha gave birth to a baby girl, Tala. She is a Maronite Christian. She holds both Lebanese and Egyptian citizenships, and since 2014 has been residing in Egypt with her husband.

</doc>
<doc id="6940506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940506" title="Beaufort Stew">
Beaufort Stew



</doc>
<doc id="6940509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940509" title="Debbie Does Dallas Uncovered">
Debbie Does Dallas Uncovered



</doc>
<doc id="6940529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940529" title="Johannes Andreas August Grabau">
Johannes Andreas August Grabau

Johannes Andreas August Grabau (March 18, 1804—June 2, 1879) was an influential German-American Old Lutheran pastor and theologian. He is usually mentioned as J. A. A. Grabau.
Grabau was born in Olvenstedt, Prussia (now a part of greater Magdeburg, Germany). He was the son of Johann Andreas Grabau and Anna Dorothea Jericho. Grabau was educated at the grammar school in Olvenstedt (1809–1818), the Magdeburg Gymnasium (1818–1825) and at the University of Halle (1825–1829).
After three years as a teacher in Magdeburg and Sachsa bei Nordhausen, Grabau was ordained and installed as pastor of St. Andrew's Church in Erfurt in June 1834. Grabau was jailed twice for refusing to use the Prussian union Agenda and was permitted to immigrate to America in summer 1839 with members of Lutheran congregations in Erfurt and Magdeburg. They settled in Buffalo, New York, where he served as pastor of a Lutheran congregation for 40 years. On July 15, 1845, along with four pastors, Grabau founded "The Synod of the Lutheran Church emigrated from Prussia" (German: "Synode der aus Preussen ausgewanderten lutherischen Kirche") which became known as the Buffalo Synod. Grabau also founded the Martin Luther College in Buffalo. Grabau retained control of the Martin Luther College and remained as its rector. The official organ of Grabau's synod after 1866 was "Die Wachende Kirche", under his editorship.
Grabau was married on July 15, 1834, to Christine Sophia Burgraf, the daughter of Johann Andreas Burggraf and Friedericke Louise Elizabeth Beulke. They had at least three children: Johann, Wilhelm, and Beata. Grabau died on June 2, 1879, in Buffalo, New York, shortly before the 40th anniversary of his arrival in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="6940542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940542" title="Ncku">
Ncku



</doc>
<doc id="6940560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940560" title="Nat Patton">
Nat Patton

Nat Patton (February 26, 1881 – July 27, 1957), also known as "Cousin Nat", was an American lawyer and politician who served five terms as a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from the 7th District of Texas from 1935 to 1945.
Early life and career.
Patton was born on a farm near tiny Tadmor in Houston County near Crockett in east Texas. He attended rural schools and Sam Houston Normal School in Huntsville. He taught in the rural and high schools from 1899 to 1918.
Early political career.
He was elected to the Texas House of Representatives in 1912, attended law school at the University of Texas at Austin, was admitted to the bar in 1918, and began his law practice in Crockett.
During the First World War, Patton enlisted in the United States Army but was never sworn in because the armistice was signed.
Patton was elected in 1918 as county judge of Houston County and served until 1922.
He served in the Texas State Senate from 1929 to 1934. He was also a delegate to the Texas Democratic state conventions in 1924 and 1935.
Congress.
In 1934, Patton was elected to the Seventy-fourth and then to the four succeeding Congresses (January 3, 1935 – January 3, 1945). Patton was defeated for renomination in 1944 by Tom Pickett.
Later career and death.
He resumed the practice of law in Crockett until his death; he is interred there in Evergreen Memorial Park.
Affiliations.
He was a member of the Miller group in Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="6940567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940567" title="Two a Days">
Two a Days



</doc>
<doc id="6940570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940570" title="SS President Coolidge">
SS President Coolidge

SS "President Coolidge" was an American ocean liner that was completed in 1931. She was operated by Dollar Steamship Lines until 1938, and then by American President Lines until 1941. She served as a troopship from December 1941 until October 1942, when she was sunk by mines in Espiritu Santo in the New Hebrides (now Vanuatu) at the Espiritu Santo Naval Base, part of current-day Vanuatu. "President Coolidge" had a sister ship, , completed in 1930 and lost when she ran aground in a typhoon in 1937.
History.
Building.
Dollar Lines ordered both ships on 26 October 1929. The Newport News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company of Newport News, Virginia built the two ships, completing "President Hoover" in 1930. The keel for "President Coolidge" was laid 22 April 1930 and the ship was delivered 1 October 1931. They were the largest merchant ships built in the United States up to that time. Each ship had turbo-electric transmission, with a pair of steam turbo generators generating current that powered propulsion motors on the propeller shafts. Westinghouse built the turbo generators and propulsion motors for "President Coolidge" but General Electric built the turbo generators and propulsion motors for "President Hoover".
In the "President Coolidge" twelve Babcock &amp; Wilcox superheater type water tube boilers provided steam for main and auxiliary power. Main power was generated by two Westinghouse 10,200 kilowatt turbine generator sets that normally each drove two 400 volt Westinghouse 13,200 horsepower synchronous motors directly connected to the two screws. If necessary the linkages were present so both motors and screws could be driven by either one of the two generator sets.
Only the boiler feed and main lubricating pumps, driven directly from the steam turbines, were not electrical. Those included everything from cargo winches and other ship's auxiliary machinery to 365 Westinghouse stateroom fans. The 180 ship's auxiliary motors ranged from a tenth horsepower to the 13,250 horsepower main motors. The ship had refrigerated cargo space. "President Coolidge" was initially designed for 350 first class, 150 "special" or intermediate class passengers with space for 1,260 passengers of all classes and a crew of 300.
The ship was launched on 21 February 1931 after Mrs. Calvin C. Coolidge broke a bottle of water that came from a brook on the Coolidge farm in Vermont on the bow.
Pre-war service.
"President Hoover" and "President Coolidge" ran between San Francisco and Manila via Kobe and Shanghai, and some round the World voyages that continued from Manila via Singapore, the Suez Canal, the Mediterranean Sea, New York City, the Panama Canal and thence back to San Francisco.
"President Hoover" and "President Coolidge" were aimed at holiday makers seeking sun in the Pacific and Far East. Passenger luxuries included spacious staterooms and lounges, private telephones, two saltwater swimming pools, a barbers' shop, beauty salon, gymnasium and soda fountain. "President Coolidge" broke several speed records on her crossings between Japan and San Francisco.
In December 1937 "President Hoover" ran aground on the Taiwanese coast and was declared a total loss. Dollar Steamship Lines was increasingly in debt, and in June 1938 "President Coolidge" was arrested for an unpaid debt of $35,000. She was released in bond for a final trans-Pacific voyage, and then Dollar Lines was suspended from operation. In August 1938 the United States Maritime Commission reorganised the company as American President Lines, which then ran the former Dollar Lines fleet until the Second World War.
In March 1939 "President Coolidge" was the last ship to sight the custom-built Chinese junk "Sea Dragon", built and sailed by American explorer Richard Halliburton, before she disappeared in a typhoon some west of the Midway Islands.
World War II.
As relations between Japan and Britain deteriorated in 1940, "President Coolidge" helped to evacuate US citizens from Hong Kong. As Japanese aggression expanded, "President Coolidge" took part in evacuations from other parts of east Asia.
In 1941 the threat of war increased and the US War Department began to use "President Coolidge" for occasional voyages to Honolulu and Manila. In June 1941 "President Coolidge" became a troopship, reinforcing garrisons in the Pacific. On December 7, 1941 Japan attacked Pearl Harbor and on December 19 "President Coolidge" evacuated 125 critically injured naval patients from Hawaii, cared for by three hastily assigned Navy nurses and two Navy doctors from the Philippines that were already among passengers being evacuated from the war zone that had now reached Hawaii. The ship reached San Francisco on 25 December.
On 12 January 1942 the first large convoy, including the large former ocean liners "President Coolidge" and , to Australia after Pearl Harbor departed the United States carrying troops, supplies, ammunition and weapons, including P-40 fighters intended for the Philippines and Java with fifty of the planes carried by "President Coolidge" and "Mariposa". Arriving Melbourne on 1 February in "President Coolidge", along with supplies and munitions not intended for transshipment beyond Australia, were the officers, known as the "Remember
Pearl Harbor" (RPH) Group, selected to form the staff of the US Army Forces in Australia (USAFIA) as the command structure for what was to be the Southwest Pacific Area was evolving.
"President Coolidge" performed these military duties in her pre-war civilian condition. Only in early 1942 was she hastily converted into a troopship. Many of her civilian fittings were either removed for safe keeping or boarded over for their protection. Her accommodation was reorganized to provide capacity for 5,000 troops. Guns were mounted on her, she was painted haze gray and the War Shipping Administration assigned her to the US Navy.
After her conversion, "President Coolidge" resumed service in the South West Pacific theatre. In the spring of 1942, escorted by the cruiser ,
she took Manuel Quezon, President of the Philippines from Melbourne to San Francisco.
In her first few months of service "President Coolidge"s ports of call included Melbourne, Wellington, Auckland, Bora Bora, and Suva. On October 6, she left homeport of San Francisco for New Caledonia and the New Hebrides. Embarked were the 172nd Infantry Regiment, 43rd Division, and a harbor defense unit intended to protect the airfield at Espiritu Santo that was providing bomber support for forces at Guadalcanal.
Loss.
A large military base and harbor had been established on Espiritu Santo and the harbor was heavily protected by mines. Information about safe entry into the harbor had been accidentally omitted from the "President Coolidge"s sailing orders and, on her approach to Santo on 26 October 1942, Captain Henry Nelson, fearing Japanese submarines and unaware of the mine fields, tried to enter the harbor through the largest and most obvious channel. The ship struck a mine, which exploded near the engine room and, moments later, hit a second mine near her stern.
Knowing that he was going to lose the ship, Nelson ran her aground and ordered the troops to abandon ship. Not believing it would sink, troops were told to leave all of their belongings behind, under the impression that they could conduct salvage operations over the next few days.
Over the next 90 minutes, 5,340 men from the ship got safely ashore. There was no panic as they disembarked, and many even walked ashore. However, the captain's attempts to beach the ship were thwarted by a coral reef. The "President Coolidge" listed heavily on her side, sank stern first, and slid down a slope into the channel.
There were only two casualties in the sinking. The first was Fireman Robert Reid, who was working in the engine room and was killed by the first mine blast. The second, Captain Elwood Joseph Euart, 103rd Field Artillery Regiment, had safely left "President Coolidge" when he heard that there were still men in the infirmary who could not get out. He returned through one of the sea doors and successfully rescued the men, but was then unable to escape himself and went down with the ship. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his heroic actions. A memorial to Euart is situated on the shore near the access points to the "Coolidge".
In 2013, Euart's body was reportedly located by a local dive guide. A message was sent to the Australian High Commission, which passed it on to US authorities in Hawaii. An American recovery team arrived in February 2014 and, working with local operators, they found Euart's remains after 73 years, still with his dog tags and personal items, lying in deep silt in the bottom of the wreck. Subsequent DNA testing of the remains matched with Euart's relatives. His family was advised that the US military would perform a full military funeral service and that he would be buried with his parents.
The loss of critical equipment being carried by the "President Coolidge" forced the redistribution of scarce local stores and, combined with loss of the ship when transport was critically short, delayed the deployment of the 25th Division from Hawaii to the war theater, complicating logistics during the crisis at Guadalcanal. The "President Coolidge" also carried of the anti-malarial drug quinine which was, at that time, the entire stock of quinine held by the US.
Official inquiries.
There were three official inquiries surrounding the cause of the sinking. The first preliminary Court of Inquiry convened 12 November 1942 aboard the destroyer tender on the orders of Admiral Halsey. The Court of Inquiry recommended additional charges be laid against Captain Nelson. The matter was referred to a military commission which convened in Nouméa, New Caledonia on 8 December 1942. This commission acquitted Captain Nelson of guilt.
From the Commission of Inquiry it emerged that Merchant Marine vessels were not given all available tactical information, most notably regarding the placement of mines. This would have prevented the sinking. This outcome displeased the Navy Department, so Nelson was referred to a US Coast Guard Investigation Board on his return to the United States on 6 February 1943. However, this Investigation Board took no further action.
Salvage.
After the war, items such as the propeller blades, bunker oil, brass casings of shells, electric motors, junction boxes and copper tubing were salvaged from the ship. Earthquakes have since collapsed some sections of the wreck, which now rests on her port side with her bow at a depth of and her stern at .
Protected wreck and dive site.
In 1980 Vanuatu won independence from France and Britain, and on 18 November 1983, the government of the new republic declared that no salvage or recovery of any artifact would be allowed from "President Coolidge".
Since then the ship has been used for recreational diving. Divers see a largely intact luxury cruise liner and a military ship. They can swim through numerous holds and decks. There are guns, cannons, Jeeps, helmets, trucks and personal supplies, a beautiful statue of "The Lady" (a porcelain relief of a lady riding a unicorn) chandeliers, and a mosaic tile fountain. Coral grows around, with many creatures such as reef fish, barracuda, lionfish, sea turtles and moray eels.
"President Coolidge" is a somewhat accessible shipwreck due to the relatively shallow site, easy beach access, and visibility. The depths involved mean that, with care and decompression stops, recreational divers can explore large parts of the wreck without specialized equipment. The massive size of the wreck, combined with the gradual downward slope, mean that care must be taken monitoring depth, as the diver's horizontal frame of reference may be skewed, preventing awareness of the continual gradual descent.

</doc>
<doc id="6940589" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940589" title="Leopoldo Lopez">
Leopoldo Lopez



</doc>
<doc id="6940591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940591" title="Skating Club of Boston">
Skating Club of Boston

The Skating Club of Boston is a not-for-profit figure skating club based in Norwood, Massachusetts. Founded in 1912, it is one of the oldest skating clubs in the United States, and a founding member of U.S. Figure Skating, the governing body for the sport in the United States. The Club's mission is to advance participation, education and excellence in skating for people of all ages, abilities and means. The Club has over 800 active members and offers a variety of programs for the public, reaching another 2,000 children and adults. The club built its own rink in Brighton, Massachusetts in 1938 and remained there until moving to the Norwood facility in 2020. In addition, in a public private partnership with the City of Boston's Parks &amp; Recreation Department, the Club manages the programming and facilities for The Frog Pond located at Boston Common on a year-round basis.
Facility.
The club's current facility, located on University Avenue in Norwood, Massachusetts, officially opened to the public in September 2020, delayed from June 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The facility features three rinks including the Tenley E. Albright Performance Center, a 2,500-seat Olympic-sized arena named for the Olympic champion and Club member. Two of the club's three rinks are used exclusively for figure skating, a rarity as most skating rinks are shared between figure skating and hockey.
In addition to the ice surfaces, the club's facility is home to a gym, sports rehabilitation and off-ice conditioning center, dance studio, café, and academic center. Also within the facility is Home Ice, a store for skate fitting, sharpening, and apparel.
Club activities.
Like many other skating clubs in North America, The Skating Club of Boston includes many social and volunteer activities along with skater development and athlete training. These include special dinners acknowledging volunteers, awards banquets celebrating skater achievements and competitions, and special exhibitions supporting community programs and athlete development. The Club supports a junior activities program encouraging leadership and community activities with its junior members.
The Boston Open is held annually in September and attracts skaters from across New England. Every spring the club showcases its many talented skaters in Ice Chips, the longest continuous run of any skating carnival in the world. In addition to the skaters training for local, national, and world competitions, the Club programming includes several of its own Theatre On Ice teams and provides a high performance skating program for youth interested in accelerated training, both on and off the ice. The club is affiliated with Team Excel, a synchronized skating organization.
The Club has hosted the United States Figure Skating Championships seven times, most recently in January 2014. In 2016, the Club hosted the ISU World Figure Skating Championships, a first for the city of Boston. The Club also hosted the 2011 U.S. U.S. Synchronized Skating Championships and the 2013 ISU World Synchronized Skating Championships.
Notable members.
A partial list of notable skaters who have trained at or represented The Skating Club of Boston include:
Notable former coaches at the club include Evgenia Shishkova and Vadim Naumov, 1994 ISU World Figure Skating Pair Champions, who were killed in the crash of American Eagle flight 5342, along with teenage skaters Jinna Han and Spencer Lane and their mothers, Jin Han and Christine Lane.
Theatre On Ice of Boston.
The Skating Club of Boston's Theatre On Ice program proudly supports five full competitive teams. Theatre On Ice is a discipline of skating focusing on originality, costuming, artistry, musicality, and choreography. It promotes the team as a whole and is a great way to learn artistic and performance skating.
The adult ice theatre team, Imagica of Boston, swept the gold medals (in the National Freeskate, International Choreographic Exercise, and International Freeskate events) at the 2008 and 2009 International/National Theatre on Ice competitions, and are the 2013 Nation's Cup Gold Medalists. Imagica of Boston is directed by Tasney Mazzarino. ACT I of Boston, is The Skating Club of Boston's Senior Theatre On Ice team. They are the 2013 U.S. National Theatre on Ice Gold Medal Champions. They have been selected to be one of three U.S. Senior Theatre On Ice teams to represent the U.S in Paris, France at the Nations Cup, International Interclub Ballet On Ice Competition in April 2015. ACT I of Boston is made up of a strong variety of skaters many of which have toured with Disney On Ice. The Ovation of Boston team consists of skaters 9 years or older, preliminary free skate level and above. Encore of Boston competes across the country, developing their theatrical and performance skating. The Center Stage of Boston team is the 2015 United States National Champions.
The Skating Academy.
The Skating Academy is the learn-to-skate school operated by The Skating Club of Boston, offering group lessons to children and adults at the Norwood facility with additional programs in several locations, including Brighton, Boston, Beverly, Brookline, Dedham, Foxboro, the Boston Common Frog Pond, Boston’s North End, Somerville and West Roxbury. The Academy has over 2,000 students, and utilizes the Basic Skills curriculum of U.S. Figure Skating and USA Hockey.
Ice Chips.
Ice Chips is The Skating Club of Boston’s annual figure skating show and the longest running club-produced ice show in the world. The show has showcased the world’s most outstanding figure skaters, including national, international and Olympic champions. The show encompasses a cast of over 480 skaters, including singles, pairs, ice dance, synchronized skating teams and Theatre On Ice teams. Since its inception, it has served as a showcase for the best figure skating talent in the world.
Ice Chips has paved the way for figure skating shows, bringing figure skating to the forefront of American entertainment and securing Boston as the center of figure skating in the United States.
The Skating Club of Boston is proud to have donated revenues from the shows to various charities over the last 80 years including:

</doc>
<doc id="6940598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940598" title="Figure 8 roller coaster">
Figure 8 roller coaster

Figure 8 roller coasters are a category of roller coasters where the train runs through a figure 8 shaped course before returning to the boarding station. This design was one of the first designs to be featured in roller coaster design, along with the out and back roller coaster. The figure 8 design allowed for more turns than the out and back design, offering riders an alternative experience.
An early and famous example of a Figure 8 is the Leap the Dips at Lakemont Park, in Altoona, Pennsylvania.
Many figure 8 roller coasters carry the name "Figure 8."
Layout.
In a figure 8 track layout, the track crosses over itself, forming an "8" shape.
The "double figure eight" is a variation where the track contains two separate figure-eight shapes. Some examples include the Cobra at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom and the Harley Quinn Crazy Train at Six Flags Great Adventure.
Early figure 8 coasters were typically wooden side friction coasters, where the train was brought to the top of the track via chain lift and then descended through gravitational pull. Modern coasters can be made out of wood or steel, and may incorporate different launch mechanisms or train configurations to enhance the ride experience.
History.
Figure 8 coasters date back to the late 19th century. Many roller coasters of the time used out-and-back tracks, and the figure 8 layout became a standard design that provided the rider with more turns during the descent. Like many coasters of the time, figure 8 coasters were slow moving, often capping at speeds of .
While the track design was a popular alternative to typical out-and-back tracks at the start of the 20th century, interest plummeted in the following decades. They were often dismantled in favor of faster coasters, being viewed as less exciting than the new designs of the time. The Leap the Dips coaster at Lakemont Park, located in Altoona, Pennsylvania, is believed to be the oldest surviving side friction figure 8 coaster.
Figure 8 roller coasters.
"An Incomplete List of Figure 8 roller coasters"

</doc>
<doc id="6940601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940601" title="Tiger trout">
Tiger trout

The tiger trout ("Salmo trutta" × "Salvelinus fontinalis") is a sterile, intergeneric hybrid of the brown trout ("Salmo trutta") and the brook trout ("Salvelinus fontinalis"). Pronounced vermiculations in the fish's patterning gave rise to its name, evoking the stripes of a tiger. Tiger trout are a rare anomaly in the wild, as the parent species are relatively distantly related, being members of different genera and possessing mismatched numbers of chromosomes. However, specialized hatchery rearing techniques are able to produce tiger trout reliably enough to meet the demands of stocking programs.
Natural occurrence.
Prior to the 19th century, naturally occurring tiger trout were an impossibility, as the native range of brown trout in Eurasia and brook trout in North America do not overlap and the species could therefore never have encountered one another in the wild. When the widespread stocking of non-native gamefish began in the 1800s, brown trout and brook trout began establishing wild populations alongside each other in some places and the opportunity for hybridization in the wild arose. Instances of stream-born tiger trout were recorded in the United States at least as early as 1944 and, despite being exceptionally rare, they've been documented numerous times during the 20th and 21st centuries.
Tiger trout result exclusively from the fertilization of brown trout eggs with brook trout milt, as brook trout eggs are generally too small to be successfully fertilized by brown trout milt. Tigers are known as intergeneric hybrids as the two parent species share only a relatively distant relationship, belonging to different genera within the Salmon family. In fact, brook trout and brown trout have non-matching numbers of chromosomes, with the former possessing 84 and the latter 80. Consequently, even in cases in which brown trout eggs are fertilized by brook trout in the wild, most of these eggs develop improperly and fail to yield any young.
Hatchery rearing.
Tiger trout can be produced reliably in hatcheries and they have been incorporated into stocking programs in the United States at least as early as the 1960s. Hatchery productivity is enhanced by heat shocking the fertilized hybrid eggs, causing the creation of an extra set of chromosomes which increases survival rates from 5% to 85%. Tiger trout have been reported to grow faster than natural species, though this assessment is not universal. They are also known to be highly piscivorous and are consequently a useful control against rough fish populations. This, along with their desirability as novel gamefish, means tigers have continued to be popular with many fish stocking programs. US states with tiger trout stocking programs include Arizona, Arkansas, Colorado, Connecticut, Idaho, Washington, West Virginia, Wyoming, Utah, Virginia, Oregon, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="6940608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940608" title="Two a days">
Two a days



</doc>
<doc id="6940609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940609" title="The Deptford Mice Trilogy">
The Deptford Mice Trilogy



</doc>
<doc id="6940616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940616" title="You’ll Follow Me Down (single)">
You’ll Follow Me Down (single)



</doc>
<doc id="6940627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940627" title="Francis Nicholls">
Francis Nicholls

Francis Nicholls may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6940628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940628" title="Pedro Chirino">
Pedro Chirino

Pedro Chirino, SJ (born 1557 in Osuna, Andalusia – died 16 September 1635 in Manila, Philippines) was a Spanish priest and historian who served as a Jesuit missionary in the Philippines. He is most remembered for his work, "Relación de las Islas Filipinas" (1604), one of the earliest works about the Philippines and its people that was written.
Biography.
He was born in 1557 in Spain. A graduate in both civil and canon laws at Sevilla, he entered the Society of Jesus at age 23. He was soon appointed to the mission in the Philippines, arriving in the country in 1590 along with Gomez Perez Dasmariñas, the newly-appointed governor-general of the Philippines.
He was first assigned to Balayan before he was appointed to be the parish priest of the town of Taytay in 1591. During his tenure as parish priest, he transferred the location of Taytay parish from its original site near Laguna de Bay to a hilltop area where it has remained to this day. He also began to immerse himself in the study of the Tagalog language and was able to preach his homily in Tagalog for the first time on 15 August 1591 on the occasion of the establishment of a Jesuit mission in Antipolo. 
Chirino also went to missions in Tigbauan from February 1593 to April 1595 and Leyte in June 1595. It was in Tigbauan where Father Chirino established in 1593 what would become the first Jesuit boarding-school in the Philippines. 
In the course of his missionary work, Father Chirino also recorded the transition of Filipino writing from the Baybayin script to the Latin alphabet. In addition, he began writing down his knowledge of Philippine history as well as his observations on the way of life of Filipinos in that period. Upon his return to Europe in 1602, he worked on the publication of these writings into a book entitled "Relación de las Islas Filipinas". The book was eventually published in Rome in 1604.
In Europe, he was able to further establish the Jesuit mission in the Philippines at both the royal and pontifical courts. Through his efforts, he was able to obtain a decree from the Superior General of the Society of Jesus, elevating the Philippine mission to the status of vice-province, independent of the province of Mexico.
Father Chirino returned to the Philippines in 1606 and continued writing about the Philippines; many of these writings have yet to be published. He died in 1635.

</doc>
<doc id="6940642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940642" title="Iskandar Hamidov">
Iskandar Hamidov



</doc>
<doc id="6940645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940645" title="İskandar Hamidov">
İskandar Hamidov



</doc>
<doc id="6940650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940650" title="Concertoes">
Concertoes



</doc>
<doc id="6940657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940657" title="DeathNote">
DeathNote



</doc>
<doc id="6940664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940664" title="Varian">
Varian

Varian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6940665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940665" title="KERORO Gunsou">
KERORO Gunsou



</doc>
<doc id="6940676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940676" title="Ageltrude">
Ageltrude

Ageltrude or Agiltrude (around 860 – 27 August 923) was the Empress and Queen of Italy as the wife of Guy (reigned 891–894). She was the regent for her son Lambert (reigned 894–898) and actively encouraged him in opposing the Carolingians, and in influencing papal elections in their favour.
Life.
Ageltrude was the daughter of Prince Adelchis of Benevento and Adeltrude. She married Guy of Spoleto circa 875, when he was the duke and margrave of Spoleto and Camerino. Guy of Spoleto defeated Berengar to became King of Italy in 889, and then, in 891, he was crowned Holy Roman Emperor, making Ageltrude empress. Guy's reign was short, and in 894, Guy died, leaving Ageltrude a widow. As their son, Lambert, was a minor, she became regent.
In 894, Ageltrude accompanied her 14-year-old son, Lambert, to Rome to be confirmed as emperor by Pope Formosus, who supported the Carolingian claimant Arnulf of Carinthia. In 896, she and her son fled from Rome to Spoleto when Arnulf marched into Rome and was crowned in opposition to Lambert. This loss was only temporary, however, as Pope Formosus died a mere month after crowning Arnulf, and Arnulf himself was soon paralysed by a stroke.
Ageltrude, in a position of such power, took the opportunity to assert her authority in Rome and, after the very brief two-week papal reign of Boniface VI, she worked to have her preferred candidate elected as Pope Stephen VI. At her and Lambert's request, the body of Pope Formosus was disinterred, given a full trial on accusations of transferring one see to another, convicted, and his corpse was hurled into the Tiber, in an event that came to be known as the Cadaver Synod. Lambert became Lambert II of Spoleto.
In 898, her son died. She retired from politics after the death of her son and settled in the convent of Camerino and later in the convent of Salsomaggiore.

</doc>
<doc id="6940677" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940677" title="Kampilya">
Kampilya

Kampilya was the capital of the Panchala Kingdom, which was a mahajanapada mentioned in the Mahabharata. Kampilya was the capital of southern Panchala and Ahichchhatra was the capital of northern Panchala. 
Kampilya was ruled by Drupada during Mahabharata period. It is mentioned in Mahabharata that when the Pandavas were in exile and staying in Ekachakra (Etawah), (Uttar Pradesh) they learned that Drupada, King of Panchala, had announced the Swayamvara of his daughter Draupadi. Then they went to Kampilya (Kampil, Uttar Pradesh), the capital of Drupada.
History.
Previously called by the names Kampilya and Makandi, the history of Kampilaji dates back to the times of Bhagawan Vimalanatha. It is also the birthplace of king Harisen of the Ikshvaku dynasty. It was the capital of king Drupad who ruled this place during the period of Bhagawan Neminatha. Many remains found during the excavation work indicate that there were many Jain temples at this place. But now the place is being transformed into a village. This is also the birthplace of Sati Draupadi among the 16 sati. The deities at this place are said to belong to the Guptan period.

</doc>
<doc id="6940678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940678" title="KERORO">
KERORO



</doc>
<doc id="6940681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940681" title="Agiltrude">
Agiltrude



</doc>
<doc id="6940688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940688" title="Raymon de Peñaforte">
Raymon de Peñaforte



</doc>
<doc id="6940691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940691" title="A Book of Charms and Changelings">
A Book of Charms and Changelings



</doc>
<doc id="6940695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940695" title="Calgary Dawgs">
Calgary Dawgs



</doc>
<doc id="6940697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940697" title="NCKU">
NCKU

NCKU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6940703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940703" title="Detectice Conan">
Detectice Conan



</doc>
<doc id="6940705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940705" title="WHITEbox">
WHITEbox



</doc>
<doc id="6940706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940706" title="Clay Stone Briggs">
Clay Stone Briggs

Clay Stone Briggs (January 8, 1876 – April 29, 1933) was a Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from 1919 through his death in 1933.
Early life.
Briggs was born in Galveston, Texas, on January 8, 1876. While a child, he went to both public and private schools. He attended University of Texas at Austin (where he was a member of the Nu chapter of the Chi Phi fraternity), Harvard, and graduated from Yale Law School.
Political career and death.
Shortly after graduating college, he ran for the Texas House of Representatives and served there from 1907 to 1909. He was also a judge in the tenth district in Texas until 1919, when he became a member of congress. Briggs ran for Texas's 7th congressional district and served from March 4, 1919, until he died in Washington, D.C., in 1933.
He is buried in Oakwood Cemetery in Syracuse, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="6940707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940707" title="Ember Reichgott Junge">
Ember Reichgott Junge

Ember Reichgott Junge (born August 22, 1953) is an attorney, radio personality, and former state senator from Minnesota, representing New Hope and surrounding communities. A Democrat, she was elected to the Senate at age 29 and served for 18 years. Junge served as majority whip from 1991 to 1994, and as assistant majority leader from 1995 to 2000. She authored the first charter school law in the United States.
Career.
In 1998, Junge ran for Minnesota Attorney General in the DFL primary, losing to Mike Hatch, who went on to be elected in November. She served as the Minnesota chair of Joe Lieberman's 2004 presidential campaign. In 2006, she ran for Congress in the 5th Congressional district. In the contest to replace retiring incumbent Martin Olav Sabo, she placed third in the DFL primary, trailing Keith Ellison, the endorsed candidate, and former Sabo aide Mike Erlandson.
Junge is a frequent analyst on local Twin Cities political/public affairs programs, including KSTP-TV's "At Issue with Tom Hauser" and "Almanac" on Twin Cities Public Television.
Junge also pursues activities outside politics; she has appeared on stage at the Lakeshore Players Community Theater in White Bear Lake, Minnesota.
Junge is the Chief Advancement Officer for Lutheran Social Service of Minnesota.

</doc>
<doc id="6940709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940709" title="Japanese Animations">
Japanese Animations



</doc>
<doc id="6940710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940710" title="Syracruse">
Syracruse



</doc>
<doc id="6940711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940711" title="Clark W. Thompson (Texas politician)">
Clark W. Thompson (Texas politician)

Clark Wallace Thompson (August 6, 1896 – December 16, 1981) was a United States Marine Corps veteran of World War I and World War II, who served 11 terms in the U.S. House of Representatives in the mid-20th century.
Early life and education.
Thompson was born in La Crosse, Wisconsin on August 6, 1896, and moved to Oregon in 1901 with his parents, who settled in Cascade Locks. Thompson attended the common schools and the University of Oregon at Eugene.
World Wars.
He enlisted in the United States Marine Corps during the First World War serving from 1917 to 1918. He remained a United States Marine Corps reservist until 1946 except when he again served on active duty during World War II from 1940 to 1942.
From 1943 to 1945 he was the officer in charge, United States Marine Corps Reserve, and held the rank of colonel.
Family.
On November 16, 1918, he married Libbie Moody, daughter of William Lewis Moody, Jr. of Galveston, Texas.
Career.
Thompson was treasurer of the American National Insurance Company.
Congress.
He was a Democratic member of the House of Representatives from the 7th district of Texas from 1933 to 1935, having been elected to fill the vacancy caused by the death of United States Representative Clay Stone Briggs.
Following World War II, he represented Texas's 9th district from 1947 until he retired in 1966. He was one of the majority of the Texan delegation to decline to sign the 1956 Southern Manifesto opposing the desegregation of public schools ordered by the Supreme Court in "Brown v. Board of Education". However, Thompson voted against the Civil Rights Acts of 1957 and 1960, as well as the 24th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, while voting present on the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and not voting on the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Death and burial.
Thompson died on December 16, 1981, in Galveston, Texas and was buried in Galveston Memorial Park Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6940716" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940716" title="NightRider (bus service)">
NightRider (bus service)

The NightRider was a network of bus services in Melbourne, Australia. It operated on weekends and for special events from the Melbourne central business district to the outer suburbs on 13 routes, with over 300 stops between 01:30 (00:00 on the Doncaster route) and 04:30 on Saturdays and 05:30 on Sundays. NightRider ceased operation on 27 December 2015, being replaced by Night Network's Night Bus services which commenced operation in 2016.
History.
The NightRider network was launched in May 1993 with nine routes all originating on Swanston Street.&lt;ref name=ABP8/9&gt;Night Rider "Australian Bus Panorama" issue 8/9 June 1993 page 32&lt;/ref&gt; They were the first night routes in Melbourne after the Melbourne &amp; Metropolitan Tramways Board withdrew its services in the 1960s.
In November 2008, the NightRider network was overhauled. The logo and branding were replaced, and operators of several routes changed. New routes commenced to Doncaster, Healesville and Cranbourne. Frequencies were increased from 60 to 30 minutes. Due to Metro Trains Melbourne now running until 01:00, the first services were revised to depart at 01:30 instead of 00:30 on most services.
Route numbers were issued by Metlink for the first time (previously some operators did display them on buses) and are all in the 900 series, with the numbers corresponding to the predominant route number allocations at the outer termini. For example, many buses in the Dandenong area were in the 800s, hence the number 980 and 981 was allocated to them.
Originally fares were set at a flat $5 regardless of distance travelled. From March 2007 standard Metcard tickets were adopted for use on the service.
Buses were labelled with a large NightRider logo, and text saying "NightRider – The after midnight bus service".
Routes.
Buses ran half hourly from 01:30 (00:00 on Doncaster route 961) to 04:30 on Saturdays and 05:30 on Sundays on the following routes:

</doc>
<doc id="6940719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940719" title="Ned Patton">
Ned Patton



</doc>
<doc id="6940720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940720" title="Whirligig (torture)">
Whirligig (torture)

A whirligig is a punitive or torture contraption comprising a suspended cage-like device. The victim would be placed in the cage, which was spun violently in order to cause severe nausea. 
Device.
The device used for a whirligig is a six-foot-high cylindrical cage connected to pivots at top and bottom.
Punishment.
This was used as a military punishment, as by the British Army. For example, in Tangiers, the whirligig was reportedly used on women, by whom it was more feared than the pillory, stocks and wooden horse.

</doc>
<doc id="6940726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940726" title="Whirligig (disambiguation)">
Whirligig (disambiguation)

A whirligig is an object that spins or whirls, or has whirling parts, also found at:
Whirligig may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6940728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940728" title="Z Télé">
Z Télé



</doc>
<doc id="6940734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940734" title="John Preston Martin">
John Preston Martin

John Preston Martin (October 11, 1811 – December 23, 1862) was a political figure in Kentucky in the early 19th century. He was born on October 11, 1811, near Jonesville, Lee County, Virginia. He moved to Prestonsburg, Floyd County, Kentucky in 1828. He served in the State House of Representatives from 1841 through 1843.
Martin served in the 29th United States Congress from 1845 through 1847. He was not a candidate for renomination. He served in the Kentucky State Senate from 1855 through 1859, and was a delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1856. He died in Prestonsburg on December 23, 1862. He is buried in May Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6940736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940736" title="Juice Williams">
Juice Williams

Isiah John "Juice" Williams (born November 19, 1987) is a former American football quarterback. He played college football at Illinois. After his senior year of high school in 2005, Williams was considered a top recruit for the quarterback position.
Early life.
Isiah John Williams is the son of Stanley and Anita Williams. Mrs. Williams nearly died at birth due to his large size of 13 pounds and 8 ounces. He has two brothers and one sister. He was born the youngest of four siblings.
Williams was dubbed "Juice" by his grandmother because of his large size as a child. "I was kind of big … you know, big and juicy, I guess."
He was a high school honor student and attended the same school as former Illinois star Dick Butkus: Chicago Vocational High School. Williams is active both in his church and local community.
College career.
2006: Freshman year.
Williams played in the first four games of the 2006 football season, splitting time with senior quarterback Tim Brasic. He threw his first collegiate touchdown pass (a 76-yarder to Rashard Mendenhall) in the third game of the year against Syracuse. In the 4th game of the season, Williams made his first collegiate start in a losing effort vs Iowa.
On September 30, 2006, Williams led the Illini on a game-winning 4th-quarter drive for a 39-yard field goal that gave the team a 23–20 upset victory over host Michigan State. Illinois came into the game as 26-point underdogs. It was the team's first conference victory since the 2004 season. Williams finished with 122 yards passing, one touchdown pass, and 103 yards rushing. Illinois could not keep the momentum from the Michigan State game, losing the remainder of their games (several by less than a touchdown and two on last second field goals). Williams displayed inconsistency in his game finishing the season with a completion percentage below 40 and passing for fewer than 100 yards in the season's final three games.
2007: Sophomore year.
Williams was injured in the second quarter of the season opening loss to Mizzou and kept out of the second half for precautionary reasons. Williams showed improvement in his accuracy in the 3+ drives he was in, throwing 9 balls, 6 of which were caught for 59 yards. Williams had mediocre games in the Illini's first 3 victories over Western Illinois, Syracuse, and Indiana. Williams had average numbers in Illinois' back-to-back victories against ranked teams, defeating Penn State and Wisconsin.
It seemed as if Illinois' promising 5–1 start may have been a fluke, as they proceeded to drop their next two games, a 10–6 loss at Iowa and a 27–17 defeat against Michigan in Champaign. Williams threw for a combined 168 yards and 1 touchdown and 1 interception in the two losses. 
The Illini, however, turned it around in their next two games in victories over Ball St and Minnesota. Williams had perhaps his best game to that point vs Minnesota totaling over 300 yards on offense (203 passing, 133 rushing) and scoring 3 touchdowns (2 passing and 1 rushing).
Yet, the best was yet to come as Williams had what some consider his greatest game at Ohio Stadium versus the top ranked Buckeyes. Williams led Illinois to a 28–21 upset over Ohio State, its first win over a #1 ranked team since 1956. During this game he threw for 4 touchdowns and completed 12 passes of 22 attempts. He threw a total of 140 yards and rushed for 70 yards. Williams amassed over 350 yards of offense en route to a 41–22 victory over in state rival Northwestern in the regular season finale. Williams totaled over 2,200 yards of offense and scored 20 touchdowns, as he led the Illini to a 9–3 record and their first bowl berth since the 2002 Sugar Bowl. Illinois was selected to play against perennial power USC in the Rose Bowl, the Illini's first time playing in the Rose Bowl since 1984. Illinois would lose the game 49–17, with USC scoring 28 points off of 4 Illinois turnovers (2 interceptions and 2 fumbles on runs after completions. Williams threw for his highest passing yard total to date (245), but had no touchdown passes and 2 interceptions.
2008: Junior year.
Illinois entered the 2008 season ranked as the #20 team in the nation, despite the loss of Big Ten MVP Rashard Mendenhall. Williams and the Illini opened the season vs. Missouri, and despite one of the best passing games in Illinois history where Williams threw for 451 yards and 5 touchdowns, the Illini lost to 6th ranked Missouri 52–42. The Illini would pick up their first win of the season vs Eastern Illinois, where Williams amassed 174 yards rushing with 2 touchdowns in the 47–21 victory. Williams and the Illini struggled in a 20–17 victory over Louisiana-Lafayette, in which Williams amassed just over 180 yards of total offense. After a bye week (the first at Illinois under Ron Zook), the Illini traveled to Penn State and fell 38–24, with Juice passing for 183 yards and rushing for another 64. Illinois next traveled to Michigan and Juice amassed 431 yards of total offense (310 passing, 121 rushing, 4 total touchdowns), which is both the most total yards in Michigan Stadium history and the most given up by any Michigan team, as the Illini won 45–20. The Illini fell flat vs Minnesota the following week, losing 27–20 despite Williams throwing for a career-high of 462 yards along with 2 touchdowns. Williams had a solid game vs Indiana, passing for 271 yards and 4 total touchdowns.
2009: Senior year.
Illinois entered the 2009 season unranked. On August 3, 2009, Williams was named to the 2009 Davey O'Brien National Quarterback Award Watch List. Then On August 27, 2009, Williams was named to the 22-man watch list for the 2009 Johnny Unitas Golden Arm award, given to the nation's top senior signal-caller.
Williams was pulled out of a game against Ohio State for throwing 2 key interceptions. Coach Zook announced on October 5 that Juice will be benched in favor of Eddie McGee.
Williams and his Fighting Illini finished a losing 2009–2010 season on December 5, 2009, to Fresno State. During that game Juice Williams surpassed former Illini Jack Trudeau to become second in team history with 56 career touchdown passes.
Professional career.
Chicago Bears.
Williams went undrafted in the 2010 NFL draft. The Chicago Bears invited Williams to attend a rookie mini-camp tryout. The Bears already had Jay Cutler, Caleb Hanie, and rookie Dan LeFevour on the roster. During the offseason, Chicago also picked up Todd Collins and Matt Gutierrez. Williams did not receive any other invitations from professional teams.
On October 4, 2010, after a game against the New York Giants in which both starting QB Cutler and 2nd-stringer Todd Collins were knocked out of the game, Williams tweeted that the Bears had contacted him and that he was "high on [their] list." However, he was never added to the roster.
Chicago Slaughter.
From 2013 through 2014 Williams was a regular player for the Chicago Slaughter indoor football team.
Chicago Blitz.
When the Slaughter decided to sit out the 2014 season, Williams signed with the Chicago Blitz of the Continental Indoor Football League.
Central Penn Capitals.
In February 2016, Williams signed with the Central Penn Capitals of American Indoor Football (AIF).
Personal life.
In March 2014, Williams accepted a position as the University of Illinois' director of alumni and former player relations. In April 2015, Williams left Illinois to join the Georgetown athletic development staff to join his wife who accepted a job in Georgetown's law department. In 2017, Williams left Georgetown to become a financial advisor at Merrill Lynch's Washington, DC office, followed by a stint as a financial advisor at Northwestern Mutual. He is now CEO &amp; Partner of Audible Wealth Management, a financial advisory firm in Maryland. 

</doc>
<doc id="6940737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940737" title="Whitney Young, Jr.">
Whitney Young, Jr.



</doc>
<doc id="6940738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940738" title="United States Arctic Research Commission">
United States Arctic Research Commission

The United States Arctic Research Commission is a United States federal agency. It was established by the "Arctic Research and Policy Act" of 1984 (as amended, Public Law 101–609).
Duties.
The commission's principal duties are:
"The Arctic Research and Policy Act" was amended in 1990 to increase the number of Commissioners appointed by the President of the United States from five to seven voting members. Four members are from academic or research institutions; two members from private industry undertaking commercial activities in the Arctic; and one member from among the indigenous residents of the US Arctic. The Director of the National Science Foundation serves as an "ex officio" member.
Members.
The current members of the commission are as follows:
Staff.
The Commission staff consists of an executive director in Arlington County, Virginia, a Senior Staff Officer in Anchorage, Alaska, and an Administrative Officer in the Arlington office. The principal office of the commission is in Arlington and the Alaska office of the commission is located in Anchorage. Advisors are appointed by the commission on an "as needed" basis to provide information and advice on particular research needs and issues of concern to the commission, review draft documents of the commission and convey information of importance on the various scientific and engineering disciplines they represent.
External links.
The official website for the United States Arctic Research Commission is https://www.arctic.gov/

</doc>
<doc id="6940739" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940739" title="Sleek (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)">
Sleek (Dungeons &amp; Dragons)



</doc>
<doc id="6940740" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940740" title="Working holidays in Australia">
Working holidays in Australia

Working holidays in Australia is a program that enables eligible young people aged between 18 and 30 years (or 35 for some countries) to visit Australia and to supplement their travel funds through incidental employment. Forms of working holiday visas (today, Work and Holiday (subclass 462) and Working Holiday (subclass 417)) have existed since January 1975, designed to "promote international understanding by enabling young people to experience the culture of another country."
In the first year of the working holiday maker program, less than 2,000 working holiday visas were issued, but that figure has grown significantly. The International Visitor Survey by the Department of Immigration and Border Protection and Tourism Research Australia reports that 121,000 working holiday makers arrive in Australia every year as of December 2016, including 57,000 from the UK, 35,200 from Korea, and 33,600 from Germany. Between 1 July 2022 and 30 June 2023, 224,431 young people from around the world obtained a working holiday visa in Australia. However, this is not the most prolific season for the WHV Australia. Indeed, in 2012/2013, 258,248 young people from around the world obtained their visa for Australia. Top 10 nationalities with the most working holiday visas in Australia in 2022–2023:
These arrivals have a positive effect on the Australian economy estimated to spend more than $3 billion annually.
There are almost no limits to what employment a working holiday maker can undertake. While traditionally most of the jobs have been in hospitality or harvest work; many work in finance, education, health care and other industries. Working holiday visa holders are generally not covered by the Australian Medicare health insurance scheme, but they may have limited access because of a reciprocal agreement between Medicare and their home country.
Entitlements.
The visa allows a young visitor to stay in Australia for up to 12 months from the date of first entry to Australia, regardless of whether the visitor spends the whole time in Australia. The visa holder must validate the visa (enter Australia) within a year of issue. The holder may enter and leave Australia as often as they wish within the validity of the visa. Time spent outside of Australia is lost and cannot be re-claimed towards the one year validity period of the visa. Although the relevant visa sub classes allows the holder to work in Australia, Australian federal law restricts employment in the Australian Public Service to Australian citizens only. Non-Australian citizens may work as contractors to government, but cannot work directly for government in any capacity and must be eligible for any relevant security classifications required (which, paradoxically, requires Australian citizenship to be granted a security classification. Departmental heads of agencies can waive this requirement, however only in special circumstances).
The visa allows the visitor to work in Australia, but employment should be 'incidental' to travel and of a temporary or casual nature. People working in Australia on a working holiday visa are entitled to the same pay and work conditions as Australian residents and citizens. The cost of the visa is $635 (AUD).
Eligibility.
An Australian working holiday visa is available to overseas passport holders from countries with which Australia has a reciprocal agreement.
Other important conditions are that the person:
The application for the first working holiday visa must be made outside of Australia – in most cases this can be from anywhere outside Australia. However, the following passport holders must lodge their application in the country or region that issued their passport: Republic of Cyprus, Ecuador HKSAR (including British National Overseas), Japan, the Republic of Korea, Malta, and Taiwan. These countries have a few extra requirements.
As most working holiday visa agreements are based on reciprocity, Australian citizens can also obtain working holiday visas in any of the partner countries except China and Switzerland.
Other conditions.
Other conditions for the visa holder generally include:
Second working holiday visa.
An Australian working holiday visa is normally a one-year, once in a lifetime entitlement for eligible visitors. However, since 2005, working holiday visa holders can extend their stay in Australia by another year by applying for a second working holiday visa. The extension is available only to those who had worked as a seasonal worker in specified industries (primarily agricultural or in hospitality) in regional Australia for a minimum of three months during their first visa period. Applications for a second Australian working holiday visa can be made in or outside Australia.
Typical work to qualify for the second working holiday visa includes farming, pearling, construction and other specified work in a regional area. Backpackers on the working holiday visa have become an essential part of workforces in many farming communities due to the specified work requirement. However, specified work has become controversial. This is because some backpackers have claimed they have been mistreated on farms and lived in poor conditions in working hostels. In 2019, The Guardian reported the exploitation that some backpackers have endured such as: being paid as little as $4 an hour, working in unsafe and gruelling conditions and reports of sexual abuse. Many of these claims have been supported by empirical evidence. A study conducted in 2020 found that just under half (42.5%) of the sample of working holiday makers (n.573) had experienced exploitation during their working holiday, and that much of this exploitation had occurred during the specified work period. In response to the low pay, from 28 April 2022, it was announced that fruit pickers on farms who would usually be on a piece-rate agreement must be guaranteed a minimum hourly rate of $25.41.
From 1 July 2024, UK citizens will be exempt from the specified work requirement if they wish to apply for a second (or third) working holiday visa in Australia.
Third working holiday visa.
As of 1 July 2019, working holiday visa holders who undertake six months of specified work (for example: fruit picking or construction) in a specified regional area during their second year may be eligible for a third-year visa.

</doc>
<doc id="6940753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940753" title="Savage River (disambiguation)">
Savage River (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6940754" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940754" title="Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 2006–2009">
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly, 2006–2009

This is a list of members of the 52nd Legislative Assembly of Queensland from 2006 to 2009, as elected at the 2006 election held on 9 September 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="6940756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940756" title="911 (song)">
911 (song)



</doc>
<doc id="6940764" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940764" title="Kansas City, Kaw Valley and Western Railway">
Kansas City, Kaw Valley and Western Railway

The Kansas City, Kaw Valley and Western Railway was incorporated on July 28, 1909 in the State of Kansas and operated as an interurban electric railway that ran between the American cities of Lawrence, Kansas, and Kansas City, Missouri, between 1914 and 1963. Passenger service was eliminated on the Lawrence segment prior to its demise in 1949. The line between Kansas City, Kansas and Bonner Springs, Kansas remained an electric freight operation until 1963. Major portions of Kansas Highway 32 are built on the original roadbed.
The line was opened December 12, 1914 between Kansas City and Bonner Springs, Kansas. In 1916 the line extended to Lawrence. The line had 75 passenger station stops, and trains left Kansas City hourly between 5:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
In September 30, 1927 it was retired and succeeded by the Kansas City, Kaw Valley and Western Railroad Company.

</doc>
<doc id="6940765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940765" title="Major League Lacrosse LacrosseStar Game">
Major League Lacrosse LacrosseStar Game



</doc>
<doc id="6940766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940766" title="Order of battle for the Battle of Beiping-Tianjin">
Order of battle for the Battle of Beiping-Tianjin



</doc>
<doc id="6940768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940768" title="LacrosseStar Game">
LacrosseStar Game



</doc>
<doc id="6940769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940769" title="Steinbach am Attersee">
Steinbach am Attersee

Steinbach am Attersee is a municipality of the Vöcklabruck district in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. It is situated in the Hausruckviertel region on the eastern banks of the Attersee (Lake Atter), part of the Salzkammergut area.
History.
Once a Celtic settlement area of the Hallstatt culture, the parish church of Steinbach was first mentioned in a 1276 deed, then part of the Duchy of Austria. The hard-to-reach settlement at the lake's steep shore remained a branch of the church of Sankt Georgen im Attergau until 1781. The Late Gothic St Andrew's Church was erected from about 1410.
Attractions.
In Steinbach the composing hut of Gustav Mahler can be seen. Gustav Mahler composed here two symphonies and a dozen songs.
Politics.
Seats in the municipal assembly "(Gemeinderat)" as of 2015 elections:

</doc>
<doc id="6940774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940774" title="State Highway Route 25B (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route 25B (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940776" title="New Jersey State Highway Route 25B">
New Jersey State Highway Route 25B



</doc>
<doc id="6940777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940777" title="State Route 25B (New Jersey)">
State Route 25B (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940779" title="New Jersey Route 25B">
New Jersey Route 25B



</doc>
<doc id="6940781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940781" title="New Jersey State Route 25B">
New Jersey State Route 25B



</doc>
<doc id="6940783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940783" title="New Jersey State Highway 25B">
New Jersey State Highway 25B



</doc>
<doc id="6940786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940786" title="Fairly Oddparents Trivia">
Fairly Oddparents Trivia



</doc>
<doc id="6940794" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940794" title="Thiruvananthapuram Tourist spots">
Thiruvananthapuram Tourist spots



</doc>
<doc id="6940796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940796" title="Moses Taiwa Molelekwa">
Moses Taiwa Molelekwa

Moses Taiwa Molelekwa (17 April 1973 – 13 February 2001) was a South African jazz pianist.
Early life.
Moses Taiwa Molelekwa grew up in a family of jazz musicians. He was brought up in the town of Tembisa, situated in the province of Gauteng, South Africa. 
Career.
In the 1980s he played with Miriam Makeba, Jonas Gwangwa, and others. In 1988 Hugh Masekela asked him to join his bands and this period saw Molelekwa winning the first of several awards. His solo career began in 1994 with the debut album "Finding Oneself". By 1996 he had gained widespread attention as a solo artist, winning two FNB South Africa Music Awards for traditional jazz, and was heralded as the successor for the great Marabi piano tradition, following in the footsteps of the prolific Abdullah Ibrahim.
He also played outside South African tradition or society. He played at the North Sea Jazz Festival and worked with Brazilian singer Flora Purim on his second album. He also did work beyond jazz as a producer for the Kwaito group TKZee. Molelekwa named Herbie Hancock, Bheki Mseleku, and Abdullah Ibrahim as major influences on his music.
Death.
The following years saw other successes, but on 13 February 2001 he and his wife Florence "Flo" Mtoba were found dead. He had been hanged, while she had been strangled to death. They had an eight-year-old son at the time.
Publications.
Although Molelekwa has great acclaim from critics and musicians alike, little has been written about this pianist and composer. In 2021, author Phehello Mofokeng published a reflective essay entitled "A Note To Taiwa," which celebrates the music and legacy of Moses Taiwa Molelekwa.

</doc>
<doc id="6940801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940801" title="Peter Jackson's King Kong (video game)">
Peter Jackson's King Kong (video game)



</doc>
<doc id="6940804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940804" title="Larry Vincent">
Larry Vincent

Francis Fitzgerald "Larry" Vincent (June 14, 1924—March 8, 1975) was an American television horror host, famed for his character Seymour, who presented—and heckled—low-budget horror and science fiction movies on "Fright Night" on KHJ-TV and "Seymour's Monster Rally" on KTLA, both local stations in Los Angeles between 1969 and 1974. He was noted for his style of criticizing the movies he presented in an offbeat and funny manner, usually appearing in a small window which would pop up in the corner, tossing a quip, then vanishing again. Sometimes he would, using blue-screen, appear in the middle of the movie, apparently interacting with the characters in the movie.
Early career.
Born in Massachusetts as Francis Fitzgerald Vincent, Vincent was to star in several episodes of "The New Three Stooges" in 1965. He also had small roles on "Get Smart", "", "The Flying Nun", and "I Dream of Jeannie".
But before moving to Los Angeles, California, he was "Captain Starr" on WFBM in Indianapolis in the 1960s, as one of a trio of hosts, along with Harlow Hickenlooper and Curley Myers for children's programing, which showed the old "Three Stooges" shorts, as well as skits for an in-studio audience of children which usually ended up with pie-in-the face comedy and songs from the hosts. In 1968, he became staff director for KHJ-TV.
Horror host.
From 1969 to 1974 Vincent was the host for the horror shows "Fright Night" on KHJ-TV and "Seymour's Monster Rally" on KTLA.
Later years.
In addition to his television duties, Vincent served as Knott's Berry Farm's inaugural "Ghost Host," in 1973 at Knott's Scary Farm Halloween Haunt. Shortly after his shows ended, Vincent quickly succumbed to stomach cancer and died on March 9, 1975. He left behind four daughters, Diane, Valerie, Beth, Kathryn, and one son, Daniel. On at least occasion, Larry Vincent appeared at the University of California, Riverside campus for an all night sleep-in and science fiction movie festival.

</doc>
<doc id="6940810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940810" title="WDR Cologne">
WDR Cologne



</doc>
<doc id="6940811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940811" title="Leipzig Gewandhaus">
Leipzig Gewandhaus



</doc>
<doc id="6940814" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940814" title="Thomas Bulch">
Thomas Bulch

Thomas Edward Bulch (30 December 1862 – 13 November 1930) was an English-born Australian musician and composer.
Biography.
Bulch was born in New Shildon, Durham, one of thirteen children, living at 48 Adelaide Street, New Shildon. His father was a timekeeper at the Shildon Locomotive Works. On leaving school Thomas became apprenticed as a fitter at the same works. Both his father and uncles were bandsmen in local bands and it was not long before Thomas started to learn music. He started playing the piano, largely teaching himself, then with the help of his father moved on to brass instruments.
He showed a great aptitude for music in his early years and it was at the age of 12 that he joined a junior band formed by his uncle Mr. Dinsdale. The Dinsdale family, his mother's relatives, lived close to the Bulch Family in New Shildon. During this period with the junior band, Thomas started to compose music and at the age of 17 composed his first contest march, "The Typhoon". At the age of 19 he took over from his uncle, as bandmaster.
At the age of 21, Thomas migrated to Australia on the ship "Gulf of Venice". Friends had suggested he go there, as he would have good prospects in the music field. Thomas also had friends in Australia who finally influenced him to join them. It was further said that he came to Australia for health reasons.
Shortly after his arrival in Creswick, Thomas was asked to take control of the 3rd Battalion Band. It was with this band that he entered his first competition in 1886. This was at the "Creswick Miners Sports" where the band took first place. In about 1886 he was also bandmaster of the Ballarat Temperance Brass Band. Following a dispute with the Commanding Officer in 1886/7 Thomas resigned as bandmaster of the 3rd Battalion band. He then formed "Bulch's Model Band", a private band. Some of the bandsmen also resigned from the 3rd battalion band and joined him as members of the "Model Band".
His two sons both enlisted in the Australian armed forces during the First World War. Youngest son, Corporal John (Jack) Bulch served in France in the 22nd Battalion but returned to Australia in 1919 aboard the Chemnitz transport ship. Elder son Sergeant Thomas Edward Bulch Junior (Service number 1149) served in Alexandria, Gallipoli and was then killed in France in 1916.
Thomas died on 13 November 1930 at his home in the Sydney suburb of Mascot.
Music.
Thomas wrote music as a living. Apart from his need for income to support his family he had a great love for composing and spent much of his time at the piano working on his music. He wrote under many pseudonyms and it is difficult now to identify all his work. Some of the better known names he used are Godfrey Parker, Henri Laski, Pat Cooney and Eugene Lecosta. These are but a few of the names used. He also created arrangements for brass and military bands of the works of other composers; some from opera and the classics such as Meyerbeer, Weber and Rossini; others from the works of popular contemporary composers of his day such as Carl Volti (a pseudonym for Glaswegian violinist Archibald Milligan) and Charles le Thiere (a pseudonym for London-based composer and conductor Thomas Wilby Tomkins) occasionally leading to the names of such to be occasionally mistakenly conflated with that of Bulch himself.
He wrote and dedicated compositions to all the female members of his family. These were:
For his wife he dedicated the music and song “"My Darling Wife"” and a waltz “"My Polly"”
His eldest daughter Adeline had the compositions titled “"Little Dark Eyes"” and “"Adelina"” written for her.
His daughter, Myrtle May had a waltz “"Les Fleurs D’Australie"” (Flowers of Australia) dedicated to her.
The names of Myrtle and Adeline were combined to name a waltz “"Myrine"”.
His youngest daughter Alice had her name combined with that of her husband Norman (Johnson) to title a waltz “"Noralla"” and a mazurka using her name as the title, “"Alice Bertha"”.
The composition “"Craigielee"” composed by Thomas using the name Godfrey Parker is said to have a connection with the music of “"Waltzing Matilda"”. It has been written that a Christina MacPherson heard it being played at the Warrnambool Races in 1894. She later played it from memory in Queensland and Banjo Paterson put words to it.
Thomas was in contact with his wife's grandmother Elizabeth Paterson during her lifetime. She had emigrated to Australia and lived at Inglewood in Victoria. Her maiden name was Craigie and he composed and dedicated the march “"Craigielee"” to her as a tribute using the name Godfrey Parker as the composer. Thomas had made a practice of writing and dedicating music to all the female members of the family. In discussion with Adeline Bulch several years after her father's death she mentioned the soldiers returning from France whistling a popular song that she said was set to her father's music. This she identified as “"Waltzing Matilda"”. She also said that a woman had written to her father requesting permission to use the music, as she wanted to put words to it. Thomas had replied that he no longer had copyright of the music. It is widely thought that Thomas based Craigielee on James Barr's setting of Robert Tannahill's poem “"Thou Bonnie Wood o' Craigielee"” (now commonly spelled as “"Craigielea"”). The tune of “"Waltzing Matilda"” is similar to Barr's melody and to Bulch's composition.
Critical reception.
On the domestic scene, Thomas Bulch works were frequently played as far afield as Kalgoorlie His notoriety was used as a yardstick to compare other composers of his time His works were published in the United States and Britain His fame is reflected in eulogy. and beyond.
Thomas Bulch was considered a paragon for brass players
References.
A family history titled: “"Thomas Edward Bulch. Musician, A Family History"”, by Eric S. Tomkins, has been published and copies are lodged with the NSW State Library and the National Library in Canberra, which gives a fuller account of his life and history.

</doc>
<doc id="6940816" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940816" title="Zurich Tonhalle">
Zurich Tonhalle



</doc>
<doc id="6940823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940823" title="NDR Hamburg">
NDR Hamburg



</doc>
<doc id="6940825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940825" title="NHK Symphony">
NHK Symphony



</doc>
<doc id="6940830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940830" title="Bamberger Symphony">
Bamberger Symphony



</doc>
<doc id="6940836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940836" title="Gonzaga University School of Law">
Gonzaga University School of Law

The Gonzaga University School of Law (also known as Gonzaga Law or GU Law) is the professional school for the study of law at Gonzaga University. Established in 1912, the Jesuit-affiliated law school has been fully accredited by the American Bar Association since 1951, and is a member of the Association of American Law Schools. 
Situated on the southern edge of Gonzaga University's campus, the Gonzaga University School of Law building includes the Chastek Law Library, University Legal Assistance, and the Barbieri Courtroom. The school awards a Juris Doctor (J.D.) degree and an Accelerated Two-Year J.D. It also offers dual degrees—including the Juris Doctor and Master of Business Administration (J.D./MBA), the Juris Doctor and Master of Accountancy (J.D./M.Acc.), the Juris Doctor and Master of Science in Taxation (J.D./M.S.Tax) and the Juris Doctor and Master of Social Work (J.D./M.S.W.) The school's location in Spokane, Washington, the largest city in the Inland Northwest, allows students to take advantage of internships with private firms, government and not-for-profit agencies, and opportunities with both federal and state courts. Spokane is home to the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington within the appellate jurisdiction of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Alumni of the school practice in all 50 U.S. states, as well as various associated states and foreign countries.
Campus &amp; history.
Gonzaga University was established in 1887 as a private, Jesuit institution. By 1912, the leadership of the university opened a law school program. Founded on the motto "A First Class Law School, or None at All," Gonzaga University School of Law opened its doors on October 1, 1912. Two classrooms on the third floor of the Administration Building were provided for the law school. The school's first dean was Edward J. Cannon. In June 1915, Gonzaga University School of Law graduated its first law class of 13 students.
During the first half of the 20th century, the law school continued to expand its enrollment and curriculum, and by the 1960s, the school had outgrown its facilities. Gonzaga University President Father John Leary, S.J., acquired a nearby vacant grade school in July 1962 for the law school. The former Webster School was originally built in 1901, was the victim of a fire in 1945, and was subsequently restored as a trade school. The former Webster School would house the law school for the next thirty-eight years.
In the 1970s, the law school experienced explosive growth, and the law school building underwent several renovations. In 1974, it opened one of the country's first legal clinics. By the 1990s, the law school occupied the old Webster school along with several adjacent buildings. Under Dean John Clute, fundraising was begun to build a new law school building. The class of 2000 was the last to graduate from the old law building. In late May 2000, the new Gonzaga University School of Law building, located on the banks of the Spokane River, opened its doors. The new building is , and was completed at a cost of $18.5 million. The Law School houses the Barbieri Courtroom which has been used on multiple occasions by both the Washington Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit to hear oral arguments. It also houses the large Chastek Law Library, which houses more than 380,000 volumes and is part of the Federal Depository Library Program. In 2012, the law school celebrated its centennial.
Admissions.
In 2019, the school enrolled 140 students in the 1L class (first-year students). The median GPA was 3.41 and the median LSAT score was 154.
Underrepresented ethnic minorities comprised 16 percent of the 1L class. In 2017, "The National Jurist" magazine's pre-law magazine named GU Law the #3 Top School for Latter-day Saint students and the #6 Most Devout Catholic Law School. GU Law consistently ranks within the top five schools for Latter-day Saint students and the top ten schools for devout Catholic students. It is also a Law School Admission Council (LSAC) Diversity Matters: Top 10 school.
Ranking and honors.
"U.S. News &amp; World Report" ranked Gonzaga University School of Law: 
"The National Jurist" ranked Gonzaga University School of Law:
Recent editions of "The Princeton Review" ranked Gonzaga University School of Law:
"Moody's Employment Rankings" ranked Gonzaga University School of Law:
Gonzaga Law has also received national recognition as supporting one of the most innovative law school curricula in the U.S. The school was one of ten schools awarded a Diversity Matters Award from the Law School Admissions Council for its diversity outreach efforts in 2013.
Degree programs.
Juris Doctor (JD) program.
Most of the students at Gonzaga University School of Law are enrolled in the Juris Doctor (JD) program. JD students are required to take 90 semester hours of credit in order to graduate. The traditional J.D. program includes two years of legal research and writing classes, although students are allowed to choose between three capstone writing courses (Advanced Advocacy, Drafting for Litigation, and Transactional Drafting). Doctrinal classes include Civil Procedure, Contracts, Property, Torts, Criminal Law, Constitutional Law, Evidence, and Professional Responsibility. Students are also expected to take two Skills and Professionalism Labs, one using rules of Civil Procedure and Torts to teach practical litigation skills and another using Contracts and Property to teach practical transactional skills. All third-year students earn at least six credits in either the school's clinic or its externship program. In addition to their substantive coursework, many second and third-year students participate in moot court, a scholarly publication, a clinic, or an externship. The school does not offer a part-time program, although students with approval may take a reduced credit load for good cause, or based on extraordinary circumstances. Students with an international undergraduate degree in law may be eligible to transfer some of their credits and complete a J.D. degree in two years or less.
Accelerated Juris Doctor program.
Gonzaga University School of Law also offers a Two-Year Accelerated Juris Doctor program designed for students who are self-motivated, diligent, and industrious. Accelerated JD students are still required to take 90 semester hours of credit in order to graduate but may do so in twenty-four calendar months—taking full loads during summers. .
Fast-Track Juris Doctor/Undergraduate Degree 3+3 program.
Eastern Washington University students of all majors who maintain a grade-point average of 3.3 or higher, may apply during their junior year for acceptance to Gonzaga University School of Law's 3+3 program. If accepted, students may obtain their bachelor's degree and law degrees in six years rather than the usual seven (first-year law courses would count toward remaining requirements of undergraduate degrees). The program is also available for students transferring from Whitworth University's political science department.
Joint Degree programs.
For students interested in a more general interdisciplinary course of study, the School of Law offers four joint degree programs (usually completed in four years, as opposed to three for a standard JD):
In 2019, Eastern Washington University and Gonzaga University School of Law announced the EWU-GU Legal Education Collaboration Committee to identify and explore the creation of potential legal education programs to enhance EWU student opportunities to access GU Law programs and services, including exploration of the possibility of establishing JD-MPH and a JD-MPA programs.
Bar passage rates.
The American Bar Association's 2018 Bar Passage Outcomes Report, found that 96.58% of 2015 graduates had passed a bar exam within two years of graduation (placing the school in the top 30 schools out of 213 nationally). Graduates averaged a passage rate of between 75 and 100% on the Washington Bar Exam (a Uniform Bar Examination) over recent years, consistently performing above the state average on the Washington Bar Exam. In February 2016, 100% of Gonzaga Law students taking the Washington bar exam for the first time passed. The ABA found that 91% of 2017 graduates ultimately passed the bar exam.
Post-graduation employment.
According to Gonzaga Law's official 2016 ABA-required disclosures, 69% of the Class of 2016 obtained full-time, long-term, bar passage-required employment nine months after graduation, excluding solo-practitioners. Total employment for the Class of 2016 was 89.8% while 5.4% were pursuing graduate degrees and 10% were unemployed nine months graduation.
GU Law's Law School Transparency under-employment score is 22.2%, indicating the percentage of the Class of 2015 unemployed, pursuing an additional degree, or working in a non-professional, short-term, or part-time job nine months after graduation.
Costs.
The total cost of yearly attendance (indicating the cost of tuition, fees, and living expenses) at Gonzaga Law is estimated as $53,287.
The Law School Transparency estimated debt-financed cost of attendance for three years is $202,601.
Clinical program.
The law school includes the Gonzaga Center for Law and Justice, a not-for-profit University Legal Assistance clinical program. Clinic students represent clients who are residents of the Spokane area, require legal representation, and who are without the means to hire a traditional lawyer. The structure of the Clinic is modeled after a large law firm, and the Clinic specializes in family law, elder law, immigration law, civil rights, disability rights, and criminal defense. Students control their own case loads, and represent clients in court under the supervision of law school faculty, and with limited licenses to practice law. Students work 40 billable hours for each clinic credit hour.
The clinical programs available include:
Journals.
The law school currently publishes two legal journals. Student staff members are selected based on a writing competition, editing competition, and first-year grades, or a publishable note or comment on a legal topic.
The Washington &amp; Lee University Impact Factor Ranking places the GU Law Review within its top 100 law journals.
William O. Douglas Lecture Series.
The law school hosts an annual lecture series for the purpose of promoting a strong commitment to the freedoms of speech, religion, and assembly protected by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution. The lecture series features distinguished individuals who share this strong commitment to the First Amendment. Guest speakers have included a variety of prominent jurists and participants in First Amendment related cases, including U.S. Supreme Court Justices William O. Douglas (1972, inaugural speaker), William H. Rehnquist (1976), Byron R. White (1982), Arthur Goldberg (1983), Antonin Scalia (1994), and landmark case petitioner John Tinker (2019).
Notable people.
Alumni.
The law school's alumni actively practice in all 50 states in the nation and include U.S. Judges, a U.S. Senator, former U.S. Congressmen, and current and former U.S. Attorneys. Alumni also include four sitting state supreme court justices, a former Governor of Washington, state attorneys general in several states, CEOs for multi-million dollar companies, and a NASCAR Champion.

</doc>
<doc id="6940839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940839" title="Lloydstsb">
Lloydstsb



</doc>
<doc id="6940842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940842" title="Queensland Youth Symphony">
Queensland Youth Symphony



</doc>
<doc id="6940844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940844" title="Nick Masset">
Nick Masset

Nicholas Allen Masset (born May 17, 1982) is an American former professional baseball pitcher, who played for the Texas Rangers, Chicago White Sox, Cincinnati Reds, Colorado Rockies, Miami Marlins, and Atlanta Braves of Major League Baseball (MLB). He attended Pinellas Park High School.
Career.
Texas Rangers.
Masset was drafted in the eighth round (244th overall) of the 2000 Major League Baseball draft by the Texas Rangers. He had UCL replacement surgery in March of his senior year prior to the draft. Masset was a draft and follow and played for the St. Petersburg Jr College Trojans for one season before signing with the Rangers on May 28, 2001. Masset had minor league stints with the Single-A Stockton Ports, Double-A Frisco RoughRiders and Triple-A Oklahoma RedHawks prior to his first call-up in June .
Chicago White Sox.
Masset was traded to the Chicago White Sox on December 23, 2006, along with John Danks and Jacob Rasner for Brandon McCarthy and David Paisano.
Cincinnati Reds.
On July 31, , Masset, along with infielder Danny Richar, was traded to the Cincinnati Reds for Ken Griffey Jr. After the trade, Masset appeared in 10 games for the Reds, going 1–0 with an ERA of 2.08 in innings. The 2009 season saw Masset going 5–1 in 76 innings with an earned run average of 2.37 in 74 games. In 2010, Masset went 4–4 in innings with an ERA of 3.40 in a career-high 82 appearances. In 2011, Masset made 75 appearances and went 3–6 in innings to an ERA of 3.71. At the start of the 2012 season, Masset was sidelined with a right shoulder injury and was placed on the disabled list. He would not pitch all year before having surgery on September 7 to repair a torn anterior capsule. Masset was expected to be ready for the start of the 2013 season but would again miss the entire season. Masset had surgery to correct thoracic outlet syndrome.
Colorado Rockies.
Masset agreed to a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies for the 2014 season. He was called up on May 5, relieving for the first time in two years. On June 17, Masset was suspended for three games following an incident against Atlanta in which he was ejected for throwing at Evan Gattis. Masset elected not to appeal the suspension and began serving it on June 17. He finished the season 2–0 with a 5.80 ERA in 51 appearances.
Miami Marlins.
Masset signed a minor league contract with the Miami Marlins on January 13, 2015. He was released on March 31 and re-signed the next day. He was recalled on April 21. Masset was designated for assignment on May 17 to make room for starting pitcher Henderson Alvarez, who was coming off the disabled list.
Atlanta Braves.
On May 19, 2015, Masset signed a contract with the Atlanta Braves. He was designated for assignment along with Dana Eveland on July 5 to create room for David Carpenter whose contract was purchased and Arodys Vizcaino who was activated from the restricted list.
Washington Nationals.
On December 14, 2015, Masset signed a minor league deal with the Washington Nationals. He announced his retirement on July 11, 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="6940851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940851" title="Waihou/Thames River">
Waihou/Thames River



</doc>
<doc id="6940860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940860" title="František Kocžwara">
František Kocžwara



</doc>
<doc id="6940863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940863" title="Francis Kotzwara">
Francis Kotzwara



</doc>
<doc id="6940869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940869" title="Isezakichō">
Isezakichō

 is a district of Naka Ward in Yokohama, Japan, consisting mainly of the . The shopping street is long, running from in the northeast, to in the southwest, approximately parallel to the course of the Ōoka River.
Destinations.
Isezaki Mall is a special designation given to the and portions only, which is a car-free zone. The largest shops and businesses are in the Isezaki Mall area in the northeast end, closer to Kannai Station. As you walk along the Isezakicho Shopping Street towards 7-chōme in the southwest end, the shops become gradually smaller and the pedestrian traffic tapers off. On the other end, walking past the northeast end of the pedestrian zone, passing Kannai Station, the street continues into the Bashamichi Street.
The site of Isezaki Mall was created by a project that filled in a small bay which started in 1656 and was completed in 1667, creating an island named Yoshida Shinden connected by bridges to the rest of Yokohama. After the Convention of Kanagawa was signed in 1854, Yokohama became one of the first treaty ports, established in 1859, and additional land reclamation projects expanded the site to its present size. Initially, foreign settlements were established in the eastern part, named Kannai, separated from the western areas by a gate; Kannai was connected to the port via the Yoshida-bashi Bridge, completed in 1869 by Richard Henry Brunton as Japan's first Western-style iron bridge.
Until the 1960s, Isezakicho was the only large shopping area in Yokohama catering to local residents. Since then, Motomachi and the Yokohama Station area have grown in popularity. Motomachi had previously catered mainly to foreign residents, while the Yokohama Station developed into a large shopping area only in the 1970s. Today, Isezakicho continues to be one of the major shopping areas of Yokohama.
In media.
A fictionalized version of Isezakichō, named Isezaki Ijincho, is featured in the "Like a Dragon" video game series. It debuted in ', and was subsequently featured in "Lost Judgment", ', and "".
In the game, Isezaki Ijincho collectively encompasses the area around the pedestrian portion of Isezaki Mall (as "Isezaki Road"), Chinatown, Kannai Station, and Yamashita Park (as "Hamakita Park"); waterfront views from Hamakita Park include a view of Minato Mirai 21 and its landmarks, but that area is not included.
Education.
The operates public elementary and junior high schools.
1-4 chome are zoned to Honcho Elementary School (), while 5-7 chome are zoned to Azuma Elementary School (東小学校). 1-4 chome are also zoned to Yokohama Yoshida Junior High School (), while Azuma feeds into Oimatsu Junior High School ().
Transportation.
Isezakichō is served by the following rail stations:

</doc>
<doc id="6940871" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940871" title="A Book of Kings and Queens">
A Book of Kings and Queens



</doc>
<doc id="6940872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940872" title="Bra sizing">
Bra sizing



</doc>
<doc id="6940873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940873" title="Isezakicho Shopping Street">
Isezakicho Shopping Street



</doc>
<doc id="6940874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940874" title="Father Ray Mukada">
Father Ray Mukada



</doc>
<doc id="6940875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940875" title="Isezaki Shopping Street">
Isezaki Shopping Street



</doc>
<doc id="6940876" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940876" title="Petsitting">
Petsitting



</doc>
<doc id="6940877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940877" title="Isezaki Mall">
Isezaki Mall



</doc>
<doc id="6940878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940878" title="XHTML+SMIL">
XHTML+SMIL

XHTML+SMIL is a W3C Note that describes an integration of SMIL semantics with XHTML and CSS. It is based generally upon the HTML+TIME submission. The language is also known as HTML+SMIL.
The XHTML+SMIL language profile shares many modules with the standard SMIL language profiles, including the core modules of timing, media objects, linking, animation, transitions and content control. Where the other SMIL profiles use a language-specific layout model, XHTML+SMIL leverages the HTML flow layout and CSS positioning model familiar to many web authors. The semantics of integrating SMIL animation with the CSS model were also adopted in SVG.
XHTML+SMIL was issued as a W3C Note rather than a recommendation as there was only one implementation of the language profile (in MSIE).

</doc>
<doc id="6940887" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940887" title="Old Queen's campus">
Old Queen's campus



</doc>
<doc id="6940908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940908" title="Ruth Manning Sanders">
Ruth Manning Sanders



</doc>
<doc id="6940909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940909" title="Jonas Gwangwa">
Jonas Gwangwa

Jonas Mosa Gwangwa (19 October 1937 – 23 January 2021) was a South African jazz musician, songwriter and producer. He was an important figure in South African jazz for over 40 years.
Life and career.
Gwangwa was born in Orlando East, Soweto on 19 October 1937. He first gained prominence playing trombone with The Jazz Epistles. After the short-lived group broke up, he continued to be important to the South African music scene and then later abroad.
In the 1960s, he began to gain recognition in the United States, and in 1965 he was featured in a "Sound Of Africa" concert at Carnegie Hall. The others at the concert included South African musicians Miriam Makeba, Hugh Masekela, and Letta Mbulu. Despite his international fame, he was not seen favourably by the apartheid government, and went into exile in the 1970s.
Initially exiled to the United States, Gwangwa spent the late 1970s and a better part of the 1980s living in Gaborone, Botswana, where he founded the band Shakawe that included South African musicians Steve Dyer, Dennis Mpale, Tony Cedras and local Botswana musicians Rampholo Molefhe, Whyte Kgopo, Bonjo Keipedile, Tsholofelo Giddie and Japie Phiri. During his time in Gaborone, Gwangwa got involved in the MEDU Art Ensemble, a collection of anti-apartheid musicians, visual artists, and writers, working alongside other Botswana-based South African exiles such as Keorapetse Kgositsile, Baleka Mbeta, Tim Williams, Thami Mnyele and Mongane Wally Serote. During the 14 June 1985 apartheid South African Defence Force cross-border Raid on Gaborone, which killed MEDU members Mnyele, Mike Hamlyn and ten others, as well as bombing a house recently vacated by MEDU leader Williams, Gwangwa believed he and other artistic exiles were being targeted by the apartheid government and returned to overseas exile.
From 1980 to 1990, at the request of ANC leader in exile, Oliver Tambo, Gwangwa was the leader of Amandla, the cultural ensemble of the African National Congress. Gwangwa assembled Amandla participants from exiled South Africans in Angola and toured more than 40 countries with 'Amandla the musical,' a story of South Africa's struggle against apartheid told in artistic musical form.
In later life, he became important as a composer doing the scores of films like "Cry Freedom" (1987) and, at the 60th Annual Academy Awards in 1988, he performed his nominated song "Cry Freedom." Also, in 1988, he performed at the Nelson Mandela 70th Birthday Tribute in Wembley Stadium. In 1991, he returned to South Africa and in 1997 composed the theme for the country's Olympic bid.
Gwangwa is paid tribute as the subject of the composition "Portrait of Mosa Gwangwa" by Johnny Dyani, which appeared on Dyani's album "Angolian Cry".
Gwangwa died due to cardiac complications on 23 January 2021, at the age of 83.

</doc>
<doc id="6940910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940910" title="Hakea laurina">
Hakea laurina

Hakea laurina is a shrub or small tree commonly known as kodjet or pin-cushion hakea and is endemic to Western Australia. The Noongar name for the plant is "kodjet" or "kojet". It has red and cream conspicuous globular flowers and lance shaped leaves. 
Description.
"Hakea laurina" is an upright shrub or small tree with smooth grey bark, high, wide and does not form a lignotuber. The inflorescence consists of 120-190 conspicuous white, deep pink or red pin cushion shaped flowers in the leaf axils. The pedicels are long and smooth. The perianth is dark pink to red, the pistil long, cream-white or occasionally red or dark pink. The flower buds are enclosed in scale-like bracts. Flowering occurs from April to July. The leaves are simple, slightly blue green, flat, smooth, margins entire, lance or egg-shaped and taper to a blunt point at the tip. The leaves are arranged alternately along the branches, long, wide on a stem long and narrowing at the base. The fruit are in clusters of 1-10 per axil, long, wide, egg-shaped, smooth, occasionally with rough pitting and ending in a short beak. 
Taxonomy and naming.
"Hakea laurina" was first formally described in 1830 by Robert Brown and the description was published in "Supplementum primum prodromi florae Novae Hollandiae". The specific epithet is derived from the Latin "laurus" with reference to the resemblance of the leaves to laurel.
Distribution.
Pincushion hakea is endemic to the coastal southwest of Western Australia, the northernmost range being Narrogin and extending east to Esperance.
The habitat is often sandplains, sometimes occurring on sandy clay; most recorded specimens are in the southern districts of its botanical province. Introduced populations are known to exist on Kangaroo Island and in the Mount Lofty Ranges in South Australia.
Cultivation.
The plant, which is propagated from seeds, is used in cultivation in the eastern states of Australia, and as a hedging or street plant in America and Italy. Adaptable to a number of soil types, the plant is also tolerant of frost. The uses of this species include ornament and shading in public streets, wildlife habitat, windbreaks, and control of soil erosion.
Conservation status.
"Hakea laurina" is listed as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species due to a suspected decline of at least 30% over the past three generations of the species, mainly due to land clearing for agriculture. The remnant subpopulations along road verges are threatened by further clearance for road maintenance, as well as weed invasion, pollution from phosphate fertilizers used in farming and altered fire regimes resulting in insufficient fire frequency.
The species is found within the protected areas of Cape Arid National Park, Fitzgerald River National Park, Stirling Range National Park and Lake Magenta Nature Reserve. Additional conservation actions required for the species include maintaining and managing threats of the populations along road verges, as well as regular monitoring of populations.

</doc>
<doc id="6940911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940911" title="IEEE P1394">
IEEE P1394



</doc>
<doc id="6940916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940916" title="Kelbadjar">
Kelbadjar



</doc>
<doc id="6940918" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940918" title="Alexander Preston Shaw">
Alexander Preston Shaw

Alexander Preston Shaw (April 8, 1879 – March 7, 1966) was notable as an African-American pastor, editor, and bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church and the Methodist Church. He was elected and consecrated to the episcopacy in 1936. Shaw held the distinction of being the first African-American bishop of the Methodist Church (at the age of 71) to preside full-time over a predominantly white Annual Conference: the Southern California-Arizona Conference (in 1950, coincidentally the 100th annual meeting of this body), which met that year at the University of Redlands.
Birth and family.
Alexander was born 18 April 1879 in Abbeville in northern Mississippi. He was the eighth of eleven children of the Reverend Duncan Preston and Maria (née Petty) Shaw. Alexander's parents were ex-slaves; his father also an ordained minister in the Methodist Episcopal Church, as was Alexander's elder brother, J. Beverly F. Shaw. Alexander married Lottye Blanche Simon March 29, 1911. They had children Alexander Preston Jr., Bernard Johnson, twins Lena Anita and Bessie Elaine, Helen Marguerite, and Wilbur Allen.
Education.
Alexander Sr. earned the A.B. degree from Rust College in 1902. He then earned the B.D. degree from Gammon Theological Seminary in 1906. He also did graduate work at Boston University.
Ordained and editorial ministry.
Shaw originally planned a career as a public school teacher. But he was received on trial in 1908 by the Washington Annual Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church. He was ordained an elder and received into full connection in 1910. Reverend Shaw distinguished himself as a pastor serving the following appointments: Westminster, Maryland (1908–09); Harrisburg, Pennsylvania (1909–11); Winchester, Virginia (1911–15); Little Rock, Arkansas (1915-17); and the Wesley Chapel Methodist Church in Los Angeles (1917–31). He also was a member of the 1928 General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
Shaw also distinguished himself as the elected editor of the "Southwestern Christian Advocate", an important periodical of his denomination. His term of service as editor lasted from 1931 until 1936, during which time he built up the paper from a circulation of about 5,000 to 9,000. Publication was headquartered in New Orleans. He also contributed numerous articles on religious subjects to a variety of publications. Shaw also was a Mason.
Episcopal ministry.
Shaw was elected to the episcopacy of the Methodist Episcopal Church and consecrated a bishop (the highest office in the Methodist ministry) by the 1936 General Conference. Shaw was assigned to the New Orleans episcopal area (1936–40), and then to the Baltimore Episcopal Area of the Central Jurisdiction of the Methodist Church (1940–52). As resident bishop of the Baltimore Area, he served as the presiding bishop of the Delaware, East Tennessee, North Carolina, and Washington, D.C. Annual Conferences of the Central Jurisdiction. These conferences together included some 1,300 African American Methodist churches and about 100,000 church members.
Shaw also served on the so-called "Committee of Twenty-eight", the Board of Education, the Board of Missions, the Board of Temperance, and the Committee on World Peace. His office while bishop of the Baltimore Area was located at 1206 Etting Street, Baltimore 17. His home was at 828 North Carrollton Avenue, Baltimore.
As pastor/preacher.
Described by "Time" magazine (in its 26 June 1950 issue) as "tall" (6 ft 3 in; 190 cm), Shaw also was well-poised. When he was appointed to Winchester, Virginia, he found the second-floor ceiling of his parsonage too low for him. When he solved this problem by persuading his congregation to rent him another house, while leasing the parsonage "to a much shorter man", newspapers in the Washington and New York areas delightedly picked up the story, causing the Reverend Shaw "a good deal of embarrassment".
Nevertheless, Shaw was a brilliant preacher. His specialty was his urgent appeal to youth. Speaking of the Wesley Chapel Methodist Episcopal Church in Los Angeles, the city's fifth largest, Shaw said, "My Church was not filled with bald-headed people. We had regularly as many as 200 to 300 youngsters attending services." Reportedly, he would occasionally bring an outstanding boy or girl into the pulpit with him, to lecture on how the church could be made even more interesting to young people.
Advocate for his race.
Shaw was also reported by "Time" magazine as "consistently advocat[ing] self-improvement and development for his race." This was distinguished from "the rough, wild way of pressure groups trying to stamp out anti-Negro activities." Shaw held that "a sufficient amount of real excellence – as has been achieved by Marian Anderson and Dr. Carver and Jackie Robinson – is the surest way." Above all, said "Time", "[Bishop Shaw] believe[s] that Negroes should observe the rule he himself has followed with such conspicuous success: "take on responsibilities"." Said Shaw:
If you don't have responsibilities, you don't grow strong enough to handle them.
Honorary degrees.
Shaw was honored by Philander Smith College in 1916 with the Doctor of Divinity degree. Rust College did the same in 1920, as did Gammon Theological Seminary (D.D., 1924). Boston University awarded the D.D. in 1937. Rust College also awarded Shaw the LL.D. in 1937.
Retirement, death and burial.
Shaw retired in 1952 from the active episcopacy of the Methodist Church. He was, however, called out of retirement in 1953 to again serve part of the New Orleans Area following the death of Bishop Robert Nathaniel Brooks. Shaw served the rest of that quadrennium (1952–56) in this position.
Shaw died on March 7, 1966. He is buried in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="6940919" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940919" title="NJ 25B">
NJ 25B



</doc>
<doc id="6940923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940923" title="Kansas City and Olathe Electric Railway">
Kansas City and Olathe Electric Railway

The Kansas City and Olathe Electric Railway was a electric interurban rail line between Kansas City, Missouri, and Olathe, Kansas. When it began operation in 1908, it ran from Rosedale, southwest through South Park to Merriam, then west to Shawnee. The road was abandoned in 1934.
It was also known as the Kansas City, Lawrence and Topeka Railway (because it originally was supposed to go to those cities), the Hocker's Grove Line for developer Richard W. Hocker (it now is usually referred to as the Hocker Line) and the Kansas City, Merriam and Shawnee Line (it was to stir development in Merriam and Shawnee, Kansas).

</doc>
<doc id="6940924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940924" title="NJ-25B">
NJ-25B



</doc>
<doc id="6940926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940926" title="Kansas City-Merriam-Shawnee Railroad">
Kansas City-Merriam-Shawnee Railroad



</doc>
<doc id="6940929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940929" title="Kansas City, Lawrence and Topeka Railroad Company">
Kansas City, Lawrence and Topeka Railroad Company



</doc>
<doc id="6940930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940930" title="Hocker's Grove Line">
Hocker's Grove Line



</doc>
<doc id="6940931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940931" title="State Highway Route 25M (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route 25M (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940932" title="Hocker Line">
Hocker Line



</doc>
<doc id="6940933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940933" title="New Jersey State Highway Route 25M">
New Jersey State Highway Route 25M



</doc>
<doc id="6940934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940934" title="Kansas City, Merriam and Shawnee Line">
Kansas City, Merriam and Shawnee Line



</doc>
<doc id="6940936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940936" title="State Route 25M (New Jersey)">
State Route 25M (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940938" title="New Jersey Route 25M">
New Jersey Route 25M



</doc>
<doc id="6940939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940939" title="Kansas City, Lawrence and Topeka Electric Railroad">
Kansas City, Lawrence and Topeka Electric Railroad



</doc>
<doc id="6940940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940940" title="New Jersey State Route 25M">
New Jersey State Route 25M



</doc>
<doc id="6940941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940941" title="Ancient See of Odense">
Ancient See of Odense



</doc>
<doc id="6940942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940942" title="New Jersey State Highway 25M">
New Jersey State Highway 25M



</doc>
<doc id="6940945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940945" title="Kansas City – Kaw Valley Railroad">
Kansas City – Kaw Valley Railroad



</doc>
<doc id="6940946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940946" title="Bishopric of Odense">
Bishopric of Odense



</doc>
<doc id="6940948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940948" title="NJ 25M">
NJ 25M



</doc>
<doc id="6940950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940950" title="NJ-25M">
NJ-25M



</doc>
<doc id="6940952" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940952" title="State Highway Route 25T (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route 25T (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940955" title="New Jersey State Highway Route 25T">
New Jersey State Highway Route 25T



</doc>
<doc id="6940958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940958" title="State Route 25T (New Jersey)">
State Route 25T (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940961" title="New Jersey Route 25T">
New Jersey Route 25T



</doc>
<doc id="6940963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940963" title="New Jersey State Route 25T">
New Jersey State Route 25T



</doc>
<doc id="6940965" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940965" title="New Jersey State Highway 25T">
New Jersey State Highway 25T



</doc>
<doc id="6940967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940967" title="NJ 25T">
NJ 25T



</doc>
<doc id="6940969" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940969" title="NJ-25T">
NJ-25T



</doc>
<doc id="6940978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940978" title="Route 27-28 Connecting Link (New Jersey)">
Route 27-28 Connecting Link (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940980" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940980" title="State Highway Route 27-28 Connecting Link (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route 27-28 Connecting Link (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940981" title="New Jersey State Highway Route 27-28 Connecting Link">
New Jersey State Highway Route 27-28 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6940984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940984" title="State Route 27-28 Connecting Link (New Jersey)">
State Route 27-28 Connecting Link (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6940986" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940986" title="Marlon wayons">
Marlon wayons



</doc>
<doc id="6940988" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940988" title="1878 Papal conclave">
1878 Papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6940989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940989" title="New Jersey Route 27-28 Connecting Link">
New Jersey Route 27-28 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6940991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940991" title="New Jersey State Route 27-28 Connecting Link">
New Jersey State Route 27-28 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6940996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6940996" title="The Joiners, Southampton">
The Joiners, Southampton



</doc>
<doc id="6941002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941002" title="New Jersey State Highway 27-28 Connecting Link">
New Jersey State Highway 27-28 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941003" title="1846 Papal conclave">
1846 Papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6941007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941007" title="1878 papal conclave">
1878 papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6941009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941009" title="NJ 27-28 Connecting Link">
NJ 27-28 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941015" title="NJ-27-28 Connecting Link">
NJ-27-28 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941017" title="Pin-cushion Hakea">
Pin-cushion Hakea



</doc>
<doc id="6941018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941018" title="Scott McGregor (basketball)">
Scott McGregor (basketball)

Scott McGregor (born 5 February 1976) is an Australian former professional basketball player.
Born in Newcastle, New South Wales, McGregor attended the Australian Institute of Sport from 1994 to 1995.
He began his NBL career with the Newcastle Falcons, where he won the NBL Rookie of the Year award. In 1997, McGregor played in the Australian Under 22's team that won a gold medal in the FIBA World Championships in Melbourne. McGregor was one of many future NBL stars, including Chris Anstey, Sam Mackinnon and Frank Drmic, to suit up in the team. After the 1997 NBL season, McGregor moved to the Sydney Kings where he would play until 2000, making the switch to Sydney's cross-town rivals. On 5 April 2007, McGregor left the struggling Razorbacks to become the first player signed by the Gold Coast Blaze.
Since leaving the NBL in 2009, he has played in the Waratah League and the Queensland Basketball League. He retired in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="6941020" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941020" title="Pamela Churchill Harriman">
Pamela Churchill Harriman



</doc>
<doc id="6941021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941021" title="Pin-cushion hakea">
Pin-cushion hakea



</doc>
<doc id="6941024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941024" title="Clan Gregor Society Pipe Band">
Clan Gregor Society Pipe Band



</doc>
<doc id="6941025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941025" title="Pin cushion Hakea">
Pin cushion Hakea



</doc>
<doc id="6941026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941026" title="NIGHTRIDER SERVICE">
NIGHTRIDER SERVICE



</doc>
<doc id="6941027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941027" title="International polytechnic high school">
International polytechnic high school



</doc>
<doc id="6941028" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941028" title="Route 28-29 Connecting Link (New Jersey)">
Route 28-29 Connecting Link (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6941031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941031" title="State Highway Route 28-29 Connecting Link (New Jersey)">
State Highway Route 28-29 Connecting Link (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6941032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941032" title="Pin cushion hakea">
Pin cushion hakea



</doc>
<doc id="6941033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941033" title="New Jersey State Highway Route 28-29 Connecting Link">
New Jersey State Highway Route 28-29 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941034" title="State Route 28-29 Connecting Link (New Jersey)">
State Route 28-29 Connecting Link (New Jersey)



</doc>
<doc id="6941037" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941037" title="New Jersey Route 28-29 Connecting Link">
New Jersey Route 28-29 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941040" title="New Jersey State Route 28-29 Connecting Link">
New Jersey State Route 28-29 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941041" title="İsgəndər Məcid oğlu Həmidov">
İsgəndər Məcid oğlu Həmidov



</doc>
<doc id="6941043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941043" title="Iskander Medjid oglu Hamidov">
Iskander Medjid oglu Hamidov



</doc>
<doc id="6941045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941045" title="Yuki Kaijura">
Yuki Kaijura



</doc>
<doc id="6941047" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941047" title="Newcastle Rugby League">
Newcastle Rugby League

The Newcastle Rugby League is a local rugby league football competition in Newcastle, Australia. It is one of the oldest rugby league competitions in Australia, founded in 1910. A Newcastle representative team was also assembled from players in the League during most of the 20th century. The first grade competition also comprises the NSWRL Presidents Cup Northern Conference.
History.
The original franchise from Newcastle competed in the inaugural Sydney Rugby League premiership of 1908 but withdrew after the 1909 season to form the local competition under the banner of the Northern Branch of the NSWRL.
The four original teams were Central Newcastle (Blue &amp; White), North Newcastle (Light &amp; Dark Blue vertical stripes), South Newcastle (Red &amp; White) and West Newcastle (Red &amp; Green). The season kicked off 14 May 1910 with South playing West and Central playing Northern Suburbs. South Newcastle finished the season on top of the ladder; the final was played in front of 2500 spectators at Hamilton League Ground, with Central overcoming South 13–4.
The 1911 season saw the previous minor premiers South slump to the bottom of the ladder. The final was played in front of 4000 spectators and saw North victorious over Central 10–2. 1911 saw the Combined Newcastle &amp; Hunter team Tour Queensland, defeating the Queensland State team in all matches played.
Newcastle played against the touring New Zealand team in a tight match almost pulling off an upset before going down 21–20.
The 1912 season saw the addition of East Newcastle, playing in Black and White. They were immediately competitive and made the grand final.
The First World War saw a halt to the competition for 1917 and 1918. Although the Newcastle Morning Herald did continue to publish results for competition games for those two years. The NSW Football League sacked most of the local officials following an early game of the 1917 season in which the Western Suburbs Club played a disqualified player. The competition was thrown into turmoil and the season was abandoned. The 1918 season was also abandoned because the officials were still serving their suspensions and the player shortage had worsened. 
1919 saw a split, with two smaller competitions held – the "Lilywhites" or clubs faithful to the NSWRL, composed of Eastern Suburbs and Northern Suburbs, and the "Bolsheviks" or rebels composed of South, Central, North and West.
1920 saw the competition reunited when the Newcastle Rugby League (NRL) was officially formed and expanded to six teams as Kurri Kurri competed for the first time. The Newcastle Sports Ground (No1) was officially opened 16 September 1922 on land donated by the Australian Agricultural Company. The opening was marked between Western Suburbs (Sydney) and a Newcastle representative side, with Newcastle winning 20–16. The first game under lights was played at the Newcastle Coursing and Sporting Club (later the Newcastle Greyhound track) at Hamilton South in 1928.
The 1930s saw the emergence of the Coalfields teams (such as Cessnock Goannas in 1930). Football games were first broadcast on the radio in this decade, but only after considerable debate by Newcastle Rugby League. The record score was established in this decade on 27 July 1939, when Northern Suburbs defeated Morpeth-East Maitland 127–16. North winger Alf Fairhall scored 11 tries and kicked 14 goals, with the game called off 20 minutes early. 
The Country Rugby League (CRL) formed in 1934 and became the governing body for the sport of rugby league in areas of New South Wales outside the Sydney metropolitan area, such as Newcastle. 
In the mid 1950s,the major football clubs were opening large licensed Social Clubs. Bar and poker machine revenue from these clubs provided a new source of cash to fund and develop the game. Also in this era, the 'six-yard rule' was introduced to keep both the attacking and defending teams from being within three yards of the play the ball. 
Prior to 1960, if the minor premiers were defeated in the playoffs, they then had the right to challenge the winner of the final to a grand final match. The Second Division competition started in 1960 with nine teams, growing to 23 for the 1961 season. Macquarie also entered the league in 1960. In 1962, the local Television station (NBN 3) began transmitting to Newcastle audiences. 
From 1963 to 1965, the Newcastle representative team won 15 consecutive matches, including wins in three Country Championships and wins against South Africa and France, and the famous victories in the State Cup. This Cup, in which Sydney teams played NSW Country Divisional teams in a knockout competition, was launched in 1964 by the NSWRL. Newcastle defeated South Sydney, North Sydney, the all-conquering St George and Parramatta to win the Cup. This side featured names such as Terry Pannowitz, Allan Buman, and Dave Brown (captain). 
In 1968, the Central Newcastle club relocated from the inner-city to Charlestown and became Central-Charlestown, popularly known as 'The Butcher Boys'. 
During the 1970s, the ten District clubs engaged in an impressive line-up of high profile Captain/Coaches. Great Britain international Terry Clawson (South Newcastle), immortal and Australian international Johnny Raper (Western Suburbs), Australian international Brian 'Chicka' Moore (Macquarie) and Australian international Alan Thomson (Lakes United), to name a few. In 1971, the 'six tackle rule' was introduced. In 1978, foundation club Northern Suburbs became North Newcastle after it enlarged its district to include Raymond Terrace and Nelson Bay. 
In 1988, the league changed majorly with the introduction of the Newcastle Knights into the NSWRL competition, the first representation of the Newcastle and Hunter region since the Newcastle Rebels departed after the 1909 season. 
As a result, the 1990s saw the Newcastle Knights attract the lion's share of the spectators in Newcastle and support for local clubs suffered. This downturn was offset to a certain extent when former Knights players began to filter into the local competition. The drift of players boosted the profile of the local league, which was no more evident than when Steve Linnane led Kurri to a trifecta of premierships in 1993, 1994 and 1995. 
The 2000s saw the league implement a 'salary cap' and a 'points system' for players signing with a 'new' club. This innovation was designed to control spending and to keep clubs alive and well. A joint venture launched in 2009 by the Knights and the Newcastle Rugby League was labelled 'the Player Placement Program', designed to allow Knights players not required by their club on a weekend, to play in the local competition.
2020 saw the competition cancelled for the first time in over one hundred years due to the COVID-19 pandemic. With restrictions easing, a decision was made to implement a two tiered amateur competition. First Grade would feature Lakes United, Western Suburbs, Cessnock, Maitland, Central and Souths. Reserve Grade would see representation from Western Suburbs, Lakes United, Cessnock, Maitland, Central, Souths and Kurri Kurri. Of further note, Maitland also elected to participate in the Presidents Cup, spreading their resources across the two Newcastle competitions as well as the New South Wales based Presidents Cup, which they won. Cessnock defeated South Newcastle in the First Grade Grand Final.
The 2021 season featured the regular clubs, as well as both Wyong and The Entrance, forming a 10 team, 18 round competition. The Entrance will contest the competition for the first time in their history. As well as this, the Major Premiers also now advance to meet title winners from Illawarra, Ron Massey Cup and a wildcard in a conference style President's Cup at the end of the year. Unfortunately, the competition was interrupted by COVID-19 restrictions placed on the Hunter region, with a decision made to cancel the competition prior to any finals being played. Maitland Pickers had secured the Minor Premiership, but there would be no Major Premiers for season 2021. No President's Cup tournament was contested.
Season 2022 saw the Maitland Pickers claim the minor premiership with 31 competition points, with Central Newcastle (29), Macquarie Scorpions (22), Cessnock Goannas (22) and South Newcastle (22) rounding out the top five. On 11 September 2022, Maitland Pickers claimed their 13th premiership with a 40–4 victory over Macquarie Scorpions at McDonald Jones Stadium in Newcastle. On 25 September 2022, Maitland defended their Presidents Cup crown with a 36–12 win over The Hills Bulls. 2022 NSWRL Presidents Cup. 
Season 2023 included The Northern Hawks, bumping the number of teams in the league to 11. All teams will compete in the overarching 2023 NSWRL Presidents Cup. 2023 saw the modern-day version of the Newcastle Rebels, a team constructed of the best talent from the Newcastle Rugby League, return to the Men's Country Championships. Maitland Pickers won the Premiership to secure back to back titles, defeating South Newcastle Lions 46-10.
2024 Newcastle Rugby League Season saw Maitland Pickers defeat Central Newcastle in the First Grade Grand Final, 24-4. Central Newcastle appeared in their first Grand Final since 1963, breaking a 49-year drought. The inaugural Women's Premiership was also contested in 2024, with Maitland Pickers Women's team claiming the title.
Team of the Century.
In 2008, rugby league football's centennial year in Australia, the Newcastle Rugby League named its 'Team of the Century':

</doc>
<doc id="6941048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941048" title="New Jersey State Highway 28-29 Connecting Link">
New Jersey State Highway 28-29 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941049" title="Pokemon, I Choose You!">
Pokemon, I Choose You!



</doc>
<doc id="6941050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941050" title="Sharpe's grysbok">
Sharpe's grysbok

Sharpe's or northern grysbok (Raphicerus sharpei) is a small, shy, solitary antelope that is found from tropical to south-eastern Africa.
Range.
They are found in the Transvaal (South Africa), the Caprivi Strip (Namibia), Botswana, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, Zambia, Malawi and Tanzania to Lake Victoria.
Description.
It is similar in size to the gray duiker, but has a stockier body and shaggy fur over the hindquarters. It stands about 20" (45–60 cm) at the shoulders and weighs only 7–11.5 kg. Its coat is reddish-brown streaked with white; eye-rings, muzzle, throat and underside are off-white. The males have stubby horns, which are widely spaced. Sharpe's grysbok has a short, deep muzzle with large mouth and heavy molars for grinding. The short neck and head on a long-legged body result in a high-rumped posture when browsing.
Habits.
Although widespread, Sharpe's grysbok is infrequently seen. Males and females seem to form brief associations, but the species is usually encountered singly. Territory is marked with dung middens. Their habitat is rocky hill country, but preferring fertile zones on the lower slopes. They are nocturnal browsers and spend the day in the protective cover of tall grass or shrubs. They are extremely timid and will run away at the first sign of anything unusual, although this flight is accompanied "short stamping hops"; they move well away from where the disturbance occurred before stopping (unlike steenbok, which stop and look back). Sharpe's Grysbok are reported to take refuge in aardvark burrows, like steenbok.
Sharpe's grysbok browse on leaves, buds, herb and fruits—in the dry season, their food is typically tough (for which their teeth and jaws are adapted). Grazed grass makes up about 30% of their diet. Like the Cape grysbok they use a communal latrine and mark sticks in its vicinity with pre-orbital gland secretions.
Taxonomy.
The closely related Cape (or southern) grysbok ("R. melanotis") occurs in the western Cape region. In the 1980s, Haltenorth and Diller considered "R. sharpei" as a subspecies of "R. melanotis", but it is now known to be more closely related to the steenbok.

</doc>
<doc id="6941051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941051" title="NJ 28-29 Connecting Link">
NJ 28-29 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941052" title="Penn St">
Penn St



</doc>
<doc id="6941054" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941054" title="NJ-28-29 Connecting Link">
NJ-28-29 Connecting Link



</doc>
<doc id="6941056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941056" title="Kansas St">
Kansas St



</doc>
<doc id="6941059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941059" title="Iowa St">
Iowa St



</doc>
<doc id="6941064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941064" title="Jimmy Swanson">
Jimmy Swanson



</doc>
<doc id="6941069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941069" title="Prince Albert Taylor Jr.">
Prince Albert Taylor Jr.

Prince Albert Taylor Jr. (January 27, 1907 – August 15, 2001) was an American bishop of The Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church, elected in 1956. When he died he held the distinction of the longest tenure of all living United Methodist Bishops at that time. Only one other Bishop remained from those elected in 1956: Ralph Edward Dodge. Taylor was also one of only three remaining African American Bishops elected by the of The Methodist Church. The others were James Samuel Thomas and L. Scott Allen.
Birth and family.
Taylor was born in Hennessey, Oklahoma, the same year Oklahoma became a U.S. State. He was the eldest son and fifth of fourteen children born to Prince Albert Sr and Bertha Ann (Little) Taylor. His father was a Methodist clergyman.
Taylor married Annie Belle Thaxton 18 July 1929. They had one daughter. His wife preceded him, after sixty-six years of marriage.
Education.
Taylor earned an A.B. degree from Samuel Huston College, Austin, Texas in 1931. He was a member of Phi Beta Sigma fraternity. He then earned a B.D. degree from Gammon Theological Seminary, Atlanta. Next, he attended Union Theological Seminary, earning an M.A. degree from Union and Columbia University in New York City in 1939. He engaged in further graduate study at New York University in 1940, from which he earned the Ed.D. degree in 1948.
Pastoral, academic and editorial ministries.
Ordained an elder in the Methodist Episcopal Church in 1931, Taylor was a pastor in the North Carolina Annual Conference, and in New York. He was appointed to churches in the following communities: Kernersville (1931–32), the Northwest Methodist Church in Greensboro (1932–35), the St. Thomas M.E. Church in Thomasville (1935–38), and the East Calvary Methodist Church in New York City (1938–40). He also served as the summer pastor at St. Mark's Methodist Church in New York City, 1940–42 and 1945-48.
Taylor then served as a professor and as the assistant to the president at Bennett College, Greensboro, North Carolina (1940–43). In 1943 he became the chairman of the Department of Religious Education at Gammon Theological Seminary. His home while at Gammon was at 9 McDonough Blvd., S.E. in Atlanta. He also was an exchange teacher at Clark College, 1943-48.
From 1948 until 1956 Taylor was the editor of the "Central Christian Advocate," the newsmagazine of the Central Jurisdiction. Taylor served as President of the "Methodist Press Association," predecessor to the "United Methodist Association of Communicators."
Taylor served as a member of the North Carolina Conference Board of Ministerial Training and of the Conference Board of Education. He also was the chairman of the Committee on World Peace.
Episcopal ministry.
Taylor was elected to the episcopacy of The Methodist Church on 16 June 1956 by the Central Jurisdictional Conference. He was assigned the Monrovia episcopal area (the Liberia Annual Conference). After eight years service in Africa, Taylor returned to the United States.
In 1964 Taylor was assigned the New Jersey Episcopal Area (the Northern New Jersey [formerly the Newark] and the South Jersey annual conferences). His episcopal residence was in Princeton, New Jersey.
Taylor served on numerous Methodist, United Methodist, ecumenical and interfaith boards and agencies. For example, he served as Chairman of the Board of Directors for "Religion In American Lfe." He also was a member of the General Board of the National Council of Churches.
Firsts.
Taylor was the first Methodist bishop elected in 1956. He also became the first African American bishop in Methodist history assigned an episcopal area made up predominantly of white congregations (the New Jersey Area). This was at the beginning of the dismantling of the Central Jurisdiction in The Methodist Church (June 1964), integrating its annual conferences, churches and bishops into the five (predominantly white) jurisdictions of The Methodist Church. Taylor worked in New Jersey until his retirement in 1976.
Taylor was the first African American Methodist bishop to serve as the president of the Church's "Council of Bishops" (1965–66). While Bishop in Monrovia, he also led the Liberia Conference to become an autonomous Methodist denomination, a status granted in 1964.
Honors.
In recognition of his service to Liberia, the Government twice decorated him. At the time he was awarded "The Venerable Knighthood of the Pioneers," he was one of only two private citizens ever to receive this highest decoration of Liberia. Taylor also received the St. George's Award Medal (in 1964) for distinguished service to The Methodist Church.
Taylor also received several honorary degrees. Rust College awarded him the Doctor of Divinity degree in 1949. Gammon Seminary did as well in 1950, as did Dickinson College (D.D., 1967). Philander Smith College awarded the LL.D. And the University of Puget Sound awarded the Litt.D.
Other accomplishments.
During the riots in Newark, New Jersey in 1967, Taylor was appointed a member of the Commission on Civil Disorders by Governor Richard J. Hughes.
One of Taylor's last actions was to prepare an historical document which was read at the opening session of the World Methodist Council in Brighton, England, 23 August 2001.☆
Guiding principles.
Shortly before his retirement, Bishop Taylor listed eight "guiding principles" which sustained him throughout his life:
Later years.
In retirement, Taylor read each evening before going to sleep, trying never to "go" to sleep, "without knowing a little more than I knew the night before," he said. When he moved to Ocean City, New Jersey in 1996 he bought a new computer in order to "not allow the 21st century to move off ahead of me."
At the urging of the Methodist theologian and historian, Albert Outler, Taylor wrote The Life of My Years, an autobiographical account of three quarters of a century of Methodist history, published by Abingdon Press. Interviewed in 1997, at the age of ninety, Taylor revealed he had on his calendar appointments until the year 2001. "I try to exercise each day and do those things which contribute to longevity" he said. "Death will not catch me sitting in a corner waiting for it." Earlier in life, his hobbies included hunting. He also enjoyed the sport of volleyball.
Death and funeral.
Prince Albert Taylor Jr died of cancer at Shore Memorial Hospital in Somers Point, New Jersey, 15 August 2001. He was ninety-four.

</doc>
<doc id="6941076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941076" title="Gardenworm">
Gardenworm



</doc>
<doc id="6941082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941082" title="58th Infantry Brigade">
58th Infantry Brigade



</doc>
<doc id="6941085" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941085" title="99 (Album)">
99 (Album)



</doc>
<doc id="6941088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941088" title="NASCAR playoffs">
NASCAR playoffs

The NASCAR playoffs, formerly officially known as the Chase for the Nextel/Sprint Cup (Nextel from 2004–2007, Sprint from 2008–2016), is a championship playoff system used in NASCAR's three national series. The system was founded as The Chase for the Championship on January 21, 2004, and was used exclusively in the NASCAR Cup Series from 2004 to 2015. Since 2016, NASCAR has also used the playoff system in the Xfinity Series and Craftsman Truck Series.
The NASCAR Cup Series version of the playoff system is often called the Chase for the Cup based on its former official name, and includes sixteen drivers that compete for the championship in the final ten races of the Cup Series. The first nine races are divided into three rounds, with four participants being eliminated after each round (with the exception of the final round where the Cup Series champion is decided). The Xfinity Series Playoff format is competed over seven races with twelve drivers and three rounds with four drivers also being eliminated each round (with the exception of the final round where the Xfinity series champion is decided). The Truck Series Playoff also is seven races long, but only includes ten drivers with 2 drivers being eliminated in the first round and 4 drivers being eliminated in the second round and the champion being decided in the third and final round.
In 2017, the Chase was rebranded as the "playoffs.” In 2018, NASCAR began awarding a regular season championship for the driver with the most points heading into the playoffs in all three series and grandfathered 2017 as the first time the regular season championship was awarded into the record books.
Origins of the playoffs.
The publicly stated purpose for the NASCAR playoff system was to make the NASCAR mid-season more competitive, and increase fan interest and television ratings. The timing of the start of the playoff coincides with the commencement of the college and National Football League seasons and the final month of Major League Baseball's regular season and playoffs. Prior to this format, the Cup champion was sometimes determined mathematically prior to the season finale, a situation that continued to exist in the lower-tier series, the Xfinity Series and Craftsman Truck Series, until they received their own playoff formats in 2016.
By resetting and compressing the scoring of the top 10 (later 12, then 16) drivers, the chances of each of those drivers winning the championship was increased, while not precluding anyone with a legitimate chance of winning. The original choice of top 10 drivers was based on the historical analysis that no driver outside the top 10, with 10 races remaining in the season, had ever gone on to win the Championship. The expansion to top 16 in 2014 made the elimination rounds possible.
Short track racing, the grassroots of NASCAR, began experimenting with ideas to help the entry-level racer. In 2001, the United Speed Alliance Racing organization, sanctioning body of the USAR Hooters Pro Cup Series, a short-track stock car touring series, devised a five-race system where the top teams in their Hooters ProCup North and Hooters ProCup South divisions would participate in a five-race playoff, the Four Champions, named for the four Hooters Racing staff members (including 1992 NASCAR Winston Cup Series champion and pilot Alan Kulwicki) killed in an April 1, 1993 plane crash in Blountville, Tennessee. The system organized the teams with starting points based on the team's performance in their division (division champions earn a bonus), and the teams would participate in a five-race playoff. The five races, added to the team's seeding points, would determine the winner. The 2001 version was four races, as one was canceled because of the September 11 terrorist attacks, however, NASCAR watched as the ProCup's Four Champions became a success and drivers from the series began looking at NASCAR rides. The idea was to give NASCAR, which was becoming in many areas the fourth-largest sport (after Major League Baseball, the NFL, the NBA and surpassing in some regions the NHL) attention during baseball's road to the World Series and the outset of the pro and college football, NHL, and NBA seasons.
"The Matt Kenseth rule".
The playoff system has been referred to as "the Matt Kenseth Rule" as a result of Kenseth's championship in 2003, the year prior to NASCAR adopting the playoff system. In 2003, Kenseth won the championship with just one race win (the third race of the year, at Las Vegas Motor Speedway) along with 25 top-ten finishes with him leading the championship for 33 races throughout the season, while also being perceived as having a clean, unexciting and boring personality around this time. Ryan Newman won eight races that year (22% of the 36 races run in 2003), but failed to finish several races due to crashes and ended the season sixth in the drivers' championship. NASCAR indicated that the 2003 championship outcome was not the driving factor in establishing the playoffs, as they had been considering adjustments to the points system to put more emphasis on winning races since 2000. "The Matt Kenseth Rule" more properly refers to the NASCAR numerical scoring system that was also implemented for the 2004 season, which increased the points awarded to race winners, thus emphasizing winning more and consistency less than in previous years. However, the coincidence of new playoff system in 2004 and Kenseth's 2003 championship led to the issues being linked, including by NASCAR officials in interviews and press releases.
Cup Series.
The playoffs system was announced on January 21, 2004, as the "Chase for the Championship,” and first used during the 2004 Nextel Cup season. The format used from 2004 to 2006 was modified slightly starting with the 2007 season. A major change to the qualifying criteria was instituted in 2011, along with a major change to the points system. Even more radical changes to the qualifying criteria, and to the format of the playoffs itself, were announced for the 2014 Sprint Cup Series. As of 2014, the 10-race playoff format involved 16 drivers chosen primarily on wins during the "regular season,” if fewer than 16 drivers won races during the regular season, the remaining field was filled on the basis of regular season points. These drivers competed against each other while racing in the standard field of 40 cars. The driver with the most points after the final 10 races was declared the champion.
Beginning with the 2008 Sprint Cup Series, the playoffs became known by its new name as a result of the merger of Nextel Communications with Sprint Corporation. From 2004 to 2006 some races aired on TNT, with the rest airing on NBC. From 2007 to 2009 all 10 races aired on ABC, but in 2010 NASCAR and ESPN quietly moved 9 of the 10 races to ESPN. In 2015 coverage returned to NBC with some races airing on NBCSN.
Seeding and scoring history.
The current version of the playoff system was announced by NASCAR chairman and CEO Brian France on January 23, 2017. The current format is the fifth since it was introduced for the 2004 season, with significant changes made in both 2007 and 2011. The 2017 change is the 15th time since 1949 that the point system had been changed, these latest changes affect both the race format and the playoff seeding.
2004–2006.
Starting in the 2004 season, after the first 26 races of the season, all drivers in the Top 10 and any others within 400 points of the leader earned a berth in the chase. All drivers in the chase had their point total adjusted. The first-place driver in the standings began the chase with 5,050 points, the second-place driver started with 5,045, etc. Incremental five-point drops continued through the list of title contenders.
2007–2010.
In 2007, NASCAR expanded the field of contenders to the top 12 drivers in the points standings after the first 26 races. Each drivers' point total reset to 5,000 points, with a ten-point bonus for each race won. The provision admitting all drivers within 400 points of the leader into the chase was dropped. Brian France explained why NASCAR made the changes to the chase:
"The adjustments taken [Monday] put a greater emphasis on winning races. Winning is what this sport is all about. Nobody likes to see drivers content to finish in the top 10. We want our sport – especially during the Chase – to be more about winning."
2011–2013.
The chase format was again modified for the 2011 season, as was the point system for winnings. After 26 "regular season" races, the top 10 drivers, as determined by points accumulated during the season, automatically advance to contend for the Cup championship. These drivers were joined by two "wild card" qualifiers, specifically the two drivers ranked from 11th through 20th in drivers' points who have the most regular-season race wins. The 12 drivers' championship points were reset to a base of 2,000 per driver. Each of the 10 automatic qualifiers received a bonus of 3 points for each win during the regular season, while the two wild card qualifiers received no bonus. Normal scoring applied during the chase, with race winners earning 43 base points plus 3 bonus points, all drivers who lead a lap earning 1 bonus point, and the driver who led the most laps earning 1 bonus point in addition to any other points earned.
As in all previous chases, the driver with the highest point total at the conclusion of the 10-race chase was the NASCAR Cup Series champion.
The chase field consisted of 12 drivers from 2007 through 2012. An exception to this rule was in 2013, where the chase field was expanded to 13 drivers for that season only as the result of a match fixing scandal. With seven laps remaining in the Federated Auto Parts 400 at Richmond International Raceway, Clint Bowyer went into a spin, forcing a caution. After the race, rumors abounded that Bowyer had deliberately forced a caution in an attempt to manipulate the finish of the race so as to help his Michael Waltrip Racing (MWR) teammate Martin Truex Jr. clinch the second of the two wild card spots (Kasey Kahne had already clinched the first spot) over Ryan Newman, who had been leading at the moment of caution. That Bowyer's spin had been deliberate had been further suggested by several things: the first was radio communications on Brian Vickers' team with his spotter, MWR general manager Ty Norris, telling him to pit under green on the restart, and that the audio on Bowyer's radio showed crew chief Brian Pattie pointing out Newman taking the lead and then asking a suspicious string of questions mere seconds before Bowyer spun. Furthermore, when interviewed by Dr. Jerry Punch post-race, Dale Earnhardt Jr., who was directly behind Bowyer, said that Bowyer "just spun out. It was the craziest thing I saw," and that the behavior of Bowyer's car was inconsistent with Bowyer's claim that a right front tire blew out (the popping noise associated with a flat tire was not heard until after the spin). Vickers' pitting on the restart forced Newman to the back of the pitting cycle, costing him several positions. He ended up finishing third to Carl Edwards and Kurt Busch. By finishing third, Newman was tied with Truex in both wins (one) and final points for the second Wildcard spot. Truex won the tiebreaker on top-five finishes.
The following Monday, September 9, NASCAR issued some of the most severe penalties imposed on a team in NASCAR Cup Series history. MWR was placed on probation for the rest of the season, and Norris was suspended indefinitely. All three MWR teams were docked 50 owner/driver points for "actions detrimental to stock car racing." As this penalty was applied to pre-chase point totals, it knocked Truex out of the Wildcard spot and put Newman in his place. NASCAR was unable to find solid evidence that Bowyer's spin was deliberate, but did determine that Norris's order to have Vickers pit was a deliberate attempt to manipulate the chase standings in Truex's favor. Had the ruse not happened, Newman was on point to win the race, automatically becoming the second wild card and bumping Truex.
The ruse also resulted in a second controversy when radio transmissions were discovered suggesting that Front Row Motorsports and Penske Racing had struck a deal for David Gilliland to give up a spot on the track for Joey Logano, allowing Logano to race his way into the final lock-in position by one point over Jeff Gordon. A second NASCAR inquiry resulted in both teams being placed on probation for the remainder of the year. This ruse was found to have been directly caused by the pace car. Had the pace car situation for Bowyer's intentional spin not occurred, Gordon would have finished ahead of Logano by one point and Logano would have been bumped by Newman winning the race since Newman would have taken the first Wild Card. Although Logano was allowed to keep his chase berth, the field was expanded to 13 with the addition of Gordon on September 13. NASCAR chairman Brian France has always had the power to expand the chase field in exceptional circumstances, and decided to invoke it in this case. In France's view, Gordon had been put at an "unfair disadvantage" due to Penske and Front Row's collusion, as well as MWR's improper instructions to have Vickers pit. Had this not happened, France said, Gordon would have been in the chase by taking the last lock-in position, while Logano would have received one Wild Card position due to him being ahead of Truex and Newman in points, and Kasey Kahne would have taken the other Wild Card regardless of the race outcome as he had two wins entering Richmond.
2014–2016.
On January 30, 2014, a new chase system resembling the playoff systems used in other major league sports was announced at Media Day.
Under the new system, the chase field was expanded to 16 drivers for the 10-race chase. The 16 drivers were chosen primarily on wins during the "regular season,” if fewer than 16 drivers won races, the remaining field was filled on the basis of regular season points. These drivers competed against each other while racing in the standard field (then 43 cars). The driver with the most points after the final 10 races was declared the champion.
This new playoff system instituted three "cuts" where drivers are eliminated from title contention as the chase progresses. In each cut the bottom four drivers are eliminated from title contention after the third race after a cut. After the first cut (Dover) in what was called the "Challenger Round,” the field was reduced to 12. The bottom four winless drivers kept their points after the first cut, while the remaining 12 chase drivers' points are reset to 3,000 points. After three more races, the cut line eliminated the bottom four winless drivers after the sixth chase race (Talladega) in the "Contender Round,” reducing the size of the field another 33%. Drivers who missed the second cut had their points reset to their score at the end of the first cut, plus the combined points accumulated in the three races in the "Contender Round." Those who continued have their points all reset to 4,000. Then the "Eliminator Round" involved axing 50% of the chase grid with the final cut, cutting the new bottom four drivers after the penultimate race at Phoenix, leaving the top four drivers to have their point totals reset to 5,000 so that they are tied for the final race at Homestead-Miami for the title run. The drivers who missed the cut after this round have their score reset to the score at the end of the first cut, plus total points accumulated in the six previous races. Of these four drivers who made this cut, the driver with the best absolute finish (no bonus points are involved) at Homestead was then crowned the season champion.
Under this system, any chase driver who won a race during a playoff round is automatically guaranteed a spot in the next round. Up to three drivers thus could advance to the next round of the chase through race wins, regardless of their actual points position after the final (third) race in that round. The remaining drivers to advance was determined by points.
The round names were removed starting in 2016, being changed to "Round of 16,” "Round of 12,” "Round of 8,” and "Championship 4."
To identify the drivers within the 43-car field that were still involved in each round of the chase, NASCAR designated various cosmetic changes in 2014: for these drivers, their cars' roof numbers, windshield header, front splitters, and fascia are colored yellow, and the chase logo appears on the front quarter panel.
2017.
The previous championship format, renamed NASCAR Playoffs, was maintained for the 2017 season, but with changes. A revised regular-season points system was adopted, splitting races into three stages. Stages 1 and 2 are roughly 1/4 of the laps each, and stage 3 is about the last 1/2 of the race. The top 10 drivers at the end of the first two stages each race earn additional bonus points towards the championship, 10 points for the first place car down to 1 point for the 10th place car. At the end of the race, the normal championship point scheme is used to award points to the entire field. Additionally, "playoff points" are awarded during the regular season for winning stages, winning races, and finishing the regular season in the top 16 on the championship points standings. 1 playoff point for the winner of a stage, 5 playoff points plus an automatic berth into the round of 16 for the race winner. (In case there are more than 16 race winners in the season, then the top 16 in race wins move on). Also, more bonus points for Top-10 in points standings at the end of the regular season: 1st place in regular season points earns 15 playoff bonus points in addition to the points earned with race or stage wins; 2nd place earns 10 playoff points, 3rd place: 8, 4th place: 7, 5th place: 6, 6th place: 5, 7th place: 4, 8th place: 3, 9th place: 2, and 10th place: 1. Playoff points are also awarded in each playoff race, except the final race, for those drivers still competing for the championship, for winning stages and winning races. If a driver qualifies for the championship, these playoff points will be added into their point totals after the resets for the first 3 rounds (round of 16, round of 12, round of 8). For the Championship 4 (final race), there are no bonus points involved, and the highest finishing driver of the 4 is declared the champion. This means a driver can have less regular season points than another driver, but be seeded higher due to more wins.
Kevin Harvick rule – fifth place.
Adopted from 2014 onwards, on the suggestion of driver Kevin Harvick, fifth place in the season-ending standings will be determined amongst the chase drivers eliminated in each of the chase rounds during the final races.
First round elimination.
Drivers eliminated in the first round will retain their chase score (for example, a driver with one win during the season eliminated after scoring 75 points during the first round will score 2,080 points) and start the fourth race the same score after the first three races, and will accumulate points for the remainder of the season.
Missed the second or third cut.
Drivers eliminated in the second or third round will have their score reverted to the score at the end of the first round, then their individual race scores for the three (eliminated in the second round) or six races (eliminated in the third round), respectively, before their elimination from the championship contention will be combined with the score after the third race of the first round for the driver's total score.
For the final race.
After ten races, the drivers positions 5–16 will be determined by the total number of points accumulated in the ten races (bonus points will apply), without the points resets of the second or third rounds, added to the driver's base Chase score with bonuses added. In the final race, unlike the four championship contenders who cannot score bonus points (the winner is determined by the driver who finished the best of those four), both non-playoff and playoff drivers eliminated from the championship are eligible to score all bonus points, so drivers who are contending for positions 5-16 will compete solely against each other.
2018–present.
The previous championship format is maintained, but a few changes were added to the design touches on the cars involved in the playoffs. For the 2018 season, NASCAR collaborated with the Race Team Alliance and Twitter to unveil customized hashtags and emojis for the top 16 drivers entering the playoffs. Each driver will have their hashtag and emoji displayed on the sides of their cars until they are eliminated from contention. Non-playoff drivers can have their hashtags and the Twitter logo displayed on their cars. This was in effect until the fall Kansas race. From the fall Martinsville race to the fall Phoenix race, all hashtag and emoji labels were replaced with the NBC logo. At the season-ending Homestead race, all cars featured Snapcodes as part of a partnership with Snapchat.
The visual, social-media oriented gimmicks above were discontinued for 2019. For 2020, the banners of drivers in the playoffs read "Playoffs" instead of "Cup Series,” while in 2021 playoff drivers have yellow windshield banners and rear spoilers. In 2022, with the introduction of the Next Gen car, NASCAR added a clause that reserved their right to ban drivers/teams from competing in the playoffs if NASCAR found an L3 violation on their car during any pre-race or post-race inspection. For 2023, NASCAR removed the requirement that drivers had to be at least 30th (20th for Xfinity and Truck) in the standings to be eligible for the playoffs by the way of a race victory, thus all full-time drivers and all drivers who receive a playoff wavier are eligible to qualify for the playoffs with a win. In 2025, after Kyle Larson was granted a playoff waiver for missing the 2024 Coca-Cola 600 due to weather, another rule change was made where drivers that were granted a playoff waiver for reasons other than medical or family-related (or in the Truck Series, age-related) reasons would lose all their playoff points, thus beginning the playoffs with 2,000 points.
Cup series tracks.
The following are the ten race tracks at which the final ten NASCAR Cup Series races for the Championship. Texas Motor Speedway (Fort Worth, Texas) was added in 2005 as a result of the outcome of the Ferko lawsuit which eliminated Darlington Raceway (Darlington, South Carolina) by NASCAR. Also, by way of a 3-way track change, Talladega Superspeedway moved to a later date, Atlanta Motor Speedway moved to the Labor Day weekend date, and Auto Club Speedway moved to a later date inside the chase (starting 2009).
In 2011, as part of a substantial schedule realignment, a number of further changes occurred in the chase:
In 2012: 
In 2013:
In 2015:
In 2017:
In 2018, as part of a substantial schedule realignment, a number of further changes occurred in the playoffs:
In 2020, as part of a substantial schedule realignment:
In 2021:
In 2022:
In 2024, as part of a substantial schedule realignment:
In 2025:
In 2026:
Xfinity and Truck Series.
On January 19, 2016, NASCAR announced the introduction of a playoff format for the Xfinity Series and the Camping World Truck Series. Both series use the same elimination formula as the NASCAR Cup Series playoffs, however, with some modifications (most notably, smaller fields, and only two rounds of elimination instead of three, due to both having seven races in their playoff formats compared to the ten in the NASCAR Cup Series playoffs). In the Truck playoffs, there are only eight drivers eligible for the title. At both elimination races, the bottom two drivers in the playoffs standings are eliminated from contention; However, on January 21, 2020, NASCAR announced that the playoff field for the truck series would expand from eight drivers to ten drivers with the bottom two being eliminated after the round of 10 and the bottom four eliminated after the round of 8. The Xfinity playoffs has twelve drivers, and the bottom four in points are eliminated at the end of each round. The rules for fifth place continue to be the same.
The visual identification introduced in 2021 in the Cup Series also apply in the lower two series, with red (in 2021)/purple (from 2022 onwards) banners, spoilers, and splitters for Xfinity Series playoff contenders, and blue (until 2022)/red (from 2023 onwards, as well with driver's last name on the windshield) for Truck Series counterparts.
As an anti-Buschwhacking measure, Cup Series drivers are prohibited from racing in lower series' playoff races.
Comparison of Playoff Champion vs Non-Playoff Points standings.
Ten different drivers have won the NASCAR Cup Series championship since the playoff system was implemented in 2004. Jimmie Johnson has the most championships under the playoff format with seven, while Tony Stewart, Kyle Busch, and Joey Logano are the only other drivers to win multiple championships since the system was introduced. Tyler Reddick is also the only multi-time championship in the Xfinity Series since the introduction of the system in the second-tier and Truck Series.
Below are the hypothetical champions based on only regular points standings after last season race if no playoff format had been implemented. This section is only to demonstrate the impact of the playoffs on the outcome of the championship in comparison to regular points standings. Given the ways that different formats change race strategy and therefore results, there is no way to know if these exact outcomes would have occurred. Number of times listed for non-playoff champions includes championships won before the playoffs began in 2004 while regular season champions only count winners after the playoffs began in 2004.
Cup Series.
Within the Cup Series:
Criticism.
The NASCAR playoffs has been criticized as a "gimmick" to the sport and has been questioned over whether it is fair compared to not having the playoff at all. After failing to make the Championship 4 in 2020 despite winning nine races and winning the regular season title (as well as winning a fourth championship if there were no playoff), Kevin Harvick remarked that winning the NASCAR championship "aren’t like winning like Petty and Earnhardt used to win them." Matt Crafton's Truck Series title in 2019 has also been used to argue that the format can produce a winless champion despite its supposed focus on wins after 2014; on the debut year of elimination format, Ryan Newman secured his spot on that year's Championship 4 despite winning zero races, which could theoretically allow him to win that year's Cup Series title without winning a single race or just the championship race (the latter would happen in 2021 in the Xfinity Series when Daniel Hemric did so, having been winless for his entire NASCAR career with ten second-place finishes).
Kyle Busch's 2015 Cup Series title, and NASCAR's decision to grant him waiver preventing him from missing the playoffs, was criticized due to the fact he missed 11 races during the season due to an injury, something which would have prevented him from winning the championship in non-playoff and earlier Chase playoff points formats. Similar waivers were granted to Ryan Newman, who was out following his 2020 Daytona 500 crash and Matt Kenseth, who replaced Kyle Larson after he was released from Chip Ganassi Racing following a live streaming controversy in 2020, although both failed to qualify for that year's playoffs. Kurt Busch was also granted a similar waiver in 2022 after he was injured at the qualifying for the 2022 M&amp;M's Fan Appreciation 400 but opted not to use the waiver when his injury turned out to be a career-ending accident. Following the 2024 Coca-Cola 600, controversy persisted regarding Larson's eligibility for the waiver after he missed the race entirely when weather issues at both the Indianapolis 500 (resulting in the race being delayed by several hours) and Coca-Cola 600 (which was called off after it rained out in the second stage) resulted in Larson not driving a single lap of the NASCAR portion of the Double Duty; NASCAR ultimately approved the waiver.
Another source of criticism in regards of the playoffs is that media/broadcast attention would shift towards playoff contenders during that portion. During the ESPN broadcast of 2009 Dickies 500, the vast majority of the race's commentary was spent talking about Jimmie Johnson despite the fact he had crashed out on lap 3 and finished 38th. In addition, following the addition of eliminations and automatic playoff berth from winning a race in 2014, critics have noted that the format encouraged more aggressive driving in order to claim a race win necessary to qualify for (or advance to the next round of) the playoffs, as well as encouraging teams to manipulate penultimate races to increase the odds of championship victory, as demonstrated at 2013 Federated Auto Parts 400 (which occurred in the pre-elimination format) and 2024 Xfinity 500.

</doc>
<doc id="6941089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941089" title="Evil Dead The Musical">
Evil Dead The Musical

Evil Dead The Musical is a rock musical stage play based on the "Evil Dead" franchise. First performed on stage in 2003 at the Tranzac club in Toronto, Ontario, the show instantly became a hit and eventually moved on to an off-Broadway run in 2006 at the New World Stages. Many regional productions of the show have been performed all over the world. Critics praised the show and one critic for "The New York Times" even hailed the musical as "the next "The Rocky Horror Show".
Plot.
Five college students spend the weekend in an abandoned cabin in the woods, accidentally unleashing an evil terror. In this comedic take on the 1980s horror franchise, characters and demons sing and dance to songs written specifically for the musical. And, as in the films, Ash is there to dish out his various one-liners and fight the neverending demons.
The musical takes creative liberty with the plot line of the movies, mixing together the characters and concepts of all three, as well as changing sequences for the sake of the stage and comedic intent. Roughly, the first act adapts the original "The Evil Dead" while the second act adapts "Evil Dead II".
Productions.
With the approval of both Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell, the show was first staged as a workshop in Toronto in August 2003. The same team remounted the musical in Toronto that October for an additional three weeks. The show was presented in July 2004 at the 22nd Just for Laughs Comedy Festival in Montreal.
During the Northeast Blackout of 2003, the intransigent cast and crew performed the show on the front lawn of the Tranzac club in Toronto. The band played acoustic instruments and cast members provided sound effects from backstage. As the evening wore on, flashlights and car headlights were used to illuminate the actors.
Off-Broadway.
The New York off-Broadway production started previews on October 2, 2006. The Official Opening Night performance was November 1, 2006, and it ran, performing eight times per week at the New World Stages, until February 17, 2007. The cast album debuted at #4 on the Billboard Show Charts. The off-Broadway production was co-directed by Christopher Bond and Tony winner and "Buffy" alum, Hinton Battle. Make-up and special FX were created by Louis Zakarian, whose film credits include "Requiem for a Dream", "Dogma" and "Romeo + Juliet". The cast was as follows:
Toronto revival productions.
"Evil Dead" returned to Toronto, again starring Ryan Ward as Ash, at the Diesel Playhouse starting May 1, 2007. While the initial run was only to last until the end of June 2007, it was extended to August 4, 2007, September 8, 2007, June 26, 2008, and finally until September 6, 2008. It celebrated its 300th performance on June 26, 2008, which marked it as the longest running Canadian production in Toronto in 20 years. It won the Dora Audience Choice Award and praised by the "Toronto Star".
A 20th anniversary production ran at the Randolph Theatre from October 5, 2024 to January 5, 2025, starring Aaron Robinson as Ash, Aimée Tremblay Woodman as Cheryl, Pascale Behrman as Annie/Shelly, Duncan Lang as Jake, Jean Blandon as Scott, Kendra Marie Brophy as Linda, Charlie Clements as Ed/Moose, David Fox as Fake Shemp/Male Swing, and Taryn Wichenko as Female Swing.
Subsequent productions.
Over 300 productions of "Evil Dead The Musical" have since been staged by professional, amateur and school theatre groups throughout North America and around the world in cities including Seoul (2008), Tokyo, and Madrid (2012).
Ultimate 4D Experience.
On June 22, 2012, Sirc Michaels Productions brought the show to the Las Vegas Strip as a resident, open-ended production at the V Theater. The production is now officially the longest running production in the history of the show.
Due to the nature of the show, including the addition of 100 seat splatter zone, audience interaction, multi-media elements, and state of the art effects, lights, and sound, the name was altered slightly to include "Ultimate 4D Experience" to reflect production and design elements that separate the production from other stagings of the show.
The show moved to the Tommy Wind Theater on December 1, 2015, and to the Windows Showroom at Bally's on September 15, 2017.
North American tour (2014–2015).
The first North American tour was primarily cast out of Chicago, Illinois. It spent four weeks rehearsing there before it opened in Madison, Wisconsin (09/11/14). It then toured to Austin, Texas before returning to Chicago for a three-week engagement at the Broadway Playhouse. The cities on the tour schedule included Sandusky (OH), Fort Wayne (IN), Effingham (IL), Nashville (TN), Cleveland (OH), Greenvale (NY), Hartford (CT), Schenectady (NY), Hamilton (ON), Toronto (ON), Charlotte (NC), Tampa (FL), Sarasota (FL), Fort Lauderdale (FL), Newark (NJ), York (PA), Mesa (AZ), and Dayton (OH).
This production was produced by Starvox Entertainment and directed by Christopher Bond. It was choreographed by Stacey Rene Maroske and Assistant Choreographed by Corinne Giannotta. Musical Directed by Aaron Eyre and fight choreography by Kevin Robinson. This production was stage managed by Phoebe Harper. The cast was as follows:
There have been three successful North American tours since this time.
High School Versions.
The first high school production of the musical was staged at Burlington Central High School in Burlington, ON. This production first premiered on November 23, 2011.
Licensing rights for a high school version of "Evil Dead The Musical" with "none of the swearing, all of the blood" were made available by Dramatic Publishing Company following a world-premiere production at Stagedoor Manor in Loch Sheldrake, New York in the Jack Romano Playhouse on July 28, 2017. The performance was executive produced by the Samuelson/Samen family, under the guidance of Director of Theatrical Programming Chris Armbrister, directed by Rob Scharlow, musical direction by James Mablin, choreography by Madeline Shaffer, and stage management by Hannah Delmore.
Additional regional productions.
From October 13–31, 2011, Off-Strip Productions and RagTag Entertainment teamed up to present the Sin City premiere of the show. It was presented at The Onyx Theatre and was helmed by Sirc Michaels. The show received rave reviews from critics and fans alike, and as such the production was brought back to Las Vegas for another successful run in January 2012.
"Evil Dead The Musical" opened in Oshawa, ON, Canada on February 1, 2019. The production had a successful initial run in October 2017 (for only six performances). The new production was produced by the Mansfield's Cabaret in downtown Oshawa. After 13 weeks, and becoming Oshawa's longest-running musical to ever play the city, the production closed on April 27, 2019. The Oshawa producers were preparing to open a brand-new production, which was to boast a revamped design and enhanced special effects, in April 2020 in a planned 32-week run, but were unable to begin pre-production due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
"Evil Dead The Musical" had a limited run in Fort McMurray, AB, Canada from December 12–14, 2019. The show was produced by Theatre; Just Because and featured local talent.
The Virginia-based, experience themed theatre company Wolfbane Productions first began productions of "Evil Dead The Musical" in 2013. Bringing Broadway actors into the forests of Virginia, this unique production has garnered critical acclaim and a massive audience following. Complete with a 150-seat splatter zone, a fully realized replica cabin, live band, active vehicles, zip lines and Broadway quality special effects, this fully realized production has opened the door for an arts revolution in the Appomattox area. It played its final performance on August 5, 2017, after five successful runs.
"Evil Dead The Musical" became the first theatrical production staged at Vinyl Music Hall in Pensacola, January 3–6, 2019, following a successful Kickstarter campaign. Ellen Sandweiss, Betsy Baker and Theresa Tilly, who originated the roles of Cheryl, Linda and Shelly, respectively, in the 1981 film, were special guests of the production, and each appeared on stage in cameo roles on closing night, marking the first time any of them had appeared in a production. The production was also noteworthy for updating several dated references, changing Ed's gender and (as a result) changing "All the Men in My Life Keep Getting Killed By Candarian Demons" to "Everyone in My Life Keeps Getting Killed By Candarian Demons." Dan Sperry also appeared as an opening act at all five performances. The cast included Garrett Summitt (Ash), Kay Joyce (Cheryl), Hannah Sharpe (Annie/Shelly), Sierra Hobbs (Linda), Christopher Holloway (Scott/Moose), Fiama Mastrangelo (Ed), Michael Daw (Jake), Darren Campbell (Lead Demon), David Matthews (Professor Knowby), and Marianne del Gallego (Headless Linda).
Musical numbers.
2003.
Act One
Act Two
2006-2023.
Act One
Act Two
2024-Present.
Act One
Act Two
Cast recordings.
An original cast recording was made in December 2006 and was released on April 2, 2007, and debuted at #4 on the Billboard Show Charts.
A live cast recording of the Ultimate 4D Experience was made in early 2014 and was released in summer of 2014. Currently it is scheduled to only be available at performances of the show, which are based in Las Vegas.

</doc>
<doc id="6941096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941096" title="New York City Police Department Transportation Highway Patrol">
New York City Police Department Transportation Highway Patrol



</doc>
<doc id="6941100" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941100" title="Gödel solution">
Gödel solution



</doc>
<doc id="6941103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941103" title="Archbishop Alnoth of Canterbury">
Archbishop Alnoth of Canterbury



</doc>
<doc id="6941104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941104" title="Route 29">
Route 29



</doc>
<doc id="6941106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941106" title="Risc OS">
Risc OS



</doc>
<doc id="6941116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941116" title="K07TA">
K07TA



</doc>
<doc id="6941120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941120" title="K09UF">
K09UF



</doc>
<doc id="6941122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941122" title="Iskender Majid oglu Hamidov">
Iskender Majid oglu Hamidov



</doc>
<doc id="6941124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941124" title="Æthelnoth">
Æthelnoth

Æthelnoth or its variations Aethelnoth and Ethelnoth may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941130" title="Egelnodus">
Egelnodus



</doc>
<doc id="6941131" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941131" title="1829 Papal conclave">
1829 Papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6941132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941132" title="Farallon trench">
Farallon trench



</doc>
<doc id="6941133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941133" title="Bomberman Land Touch!">
Bomberman Land Touch!

Bomberman Land Touch! is a puzzle video game developed by Hudson Soft for the Nintendo DS. The game was first released in Japan and North America in 2006. Part of the "Bomberman" franchise, " Touch!" is the fourth game in the "Bomberman Land" series and its first to be released outside Japan.
Plot.
In the Story mode, the player takes the role of Cheerful White, who is invited by his friend Giant Gold, along with his other pals - Cute Pink, Cool Black, Bookworm Green and Kid Blue - to the Bomber Pirate Island. The Story mode itself revolves around a multi-themed theme-park, with caves, aquariums, and mountains that divide the five zones present in the game, and the constant theme for Cheerful White being to become the "Pirate King" of Bomber Pirate Island.
Gameplay.
Story mode.
In the Story Mode, there are over 30 mini-games that must be completed throughout Bomber Pirate Island. As Cheerful White wins attractions, he acquires various Pieces (Spade, Diamond, Heart, and Clover pieces), which can be used to access further areas in the amusement park. Throughout the area, costumes and bombs can be found that allow Cheerful White to complete certain puzzles on the overworld.
Unlike the primary "Mario Party" titles where the player(s) explore a Monopoly-style board, "Bomberman Land Touch!" has the player exploring an overworld, freely exploring as much of the area has been unlocked. In this mode, the only control used is touch control - both for the overworld and for the mini-games. The overworld requires the touch screen to move Bomberman and to tap on icons to initiate an event. The touch screen is used for most mini-games, although in a handful of mini-games, the microphone is used as well. These mini-games can be played in Attraction mode either with one player, one player and 1-9 computer players, or 1-10 human players. The multiplayer mode can be played online or locally (which can be done with a minimum of two Nintendo DS consoles and one copy of "Bomberman Land Touch!").
Battle mode.
Battle mode consists of the traditional maze-like gameplay, where multiple Bomber People blow their way through obstacles, collect power-ups, and attempt to defeat the other Bomber People. Also, the game allows players to compete in a deathmatch contest with 10 players in LAN or across the world with the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection.
Reception.
The game received "generally favorable reviews" according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, "Famitsu" gave it a score of two eights and two sevens, while "Famitsu Cube &amp; Advance" gave it a score of all four sevens.

</doc>
<doc id="6941134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941134" title="Ednodus">
Ednodus



</doc>
<doc id="6941138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941138" title="KIIZ-FM">
KIIZ-FM

KIIZ-FM (92.3 MHz or Z-92.3) is a commercial urban contemporary radio station in Killeen, Texas. The station is owned and operated by iHeartMedia, Inc. The station's studios are located in nearby Harker Heights, and its transmitter is located in Killeen.
History.
KIIZ started in 1979 on 1050 AM. On February 15, 1991, KIIZ moved the station from the AM dial to the FM dial on to 92.3 FM.

</doc>
<doc id="6941141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941141" title="Circular linhay">
Circular linhay

A circular linhay is an ancient type of structure found in England, particularly associated with Devon. Linhay (rhymes with finny), also spelt Linny, is a type of farm building with an open front and usually a lean-to roof. In Newfoundland English a linney is similar to a storage space, kitchen, or porch but as an addition to the rear of a house, and in American English it is an open, lean-to shed attached to a farmyard. Linhays were used to store hay above and shelter cattle (cattle linhay) or farm machinery (cart linhay).

</doc>
<doc id="6941149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941149" title="Eric Eiegod">
Eric Eiegod



</doc>
<doc id="6941155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941155" title="Belinda Carlisle discography">
Belinda Carlisle discography

The solo discography of Belinda Carlisle, an American pop singer, contains eight studio albums, 11 compilations and six video albums. Her singles discography features 32 physical releases (three of which she has recorded as a guest artist), eight digital-only and five promotional releases. She has also made nine other appearances and 31 music videos.
Carlisle's first solo album "Belinda" was released in 1986 on I.R.S. Records and was certified gold in the United States and platinum in Canada. Her first single, "Mad About You", peaked at number three in the US, topped the Canadian Singles Chart, and charted in the top 10 in Australia. The song was followed by "I Feel the Magic" and by a cover version of the Freda Payne song "Band of Gold". Carlisle's second album "Heaven on Earth" was released in 1987 through MCA and became a Top 5 bestseller in the United Kingdom and Australia. The first single release became "Heaven Is a Place on Earth", which topped the single charts in many countries including US and UK. The second single from the album was "I Get Weak", which shot to number two in the States and number ten in the UK. Third single, "Circle in the Sand" was another Top 10 hit in the US, UK and Germany. Other singles releases included, "World Without You", "Love Never Dies" and "I Feel Free".
The follow-up album "Runaway Horses" was released in 1989 and hit the Top 5 in both Australia and UK. The first single release "Leave a Light On", it became another top-five hit in the UK, Australia and Canada. Other singles were "Summer Rain", the summer mood influenced "La Luna" and "(We Want) The Same Thing". In 1991 Carlisle issued her fourth album, "Live Your Life Be Free" featuring such singles as"Half the World", "Little Black Book" and "Do You Feel Like I Feel". In 1992 she released her first greatest hits album "The Best of Belinda, Volume 1" which reached number one in the UK and was certified double platinum and platinum in Australia.
"Real" was released in 1993 and debuted in the top ten in the UK. Singles of the album featured "Big Scary Animal" and "Lay Down Your Arms", a remake from the Graces. Three years later she released "A Woman &amp; a Man" which included "In Too Deep". The song returned Carlisle to the UK Top 10 for the first time in six years, reaching number six. The song also made the top 20 in Australia (number 11). The second single release was "Always Breaking My Heart" which also made it into the UK Top 10, peaking at number eight. The album spawned two more singles: "Love in the Key of C" and "California". In 1999 the singer released a second greatest hits album in the UK entitled "", and was certified gold in the UK. In 2007 Carlisle released "Voilà", consisting of a mix of French pop tunes and chanson standards, including covers of Françoise Hardy and Édith Piaf classics.
In 2013, she released the single "Sun" to coincide with a new budget compilation in the US. A new career retrospective, "The Collection", was released in March 2014, reaching number 24 in the UK along with the single "Goodbye Just Go".
In March 2023, Carlisle released "Big Big Love", the lead single from her extended play "Kismet", Carlisle's first new English language studio collection in over 25 years.

</doc>
<doc id="6941156" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941156" title="Eric Evergood">
Eric Evergood



</doc>
<doc id="6941159" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941159" title="Ducati Pantah">
Ducati Pantah

The Ducati Pantah is an Italian motorcycle with a 90° V-twin engine, produced between 1980 and 1986.
Unlike its predecessors which were bevel-gear OHC designs, the Pantah was the first Ducati to have belt-driven camshaft motors, thus forming the vanguard of the new generation of current Ducati V-twins. First shown December 1979, the Pantah came on the market as the 1980 500SL and the last of the line, the 650SL, was sold in 1986. Successful in racing as the 600 cc TT2 and later TT1 750 cc racer, the Pantah was a lighter, shorter wheelbase motorcycle, in a new trellis frame that was to become a trademark Ducati feature.
Pantah 500 cc.
When Ducati's 1976 350 cc and 500 cc parallel twins proved to be a marketing failure, Fabio Taglioni went to work developing the a replacement. The Pantah 500 was developed from the last of the GP500 racers of 1973, the Pantah and its successors have shown that, contrary to the "received wisdom", a twin-cylinder biker can compete successfully against the fours.
The Pantah was first shown at the Milan Bike Show in December 1979. The prototype was different again to Ducati's earlier bikes: it had a trellis frame, with the suspended motor acting as a stressed member, and the swingarm pivoted on the rear of the crankcase. The single overhead camshaft was driven by toothed rubber belt and primary transmission was via Morse chain . The front disc brake was a Campagnolo Hydroconico. The Pantah's performance was impressive: 500 cc, 50 hp (36.5 kW) @ 8500 rpm, 180 kg, 1450 mm of wheelbase, significantly better from the earlier bevel-head V twins which were too long, bulky and stable for racing. The Pantah's performance easily surpassed that of the ill-conceived 1976 parallel twins.
The 1980 Pantah 500SL had a plain bearing crankshaft and the same bore and stroke as the old 500 racer, 74 mm x 58 mm, but the head had a 60 degree included valve angle. The engines were noticeably lacking in bottom-end and mid-range torque, but they revved freely enough. The suspension seemed less precise than earlier Ducati models, and the 35 mm front forks lacked rigidity. Some riders found the final gearing too tall, and the intake and exhaust restrictive; but when these were changed for higher flow items with lowered gearing, it gave a performance increase.
Pantah 600SL, 600TL and TT2 racer.
The 1981 600SL had a fairing and hydraulic clutch activation. It had an 80 mm bore and the 58 mm stroke giving 583 cc, whereas the first Pantah based racer, the 600 cc TT2 racer used 81 mm) The last of the 600SL bikes had MHR paint. The styling of the 1982 600TL proved unpopular, and the model lasted only until 1983.
Pantah 650SL and TT1 750 racer.
In 1983 the 650SL was produced to homologate the TT1 750 racer's 61.5 mm stroke. Instead of producing a production 750, the 650SL was born with 82 mm bore and the required 61.5 mm stroke. bodywork is virtually identical to the 600 but was painted red and yellow, had a different instrument layout and some other minor changes, but it had more torque, and that was a big improvement and was considered by many as THE Pantah. The 650SL produced 63 hp at 8,500 rpm.
Cagiva takeover.
Cagiva took over Ducati Meccanica in 1985, and Ducati engines promptly appeared in Cagiva-badged motorcycles. The 650SL continued to be produced after the Cagiva take-over, and ended production in 1986. The Cagiva Alazzurra was a revamped Ducati Pantah.

</doc>
<doc id="6941162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941162" title="Reema Lamba">
Reema Lamba



</doc>
<doc id="6941164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941164" title="Erik I Ejegod">
Erik I Ejegod



</doc>
<doc id="6941165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941165" title="Jim Haberl Hut">
Jim Haberl Hut

The Jim Haberl Hut is an alpine hut located in the Tantalus Range near Squamish, British Columbia. The hut is maintained by the Alpine Club of Canada - Vancouver Section.
The hut sleeps 12, and is equipped with mattresses, cooking utensils, propane cooktops, and a propane heater. It was named for mountain guide, author and photojournalist Jim Haberl, who was killed in an avalanche while mountaineering in Alaska on April 29, 1999. The hut was built with the generous assistance of Alpine Club of Canada volunteers, the Jim Haberl Fund, and the Department of National Defense, 192 Airfield Engineering Flight in Abbotsford, BC.
The hut is located in the Serratus-Dione col, about a 6-hour hike above Lake Lovely Water and the Tantalus Hut or a full 14 hours (usually done over two days) from the Squamish River. The site is located on the edge of Tantalus Provincial Park.

</doc>
<doc id="6941166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941166" title="Lumberjax">
Lumberjax



</doc>
<doc id="6941172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941172" title="Sagas of Conan">
Sagas of Conan

Sagas of Conan is a 2004 omnibus collection of three previously issued fantasy books written by L. Sprague de Camp, Lin Carter and Björn Nyberg featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books.
Reception.
Paula Guran in "Cinefantastique" writes "Although [ Robert E. Howard's original Conan stories] were a huge influence, the Cimmerian really didn't begin to pervade our culture until the 1970s, due to the comics series and pastiches such as these. L. Sprague de Camp may be disdained for his 'editing' ... of original Howard material ... but his works are enjoyable and acceptable to most sword and sorcery fans, and it's nice to have them back in print. We're not sure why this is subtitled as three novels. This omnibus consists of two novels, 'Conan the Liberator' and 'Conan and the Spider God' (both by de Camp and Carter), and 'Conan the Swordsman' (a collection that also includes work by Bjorn Nyberg)." She gives the book three stars.

</doc>
<doc id="6941173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941173" title="Danish monarchs">
Danish monarchs



</doc>
<doc id="6941174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941174" title="Marcus Buckingham">
Marcus Buckingham

Marcus Wilfrid Buckingham (born 11 January 1966) is an English author, motivational speaker and business consultant based in California.
Early life and education.
Buckingham was born in High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire and grew up in the village of Radlett, Hertfordshire. His father was the Personnel Director at Allied Breweries. Buckingham had a stammer which he initially struggled with, and said he was unable to speak until the age of 13. He learned to manage it when asked to formally address other boys at his prep school, and pretended he was speaking to just one person, rather than 300. It proved a success: "At my prep school, everyone knew I had a stammer. At my boarding school, nobody knew."
Buckingham was educated at Edge Grove School, a boys' preparatory independent school in the village of Aldenham in Hertfordshire in Southern England, and then Aldenham School, a boarding independent school for boys (near Aldenham), which he left in 1984, followed by Pembroke College, Cambridge, from which he graduated with a degree in Social and Political Sciences, in 1987.
Career.
While studying at Cambridge, Buckingham was recruited by educational psychology professor Donald O. Clifton, the founder of Selection Research, Incorporated (SRI). Clifton had co-founded SRI to develop interviews that would allow businesses to identify talents in individuals, to match people to the right roles.
SRI acquired The Gallup Organization in 1988, and took on the Gallup name. As part of Gallup, Buckingham became a member of a team working on a survey that measured a broad range of factors that contribute to employee engagement. Based on those surveys and on interviews with thousands of managers, Buckingham published (with coauthor Curt Coffman) "First, Break All the Rules" (Simon and Schuster, 1999). According to its subtitle, the book describes "what the world's greatest managers do differently" The book became a New York Times best-seller and has over a million copies in print. It was also chosen by Jack Covert and Todd Sattersten as one of "The 100 Best Business Books of All Time" in their book of the same name.
The Marcus Buckingham Company (TMBC).
In 2006, Buckingham started The Marcus Buckingham Company (TMBC) to create management training programs and tools. The company helped him to launch a coordinated series of products in conjunction with the publication of "Go Put Your Strengths to Work". Most notable was "Trombone Player Wanted", involving a young boy who wants to abandon playing the trombone in favour of the drums (apparently based on Buckingham's own experience in music classes as a boy). Together, the book and the film series became the basis of a TMBC workshop called "Simply Strengths".
TMBC was acquired by ADP, LLC in January 2017.
Film and television appearances.
In addition to the self-published short film series "Trombone Player Wanted", Buckingham has made numerous television appearances as himself, on US television networks and cable channels including "The View" on ABC, "I Want to Work for Diddy" on VH1, "The Oprah Winfrey Show" on syndication, "Good Morning America" on ABC and "The Jane Pauley Show".
Personal life.
Buckingham and American author Jane Rinzler married in 1996 and divorced in 2017. They have a son, Jack, and a daughter, Lilia. He lives in California.

</doc>
<doc id="6941180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941180" title="Central Coast Division Rugby League">
Central Coast Division Rugby League

Rugby League Central Coast is a rugby league competition based on the Central Coast of New South Wales between Sydney and Newcastle. The competition was founded in 1947 as a junior competition for the Newcastle club, Lakes United. The competition rapidly expanded and grew, so much so that in 1967, it was upgraded to full membership of the Country Rugby League as Group 12. In 1981, it was upgraded and renamed Central Coast Division. The division covers the entire region of the Central Coast from Woy Woy and Umina in the south up to Budgewoi and Gwandalan in the north. In 2023, CCDRL and CCDJRL merged under one banner to become Rugby League Central Coast. Senior Competition - RLCC, Junior Competition - RLCCJ
Current clubs.
Teams timeline.
This timeline indicates the highest grade played. 
Team numbers.
Team numbers obtained and compiled from results published in the newspapers, "Central Coast Express", "Wyong Shire Advocate" and "Central Coast Express Advocate".
Previous teams.
First grade.
Current clubs Ourimbah, Wyong and later Woy Woy participated in the Central Coast Rugby League competitions that were held in 1915 and between 1919 and 1936. Teams from Gosford, Erina, Kincumber and Terrigal also competed, predecessors to the current clubs. The following teams were also involved: 
The following teams have participated in Central Coast First or 'A' Grade competitions since 1947: 
Wyong and Morisset combined in 1957 to field teams in A, B, C and D grades. Mount Penang competed in Under 18s from 1969 to 1975. The Gosford Townies fielded grade teams from 1948 to 1999, and junior teams from the 1950s.
Second division/open age.
A Second Division competition ran from 1976 to 2005. Clubs that were promoted to First Division / Grade were Toukley, Northern Lakes (Munmorah), Berkeley Vale and Kincumber. Junior club Budgewoi-Buff Point ran Second Division teams from 1978 to 2002 and in 2005.
Central Wyong competed in Second Division from 1977 to 2005, until 1988 as Grand Hotel. The club entered First Grade in 2006, dropped back to lower grades between 2007 and 2011, spent 2012 in the Newcastle &amp; Hunter competition, and returned to Central Coast First Grade between 2013 and 2015. Central Wyong ran junior teams from 1994 to 2015.
This competition is now known as Open Age.
The teams that competed in Second Division were:
Central Coast teams in other competitions.
In 2003 four Central Coast teams (Erina, Ourimbah, The Entrance and Woy Woy) decided to field teams in the then Jim Beam Cup, the third highest ranked NSW Competition (below NRL and NSW Cup) featuring mainly Sydney-based competition teams. All teams remained in the Central Coast first grade competition with effectively reserve grade teams. After three seasons, all apart from The Entrance withdrew from the competition. The Entrance Tigers entered teams in the competition until 2007 and again, under different competition names, between 2010 and 2014. The Entrance Tigers won the Jim Beam Cup in 2003 and 2007 and the Ron Massey Cup in 2014.
Also in 2003, Wyong entered the Newcastle Rugby League Competition which was perceived to be a stronger league. Wyong remained part of the Central Coast junior competition and up until 2006, also fielded senior teams locally. Wyong were runner's up in the Newcastle Rugby League in 2007 and First Grade Premiers in 2009. This was Wyong's third stint in Newcastle rugby league competitions, having previously competed in Second Grade in 1912, 1913 and 1914; in Third Grade in 1945 and in a Southern Newcastle competition in 1946.
In 2013 Wyong left the Newcastle competition in a dispute over salary caps and instead entered a team in the NSW Cup, the second highest level of senior rugby league in NSW after the NRL. For two seasons, Wyong was the only team in that competition without a direct affiliation with an NRL club. At the same time Wyong returned to the Central Coast first grade competition after a six-year absence. In 2015, Wyong affiliated with the Sydney Roosters.
The Berkeley Vale Panthers competed in the NSWRL Sydney Metropolitan Women's Rugby League competition in 2015, 2016 and 2017.
Senior Competition Premiers (2010–present).
The highest grade of senior rugby league in the Central Coast Division is the First Grade competition. In 2017 ten teams have entered the first grade competition; all ten also field teams in the Reserve Grade competition. Ten teams are competing the 2017 'Open Age' competition, a league for senior players at a standard below the first/reserve grade competition. A Ladies League tag competition began in 2015 and in 2017 involves ten teams and is sponsored by White Lady Funerals.
The 2020 and 2021 seasons were incomplete after being abandoned due to the COVID-19 pandemic. For full lists click the top of the section for that grade.

</doc>
<doc id="6941181" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941181" title="Erik I Evergood">
Erik I Evergood



</doc>
<doc id="6941184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941184" title="John Rillie">
John Rillie

John Peter Rillie (born 4 November 1971) is an Australian basketball coach and former player. He currently serves as head coach of the Perth Wildcats of the National Basketball League (NBL). He played 16 seasons in the NBL between 1995 and 2010 before embarking on a coaching career in the United States' college system.
Early life and career.
Rillie was born in Toowoomba, Queensland. Growing up in Toowoomba, he played basketball, cricket and Australian rules football. He attended Harristown State High School.
Rillie began his career with the Toowoomba Mountaineers in the Queensland Basketball League (QBL), where he was a member of the Mountaineers' back-to-back QBL championships in 1990 and 1991.
College career.
Rillie moved to the United States in 1991 to play college basketball for Tacoma Community College. In 1992, he transferred to Gonzaga, where he played the next three years. During his three seasons with the Bulldogs, he helped lead the team to the 1994 National Invitation Tournament and the school's first berth in the NCAA tournament in 1995.
Professional career.
After graduating college, Rillie returned to Australia and debuted in the National Basketball League (NBL) during the 1995 season with the Brisbane Bullets, where he won NBL Rookie of the Year. He joined the Adelaide 36ers in 1996 and played three seasons for them, winning a championship in 1998.
For the 1998–99 NBL season, Rillie joined the West Sydney Razorbacks. During the 1999 and 2000 off-seasons, he played for the Penrith Panthers in the SEABL.
After four seasons with the Razorbacks and a grand final appearance in 2001–02, Rillie moved to Greece for the 2002–03 season to play for AEK Athens. He returned to Australia in December 2002 and re-joined the Razorbacks. On 1 March 2003, he scored 45 points and made eleven 3-pointers in a 113–102 win over the Canberra Cannons. His 23.6 points per game during the 2002–03 NBL season earned him the scoring title. He had another 45-point game during the semi-finals of the 2003–04 NBL season. That season, he was named All-NBL First Team and helped the Razorbacks reach the grand final. He was subsequently granted a release from the final year of his contract with West Sydney.
In June 2004, Rillie signed with the Townsville Crocodiles. On 18 February 2009, he scored 34 points and made ten 3-pointers in the Crocodiles' 103–96 win over the Perth Wildcats in the elimination final.
His final season in the NBL came in 2009–10 with the New Zealand Breakers. He was limited to 12 games.
In 481 NBL games, Rillie averaged 16.3 points, 5.8 rebounds, 3.7 assists and 1.1 steals per game.
In November 2024, Rillie was inducted into the Queensland Basketball Hall of Fame.
National team career.
From 1997 to 2004, Rillie was a member of the Australian Boomers. He represented Australia at the 2004 Athens Olympics.
Coaching career.
In 2010, Rillie returned to the United States and during the 2010–11 season, he served as the director of basketball operations for the Boise State Broncos.
In 2011, Rillie was appointed an assistant coach of the Broncos, a position he held for six seasons. In 2017, he was hired as an assistant coach for the UC Santa Barbara Gauchos. After his first season with the Gauchos, he was promoted to associate head coach. The 2021–22 season was his fifth with the Gauchos and fourth as associate head coach.
Rillie was an assistant coach for the Australian Boomers at the Tokyo Olympics in July and August 2021, helping guide the Boomers to the bronze medal.
On 11 July 2022, Rillie was appointed head coach of the Perth Wildcats of the NBL on a three-year contract. Following the 2022–23 NBL season, he served on the New York Knicks coaching staff during the 2023 NBA Summer League. Following the 2023–24 NBL season, he served on the New Orleans Pelicans coaching staff during the 2024 NBA Summer League.
On 17 September 2024, Rillie signed a three-year contract extension with the Wildcats to remain as head coach until the end of the 2027–28 season.
Personal life.
Rillie and his wife Heidi have three children. Heidi is American but holds dual Australian citizenship. Their children were all born in Australia. His son, Jaron, plays college basketball in the United States for Northern Colorado.

</doc>
<doc id="6941185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941185" title="Iskander Hamidov">
Iskander Hamidov



</doc>
<doc id="6941192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941192" title="256th Infantry Brigade">
256th Infantry Brigade



</doc>
<doc id="6941194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941194" title="Aerö">
Aerö



</doc>
<doc id="6941197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941197" title="Pre-sectarian Buddhism">
Pre-sectarian Buddhism

Pre-sectarian Buddhism, also called early Buddhism, the earliest Buddhism, original Buddhism, and primitive Buddhism, is Buddhism as theorized to have existed before the various Early Buddhist schools developed, around 250 BCE (followed by later subsects of Buddhism).
The contents and teachings of this pre-sectarian Buddhism must be deduced or re-constructed from the earliest Buddhist texts, which by themselves are already sectarian. The whole subject remains intensely debated by scholars, not all of whom believe a meaningful reconstruction is possible. 
"Early Buddhism" may also be used for considerably later periods.
Name.
Various terms are being used to refer to the earliest period of Buddhism:
Some Japanese scholars refer to the subsequent period of the early Buddhist schools as "sectarian Buddhism".
Timespan.
Pre-sectarian Buddhism may refer to the earliest Buddhism, the ideas and practices of Gautama Buddha himself. It may also refer to early Buddhism as existing until the first documented split in the sangha. According to Lambert Schmithausen, it is "the canonical period prior to the development of different schools with their different positions." 
Contrary to the claim of doctrinal stability, early Buddhism was a dynamic movement. Pre-sectarian Buddhism may have included or incorporated other Śramaṇic schools of thought, as well as Vedic and Jain ideas and practices.
The period of "Early Buddhism" in the sense of pre-sectarian Buddhism is considered by scholars such as Paul J. Griffiths and Steven Collins to be from the time of the historical Buddha to the reign of Ashoka (c. 268 to 232 BCE). The first documented split occurred, according to most scholars, between the second Buddhist council and the third Buddhist council. Lamotte and Hirakawa both maintain that the first schism in the Buddhist sangha occurred during the reign of Ashoka. According to scholar Collett Cox "most scholars would agree that even though the roots of the earliest recognized groups predate Aśoka, their actual separation did not occur until after his death."
The first post-schismatic groups are often stated to be the Sthavira nikāya and the Mahāsāṃghika. Eventually, eighteen different schools came into existence. The later Mahayana schools may have preserved ideas which were abandoned by the "orthodox" Theravada, such as the Three Bodies doctrine, the idea of consciousness ("vijñāna") as a continuum, and devotional elements such as the worship of saints.
Earliest Buddhism and the Śramaṇa movement.
Pre-sectarian Buddhism was originally one of the śramaṇic movements. The time of the Buddha was a time of urbanisation in India, and saw the growth of the "śramaṇas", wandering philosophers that had rejected the authority of "Vedas" and Brahmanic priesthood, intent on escaping "saṃsāra" through various means, which involved the study of ascetic practices, and ethical behavior.
The "śramaṇas" gave rise to different religious and philosophical schools, among which pre-sectarian Buddhism itself, Yoga and similar schools of Hinduism, Jainism, Ājīvika, Ajñana, and Cārvāka were the most important, and also to popular concepts in all major Indian religions such as "saṃsāra" (endless cycle of birth and death) and "moksha" (liberation from that cycle). Nevertheless, despite the success that these wandering philosophers and ascetics had obtained by spreading ideas and concepts that would soon be accepted by all religions of India, the orthodox schools of Hindu philosophy ("āstika") opposed śramaṇic schools of thought and refuted their doctrines as "heterodox" ("nāstika"), because they refused to accept the epistemic authority of "Vedas".
The ideas of "saṃsāra", "karma" and rebirth show a development of thought in Indian religions: from the idea of single existence, at the end of which one was judged and punished and rewarded for one's deeds, or "karma"; to multiple existences with reward or punishment in an endless series of existences; and then attempts to gain release from this endless series. This release was the central aim of the Śramaṇa movement. Vedic rituals, which aimed at entrance into heaven, may have played a role in this development: the realisation that those rituals did not lead to an everlasting liberation led to the search for other means.
Scholarship and methodology.
Earliest Buddhism can only be deduced from the various Buddhist canons now extant, which are all already sectarian collections. As such any reconstruction is tentative. One method to obtain information on the oldest core of Buddhism is to compare the oldest extant versions of the Theravadin Pāli Canon, the surviving portions of the scriptures of Sarvastivada, Mulasarvastivada, Mahīśāsaka, Dharmaguptaka and other schools, and the Chinese āgamas and other surviving portions of other early canons (such as the Gandharan texts). Early proto-Mahayana texts which contain nearly identical material to that of the Pali Canon such as the Salistamba Sutra are also further evidence. 
This comparative study began in the 19th century, when Samuel Beal published comparative translations of the Pali patimokkha and the Chinese Dharmaguptaka pratimoksa (1859), showing they were virtually identical. He followed this up with comparisons between the Chinese sutras and the Pali suttas in 1882, accurately predicting that "when the Vinaya and Āgama collections are thoroughly examined, I can have little doubt we shall find most if not all the Pali Suttas in Chinese form." In the following decades various scholars continued to produce a series of comparative studies, such as Anesaki, Akanuma (who composed a complete catalogue of parallels), Yin Shun and Thich Minh Chau. These studies, as well as recent work by Analayo, Marcus Bingenheimer and Mun-keat Choong, have shown that the essential doctrinal content of the Pali Majjhima and Samyutta Nikayas and the Chinese Madhyama and Samyukta Agamas is mostly the same, (with, as Analayo notes, "occasional divergence in details").
According to scholars such as Rupert Gethin and Peter Harvey, the oldest recorded teachings are contained in the first four Nikayas of the Sutta Pitaka and their various parallels in other languages, together with the main body of monastic rules, which survive in the various versions of the patimokkha. Scholars have also claimed that there is a core within this core, referring to some poems and phrases which seem to be the oldest parts of the Sutta Pitaka.
The reliability of these sources, and the possibility to draw out a core of oldest teachings, is a matter of dispute. According to Tillman Vetter, the comparison of the oldest extant texts "does not just simply lead to the oldest nucleus of the doctrine." At best, it leads to 
According to Vetter, inconsistencies remain, and other methods must be applied to resolve those inconsistencies. Because of this, scholars such as Edward Conze and A.K. Warder have argued that only the material which is common to both the Sthavira and the Mahasamghika canons can be seen as the most authentic, since they were the first communities after the first schism. The problem is that there is little material surviving from the Mahasamghika school. However, what we do have, such as the Mahasamghika pratimoksha and vinaya, is mostly consistent in doctrine with the Sthavira texts. Other Mahasamghika sources are the Mahavastu and (possibly) the Śālistamba Sūtra, both of which also contains phrases and doctrines that are found in the Sthavira canons.
Further exemplary studies are the study on descriptions of "liberating insight" by Lambert Schmithausen, the overview of early Buddhism by Tilmann Vetter, the philological work on the four truths by K.R. Norman, the textual studies by Richard Gombrich, and the research on early meditation methods by Johannes Bronkhorst.
Scholarly positions.
According to Schmithausen, three positions held by scholars of Buddhism can be distinguished regarding the possibility to extract the earliest Buddhism from the Early Buddhist Texts:
Optimism regarding the early Buddhist texts.
In his history of Indian Buddhism (1988), Etienne Lamotte argues that while it "is impossible to say with certainty" what the doctrine of the historical Buddha was, "it is nonetheless a fact that, in order to appreciate early Buddhism, the only valid evidence - or indication - which we possess is the basic agreement between the Nikayas on the one hand and the Agamas on the other".
Likewise, Hajime Nakamura writes in his "Indian Buddhism", that "there is no word that can be traced with unquestionable authority to Gotama Sakyamuni as a historical personage, although there must be some sayings or phrases derived from him". Nakamura adds that scholars must critically search the early scriptures for the oldest layer of material to find the "original Buddhism". Nakamura held that some of the earliest material were the "gathas" (verses) found in the Suttanipata, as well as the Sagatha-vagga of the Samyutta-Nikaya, the Itivuttakas and the Udanas. These texts use less of the doctrinal material that is developed in other texts, are more likely to promote wilderness solitude over communal living and use terminology which is similar to Jain ideas.
British indologist Rupert Gethin writes that "it is extremely likely" that at least some of the suttas in the four main Nikāyas "are among the oldest surviving Buddhist texts and contain material that goes back directly to the Buddha." Gethin agrees with Lamotte that the doctrinal basis of the Pali Nikayas and Chinese Agamas is "remarkably uniform" and "constitute the common ancient heritage of Buddhism."
Richard Gombrich agrees that the four Nikāyas and the main body of monastic rules present "such originality, intelligence, grandeur and—most relevantly—coherence, that it is hard to see it as a composite work" and thus concludes that it is the work of one genius, even if he agrees that when it comes to the Buddha's biography "we know next to nothing".
Peter Harvey affirms that the four older Nikāyas preserve an "early common stock" which "must derive from his [the Buddha’s] teachings" because the overall harmony of the texts suggest a single authorship, even while other parts of the Pali canon clearly originated later.
The British indologist A. K. Warder writes that "we are on safe ground only with those texts the authenticity of which is admitted by all schools of buddhism (including the Mahayana, who admit the authenticity of the early canons as well as their own texts) not with texts only accepted by certain schools." Warder adds that when the extant material of the Tipitakas of the early Buddhist schools is examined "we find an agreement which is substantial, though not complete" and that there is a central body of sutras "which is so similar in all known versions that we must accept these as so many recensions of the same original texts."
Alexander Wynne has also argued for the historical authenticity of the early buddhist texts (contra skeptics like Gregory Schopen) based on the internal textual evidence found inside them as well as archaeological and inscriptional evidence. As noted by T.W. Rhys Davids, Wynne points out the pali texts depict a pre-Asokan north India and he also cites KR Norman who argues that they show no Sinhalese prakrit additions. Reviewing the literature by figures such as Frauwallner, Wynne argues that the pali suttas reached Sri Lanka by 250 BCE and that they preserved certain details about fifth century north India (such as that Uddaka Rāmaputta lived near Rajagrha). Wynne concludes:
The corresponding pieces of textual material found in the canons of the different sects – especially the literature of the Pāli school, which was more isolated than the others – probably go back to pre-sectarian times. It is unlikely that these correspondences could have been produced by the joint endeavour of different Buddhist sects, for such an undertaking would have required organisation on a scale which was simply inconceivable in the ancient world. We must conclude that a careful examination of early Buddhist literature can reveal aspects of the pre-Aśokan history of Indian Buddhism.
Pessimism.
One of the early Western skeptics was French indologist Émile Senart, who argued in his "Essai sur la legende du Buddha" (1875) that the legends of Buddha's life were derived from pre-Buddhist myths of solar deities.
The late Edward Conze held that there was an "absence of hard facts" regarding the first period of Buddhism and regarding the teachings of the Buddha, "none of His sayings is preserved in its original form." Since we only possess a small fraction of the Buddhist literature that must have circulated during the early period, Conze held that all the scholarly attempts to reconstruct the 'original' teachings were "all mere guesswork" because "that which we have may have been composed at any time during the first 500 years" and "there is no objective criterion which would allow us to single out those elements in the record which go back to the Buddha Himself." Conze argues that comparative study using the sources of different schools could give us some knowledge of the pre-sectarian period doctrine, but he adds that such knowledge might not take us to the earliest period after the Buddha's nirvana, which is a period that is "shrouded in mystery and to which we cannot penetrate."
Japanese Buddhologist Kogen Mizuno argues in his "Buddhist Sutras" (1982) that the material we possess may not contain the actual words of the Buddha because "they were not recorded as he spoke", but compiled after his death and also because they do not survive in the original language (some form of Magadhi Prakrit) but "transmitted in other Indic languages of later periods, and without doubt conscious and unconscious changes in the Buddha's words were made during several centuries of oral transmission." Mizuno does note that Pali is the oldest of these, but it is still different from old Magadhi and it is from a different region (Western India).
Ronald M. Davidson, a scholar of tantric Buddhism, while acknowledging that most scholars agree that the early community maintained and transmitted a rough body of sacred literature, writes that "we have little confidence that much, if any, of surviving Buddhist scripture is actually the word of the historical Buddha." His view is that:
More persuasively, the Buddhist order in India might be considered the greatest scriptural composition community in human history. Given the extraordinary extent of the material passing at any one time under rubric of the “word of the Buddha,” we might simply pause and acknowledge that Indian Buddhists were extraordinarily facile litterateurs.
The American scholar Gregory Schopen holds that "we cannot know anything definite about the actual doctrinal content of the nikäya/ägama literature much before the fourth century C.E." Schopen is very critical of modern Buddhist studies because of its preference for literary evidence that "in most cases cannot actually be dated and that survives only in very recent manuscript traditions" that have been "heavily edited" and were intended as normative not historical accounts. Schopen believes that the preference for texts over archeology and epigraphy is a mistake and that it is Buddhist epigraphy which are the earliest written sources. Regarding the textual sources, Schopen holds that even the oldest sources such as the Pali canon, "cannot be taken back further than the last quarter of the first century B.C.E, the date of the Alu-vihāra redaction," but that actually it is not until the 5th or 6th centuries CE "that we can know anything definite about the actual contents of this canon." He notes that references to "Tipitaka" and "Nikaya" date from much later periods than the Asokan era (such as Kaniska's reign). Only a few texts have been identified in Asoka's edicts (such as his Bhabra Edict), but these are all short verse texts and are nothing like the suttas of the first and second Nikayas. Schopen concludes that it is only "from the end of the fourth century, that some of the doctrinal content of Hinayana canonical literature can finally be definitely dated and actually verified."
Regarding the view of comparative critical scholars that agreement between the different sectarian texts points to a common early source, Schopen counters that since this kind of higher criticism is already being done on texts which belong to "uniformly late stages of the literary tradition." Schopen believes instead that the agreement was produced by the sharing of literature and ideas between the different sects at a later date. Schopen defines this position as:
If all known versions of a text or passage agree, that text or passage is probably late; that is, it probably represents the results of the conflation and gradual leveling and harmonization of earlier existing traditions.
Citing Bareau and Wassilieff, he holds that it is just as likely that textual agreement among the different canons was produced by parallel development and contact between the different Indian traditions.
Moderate skepticism and reconstructionism.
According to Constantin Regamey, the view followed by the "Franco-Belgian" school of buddhology (which applies to figures like Jean Przyluski, Louis de la Vallee Poussin, A. Weller, and A.B. Keith) did not consider the Pali Canon a straightforward "faithful reflection of the teachings of the Buddha". This group of scholars sought to use all available sources to reconstruct the original teachings of the Buddha in a way which diverged from the Pali focused perspective of Anglo-German indologists such as Oldenberg and Frauwallner. 
A common position of the Franco-Belgian school was that primitive Buddhism did not have such negative view of nirvana, but that it was a positive reality, a kind of immortal state (amrta) similar to the godly abode of svarga found in the Edicts of Ashoka. 
These mainly continental European scholars attempted to reconstruct early Buddhism drawing on many sources, including Mahayana sources, instead of only relying on the Pali Canon. However, in the post-war years, Franco-Belgian scholars like Jean Filliozat mostly stuck to a moderate skepticism which did not hypothesize about what the original Buddhism may have been and merely focused on looking at the sectarian sources which currently exist (and which do not go back to the earliest period). Filliozat argues that any reconstruction "would remain purely ideal" and might be lacking in key doctrines that might have been lost over time. Since all the canons were edited at different times throughout history, any reconstruction would never arrive at original Buddhism. 
Polish scholar Stanislaw Schayer (1899 - 1941) was one figure who followed this reconstructionist method to put forth a hypothesis of an alternative early Buddhist worldview. Schayer argued that the Nikayas preserve elements of an archaic form of Buddhism which is close to Brahmanical beliefs, and survived in the Mahayana tradition. As noted by Alexander Wynne, Schayer drew on passages "in which "consciousness" (viññana) seems to be the ultimate reality or substratum (e.g. A I.10), as well as the "Saddhatu Sutra", which is not found in any canonical source but is cited in other Buddhist texts." According to Schayer, contrary to popular opinion, the Theravada and Mahayana traditions may be "divergent, but equally reliable records of a pre-canonical Buddhism which is now lost forever." The Mahayana tradition may have preserved a very old, "pre-Canonical" tradition, which was largely, but not completely, left out of the Theravada-canon. 
Schayer searched through various early sources for ideas that contradict the dominant doctrinal positions of the early canon. According to Schayer, these ideas have were "transmitted by a tradition old enough and considered to be authoritative by the compilers of the Canon." He thus considers these ideas which were "doctrines contradictory to the generally admitted canonical viewpoint" as "survivals of older, precanonical Buddhism." 
Constantin Regamey has identified four points which are central to Schayer's reconstruction of precanonical Buddhism: 
According to Ray, Schayer has shown a second doctrinal position alongside that of the more dominant tradition, one likely to be of at least equivalent, if not of greater, antiquity. However, according to Edward Conze, Schayer's views are "merely a tentative hypothesis" and that it is also possible that these ideas later entered Buddhism, as a concession to "popular demand, just as the lower goal of birth in heaven ("svarga") was admitted side by side with Nirvana." Conze thought that both were equally possible.
The French scholar Constantin Regamey argues that Schayer's general position is cogent. Regamey argues that the various Buddhist canons, like the Pali canon, have many chronological layers and include "many divergences and contradictions." As such, one cannot rely on any single one of them to construct the original view of the Buddha, especially since the teachings found in them are mostly composed of "terms, formulas, or bare patterns" that can and have been interpreted in many different ways. Regamey argues that a broader historicist method is needed, which draws on numerous sources, historical evidence and the very internal contradictions found in the canon. He argues that a broader historical method can show that early Buddhism might have supported ideas that are similar to Brahamanical theories of consciousness or some Mahayana views on consciousness and Buddhahood.
A similar view is defended by Christian Lindtner. Lindtner argues that some early Buddhist sources point to stainless formless consciousness which is similar to Brahmanical ideas and later Mahayana views. He also argues that ancient Buddhist view of nirvana was likely cosmological (and had similarities with ancient Vedic cosmology) and that it was an eternal realm at the peak of existence (bhutakoti) one could reach by wisdom. 
Teachings of earliest Buddhism.
The "Dhammacakkappavattana Sutta" is regarded by the Buddhist tradition as the first discourse of the Buddha. Scholars have noted some persistent problems with this view. Originally the text may only have pointed at "the middle way" as being the core of the Buddha's teaching, which pointed to the practice of "dhyana". This basic term may have been extended with descriptions of the eightfold path, itself a condensation of a longer sequence. Some scholars believe that under pressure from developments in Indian religiosity, which began to see "liberating insight" as the essence of "moksha", the four noble truths were then added as a description of the Buddha's "liberating insight".
Death, rebirth and "karma".
According to Tilmann Vetter, the Buddha at first sought "the deathless" ("amata/amrta"), which is concerned with the here and now. According to Edward Conze, "Death" was an error which could be overcome by those who entered the "doors to the Deathless", "the gates of the Undying." According to Conze, the Buddha saw death as a sign that "something has gone wrong with us." The Buddha saw death as brought on by an evil force, Mára, "the Killer," "who tempts us away from our true immortal selves and diverts us from the path which could lead us back to freedom." Our cravings keep us tied to Mára’s realm. By releasing our attachments we move beyond his realm, and gain freedom from "saṃsāra", the beginningless movement of death and rebirth.
"Karma" is the "intentional" ("cetanā") actions which keep us tied to "saṃsāra". Two views on the liberation from "saṃsāra" can be discerned in the śramaṇic movements. Originally "karma" meant "physical and mental activity". One solution was to refrain from any physical or mental activity. The other solution was to see the real self as not participating in these actions, and to disidentify with those actions. According to Bronkhorst, the Buddha rejected both approaches. Nevertheless, these approaches can also be found in the Buddhist tradition, such as the four formless "jhanas", and disidentification from the constituents of the self.
Bruce Matthews notes that there is no cohesive presentation of "karma" in the Sutta Pitaka, which may mean that the doctrine was incidental to the main perspective of early Buddhist soteriology. Schmithausen is a notable scholar who has questioned whether "karma" already played a role in the theory of rebirth of earliest Buddhism. According to Schmithausen, "the karma doctrine may have been incidental to early Buddhist soteriology." According to Vetter, "the deathless" ("amata/amrta") is concerned with the here and now. Only after this realization did he become acquainted with the doctrine of rebirth. Bronkhorst disagrees, and concludes that the Buddha "introduced a concept of karma that differed considerably from the commonly held views of his time." According to Bronkhorst, not physical and mental activities as such were seen as responsible for rebirth, but intentions and desire.
Soul.
According to Bronkhorst, referring to Frauwallner, Schmithausen and Bhattacharya,
The Four Noble Truths.
According to Eviatar Shulman, the doctrine of the Four Noble Truths is rooted in "a meditative perception regarding the arising and passing away of mental events" which also includes a "detached attitude" to phenomena. Out of this practice of "meditative observation" developed a theoretical or discursive philosophical understanding.
K.R. Norman concluded that the earliest version of the "Dhamma-cakka-ppavattana" sutta did not contain the word "noble", but was added later. Lambert Schmithausen concluded that the four truths were a later development in early Buddhism.
Carol Anderson, following Lambert Schmithausen and K.R. Norman, notes that the four truths are missing in critical passages in the canon, and states:
The four truths probably entered the Sutta Pitaka from the Vinaya, the rules for monastic order. They were first added to enlightenment-stories which contain the Four Jhanas, replacing terms for "liberating insight". From there they were added to the biographical stories of the Buddha:
According to both Bronkhorst and Anderson, the four truths became a substitution for prajna, or "liberating insight", in the suttas in those texts where "liberating insight" was preceded by the four jhanas. According to Bronkhorst, the four truths may not have been formulated in earliest Buddhism, and did not serve in earliest Buddhism as a description of "liberating insight". Gotama's teachings may have been personal, "adjusted to the need of each person."
This replacement was probably caused by the influence and pressures of the wider Indian religious landscape, "which claimed that one can be released only by some truth or higher knowledge."
The Noble Eightfold Path.
According to Tilmann Vetter, the description of the Buddhist path may initially have been as simple as the term "the middle way". In time, this short description was elaborated, resulting in the description of the eightfold path. Vetter and Bucknell both note that longer descriptions of "the path" can be found, which can be condensed into the Noble Eightfold Path. One of those longer sequences, from the "CulaHatthipadopama-sutta", the "Lesser Discourse on the Simile of the Elephant's Footprints", is as follows:
Satipatthana.
According to Grzegorz Polak, the four "upassanā" have been misunderstood by the developing Buddhist tradition, including Theravada, to refer to four different foundations. According to Polak, the four "upassanā" do not refer to four different foundations, but to the awareness of four different aspects of raising mindfulness:
"Dhyāna".
According to Bronkhorst, "dhyana" was a Buddhist invention, whereas Alexander Wynne argues that "dhyana" was incorporated from Brahmanical practices, in the Nikayas ascribed to Āḷāra Kālāma and Uddaka Rāmaputta. These practices were paired to mindfulness and insight, and given a new interpretation. Kalupahana argues that the Buddha "reverted to the meditational practices" he had learned from Āḷāra Kālāma and Uddaka Rāmaputta. Norman notes that "the Buddha's way to release [...] was by means of meditative practices." Gombrich also notes that a development took place in early Buddhism resulting in a change in doctrine, which considered "prajna" to be an alternative means to "enlightenment".
"Dhyāna" and insight.
A core problem in the study of early Buddhism is the relation between "dhyana" and insight. The Buddhist tradition has incorporated two traditions regarding the use of "dhyana" ("jhana"). There is a tradition that stresses attaining insight ("bodhi", "prajñā", "kensho") as the means to awakening and liberation. But it has also incorporated the yogic tradition, as reflected in the use of "jhana", which is rejected in other sutras as not achieving the final result of liberation. The problem was famously voiced in 1936 by Louis de La Vallee Poussin, in his text "Musila et Narada: Le Chemin de Nirvana".
Schmithausen notes that the mention of the four noble truths as constituting the core of "liberating insight", which is attained after mastering the Rupa Jhanas, is a later addition to texts such as Majjhima Nikaya 36. Schmithausen discerns three possible roads to liberation as described in the suttas, to which Vetter adds the sole practice of "dhyana" itself, which he sees as the original "liberating practice":
This problem has been elaborated by several well-known scholars, including Tilman Vetter, Johannes Bronkhorst, and Richard Gombrich.
The meaning of "samadhi".
Traditionally, meditation is often described as "samadhi", one-pointed concentration, and "dhyana" and "samadhi" are often referred to interchangeably. Yet, Schmithausen, Vetter and Bronkhorst note that the attainment of insight and mindfulness, which is a cognitive activity, cannot be possible in a state wherein all cognitive activity has ceased. Vetter notes that "penetrating abstract truths and penetrating them successively does not seem possible in a state of mind which is without contemplation and reflection."
According to Richard Gombrich, the sequence of the four "rupa-jhanas" describes two different cognitive states, namely concentration followed by a sharpened attention. Alexander Wynne further explains that the "dhyana"-scheme is poorly understood. According to Wynne, words expressing the inculcation of awareness, such as "sati", "sampajāno", and "upekkhā", are mistranslated or understood as particular factors of meditative states, whereas they refer to a particular way of perceiving the sense objects. According to Gombrich, "the later tradition has falsified the jhana by classifying them as the quintessence of the concentrated, calming kind of meditation, ignoring the other - and indeed higher - element.
According to Vetter and Bronkhorst, "dhyāna" itself constituted the original "liberating practice". Vetter further argues that the eightfold path constitutes a body of practices which prepare one, and lead up to, the practice of "dhyana".
Liberating insight.
Discriminating insight into transiency as a separate path to liberation was a later development. According to Johannes Bronkhorst, Tillman Vetter, and K.R. Norman, "bodhi" was at first not specified. K. R. Norman:
According to Norman, "bodhi" may basically have meant the knowledge that "nibbana" was attained, due to the practice of "dhyana".
Bronkhorst notes that the conception of what exactly this "liberating insight" was developed throughout time. Whereas originally it may not have been specified, later on the four truths served as such, to be superseded by "pratityasamutpada", and still later, in the Hinayana schools, by the doctrine of the non-existence of a substantial self or person. And Schmithausen notices that still other descriptions of this "liberating insight" exist in the Buddhist canon: 
The developing importance of liberating insight may have been due to an over-literal interpretation by later scholastics of the terminology used by the Buddha, or to the problems involved with the practice of "dhyana", and the need to develop an easier method. According to Vetter it may not have been as effective as "dhyana", and methods were developed to deepen the effects of discriminating insight. Insight was also paired to "dhyana", resulting in the well-known "sila-samadhi-prajna" scheme. According to Vetter this kind of preparatory "dhyana" must have been different from the practice introduced by the Buddha, using kasina-exercises to produce a "more artificially produced dhyana", resulting in the cessation of apperceptions and feelings. It also led to a different understanding of the eightfold path, since this path does not end with insight, but rather starts with insight. The path was no longer seen as a sequential development resulting in "dhyana", but as a set of practices which had to be developed simultaneously to gain insight.
According to Alexander Wynne, the ultimate aim of "dhyana" was the attainment of insight, and the application of the meditative state to the practice of mindfulness. According to Frauwallner, mindfulness was a means to prevent the arising of craving, which resulted simply from contact between the senses and their objects. According to Frauwallner this may have been the Buddha’s original idea. According to Wynne, this stress on mindfulness may have led to the intellectualism which favoured insight over the practice of "dhyana".
Insight and dhyana as complementary.
Rupert Gethin rejects the notion of two opposing paths, arguing that a close study of the "bodhipakkhiyādhammās", particularly the "bojjhangas", shows how there is no conflict between samadhi and insight practices in early Buddhism, but that "in fact it turns out that the characteristically early Buddhist conception of the path leading to the cessation of suffering is that it consists precisely in the combining of calm and insight."
Bhikkhu Analayo, scholar of the early texts, has also critiqued the view that there are two contrasting views of liberation in the early sources (i.e. dhyana vs insight). According to Analayo, samadhi and insight are actually two complementary aspects of the path to liberation. Analayo refers to Damien Keown who writes that, for the Buddha, "there exist two techniques of meditation precisely because the obstacles to enlightenment are themselves twofold, both moral and intellectual." Analayo also refers to Collett Cox, who noted that it is possible that the Buddhist goal of the elimination of the "asravas" “subsumes knowledge and concentration as equally cooperative means rather than mutually exclusive ends,” and that this view is also reflected in Abhidharma.
Keren Arbel describes the fourth "jhana" as "non-reactive and lucid awareness," not as a state of deep concentration. She sees samadhi and insight as closely connected, and argues that in the Pali suttas, "the entrance into the first jhāna is the actualization and embodiment of insight practice."
Dependent origination.
While "Pratītyasamutpāda", "dependent origination," and the "twelve nidānas", the links of dependent origination, are traditionally interpreted as describing the conditional arising of rebirth in "saṃsāra", and the resultant "duḥkha" (suffering, pain, unsatisfactoriness), an alternate Theravada questions the authenticity of this interpretation, and regards the list as describing the arising of mental formations and the resultant notion of "I" and "mine," which are the source of suffering.
Scholars have noted inconsistencies in the list, and regard it to be a later synthesis of several older lists. The first four links may be a mockery of the Vedic-Brahmanic cosmogeny, as described in the "Hymn of Creation" of Veda X, 129 and the Brihadaranyaka Upanishad. These were integrated with a branched list which describe the conditioning of mental processes, akin to the five skandhas. Eventually, this branched list developed into the standard twelvefold chain as a linear list. While this list may be interpreted as describing the processes which give rise to rebirth, in essence it describes the arising of "dukkha" as a psychological process, without the involvement of an atman.
37 factors of enlightenment.
According to A.K. Warder the Bodhipakkhiyādhammā, the 37 factors of enlightenment, are a summary of the core Buddhist teachings which are common to all schools. These factors are summarized in the "Maha-parinibbana Sutta", which recounts the Buddha's last days, in the Buddha's last address to his bikkhus:
Alex Wayman has criticized A.K. Warder, for failing to present an integrated picture of early Buddhism. But according to Gethin, the bodhipakkhiyādhammā provide a key to understanding the relationship between calm and insight in early Buddhist meditation theory, bringing together the practice of jhana with the development of wisdom.
Nirvana.
As cessation and ending of rebirth.
Most modern scholars such as Rupert Gethin, Richard Gombrich and Paul Williams hold that the goal of early Buddhism, nirvāṇa ("nibbana" in Pali, also called "nibbanadhatu", the property of nibbana), means the 'blowing out' or 'extinguishing' of greed, aversion, and delusion (the simile used in texts is that of a flame going out), and that this signifies the permanent cessation of samsara and rebirth. As Gethin notes, "this is not a 'thing' but an event or experience" that frees one from rebirth in samsara. Gombrich argues that the metaphor of blowing out refers to fires which were kept by priests of Brahmanism, and symbolize life in the world.
According to Donald Swearer, the journey to nirvana is not a journey to a "separate reality", but a move towards calm, equanimity, nonattachment and nonself. Thomas Kasulis notes that in the early texts, nirvana is often described in negative terms, including “cessation” ("nirodha"), “the absence of craving” ("trsnaksaya"), “detachment,” “the absence of delusion,” and “the unconditioned” ("asamskrta"). He also notes that there is little discussion in the early buddhist texts about the metaphysical nature of nirvana, since they seem to hold that metaphysical speculation is an obstacle to the goal. Kasulis mentions the "Malunkyaputta sutta" which denies any view about the existence of the Buddha after his final bodily death, all positions (the Buddha exists after death, does not exist, both or neither) are rejected. Likewise, another sutta (AN II 161) has Sāriputta saying that asking the question "is there anything else?" after the physical death of someone who has attained nibbana is conceptualizing or proliferating ("papañca") about that which is without proliferation ("appapañcaṃ") and thus a kind of distorted thinking bound up with the self.
As a kind of consciousness or a place.
Edward Conze argued that nirvana was a kind of Absolute. He mentions ideas like the "person" ("pudgala"), the assumption of an eternal "consciousness" in the Saddhatu sutra, the identification of the Absolute, of Nirvana, with an "invisible infinite consciousness, which shines everywhere" in Digha Nikaya XI 85, and "traces of a belief in consciousness as the nonimpermanent centre of the personality which constitutes an absolute element in this contingent world" as pointing to this.
Influenced by Schayer, M. Falk argues that the early Buddhist view of nirvana is that it is an "abode" or "place" of prajña, which is gained by the enlightened. This nirvanic element, as an "essence" or pure consciousness, is immanent within samsara. The three bodies are concentric realities, which are stripped away or abandoned, leaving only the nirodhakaya of the liberated person. A similar view is also defended by C. Lindtner, who argues that in precanonical Buddhism Nirvana is:
According to Lindtner, Canonical Buddhism was a reaction to this view, but also against the absolutist tendencies in Jainism and the Upanisads. Nirvana came to be seen as a state of mind, instead of a concrete place. Elements of this precanonical Buddhism may have survived the canonisation, and its subsequent filtering out of ideas, and re-appeared in Mahayana Buddhism. According to Lindtner, the existence of multiple, and contradicting ideas, is also reflected in the works of Nagarjuna, who tried to harmonize these different ideas. According to Lindtner, this lead him to taking a "paradoxical" stance, for instance regarding nirvana, rejecting any positive description.
Referring to this view, Alexander Wynne holds that there is no evidence in the Sutta Pitaka that the Buddha held this view, at best it only shows that "some of the early Buddhists were influenced by their Brahminic peers". Wynne concludes that the Buddha rejected the views of the vedas and that his teachings present a radical departure from these brahminical beliefs.

</doc>
<doc id="6941198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941198" title="İskander Hamidov">
İskander Hamidov



</doc>
<doc id="6941208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941208" title="Australian aboriginal place names">
Australian aboriginal place names



</doc>
<doc id="6941216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941216" title="Dianne Houston">
Dianne Houston

Dianne Houston is an African-American film director, producer and screenwriter. She is the first, and thus far only, African-American woman to be nominated for an Academy Award for work she directed.
Early life.
Dianne Houston was born on July 22, 1954, to Jack, an Army psychologist, and Edith, a schoolteacher. She grew up in the Lamond Riggs neighborhood of Washington, D.C.
She attended Woodrow Wilson High School, and was also a student at the Workshops for Careers in the Arts on the campus of George Washington University.
When she was 16, she moved to New York City to become an actress. However, frustrated by the lack and caliber of roles for black women, she decided to write her own plays. She later returned to Washington, D.C., in order to earn a fine arts degree in theater direction from Howard University.
Houston then moved back to New York City, where she wrote and directed for the street performance troupe, CityKids Repertory Company.
Early career.
Houston's first play, "The Fishermen", was produced in 1977. She directed it at the Back Alley Theater in Washington, D.C. The play went on to be performed at the East Bay Arts Center in Richmond, the Sojourner Truth Cultural Arts Center in Fort Worth, and the 14th Street Playhouse in Atlanta.
Houston's writing eventually caught the attention of Warner Bros. The company sought her out to provide "doctoring" on one of its screenplays.
In 1990, she became a writer and executive story editor for the Oprah Winfrey-produced series, "Brewster Place," a continuation of the miniseries, "The Women of Brewster Place", based on the Gloria Naylor novel of the same name.
In 1992, Houston was commissioned to write "The International Sweethearts of Rhythm,” a screenplay about an all-women’s 1940's jazz band, inspired by an article the producers read about Rosetta Reitz in "The Wall Street Journal".
In 1994 Houston wrote the screenplay for "Override", a science fiction short film based on the short story, "Over the Long Haul," by Martha Soukup. The film, starring Emily Lloyd and Lou Diamond Phillips, was directed by Danny Glover.
Academy Award nomination.
In 1995, Danny Glover introduced Houston to the Chanticleer Films program, which gave industry professionals their first chance to direct. She was one of four people selected to participate from 1,000 applicants. Through the program, she directed the short film, "Tuesday Morning Ride", starring Ruby Dee and Bill Cobbs.
The film, about an elderly couple questioning the current value of their lives, is based on the 1933 short story, "A Summer Tragedy", by Harlem Renaissance writer, Arna Bontemps. Houston said of the film, "I have two elderly people with everything to live for and no way to do it in this society".
In 1996, the film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film. Houston became the first African-American woman to be nominated for an Oscar for directing work, and was also the only African-American nominee out of nearly 170 total nominations.
Told by top publicists that "Black women are not a novelty," Houston was unable to obtain a publicist for the awards, and wound up doing her own publicity. At the Academy Awards luncheon, the valet also refused to let her park her car, telling her that the parking area was "for nominees only."
Jesse Jackson, pointing out Houston being the only nominee of color, called for a boycott of the Oscars and led a demonstration against Academy Award broadcaster, ABC, to protest the film industry's lack of racial inclusion in hiring and creative opportunities. At the time, blacks accounted for less than four percent of the Academy's 5,000 members, and only two percent of the Directors Guild, Writers Guild and Local 44 members, respectively.
As of 2020, Houston remains the only black woman to have ever been nominated for an Oscar for directing.
Later career.
Houston has since directed for a variety of TV series, including "Empire", "NYPD Blue" and "Crossing Jordan".
As a screenwriter, she has written for Touchstone Pictures, Stephen Herek, and actors Danny Glover, Dustin Hoffman, Charles S. Dutton, Eddie Murphy, Missy Elliot, and Viola Davis.
Personal life.
Houston moved to Los Angeles in 1993. In 2005, after being diagnosed with Stage 3 cancer, she took a seven-year work hiatus to focus on her health.
She is married with two children. She is a lesbian.

</doc>
<doc id="6941221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941221" title="Yellow Dog contract">
Yellow Dog contract



</doc>
<doc id="6941229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941229" title="List of concrete and visual poets">
List of concrete and visual poets

Below is a partial list of concrete poets and visual poets from around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="6941234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941234" title="Arthur Gunter">
Arthur Gunter

Arthur Neal Gunter (May 23, 1926 – March 16, 1976) was an American blues guitarist and musician. He was best known for his song "Baby Let's Play House", which was later a hit single for Elvis Presley.
Biography.
Gunter was born in Oglethorpe County, Georgia. As a child, he was in a gospel group with his brothers and cousins called the Gunter Brothers Quartet. In the early 1950s, he played in various blues groups around Nashville, Tennessee, and began recording for Excello Records in 1954.
In November 1954, Gunter recorded "Baby Let's Play House" for Excello (2047), which not only became a local hit, but peaked at number 12 in the US "Billboard" R&amp;B chart. It became better nationally known the next year, when Elvis Presley recorded a version for Sun Records.
Gunter continued to record for Excello until 1961. His regular band broke up in 1966 and he moved to Pontiac, Michigan, performing only occasionally thereafter. He retired after winning the Michigan State Lottery in 1973.
He died of pneumonia in 1976, aged 49, at his home in Port Huron, Michigan.
Reissues.
No album was issued on Excello until the 1971 "Black and Blues" (LP-8017). In 1995, Excello/AVI issued the CD, "Baby Let's Play House" (CD-3011). In 2015, Japanese Oldays issued a limited edition 23 track CD, "Baby Let's Play House". Also in late 2016, UK Jasmine issued an Arthur Gunter CD, also called "Baby Let's Play House".

</doc>
<doc id="6941240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941240" title="East Hebei Army">
East Hebei Army

The East Hebei Army was raised from the former soldiers of the Peace Preservation Corps that had been created by the Tangku Truce of 31 May 1933. The Demilitarized Zone Peace Preservation Corps had been the "neutral" force policing the demilitarized area south of the Great Wall when Yin Ju-keng, at the instigation of the Japanese, proclaimed an Autonomous Government of Eastern Hebei in November 1935, with its capital at Tongzhou. 
The Peace Preservation Corps was disbanded and absorbed by the East Hebei Army and was trained by Japanese advisors, officers from the Kwantung Army, who drilled the men by day and gave them anti-communist lectures by night. The Japanese officers had final say in all matters pertaining to the army. Trained for a year, the Japanese believed they had created a reliable and well trained force. Intended for local policing they were only equipped with rifles and sidearms, and had no machine guns or artillery.
Organization.
The East Hebei Army had four Corps divided into three Brigades each and a Training Corps. Each brigade (called "Divisions") was divided into three sub-brigades; each sub-brigade had an attached Japanese Advisor. "Strength and organization July, 1937:"
Operations.
In December 1935, 4th Detachment of the East Hebei Army attacked the Nationalist held towns of Taku and the port of Tanggu. Forces from the 32nd Army killed two of the East Hebei soldiers and the rest retreated. Threats were made by the Japanese and the 32nd Army was withdrawn. The East Hebei Army then occupied the two towns. In July 1937, they were involved in the Marco Polo Bridge Incident and Battle of Beiping-Tianjin until they revolted in the Tongzhou mutiny on the morning of 29 July 1937. After the mutiny was put down by the Japanese, the East Hebei Army was dissolved, as was the Autonomous Government. 

</doc>
<doc id="6941252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941252" title="Austin Leslie">
Austin Leslie

Austin Leslie (July 2, 1934 – September 29, 2005) was an internationally famous New Orleans, Louisiana, chef whose work defined 'Creole Soul'. He died in Atlanta, Georgia, at the age of 71 after having been evacuated from New Orleans; he had been trapped in his attic for two days in the 98 °F heat, in the aftermath of the August 29 Hurricane Katrina. He was honored with the first jazz funeral after Katrina on October 9, 2005, in the still largely-deserted city. The procession, led by the Hot 8 Brass Band, marched through the flood-ravaged remains of Leslie's old Seventh Ward neighborhood, starting out at Pampy's Creole Kitchen and stopping along the way at the location of the original Chez Helene.
With his trademark captain's cap, lambchop sideburns, and broad smile, he was known as the Godfather of Fried Chicken. His distinctive style was the inspiration for the restaurant imagery of the 1987 television show "Frank's Place".
Biography.
Early years.
While still in high school, Leslie worked at Portia's Fountain on Rampart Street, first as a delivery boy and later in the kitchen under Chef Bill Turner. One of the featured dishes was a crispy fried chicken garnished with sliced dill pickles, which the owner taught him to cook. This would become Leslie's signature item over the next fifty years.
After high school he worked as a chef's assistant at the D. H. Holmes restaurant. The Holmes department store catered primarily to relatively affluent white people, and for the four and half years he worked there Leslie was not allowed to prepare orders directly for customers, doing prep work instead.
In 1964, his Aunt Helen opened Chez Helene and Leslie went to work full-time as the chef.
Chez Helene.
The original location of the restaurant was on North Robertson Street, near the French Quarter. It became the classic "underground" restaurant, featuring good food at reasonable prices in an off-the-beaten-path location. Despite the modest surroundings, it was compared favorably to the grand New Orleans restaurants such as Brennan's, Antoine's, and Commander's Palace. In addition to receiving rave reviews from the local food critics, Chez Helene also caught the attention of national food writers such as R.W. "Johnny" Apple of "The New York Times" and Calvin Trillin.
The restaurant served haute creole dishes like Oysters Rockefeller as well as down-home items like stuffed bell pepper, smothered cabbage with pig tails, fried chicken livers, and mustard greens. His aunt retired in 1975 and sold the restaurant to Leslie.
Despite its commercial and culinary success, the North Robertson neighborhood became unsafe. Cab drivers would not travel to the area, and hotel concierges would no longer recommend the restaurant. Leslie moved his business to the French Quarter and opened a branch in Chicago. He also tried his hand at running a number of fried chicken outlets. But the new location did not have the same charm as the original and Leslie eventually closed Chez Helene in 1995 after thirty years of operation. After closing the Chez Helene he wrote and published the cookbook Creole-Soul.
Creole in California.
In 1992, Chef Austin combined with Oakland, California-based New Orleans Bill Creole Potato Salads/Food wholesale co. to manufacture and distribute Austin's legendary Creole cooking to New Orleans Bill's supermarket customer base all over California. Austin and "New Orleans Bill", a native New Orleanian himself, started by doing Festivals and Supermarket cooking demonstrations all over California.
Denmark and back to New Orleans.
After Chez Helene, Leslie worked for six months in Denmark as the executive chef of "N'Awlins". He appeared on Danish television and prepared gumbo and jambalaya for the Copenhagen Jazz Festival. After he returned to New Orleans, Leslie met Jacques Leonardi and joined on as the fry-cook of the newly opened restaurant in the Carrollton neighborhood of New Orleans. He introduced his signature Fried Chicken with Persillade garnished with a dill pickle to a new generation of eaters.
In October 2004, he left Jacques-Imo's and joined Stan "Pampy" Barre at Pampy's Creole Kitchen in the Seventh Ward. When asked why he left, Leslie said, "I didn't move away from Jack because of money. I moved away from Jacques-Imo's because I wanted to get away from frying. I'm going to die. But I'm not going to die over that fryer." At Pampy's he worked as both a mentor to the kitchen staff, sharing his formidable knowledge of Creole cooking, and as a good-will ambassador in the front of the house, greeting and chatting with guests.
Death.
Like many in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Leslie fled up to the attic of his house to escape rising flood waters. He was rescued from his rooftop after two days and evacuated first to the Morial Convention Center, then briefly to Arkansas, and finally to Atlanta. He was admitted to an Atlanta hospital on September 28, 2005, with a high fever and died the next day from a heart attack.
Personal life.
Leslie was Catholic.

</doc>
<doc id="6941253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941253" title="Monophonic audio">
Monophonic audio



</doc>
<doc id="6941258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941258" title="Music conservatories of Naples">
Music conservatories of Naples

This is a list of music conservatories in Naples, Italy.
Conservatorio di San Pietro a Majella.
The Naples Conservatory of Music is a music school located in Naples, Italy. It is situated in the complex of San Pietro a Majella.
It was originally located in the church of the former monastery of San Sebastiano and was called the "Conservatorio di San Sebastiano", formed in 1807 by the merger of the Conservatorio di Santa Maria di Loreto, the Conservatorio di Sant' Onofrio in Capuana, and the "Conservatorio della Pietà dei Turchini". It also became known as the "Real Collegio di Musica", and after 1826 when it moved to its current location, as the "Conservatorio di Musica San Pietro a Majella". 
The conservatory and adjacent church are today part of the old San Pietro a Majella monastic complex, built at the end of the 13th century and dedicated to the monk Pietro da Morone, who became Pope Celestine V in 1294. The conservatory houses an impressive library of manuscripts pertaining to the lives and musical production of composers who lived and worked in Naples, among whom are Alessandro Scarlatti, Pergolesi, Vincenzo Battista, Domenico Cimarosa, Rossini, Bellini, and Donizetti. Vittorio Monti, who around 1904 composed the famous Csárdás, studied violin and composition at this conservatory. Another student was Leonardo De Lorenzo, flautist of many American orchestras and teacher at the Eastman School of Music. The historical museum has a display of rare antique musical instruments.
The historic conservatories.
San Pietro a Majella is the last in a long string of establishments that have been music conservatories in Naples. Their existence goes back to the Spanish rule of the city as a vicerealm starting in the early 16th century. These early conservatories were "Santa Maria di Loreto", "Pietà dei Turchini", "Sant'Onofrio a Capuana", and "I Poveri di Gesù Cristo". They enjoyed a considerable reputation as training grounds not only for young children to be trained in church music, but, eventually, as a feeder system into the world of commercial music once that opened up in the early 17th century. 
Conservatorio di Santa Maria di Loreto.
Santa Maria di Loreto was built in 1535 and was the original conservatory in Naples, coming at the beginning of the Spanish expansion of Naples under the city's most famous viceroy, don Pedro de Toledo. It is the first secular music conservatory. Alumni include Salvatore Lanzetti and Domenico Cimarosa. Old maps show Santa Maria di Loreto to have been a seafront "borgo" —a separate section of town. Thus, the conservatory was beyond the Spanish fortifications that guarded the southeastern approach to Naples.
Conservatorio di Sant'Onofrio a Capuana.
Sant'Onofrio a Capuana dates from 1578 and counts as its alumni Niccoló Jommelli, Giovanni Paisiello, Niccolò Piccinni, and Antonio Sacchini, four of the great names in the 18th century Neapolitan music. The Italian Baroque composer Cristofaro Caresana was a director from 1667 until 1690. The original building still stands, just across the street on the north side of the old Vicaria, the tribunale, the Naples Hall of Justice.
Conservatorio della Pietà dei Turchini.
The building of the Conservatorio della Pietà dei Turchini, built in 1583, still stands on via Medina, near city hall. The Church of Pietà dei Turchini, still consecrated has a plaque explaining the role of the conservatory among the major four. The name "conservatory" originally indicated a place that "conserved" orphans and young women. All of the institutions instructed their wards in music; thus was born the modern meaning of "music school"." By the 19th century however, most of the pupils of the conservatory were not orphans.
Evidence of the productivity of this conservatory is that among its pupils were: Giovanni Salvatore, Francesco Provenzale, Gaetano Greco, Nicola Fago, Carmine Giordani, Michele de Falco, Leonardo Leo, Giuseppe de Majo, Lorenzo Fago (Son of Nicola Fago) (1704–1793), Nicola Sala, Niccolo Jommelli, Girolamo Abos, Pasquale Cafaro, Pasquale Errichelli, Giacomo Tritto, Ferdinando Orlandi, Gaspare Spontini, Giuseppe Farinelli, and Luigi Lablache. 
Teachers of this Conservatory, some of whom had been pupils listed above, included: Giovanni Maria Sabino, Erasmo di Bartolo, Giovanni Salvatore, Francesco Provenzale (1624–1704), Cristoforo Caresana, Gennaro Ursino, Nicola Fago (1677–1745), Giacomo Sarcuni (1690–1759), Lorenzo Fago (1704–1793), Nicola Sala (1713–1801), Girolamo Abos (1715–1760), Pasquale Cafaro (1716–1787), and Giacomo Tritto (1733–1824).
Conservatorio dei Poveri di Gesù Cristo.
The Conservatorio dei Poveri di Gesù Cristo was founded in 1589 by Marcello Fossataro, a Franciscan friar. It was adjacent to the church of Santa Maria a Colonna on via dei Tribunale. Illustrious names connected with the school include the philosopher Giovan Battista Vico; a "maestro de [sic] grammatica" from 1620 to 1627. Musical luminaries at the conservatory included Francesco Durante, Gaetano Greco, Nicola Porpora, Leonardo Vinci and Giovanni Battista Pergolesi. This conservatory was suppressed in November 1743 and converted into an establishment of the archiepiscopal seminary.
Conservatorio di San Sebastiano.
In 1806, with Napoleon Bonaparte's brother, Joseph, installed as the king of Naples in what would be a decade of French rule of the kingdom, monastic life in the kingdom was drastically reorganized and the three surviving monastery music schools were consolidated into a single building, the Church of San Sebastiano, not far from the modern conservatory. Finally, in 1826 that consolidated conservatory was moved to the present site.

</doc>
<doc id="6941266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941266" title="Jeffrey James Weise">
Jeffrey James Weise



</doc>
<doc id="6941270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941270" title="Gay Future">
Gay Future

Gay Future was the racehorse at the centre of an attempted fraud by an Irish betting syndicate in Great Britain in 1974 involving two chestnut horses. The plot's ringleaders were the millionaire Irish builder Tony Murphy, a racing enthusiast, and the Scottish trainer Antony Collins.
Preparation.
At his stables, Collins initially presented a poorly performing horse as if it were the real Gay Future. This lowered the expectations of reviewers, and hence raised the betting odds on offer when the horse was entered in the Ulverston Novice Hurdle at Cartmel in Cumbria to be held during the Bank holiday on 26 August 1974. The real horse was illicitly substituted, for the impostor, Arctic Chevalier, in an M6 lay-by.
On the day.
The attempted fraud took place on the busiest day in the racing calendar with ten events taking place, and bets being made in numerous betting shops in London in double and triple wagers, which involved Gay Future in combination bets with two additional horses trained by Collins in earlier races at other courses. On the day, these two additional horses were withdrawn shortly before the races; they were never intended to run and remained at their stables. Numerous bets would now roll over onto Gay Future, as the conspirators had planned.
Cartmel Racecourse, a small isolated venue, had only one telephone line at the time connecting it with the outside world. This was deliberately kept engaged to prevent enquiries being made by betting firms headquarters, and the on course Tote was over worked by accomplices to prevent other bets being placed on the horse, which would have lowered the odds from 10-1. Soap flakes were rubbed into the horse's legs to give the false impression that he was sweating. Gay Future won easily, by fifteen lengths, but bookmakers refused to pay out before an inquiry. In Ireland, however, they paid out. Collins's other two horses involved in the scam were discovered at this time to have remained at their stables and suspicions were further raised.
Trial and legacy.
Following an investigation by Scotland Yard's Serious Crimes Squad, a trial was held at Preston Crown Court in February 1976. The two leading syndicate members, Collins and Murphy, were convicted of conspiracy to defraud the bookmakers. Mr Justice Caulfield, a sympathetic judge, fined Collins £1,000 combined with a suspended prison sentence. The UK's Jockey Club "warned off" Collins and Murphy from British racecourses for ten years. The horse, Gay Future, broke his neck and died, aged six, at a racing event in Wetherby in January 1976.
The affair was dramatised in "Murphy's Stroke" (1980), a TV film produced by Thames Television with Pierce Brosnan and Niall Toibin in the leads. At an event commemorating the 40th anniversary in late August 2014 at the Cartmel racecourse, Collins said that he did not regret his actions.

</doc>
<doc id="6941275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941275" title="Cristian Minculescu">
Cristian Minculescu



</doc>
<doc id="6941284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941284" title="Pressman Toy Corp.">
Pressman Toy Corp.



</doc>
<doc id="6941288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941288" title="Picus (bird)">
Picus (bird)

Picus is a genus of birds in the woodpecker family. It has representatives in Europe, Asia and North Africa. The genus name is Latin for "woodpecker". The genus "Picus" was erected by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in 1758 in the tenth edition of his "Systema Naturae".
These are large woodpeckers, typically with green upperparts. They are found in forests or more open woodland, and lay their white eggs in a tree hole nest, typically on a bed of wood chips. "Picus" woodpeckers are primarily insect eaters, with several species specialising in taking ants or termites. Some species will also consume fruit or eggs. Insects are captured by a rapid outward flick of the long tongue and gummed to its tip by sticky saliva. This genus is less completely arboreal than some other woodpecker groups, and its members often feed on the ground, attacking anthills or termitaries.
Taxonomy.
The genus "Picus" was introduced in 1758 by the Swedish naturalist Carl Linnaeus in the tenth edition of his "Systema Naturae". The genus name is the Latin word for a woodpecker. "Picus" was a figure in Roman mythology, the first king of Latium who was changed into a woodpecker by the sorceress Circe. Of the 13 species in the genus listed by Linnaeus, the English naturalist William Swainson designated the European green woodpecker ("Picus viridis") as the type species.
The genus contains 14 species:
Former species.
The following were formerly included in "Picus", but are now placed in "Chrysophlegma".
An extinct woodpecker has been described from a fossil of a left tarsometatarsus dating from late Miocene. It may belong to this genus and has been given the binomial name "Picus peregrinabundus".

</doc>
<doc id="6941291" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941291" title="Seinan Wars">
Seinan Wars



</doc>
<doc id="6941293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941293" title="South Otago High School">
South Otago High School

South Otago High School is situated in Balclutha, Otago, in the South Island of New Zealand. It is the largest school in the South Otago region. The country's second longest river, the Clutha River, marks the northeastern boundary of the School's grounds.
The school has a strong rivalry with the smaller but older Tokomairiro High School in the neighbouring town of Milton. Links with the past at the school include a stand of oak trees, which dominate the school's grounds. These were already several decades old at the time of the school's founding. One of these oaks is commemorated on the school's arms, along with the Southern Cross. These two symbols also represent strength and a striving for higher ideals, also reflected in the school's motto of "Fide et Fortitudine".
History.
Founded in 1926, the school is one of the South Island's oldest non-urban full secondary schools. At its opening, the school roll was 135, and the school initially shared classrooms with other nearby schools until the completion of its own building – now the school's main block – on 5 hectares of land in 1927. The school's first rector was John Reid, who held the post until 1931. From the following year, J. Garfield Anderson became rector, a post he held until 1954, during which time the school grew greatly in both size and scope. 
The school today.
South Otago High School is a co-educational high school with a roll of 580 students, of whom some 15% are Māori. Facilities include several computer rooms, two gymnasia – one with squash courts and fitness room, art, music, and technology suites, and science laboratories. The school also boasts 17 hectares of superb sporting fields and courts. 
In 2002 there was a small outbreak of group C meningococcal disease in Balclutha, and students at this school and at Rosebank Primary School were vaccinated against the disease. 
In April 2006, South Otago High School became the first New Zealand school to run a Jeans for Genes day in aid of the Haemophilia Foundation of New Zealand. Jeans for Genes, a charitable event originating in the United Kingdom, sees schools raising funds to help children with genetic disorders through sponsored events on a day on which school uniform is temporarily replaced by the wearing of denim jeans.
In September 2008 new principal Nick Simpson reopened plans to establish an area computing facility.
Enrolment.
As of , the school has roll of students, of which (%) identify as Māori.
As of , the school has an Equity Index of , placing it amongst schools whose students have socioeconomic barriers to achievement (roughly equivalent to decile 4 under the former socio-economic decile system).

</doc>
<doc id="6941301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941301" title="Abasolo, Durango">
Abasolo, Durango

Abasolo is a small town that is part of the municipality of Rodeo in the Mexican state of Durango.
Geography.
It is located next to the Nazas River which originates at the Sierra Madre Occidental. The nearest city is Rodeo, which is the head of the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="6941302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941302" title="Isezakicho Street">
Isezakicho Street



</doc>
<doc id="6941305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941305" title="Motomachi Street">
Motomachi Street



</doc>
<doc id="6941312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941312" title="Task Force Games">
Task Force Games

Task Force Games was a game company started in 1979 by Allen Eldridge and Stephen V. Cole. TFG published many games, most notably including both "Star Fleet Battles" (currently published by the original designers, Amarillo Design Bureau) and the "Starfire" series of games (which is now published by Starfire Design Studio), which were later novelized by David Weber into such books as "In Death Ground", "The Shiva Option" and "Insurrection". Eldridge sold the company to New World Computing in 1988, which became a division of The 3DO Company in 1996 and went out of business in 2003.
During the period that TFG was owned by New World Computing, the two companies attempted the first-ever simultaneous release of a board game and computer game. The two versions of King's Bounty wound up releasing about 9 months apart, and after NWC had sold TFG to John Olsen. Future versions of New World Computing's version of King's Bounty were called Heroes of Might &amp; Magic to avoid confusion between the two very different games that had been designed by different designers. TFG never wound up releasing a second version of the King's Bounty board game.
TFG also published historical games such as "Battlewagon" and "History of the Second World War". One game, "Supervillains" (1982), attempted to combine a board wargame with elements of role-playing. 
Task Force Games also published a series of "Pocket Games", their version of microgames. Several of these microgames were later expanded and released as board games. TFG microgames include:
Many of the games were considered cutting edge for their time. One distinct feature that many of them had was that unlike many wargames of that era, players often had a degree of customization over their armies—For instance, in the "Starfire" series, a player could design every component of his starships, and in Robots!, a player could build his individual robots from a modular design, making trade-offs in price and functionality between different movement and weapons systems.
Most Task Force Games products were designed by Stephen V. Cole.
Task Force Games became the parent of AutoVentures and began releasing their products, beginning with "The Road" in 1985.
Reception.
In a retrospective review of the "Pocket Games" line in "Black Gate", John ONeill said "Task Force Games had a huge hit with their Pocket games line. Shipped in zip locks bags (eventually shrinkwrap), and priced at $3.95, the games were designed to be easy to learn and quick to play. All told they released twenty-two, all but three with science fiction or fantasy themes, including many that are still highly regarded today."

</doc>
<doc id="6941315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941315" title="Sikh women">
Sikh women



</doc>
<doc id="6941316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941316" title="Sleeping Car to Trieste">
Sleeping Car to Trieste

Sleeping Car to Trieste is a 1948 British comedy thriller film directed by John Paddy Carstairs and starring Jean Kent, Albert Lieven, Derrick De Marney and Rona Anderson. It was written by Allan MacKinnon and is a remake of the 1932 film "Rome Express".
Plot.
Zurta and Valya are at ease in sophisticated society. Zurta steals a diary from the safe of an embassy in Paris while they are guests at a reception there, killing a servant who walks in on the theft. Poole, an accomplice, is passed the diary, but double-crosses them and attempts to flee with it on the Orient Express traveling between Paris and Trieste. Just in time, Valya and Zurta board the train, on which compartments are scarce, leading to unintended consequences.
They start looking for Poole, who seeks to conceal himself and the diary, which is said to be capable of kindling a new conflict in the aftermath of World War II. Other travelers on the train, some of whom become involved incidentally in the intrigue, include a US Army sergeant with an eye for the ladies, an adulterous couple, a pestering stockbroker, an arrogant and wealthy writer, his brow-beaten secretary, an ornithologist, and a famed French police inspector. Staff and other passengers provide light-hearted scenes. The diary passes through the hands of several people before the police investigate Poole’s mysterious death. Just when it is successfully completed, Zurta takes it at gunpoint and leaps from the train…not safely onto the tracks but unknowingly immediately in front of a passing express.
Production.
In October 1947 it was announced Two Cities would film a remake of "Rome Express".
The film was originally known as "Sleeping Car to Vienna". It was shot at Denham Studios outside London with sets were designed by the art director Ralph Brinton.
Rona Anderson made her film debut. "I did enjoy doing it", said Anderson. "It was a film full of nice little cameo performances ... Paddy Carstairs had a good way of relaxing you and I think he had a very good way with actors generally."
It was the one movie Albert Lieven made while under contract to Rank for five years.
Jean Kent later stated she "didn't like" the film "and didn't get on very well" with Carstairs. "You never knew where you were with him ... I don't remember enjoying it. I had silly clothes. I wanted to be very French in plain black and a little beret but I had to wear these silly New Look clothes. I was playing a superspy of some kind. But who was I spying for?"
Release.
The film proved more popular in the US than most British films, enjoying a long run in New York.
Reception.
"The Monthly Film Bulletin" wrote: "'This is a film which has put to use and made the most of a holding story, although many scenes and characters are irrelevant. The difficult characters call for some competent acting which is generally fulfilled. David Tomlinson is an excellent bore, and Alan Wheatley plays the part of the terrified man on the run well. The humour is adequate, the suspense and climax are good. This is good entertainment, but perhaps not for those who have previously seen "Rome Express"."
In "The Radio Times Guide to Films" David Parkinson gave the film 2/5 stars, writing: "While 1932's "Rome Express" was a sleek, fast-moving turbo of a crime drama, this unnecessary remake is something of a branch-line diesel that director John Paddy Carstairs insists on stopping at every country halt. ... Comparisons are inevitable, if slightly unfair, but none of the cast improves on the original characterisations."
"The New York Times" wrote, "not without its trying moments, but on the whole it is a mighty interesting ride ...The director John Paddy Carstairs shrewdly maneuvers the pursuers and the hunted about the train in a natural and credible manner so that the poss ibility of an imminent meeting creates a good deal of tension...None of the principals is too familiar to audiences here, and at times dialogue is lost in some of the players' throats, but the performances are generally satisfying."

</doc>
<doc id="6941323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941323" title="Anthony Stewart (basketball player)">
Anthony Stewart (basketball player)

Anthony Stewart (born 15 April 1970) is an Australian basketball coach and former player. He played 17 seasons in the National Basketball League (NBL) and won two NBL championships with the Perth Wildcats in 1995 and 2000. He also played eight seasons for the Hobart Chargers in the South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL). He served as head coach of the Chargers in 12 seasons over three stints between 2009 and 2024.
Early life.
Stewart was born in Burnie, Tasmania.
Playing career.
NBL.
Stewart debuted in the National Basketball League (NBL) in 1992 with the Hobart Devils. He played for the Devils in 1992, 1993 and 1994, before joining the Perth Wildcats in 1995. He played six seasons for the Wildcats, winning NBL championships in 1995 and 2000.
Stewart joined the Cairns Taipans for the 2000–01 NBL season, where he played seven seasons and 223 games. He was released by the Taipans in March 2007. He served as the Taipans' captain in 2004–05, co-captain in 2005–06, and captain again in 2006–07.
Stewart joined the Townsville Crocodiles for the start of the 2007–08 NBL season, where he played four games between 26 September and 11 October as an injury replacement.
SEABL.
Stewart debuted in the South East Australian Basketball League (SEABL) in 1989 for Devonport (later known as NW Tasmania). He played for the Launceston Ocelots in the SEABL in 1990, 1991 and 1992.
Between 2005 and 2011, Stewart played in the SEABL for the Hobart Chargers. He was named to the All SEABL South Conference All-Star team in 2007 and was team captain in 2008 when the Chargers won the SEABL championship. He served as player-coach in 2009, 2010 and 2011; sole coach in 2012; and then player-coach again in 2013. He left the Chargers following the 2013 season.
National team.
Stewart played for the Australian Boomers in 2001.
Coaching career.
In November 2015, Stewart returned to the Hobart Chargers as head coach ahead of the 2016 SEABL season, signing on for three seasons. He guided the Chargers to the SEABL championship in 2018. He initially re-signed with the Chargers for another year but the team opted not to enter the 2019 NBL1 season following the demise of the SEABL.
In December 2018, Stewart joined the Southern Huskies as head coach for their inaugural season in the New Zealand NBL. The Huskies endured what was described as "shambolic" away trips across the Tasman during the 2019 New Zealand NBL season which strained relationships between staff and players, only some of whom were being paid on time. At one stage late in the season, players threatened mutiny due to non-payment. Stewart endured a period he described as "the worst six months of his life". The Huskies missed the post-season with a fifth-place finish and a 9–9 record and subsequently withdrew from the New Zealand NBL and folded.
Stewart was set to return to the Hobart Chargers for the 2020 NBL1 season but the team ultimately missed the entire year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. He made his return as Chargers head coach in the NBL1 South in the 2021 season, guiding the team to a third-place finish with an 11–4 record. He re-signed for the 2022 season and led the Chargers to the NBL1 South championship after they defeated the Mount Gambier Pioneers in the grand final. He re-signed for the 2023 season.
In November 2024, Stewart stepped down as head coach of the Chargers and moved into a director of coaching role at the club.

</doc>
<doc id="6941325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941325" title="If I Could Fly (Helloween song)">
If I Could Fly (Helloween song)

"If I Could Fly" is a power ballad song and single made by German power metal band Helloween, from their album "The Dark Ride". The song begins with a grand piano that combines itself with distorted guitars and pounding drums. The lyrics depict a man in a journey of self-discovery. The song was written by Helloween frontman Andi Deris. The song has become one of Helloween's most popular, joining Future World, I Want Out and "Eagle Fly Free" on their live setlists. It was released in some countries as "If I Could Fly". In Japan, it was released as "Mr. Torture".

</doc>
<doc id="6941331" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941331" title="Conscription in Mexico">
Conscription in Mexico

Military Service in Mexico (in Spanish, Servicio Militar Nacional, or SMN) currently involves all males reaching the age of eighteen years. Selection is made by a lottery system using the following color scheme: those who draw a black ball must serve as "availability reservists", that is, they are not required to perform any activities whatsoever and will receive their discharge card at the end of the year. Those who draw a white ball must serve “framed” which means, they must start service immediately from 8am-1pm for one year in total, until they receive the discharge card. Conscripts who live in Mexico will go to their closest mayor’s office or municipal board to complete the service. Those who live abroad perform the service abroad at a consulate, skip the ball lottery, and complete the service as “availability reservists”. 
The ones who get a white ball serve in a Batallón del Servicio Militar Nacional (National Military Service Battalion) composed entirely of one-year SMN conscripts. In certain cities, such as Veracruz and Ciudad Madero, the lottery system also includes a blue ball; whoever draws it must serve in the Naval Infantry MS Battalions.
In 2003, President Vicente Fox Quesada reformed the law to allow for voluntary military service to be performed by females of military age. Volunteers (females) always serve as “framed” and get a certificate of achievement in place of a discharge card.
“Framed” conscripts are trained in basic combat with fire weapons, in one infantry Battalion either of the Army or Naval Infantry.
History.
Their formation was brought about after German submarine attacks against Mexican oil tankers that were providing fuel and material to the Allies during World War II. These attacks eventually caused the Mexican government to declare war on Nazi Germany and the other Axis powers. Mexico sent an expeditionary force, the Escuadrón 201, to fight in the Battle of Luzon.
In 2014, President Enrique Peña Nieto introduced short three-month service terms for servicemen.
Activities include exercise, gardening, picking up falling trees, agility drills, weapons instruction, classes about military doctrine, patriotism, civil defense and military laws, saluting the flag, cleaning up parks and street, painting and in some cases martial arts and self-defense training.

</doc>
<doc id="6941333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941333" title="Wagina">
Wagina



</doc>
<doc id="6941334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941334" title="Murphy's Stroke">
Murphy's Stroke



</doc>
<doc id="6941340" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941340" title="Transportation in San Diego County">
Transportation in San Diego County

The following is a list of transportation options in San Diego County, California.
Rail services.
Local.
San Diego Trolley.
The San Diego Trolley is a light rail that serves the metropolitan area including central San Diego, East County, South County to the border.
COASTER commuter rail.
The San Diego Coast Express Rail, or COASTER is a forty-one-mile commuter rail line that connects the North County to central San Diego. Eight stations in total are served, between Oceanside and downtown San Diego.
SPRINTER hybrid rail.
The SPRINTER is a 22-mile light rail line between Oceanside and Escondido, California. Fifteen stations are served, including stops in the cities of Oceanside (western terminus), Vista, San Marcos, and Escondido (eastern terminus).
SPRINTER service is operated with Siemens Desiro diesel multiple units manufactured in Germany, where they are widely used.
Regional.
Amtrak "Pacific Surfliner".
The Pacific Surfliner is a 350-mile (563 km) Amtrak passenger train route serving communities on the coast of Southern California between San Diego and San Luis Obispo with stops in Los Angeles.
Metrolink.
Metrolink is a commuter rail network connecting major cities in Southern California including San Diego via transfers at Oceanside, Anaheim, Los Angeles, and Riverside. Metrolink does not serve the immediate San Diego area, just Oceanside in northern San Diego County.
Bus services.
Buses in San Diego County are operated by two agencies: MTS and NCTD. A third agency, CTS (County Transit System) formerly operated in the eastern and southern suburbs and Poway but was integrated into MTS in 2002.
Metropolitan Transit System.
The San Diego Metropolitan Transit System (MTS) is the public transit service provider for Central, South, and East San Diego County. MTS operating subsidiaries include the San Diego Trolley, Incorporated (SDTI) and San Diego Transit, Corporation (SDTC). San Diego Transit directly operates approximately half of all fixed-route bus services within its service area. The remainder is provided under contractual agreements with Transdev or Southland Transportation Services. Some MTS bus routes connect to Breeze services in Escondido or Ramona in the NCTD service area.
MTS also provides the MTS Access service (provided under contractual agreement with First Transit) throughout its service area. This service is a point-to-point service provided upon request by passengers who qualify for special assistance under the ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act). This service is available in most of the cities of San Diego and Poway, as well as most of the southern and eastern suburbs of San Diego, and connections are available to a similar NCTD service.
The city of Chula Vista contracts with Transdev to provide fixed-route bus service.
North County Transit District.
The North County Transit District's (NCTD) "BREEZE" operates 34 bus routes in the northern portion of the county from Del Mar, Escondido, and Ramona, to Orange County and Riverside County lines. Routes are in the 300 and 400 series (with the exception of route 101).
Bus Passes and transfers may be used both on MTS and NCTD services including the bus and the trolley, but the use of the COASTER] may require an upgrade.
In addition, express buses from the Riverside Transit Agency connect Temecula with Oceanside and Escondido.
Bus rapid transit.
MTS and NCTD operate bus rapid transit lines in San Diego County. Breeze Rapid and SuperLoop are BRT-lite implementations in Escondido and University City respectively. There is a signal priority and dedicated stations but no dedicated lanes or similar infrastructure. MTS launched MTS Rapid service along the I-15 corridor June 8, 2014, launched San Diego State University and downtown San Diego and launched Otay Mesa and downtown San Diego in 2015.
Road services.
Public roads.
San Diego County has an extensive network of public roadways that allows vehicle drivers and bicyclists convenient direct access to all practical destinations in the county. Major freeways were built and repeatedly expanded to serve the needs of commuters coming into the city from the suburban regions of North County, South Bay, and East County, as well as the Tijuana metropolitan area.
San Diego is the terminus of three primaries interstate highways. Interstate 5 begins at the U.S.-Mexico border and heads north to Los Angeles. Interstate 8 begins at the Sunset Cliffs Boulevard in Ocean Beach, and heads east to the Imperial Valley and Arizona. Interstate 15 begins as State Route 15 at Interstate 5 in Southeast San Diego near Naval Base San Diego, becomes a formal interstate at Interstate 8 in Mission Valley, then heads northeast to the Inland Empire and then Las Vegas.
Bikeways.
Public bikeways in San Diego County consisting of Class 1 bike paths, which are separate from the public roads, Class 2 bike lanes, which are demarcated space on the roadways designated to be used primary by bicyclists, and Class 3 bike routes, which are regular surface streets designated as being particularly attractive to bicyclists. SANDAG publishes a map that shows all of these bikeways in the greater San Diego Metropolitan area annually, and it is available at most local bike shops.
Air services.
San Diego International Airport is the only airport in San Diego County to have commercial air service, though formerly McClellan–Palomar Airport in Carlsbad also had commercial air service.
San Diego International Airport is the busiest single-runway commercial airport in the world, with approximately 600 departures and arrivals carrying an average of over 55,000 passengers a day, and over 24 million passengers a year.
However, it occupies a much smaller footprint compared to other airports in the United States. As a result, recently, numerous plans have been proposed to either add another airport in the area or relocate it entirely.
Since December 9, 2015, the Cross Border Xpress terminal in Otay Mesa has given direct access to Tijuana International Airport, with passengers walking across the U.S.–Mexico border on a footbridge to catch their flight on the Mexican side. It is the only airport in the world with terminals located on the territory of two countries.
Ferry services.
The Coronado Commuter Ferry takes morning and afternoon commuters across San Diego Bay from Broadway Pier and the Coronado Ferry Landing. San Diego Harbor Excursion operates ferry shuttles directly to and from the Broadway Pier, San Diego, the Coronado Ferry Landing and the Fifth Avenue Landing.
An international ferry service to Ensenada, Baja California is expected to launch in early 2025, which would be operated by Azteca Ferries.
Pronto (Smart Card).
PRONTO is the universal electronic fare system used in San Diego County. It replaced the previous smart card system, Compass. Fares are paid either with the mobile app or the reloadable contactless smart card and accepted on different systems such as MTS buses, the San Diego Trolley, North County Buses, the Coaster, and the Sprinter.
Taxis.
There are a variety of taxi companies that are legally allowed to operate in the San Diego area. The general rate of each trip is $3/mile and there is an additional fee tacked on of $2 when being picked up from an airport. The RideYellow app launched in 2016 and provides a steep discount of 33% off of each ride taken through the app in order to compete with other ridesharing platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="6941351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941351" title="Paulien van Dooremalen">
Paulien van Dooremalen

Paulien van Dooremalen (born 4 July 1985) is a Dutch former badminton player from Duinwijck and she also played for the Badminton Club Amersfoort. She currently resides in Arnhem and was a doubles specialist. She also featured in the Netherlands women's team that won the 2006 European Women's Team Championships, and also the silver medal at the world women's team championships, 2006 Uber Cup in Japan. She won the Dutch National Mixed doubles title in 2008 with Ruud Bosch. She also won the National Women's doubles twice in 2010 and 2011 with Lotte Jonathans.
Personal life.
She is the daughter of the former Netherlands national badminton coach and director Martijn van Dooremalen.
Achievements.
BWF Grand Prix.
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
BWF International Challenge/Series/European Circuit.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="6941357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941357" title="Second Buddhist countil">
Second Buddhist countil



</doc>
<doc id="6941358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941358" title="Neil Primrose (politician)">
Neil Primrose (politician)

Neil James Archibald Primrose (14 December 1882 – 15 November 1917) was a British Liberal politician and soldier. The second son of Prime Minister Lord Rosebery, he represented Wisbech in parliament from 1910 to 1917 and served as Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in 1915 and as joint-Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury from 1916 to 1917. He died from wounds received in action in Palestine in 1917.
Background.
Primrose was born at Dalmeny House near Edinburgh, the second son of Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery, Prime Minister to Queen Victoria from 1894 to 1895, and Hannah de Rothschild, daughter of Baron Mayer de Rothschild. He was the brother of Harry Primrose, 6th Earl of Rosebery and writer Lady Sybil Grant.
He was educated at Eton and Oxford and played No.1 for the Oxford Polo team in 1904 and 1905. While at Oxford he was also a keen steeplechase rider.
Political career.
Primrose entered the House of Commons at the January 1910 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Wisbech. In 1913 he became a member of the Anglo-American Peace Centenary Committee. In February 1915 he was appointed Under-Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in H. H. Asquith's Liberal administration, but was not offered a post when the coalition government was formed in May of the same year. When David Lloyd George became prime minister in December 1916, Primrose returned to the government as joint-Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury (government chief whip) alongside Conservative Lord Edmund Talbot, a post he only held until March of the following year. In June 1917 he was sworn of the Privy Council.
Military career.
Primrose was commissioned into the Buckinghamshire Yeomanry (Royal Bucks Hussars) in 1909. Promoted Captain in 1915, he was awarded the Military Cross in the King's Birthday Honours of June 1916. He died in November 1917 from wounds received in action at Gezer during the Sinai and Palestine Campaign while leading his squadron of the 1/1st Royal Buckinghamshire Yeomanry against Turkish positions on the Abu Shusheh ridge during the Third Battle of Gaza.
Commemoration.
When news of the death of Primrose reached the UK, Prime Minister David Lloyd George paid tribute in the House of Commons on 19 November 1917, alongside his report of the death of Lieutenant General Sir Stanley Maude:
Responding to the Prime Minister, the former Prime Minister H. H. Asquith (who had himself lost a son in 1916) referred to "two very great national losses" and also paid his respects:
Primrose is buried in the Ramleh Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery at Ramla, in Israel. The inscription on his gravestone reads: . Primrose is commemorated on Panel 8 of the Parliamentary War Memorial in Westminster Hall, one of 22 MPs that died during World War I to be named on that memorial. Primrose is one of 19 MPs who fell in the war who are commemorated by heraldic shields in the Commons Chamber. A further act of commemoration came with the unveiling in 1932 of a manuscript-style illuminated book of remembrance for the House of Commons, which includes a short biographical account of the life and death of Primrose. Memorial tablets were erected by his father in St Giles' Cathedral, Edinburgh, in the Church of St Mary the Virgin, Mentmore, Buckinghamshire, and at Christ Church, Epsom Common, Surrey. Additional memorials were erected to his memory in the form of a stained glass window in St Mary's Church, Knowsley, Merseyside, by his widow's parents, and a further plaque was erected by his father in All Saints Church, Postwick, Norfolk.
Family.
Primrose married Lady Victoria Stanley, daughter of Edward Stanley, 17th Earl of Derby, on 7 April 1915.
They had one daughter: Ruth Alice Hannah Mary Primrose (18 April 1916 – 1989), who married Charles Wood, 2nd Earl of Halifax, on 25 April 1936.
Lady Victoria married as her second husband Malcolm Bullock, and had one daughter, Priscilla, by him. Lady Victoria died in a hunting accident in November 1927.
Notes and references.
Transcriptions
References

</doc>
<doc id="6941370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941370" title="Second Buddhist Countil">
Second Buddhist Countil



</doc>
<doc id="6941372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941372" title="Third Buddhist Counil">
Third Buddhist Counil



</doc>
<doc id="6941373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941373" title="M.C. Chang">
M.C. Chang



</doc>
<doc id="6941374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941374" title="U.S. Girls' Junior Championship">
U.S. Girls' Junior Championship



</doc>
<doc id="6941375" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941375" title="Slip law">
Slip law

In the United States, a slip law is an individual Act of Congress which is either a public law (Pub.L.) or a private law (Pvt.L.). Slip laws are published as softcover unbound pamphlets, each with its own individual pagination. They are part of a three-part model for publication of federal statutes consisting of slip laws, session laws, and codification. Session laws are compiled into the "Statutes at Large" (Stat.), and codification results in the United States Code (U.S.C.). 
Public and private laws are prepared and published by the Office of the Federal Register (OFR) of the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). At the end of a Congressional session, slip laws are compiled into the "Statutes at Large", which are called "session laws", published by the Government Printing Office (GPO). Today, most of the public laws, but not private laws, are drafted as amendments to the United States Code.

</doc>
<doc id="6941379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941379" title="Illawarra Rugby League">
Illawarra Rugby League

The Illawarra Rugby League is a rugby league competition in Wollongong, NSW. It is one of the oldest rugby league competitions in Australia, founded in 1911 with five clubs (Dapto, Helensburgh, Mount Keira, Unanderra and Wollongong). The area provides a nursery of juniors for the Illawarra Steelers and St George Illawarra Dragons. The season is contested by seven teams and concludes with a finals series involving the top four teams.
History.
Only the Northern parts of the Illawarra have traditionally been included in this competition, with teams further south playing in Group 7. However, Shellharbour's decision in 2009 to field a team in the NSW Cup was coupled with a decision to play in the Illawarra Rugby League as well, blurring the boundary between the two competitions. Other Group 7 clubs are fielding teams in the lower leagues of Illawarra competitions and there's a possibility the two competitions may merge.
The Illawarra Division is one of the strongest, along with Newcastle, local competition in New South Wales. The league features many former and current players from the NRL Senior Competition and also players from the NRL Youth Competition. The Illawarra Division Senior representative team are two-time National Country champions and have won the Country Rugby League championships consistently. The Division also supplies players to the NSWRL Harold Matthews and SG Ball Cup competitions.
On 21 July 2011, whilst celebrating their centenary, Illawarra Rugby League announced their "Team of the Century". Immortals Graeme Langlands and Bob Fulton featured at fullback and five-eighth respectively, as well as Harry Wells at centre. The entire team follows:
Teams.
The following table lists the clubs and the teams fielded in the 2024 senior competitions: Mojo Homes Illawarra Cup - NSWRL President's Cup Southern Conference (PC), Division 1 (Div1), Division 2 (Div2), Under 18s (U18), Women's tackle (Wom), Ladies League Tag (LLT). The table also indicates whether the club has junior teams. 
Clubs are listed by their highest grade of competition.
Former clubs.
First Grade.
Clubs with at least one season in 1st Grade
Lower Grades only.
Clubs or teams that participated in two or more seasons are listed below. Participants in the Amateur Rugby League (1982–87) are included.
First Grade Premiers.
Tip: To view original newspaper articles on matches up to 1954, hover over the blue number in the Reports column and then click on the article name. That will open the article in Trove.

</doc>
<doc id="6941388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941388" title="Kiva (organization)">
Kiva (organization)

Kiva Microfunds is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered in San Francisco, California. Kiva distributes funds that it receives to microfinance institutions, social impact businesses, schools or non-profit organizations and does not generally directly provide funds to specific individuals. These organizations are charged fees by Kiva and borrowers pay interest on most loans.
Kiva is supported by grants, loans, and donations from its users, corporations, and national institutions. Since 2005, Kiva has crowd-funded more than 1.6 million loans, totaling over $1.68 billion, with a repayment rate of 96.3 percent. Over 2 million lenders worldwide use the Kiva platform. An independent review by GiveWell in 2009 failed to find evidence that the organization produces significant social benefit, with at least one partner supposedly vetted by Kiva earning high profits while having a very high recipient drop-out rate.
History.
Kiva was founded in October 2005 by Matt Flannery and Jessica Jackley. The couple's initial interest in microfinance was inspired by a 2003 lecture given by Grameen Bank's Muhammad Yunus at Stanford Business School. Jackley worked at the school and invited Flannery to attend the presentation. Soon after, Jackley began working as a consultant for the nonprofit Village Enterprise, which worked to help start small businesses in East Africa. While Flannery was visiting Jackley in Africa, the two spent time interviewing entrepreneurs about the problems they faced in starting ventures and found the lack of access to start-up capital was a common theme. After returning from Africa, the two began developing their plan for a microfinance project that would grow into Kiva, which means "unity" in Swahili.
In April 2005, Kiva's first seven loans were funded, totaling $3,500, and the original entrepreneurs were subsequently deemed the "Dream Team".
Lending process.
Kiva works with more than 300 microfinance institutions, social impact businesses, schools and non-profit organizations around the world, called "Field Partners", that post profiles of qualified local entrepreneurs on the Kiva website. Lenders browse borrower profiles on kiva.org and choose an entrepreneur they wish to fund. The lenders transfer their funds to Kiva through credit card processing or PayPal, which waives its transaction fee in these cases. Lenders can loan money in increments of $25.
After receiving lenders' money, Kiva aggregates loan capital from the individual lenders and transfers it to the appropriate Field Partners, which disburse the loan to the borrower. Kiva does not charge interest on the capital sent to Field Partners, but often Field Partners do charge some level of interest to borrowers to cover administration costs. Interest is typically higher on loans from microfinance institutions in developing countries than interest rates on larger loans in developed countries because of the administrative costs of overseeing many tiny loans, and the increased risk. As the entrepreneurs repay their loans with interest, the Field Partners remit funds back to Kiva. As the loan is repaid, the Kiva lenders can withdraw their principal or re-lend it to another entrepreneur.
Finances.
As of March 15, 2016, Kiva had distributed $827,356,850 in loans from 1,394,336 lenders to 1,928,760 borrowers, and a total of 1,036,558 loans had been funded through Kiva. The average loan size is $411.26, and the average Kiva user has made 10.17 loans. Kiva's current repayment rate for all its partners is 97.1%.
For the fiscal year 2012, Kiva made $15,632,786 in total revenue and had $12,482,528 in total expenses, leaving $3,150,258 to invest. The organization's net assets in 2012 totaled $16,248,638. Kiva itself does not charge interest on its loans; they supply capital to microfinancing institutions for free. These microfinancing institutions then lend out money with high interest compared to bank finance in mature markets, averaging a portfolio yield of over 30%. The organization's main sources of funding are grants, financial backing, and discounted services from many major national corporations and institutions. Chevron Corporation, Visa Inc., and Skoll Foundation awarded Kiva a two-year $1 million grant, $1.5 million grant, and $1 million grant respectively. Kiva also won a $1 million grant in Sam's Club's "Giving Made Simple" campaign and $500,000 in American Express's "Take Part" competition. Additionally, Omidyar Network awarded Kiva a $5 million grant over five years to help Kiva expand its field partners and support due diligence.
Management.
In 2023, according to their 990 tax form, Kiva CEO Neville Crawley's salary was $424,238. Their total revenue in 2023 was $34.7M. The non-profit had thirteen staff members with salaries ranging from $200,000 to over $400,000 that year. Kiva began paying interns in 2019.
Areas of work and loan use.
Female-owned businesses.
As of October 2017, 81% of Kiva's loans have been made to women.
In their non-fiction book "Half the Sky", Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn highlight Kiva's work along with that of some field partner organizations, such as the Kashf Foundation in Pakistan. Kristof and WuDunn noted the risky nature of microloans as a path out of poverty, but endorsed Kiva and similar microfinance efforts, writing that "microfinance has done more to bolster the status of women, and to protect them from abuse, than any laws could accomplish."
Green loans.
In 2011 Kiva added a new category of loans to help borrowers move to cleaner and safer forms of energy, green agriculture, transport and recycling. Green Kiva loans help fund solar panels, organic fertilizers, high-efficiency stoves, drip irrigation systems, and biofuels. As of December 2013, Kiva lenders had crowd-funded 4,600 green loans.
Support for higher education.
In 2010, Kiva began a Student Microloans program that allowed lenders to help support students seeking access to higher education. Student loans are funded with the same crowd-funding approach, and typically students have 1–3 years to pay back their loans.
In 2014, the education offerings on Kiva expanded greatly when the organization began a deeper partnership with Vittana. Vittana works on the ground in countries in Asia, Africa and Latin America, developing loan alternatives for low-income students. Through the partnership, all loans sourced by Vittana now appear on Kiva for funding.
Medical loans.
Some Kiva field partners, such as Alivio Capital, specialize in funding medical loans. Others may fund medical loans as well as other loans. A development scholar in Ghana has suggested that microfinance medical loans can be an effective way to close the gap in medical care access in developing countries.
Support for refugees.
In July 2017, Kiva launched a World Refugee Fund, a $250,000 matching fund to provide support to refugees and host communities in countries including Lebanon, Jordan, and Turkey. As refugees repay the loans, they build a track record in their new locations. The fund is to be followed by a rotating fund of up to $9M in loan capital.
Other Kiva programs.
Kiva U.S..
In 2011, Kiva launched Kiva U.S., a 0% interest peer-to-peer lending pilot program for entrepreneurs in the United States, as part of efforts to "cut lending costs through technology". The loans posted to Kiva U.S. are often from borrowers who have been rejected for loans by traditional banking institutions, but on Kiva U.S. they do not need to be able to produce high credit scores or collateral. Kiva U.S. uses a system of trustees, who vouch for the borrowers. Kiva U.S. trustees can be local non-profits, service organizations, businesses, faith organizations or community leaders.
The average loan size for US borrowers is $5,000. US borrowers average about two years to repay loans.
Kiva Labs.
Google awarded a $3 million Global Impact Award to Kiva in 2013 to fund the Kiva Labs project, which looks for ways to increase the flexibility and impact of microfinance. Labs initiatives include lowering interest rates, providing more flexible repayment terms that accommodate issues like seasonal profits in farming, and offering longer-term loans for investments like education. Labs also focuses on providing access to clean energy technology and using mobile technology in ways that will bridge the knowledge gap. At the time of the lab's launch, Kiva lenders had crowdfunded "132,000 agricultural loans; 4,600 green loans, and 670 mobile tech loans."
Kiva City.
Kiva City provides local business owners and entrepreneurs in U.S. cities with the opportunity to crowdsource loans. It was launched by Kiva and former US President Bill Clinton at the Clinton Global Initiative America conference in Chicago in 2011. Kiva City locations include: Detroit, New Orleans, Los Angeles, Washington D.C., Newark, Richmond, Little Rock, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Milwaukee, Louisville, San Francisco, New York City, and Oakland.
In less than a year, the Kiva City programs in Richmond, Virginia, helped fund more than $100,000 in loans to local businesses.
Controversies.
Lenders on strike.
A group of Kiva lenders are protesting Kiva controversial practices. They have formed a group on Kiva's website called
Lenders on Strike. This is a list of their complaints as listed on the group's web page.
1. Changed the auto-lending terms to get at lender funds (from opt-out to opt-in). Auto-lending defaults to an automatic 15% donation to Kiva with every loan. Auto-lending now kicks in after just 45 days.
2. Changed the inactivity terms of service so that it is set to 'donate funds to Kiva' unless lenders go in and choose 'return funds to Paypal'.
3. Implemented one-click donations via an email campaign resulting in many lenders losing their entire cache of funds. Yet Kiva requires two-click verification for just about everything else.
4. Avoided treating Kiva U.S. like any other partner to display loan defaults and delinquencies. Thus hiding the 23% default rate.
5. Holding Nor Horizon repayments in a 'trust' instead of paying them back to lenders as they come in (this has been going on for over a year).
6. Moved or removed vital partner and loan information including risk rating, default rate, delinquency rate, etc. to an essentially non-visible 'tab' at the bottom of the borrower profile.
7. Loans advertised as "matched" are sometimes not matched, and it doesn't appear to be because the loan was funded or the matching funds ran out. A known issue that Kiva has acknowledged but not fixed.
8. Salaries for the leadership at Kiva have increased drastically in the last 3 years, beyond what is acceptable for an organization of its size and its stated mission.
Interest rates.
As of November 2018, a total of 1,530,180 loans had been funded on Kiva. The following table shows these loans sorted according to interest rate.
Some people, including microfinance pioneer Muhammad Yunus, argue that the interest rates of many microcredit institutions are unreasonably high. In his 2007 book he argues that microfinance institutions that charge more than 15% above their long-term operating costs should face penalties.
According to its web site, Kiva quotes interest rates as the "self reported average rate charged by the Field Partner to the entrepreneur." Kiva does not publish the interest rates charged for the individual loans funded through its website. However, it does publish the average "Portfolio Yield" of each of its field partners, as a way for prospective lenders to estimate the cost to the borrower of the loans they consider funding. The "Portfolio Yield" measures the average income earned from the field partner's outstanding loan portfolio. Some observers have pointed out that the "Portfolio Yield" measure is unreliable, and does not directly reflect the actual price that borrowers are paying for the loans.
Kiva defends the interest rates of its field partners, however, saying its field partners provide much better rates than local alternatives, but must charge what they do because "the costs of making a micro-loan in the developing world are higher versus larger loans in the West." Kiva itself does not keep any of the interest collected, but operates instead exclusively on donations.
For example, in 2009, micro-loans from Kiva partners in Guatemala averaged 23.16% for the equivalent of US$430 lent on average, comparable to the commercial BanRural rate of 24.5% for a loan of US$635. (For reference, the inflation rate for Guatemala typically varies between 5 and 10% and was just 0.62% in 2009).
Kiva launched a more direct peer-to-peer microlending platform, called Kiva Zip, in 2012. Kiva Zip transferred funds directly to borrowers without outsourcing disbursements and repayment collection to field partners. Instead, the program partnered with local institutions in the United States and Kenya called Trustees, who vetted loan applicants and provided mentorship. Kiva Zip borrowers did not pay any interest or fees and the repayment rate was 89.4%. As of March 13, 2017, the Kiva Zip subdomain redirects to the Kiva homepage, and the program appears to be discontinued.
Interest rates by field partner.
As of November 2018, there are a total of 332 field partners listed on the Kiva website and their status is as follows: 173 Active, 41 Inactive, 14 Paused, and 104 Experimental. In addition, 178 former field partners are listed as Closed.
The following table shows the "portfolio yield" of a sampling of field partners. "Portfolio yield" figures are calculated by dividing all interest and fees paid by borrowers to the field partner by the average loan portfolio of the field partner that given year. The figure provides a more accurate insight into the costs of borrowing because it includes fees associated with borrowing.
Pre-disbursement of funds.
When Kiva began, borrowers had to wait until their loans were funded on the Kiva website to receive the funds. Since then, the system has changed, so that loans are disbursed to borrowers before their stories are posted to Kiva's website. Disbursing loans sooner has a positive impact on the borrowers, who no longer need to wait weeks to receive their funding and can thus take advantage of time-sensitive business opportunities. This is disclosed on Kiva's site; each loan proposal states whether funds were pre-disbursed. Thus, lenders' loan funds are likely to go to borrowers other than those chosen by the lenders. However, since the pay-back behaviour of the specific borrower chosen by the lender "does" influence whether or not the lender gets their funds back (except when an MFI has chosen to cover for borrower defaults), there is at least some connection between the lender and the specific borrower. Whether lenders' preferences are used for lender preference trend analysis by any field partners or Kiva is not stated. Kiva's response has been to keep pre-disbursing but be clearer about the process.
Full-repayment frequency uncertainty.
Whether defaults are extremely low has been questioned on the ground that a field partner may pay Kiva for loans defaulted to the field partner in order to maintain the field partner's good credit with Kiva. Whether interest rates collected by field partners are enough to pay for significant defaults depends on local economic conditions for each field partner.
Controversial loans.
In 2008, Kiva featured the borrowing profile of a Peruvian woman asking for a loan to buy equipment for her cockfighting business. This sparked debate among the Kiva lending community; many complained that the organization was promoting cruelty to animals. Matt Flannery defended Kiva's decision to allow the post to remain; he asserted that removing the post would be "paternalistic" and that "Cockfighting in Peru is legal and part of a rich cultural tradition," adding that lenders could "be the ones voting with their dollars."
Promotions and marketing strategies.
In March 2012, Reid Hoffman, LinkedIn's co-founder, lent Kiva $1 million. Kiva then allowed 40,000 people to lend $25 for "free". Lenders still choose a borrower, but the borrower will pay back Hoffman instead of the lender who chose them. Kiva hopes that the "free" users will lend to more of their projects, and thus increase their overall user base.
In his 2007 book "", Bill Clinton covers Kiva.org and the work the organization is currently doing and has done in the past.
External reviews.
The following independent entities have reviewed Kiva.

</doc>
<doc id="6941392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941392" title="Picus (disambiguation)">
Picus (disambiguation)

Picus may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941394" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941394" title="Desulphurization">
Desulphurization



</doc>
<doc id="6941402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941402" title="Elk Lakes hut">
Elk Lakes hut



</doc>
<doc id="6941403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941403" title="What It Takes (Aerosmith song)">
What It Takes (Aerosmith song)

"What It Takes" is a power ballad by American rock band Aerosmith. Written by Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, and Desmond Child, it was released in 1989 as the third single from the critically and commercially successful 1989 album "Pump". "I'll put some ballads on an album," Tyler remarked, "if that's what it takes so that some young kid can get to hear a 'Young Lust' or 'F.I.N.E.*'."
Background.
Child had co-written the power ballad "Angel" for Aerosmith's previous album, but the band wanted to make sure that its own identity was reflected in "What It Takes." According to Perry "It started off sounding really county-western. We didn't want to write a song like 'Angel,' and for Desmond, that's where his heart and soul is. He's into big, dramatic ballads. But we wanted to do something different." Aerosmith guitarist Brad Whitford stated that "It was a keyboard song to begin with. Somewhere along the line we knew it was special, so it had to be approached in a different manner." Perry went on to say that "The thing that made it for me was when [Fairbairn] put an accordion on it. That gave it the flavor it needed. Otherwise it would have just been nice chords and nice changes."
Lyrics and music.
The lyrics to "What It Takes" are about getting over a past relationship and the resulting hurt feelings. Lyrics in the song reference two other Aerosmith songs: F.I.N.E.*, also featured on the "Pump" album; and "Heart's Done Time", featured on the band's previous album, "Permanent Vacation".
Music video.
There are two videos for the song. One, directed by Wayne Isham, features the band performing in the Longhorn Ballroom in the middle of a brawl. The other, directed by Keith Garde and Martin Torgoff, is culled from scenes from "The Making of Pump", a film which documented the recording process of the "Pump" album. The latter received much greater airplay, and was also the version the band chose to include on their video collection "Big Ones You Can Look At".

</doc>
<doc id="6941406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941406" title="Wax (singer)">
Wax (singer)

Cho Hye-ri (; born May 31, 1972), better known by her stage name Wax (), is a South Korean pop singer. She debuted in 1998 as the lead vocalist of the rock band DOG. She released her first solo album, "The Diary of Mom", in 2000. Wax made her acting debut in 2007 with a main role in the musical "Fixing My Makeup", the plot of which is based on her hit song of the same name.
Biography.
Wax was born Cho Hye-ri on May 31, 1972. She graduated from the Department of Postmodern Music at Kyung Hee University. Although she has been professionally active since 1998, her personal life has been mostly veiled from the public.
Career.
Her debut as a singer was as lead vocalist of the band Dog in 1998. The band only released one album, "DOG-1st". The title track of the album was "Kyung Ah's Day", and the album also included nine other songs. After Dog disbanded, she made her solo debut with the stage name Wax in 2000. Her debut album as a soloist was "Vol. 1: The Diary of Mom", with a debut song called "Oppa", a cover version (without the suggestive lyrics) of Cyndi Lauper's "She Bop". As of 2012, she has released nine full-length albums and nine other albums. In addition, she has released songs for the original soundtracks of several dramas.
In 2007, Wax made her debut as a musical actress. She was cast as the main actress for the musical "Fixing My Makeup", which had a plot based on her song of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="6941410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941410" title="Brian Howe (politician)">
Brian Howe (politician)

Brian Leslie Howe (born 28 January 1936) is a retired Australian politician and Uniting Church minister. He served as the eighth deputy prime minister of Australia and the deputy leader of the Labor Party from 1991 to 1995, under Bob Hawke and Paul Keating. He was a government minister continuously from 1983 to 1996, and a member of the House of Representatives from 1977 to 1996, representing the Division of Batman in Victoria.
Early life.
Howe was born in Melbourne. He grew up in the suburb of Malvern and attended Melbourne High School, going on to complete a Bachelor of Arts and a diploma in criminology at the University of Melbourne. He later moved to the United States to study at McCormick Theological Seminary in Chicago. Howe was the minister at a Methodist church in Fitzroy from 1961 to 1969, while lecturing part-time in sociology. He remains an ordained Uniting Church minister.
In the early 1970s, Howe was the founding director of the Centre for Urban Research and Action (CURA). This model of research and action was based on his experience studying in Chicago from 1965 to 1967, and particularly his involvement in the civil rights and anti-poverty movements. CURA participated in campaigns against major changes in inner city Melbourne, including homelessness, the demolition of housing for high-rise estates, freeway construction. It supported the rights of tenants, the marginalisation of ethnic groups, and the provision of social services.
Politics.
Howe was elected to the House of Representatives at the 1977 federal election, representing the northern Melbourne metropolitan electoral Division of Batman. He defeated the incumbent Horrie Garrick for Labor preselection in a hard-fought preselection contest. It was reportedly the first occasion on which an incumbent Victorian Labor MP in a safe seat was defeated for preselection. A member of the Socialist Left faction of the Labor Party, Howe was Minister for Defence Support in the government of Bob Hawke from 1983. In 1984 he became Minister for Social Security and carried out various radical reforms to Australia's welfare system.
Howe appeared to face significant opposition within his electorate in 1988, when up to 60 members of the Greek Westgarth branch of the ALP defected to join the Australian Democrats. One of the defectors, tram-conductor George Gogas, contested Batman as a Democrat candidate in 1990, but polled only 12.9 per cent of the vote.
After the 1990 election Howe was appointed to the post of Minister for Community Services and Health. When Paul Keating resigned from the cabinet in 1991, Howe was elected deputy leader of the Labor Party in his place, defeating Graeme Campbell in a caucus ballot by 81 votes to 18. He was subsequently appointed Deputy Prime Minister.
As well as succeeding Keating as Deputy Prime Minister, Howe was a minister who was qualified to succeed Keating as Treasurer as Howe as a minister had been a member of the Expenditure Review Committee since 1987. However the position of Treasurer went instead to John Kerin.
Howe continued as Deputy Prime Minister when Keating became Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister Howe became Minister for Health, Housing and Community Services in the Keating government in December 1991, dropping the health part of the portfolio in 1993. In June 1995 he resigned as Deputy Prime Minister and was succeeded by Kim Beazley. He remained in the House of Representatives and as a minister until the 1996 election.
Howe's last months in the Deputy PM's role were marked by speculation that his successor would be, not Beazley, but Carmen Lawrence, the erstwhile Premier of Western Australia. At the time Lawrence enjoyed considerable popularity, and there were those in the ALP who hoped that with her as Deputy PM, the Keating government (then doing badly in the opinion polls) would benefit. This hope was dashed when Lawrence herself became the subject of a royal commission around the time Howe left the post, although she denied that the royal commission had been her reason for not seeking out the job. Kim Beazley was eventually elected as his successor.
Contribution.
Howe was an extremely active Minister with a strong sense of social justice. Radical reforms were implemented in social security, disability and other areas during his term of office.
Social security.
In February 1986 Howe instigated the Cass Social Security Review, which led to substantive restructuring of the social security system. Some of the most important changes were
The most important new payments were:
Disability policy.
Howe's tenure as Minister for Community Services from 1990 to 1994 coincided with a reorientation of disability policy to encourage disabled people to enter or remain in the formal workforce, enhancing and protecting the rights of people with disabilities and providing opportunities for them to contribute to wider society.
In 1991, Howe was the responsible minister for the Disability Reform Package. which modified Commonwealth income support payments for people with disabilities to encourage their integration into the workforce. The package contained a large shift in emphasis toward 'open employment' as opposed to the existing special employment programs. Open Employment Services subsequently offered intensive and ongoing support to secure work for disabled people in the open market.
The first Commonwealth State Disability Agreement (CSDA) in 1991 clarified the roles and responsibilities of the governments. The Commonwealth was given responsibility for income support and employment services and the States and Territories were given responsibility for accommodation and other support services. According to Lindsay (1995), the 1991 agreement provided no extra resources and merely reaffirmed the "status quo;" but it did set in place a permanent mechanism whereby disability policy could be advanced.
Howe also introduced the "Disability Discrimination Act" "1992", which made disability discrimination unlawful and promoted equal rights, equal opportunity and equal access for people with disabilities. The Act empowered a Disability Discrimination Commissioner.
In 1994 the Commonwealth Disability Strategy set in place a consultative ten-year framework of action for Commonwealth departments and agencies to remove any barriers or discrimination in employment and program delivery.
Health.
In health policy, Howe established the National Mental Health Strategy, which included the 1992 mental health policy and allocated $269 million for implementation.
The Commonwealth Dental Scheme arose out of a 1992 Health Strategy background paper. It provided for free dental care for financially disadvantaged adults from 1994, but was terminated on 1 January 1997 by the Howard government.
Housing and urban policy.
Howe supported an edge-city concept of locational disadvantage, where people on the edge of cities were supposed to be poorer and more disadvantaged than others with better access to services, and commissioned 17 case studies intended to demonstrate this. However the initiative was discontinued when it was shown definitively that the inner cities contained the areas of greatest disadvantage.
The main innovation by Howe in the urban sector was the Building Better Cities Programme (BBC), the first federal venture into urban development since the Whitlam government, and Australia's first submissions-based capital assistance programme. The Commonwealth government supplied $816.4 million over five years for 'demonstration' projects meeting its urban objectives. From 1991, State and local governments could submit capital projects for consideration. The Programme supported projects variously redeveloping inner city precincts, constructing and refurbishing housing, building and upgrading railways and transport interchanges, new light rail systems, new water management infrastructure, as well as developing under-used government land. The incoming Howard government in 1996 discontinued the Programme.
In 1992 Howe initiated Australia's first Housing Strategy, led by Meredith Edwards AM. The Strategy had no effect on housing policy, unlike the Staples Review that preceded it in 1988. It did recommend the establishment of an Australian Housing and Urban Research Institute, which Howe founded in 1993 and which is still operating in 2022.
Later life.
Following Howe's departure from parliament, he became Schultz Visiting professor at the Princeton University. He was then appointed by Melbourne University as a Professorial Fellow in the Centre for Public Policy. He taught postgraduate students, worked on several research projects, authored three books and published many articles. He organised two major international conferences in Melbourne on changing labour markets and their implications for Australian social policy. He received a visiting fellowship at the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University in 1997 and 1998.
In 2012 Howe chaired the ACTU Independent Inquiry into Insecure Work in Australia. He spoke widely about the issue to the media and addressed the National Press Club.
In 2017 Howe and his wife Renata were the subject of a documentary podcast interview by the Fitzroy History Society Oral History Project covering their early years of activism in the 1960s.
He served on the board of the Brotherhood of St Laurence and the Patrons Council of the Epilepsy Foundation of Victoria. He was a founding director of the Australia and New Zealand School of Government; and was chairman of the Victorian Disability Housing Trust and the community housing association Housing Choices Australia.
Honours.
Howe was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in January 2001, and promoted to Officer level (AO) in January 2008. He received an Honorary Doctorate from the University of Sydney in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="6941414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941414" title="Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat">
Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat

Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat is an album by the band Carbon Leaf on the Vanguard Records label. Recording for the album started in 2004 and it was released on September 12, 2006.
Note: Carbon Leaf re-recorded this album under their Constant Ivy label and called it "Love Loss Hope Repeat Reneaux" in 2015. In the re-recording, "Learn to Fly" was listed as "Dirty Bird (Learn to Fly)".

</doc>
<doc id="6941422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941422" title="Playa del Racing">
Playa del Racing



</doc>
<doc id="6941423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941423" title="Samantha Barning">
Samantha Barning

Samantha Barning (born 28 June 1989) is a former professional Dutch badminton player. She could play either in singles or in doubles. She won bronze medals at the 2014 European Championships in the mixed doubles with Jorrit de Ruiter, and at the 2016 European Championships in the women's doubles with Iris Tabeling. Barning also featured in the Dutch women's team that won bronze at the 2012 European Women's Team Championships. She won the Dutch National Mixed doubles title in 2010 with Dave Khodabux and the Women's doubles title in 2013 with Eefje Muskens. 
Achievements.
European Championships.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
BWF Grand Prix.
The BWF Grand Prix had two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It was a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) and played between 2007 and 2017.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
BWF International Challenge/Series.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="6941436" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941436" title="Wax (disambiguation)">
Wax (disambiguation)

Wax is a class of chemical compounds and mixtures, but may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941437" title="Photofit">
Photofit



</doc>
<doc id="6941441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941441" title="Rudolph valentino">
Rudolph valentino



</doc>
<doc id="6941444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941444" title="PhotoFIT">
PhotoFIT



</doc>
<doc id="6941450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941450" title="Love Loss Hope Repeat">
Love Loss Hope Repeat



</doc>
<doc id="6941455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941455" title="Wax (band)">
Wax (band)



</doc>
<doc id="6941461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941461" title="Bad Company (band)">
Bad Company (band)



</doc>
<doc id="6941470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941470" title="Bloemenveiling Aalsmeer">
Bloemenveiling Aalsmeer



</doc>
<doc id="6941473" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941473" title="Sheikh Adi">
Sheikh Adi



</doc>
<doc id="6941475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941475" title="Harlequin (color)">
Harlequin (color)



</doc>
<doc id="6941477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941477" title="Sheikh Adi Ibn Mustafa">
Sheikh Adi Ibn Mustafa



</doc>
<doc id="6941486" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941486" title="Wax (Korean band)">
Wax (Korean band)



</doc>
<doc id="6941488" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941488" title="Clay pan">
Clay pan

Clay pan may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="6941489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941489" title="Wax (Korean singer)">
Wax (Korean singer)



</doc>
<doc id="6941492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941492" title="Anna Winlock">
Anna Winlock

Anna Winlock (1857–1904) was an American astronomer and human computer, one of the first members of female computer group known as "the Harvard Computers." She made the most complete catalog of stars near the north and south poles of her era. She is also remembered for her calculations and studies of asteroids. In particular, she did calculations on 433 Eros and 475 Ocllo.
Early years.
Winlock was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts on September 15, 1857, to astronomer Joseph Winlock and Isabella Lane. Winlock attended the Cambridge Schools as a child and began to develop an interest in both mathematics and the Greek language. By age 10, Anna had watched her father go from Superintendent at the American Nautical Almanac Office in Cambridge, Massachusetts, to the Director of the Harvard College Observatory as well as a professor of Astronomy at the main Harvard College. Encouraged by her father, she exhibited remarkable abilities in mathematics and took an early interest in observational astronomy. Upon her graduation she received a letter from her principal expressing his appreciation for her Greek and of her character. Her father influenced her interest in astronomy. When she was twelve, she attended a solar eclipse expedition with her father in his home state of Kentucky. In June 1875, Joseph died shortly after Winlock had graduated from secondary school. Winlock quickly followed in her father's footsteps becoming one of the first female paid staff members of the Harvard College Observatory.
Harvard College Observatory.
After the death of her father, it fell upon her to find financial support for her mother and four siblings, and soon she approached the Harvard College Observatory seeking a job in calculations. Specifically, she was capable of reducing volumes of unreduced observations, a decades worth of numbers in a useless state, that previously her father had left unfinished. The interim director of the observatory complained that he could not process the data, as "the condition of the funds is an objection to hiring anyone." Winlock presented herself to the observatory and offered to reduce the observations. She quickly proved invaluable to the observatory, working extensively on meridian circle observations and precise star cataloging calculations. Having been previously introduced to the principles of mathematical astronomy by her father she seemed like a capable asset to the observatory and could be paid less than half the prevailing rate for calculating at the time. Harvard was able to offer her twenty-five cents an hour to do the computations. Winlock found the conditions acceptable and took the position.
In less than a year, she was joined at the observatory by three other women who also served as computers; they became known as Pickering's Harem, gaining notoriety for leaving an uncomfortable example on the government computing agencies because of the women's low wages and arduous work, even though it was of high quality. In 1886, Louisa Winlock, Anna's younger sister, joined her in the computing room. Anna Winlock found it important the work to be done in astronomy, especially for women. Beyond her calculations, she was also involved in determining asteroid orbits, contributing to early studies of the asteroid Eros, which later became the first asteroid to be closely studied by a spacecraft. By her own development as a scientist and her lasting contributions to the stellar program of the observatory, she served as an example that women were equally capable as men of doing astronomical work.
Major contributions.
Through her thirty-year career at the Harvard College Observatory, Winlock contributed to the many projects the observatory faced. Her most significant work involved the continuous and arduous work of reducing and computing meridian circle observations. She played a crucial role in ensuring the accuracy of positional data, which was fundamental for tracking celestial objects over time. Five years earlier under the direction of her father, the observatory collaborated with multiple foreign observatories in a project for preparing a comprehensive star catalog. The project was divided into sections or zones by circles parallel to the celestial equator. Winlock began to work on the section called the "Cambridge Zone" shortly after being hired on by the observatory. Working over twenty years on the project, her meticulous calculations allowed Harvard to be one of the first institutions to publish its portion of the Astronomische Gesellschaft Katalog, a milestone in stellar cataloging. The work done by her team on the Cambridge Zone contributed significantly to the Astronomische Gesellschaft Katalog, which contains information on more than one-hundred thousand stars and is used worldwide by many observatories and their researchers.
Besides her work on the Cambridge Zone, she also contributed to many independent projects. She supervised in the creation of the Observatory Annals (a collection of tables that provide the positions of variable stars in clusters) into 38 volumes. Winlock also gained a lot of media attention in 1901 when she and Dr. Simon Newcom published their joint work computing the path of a newly discovered asteroid, Ocllo, figuring out that it had the least circular orbit of any asteroid yet known. 
Death.
On December 17, 1903, she visited the Harvard College Observatory for what would be the last time, and she continued working through the holiday season. The last entry in her notebook of reductions was on New Years Day 1904. Three days later, she died suddenly at the age of 46 in Boston, Massachusetts. A funeral service was held at St. John's Chapel in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="6941493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941493" title="Aalsmeer Flower Auction">
Aalsmeer Flower Auction

Aalsmeer Flower Auction (Bloemenveiling Aalsmeer) is a flower auction that takes place in Aalsmeer, Netherlands. It is the largest flower auction in the world. The Aalsmeer Flower Auction building is the ninth largest building by floor area in the world, covering . Flowers from all over the world — Europe, Israel, Ecuador, Colombia, Ethiopia, Kenya, and other countries — are traded every day in this gigantic building. Around 43 million flowers are sold daily. This increases by around 15 percent around special days such as Valentine's Day and Mother's Day. Their flowers are subjected to around 30 quality checks so that they can be graded on a scale (A1, A2 and B).
The auction is set up as a Dutch auction in which the price starts high and works its way down. Bidders get only a few seconds to bid on the flowers before they are sold and passed on to the new owner. On 1 January 2008, the auction company merged with its biggest competitor Royal FloraHolland.
In 2021 the organiser of the auction, Royal Flora Holland, acquired three companies that specialise in the transportation of flowers and plants: De Winter, Van Marrewijk (Wematrans) and Van Zaal. They were combined into a new transportation company called Floriway.

</doc>
<doc id="6941504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941504" title="Emmanuele de Gregorio">
Emmanuele de Gregorio

Emmanuele de Gregorio (18 December 1758 – 7 November 1839) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and son of Leopoldo de Gregorio, Marquis of Esquilache.
Biography.
De Gregorio was born at sea while his mother was traveling to Spain. Although he had one other cardinal among his relatives, no other information about his early life survives. However, by age 22 in 1780 he had become archpriest of the patriarchal Lateran basilica and in the following two decades became caught up in the controversy of the French Revolution, being imprisoned in 1798 and kept in captivity between 1811 and 1814. He was deputy vicar of Rome for long periods from 1795 to 1818 as the actual vicar, Cardinal Giulio Maria della Somaglia, was frequently absent. However, it is known that at one point the revolutionary government of France had planned to create him antipope in opposition to Pope Pius VI when the Pontiff condemned the French Revolution in 1791.
In 1816, Pope Pius VII made De Gregorio a cardinal and in the following decade he rose to be one of the most powerful men in the Church. In both the 1829 and 1830 conclaves, he was considered one of the leading "papabili" but had too many opponents to be elected Pope.
He died in Rome in 1839.

</doc>
<doc id="6941510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941510" title="Nazi Human Experiment">
Nazi Human Experiment



</doc>
<doc id="6941512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941512" title="Sheik Adii">
Sheik Adii



</doc>
<doc id="6941514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941514" title="Hobart Devils">
Hobart Devils

The Hobart Devils (also known as Hobart Tassie Devils) are a defunct professional basketball team that competed in the Australian National Basketball League (NBL).
History.
The Hobart Devils debuted in the National Basketball League (NBL) in the 1983 season. The team played their home games at Kingborough Sports Centre from 1983 to 1988 before moving to the Derwent Entertainment Centre in 1989, where they stayed until folding in 1996.
During Devils home games, the home court arena was often referred to as the "Devils Den" by local TV commentators. They club was known as "Hobart Tassie Devils" from 1987 to 1995, but reverted to Hobart Devils in its final season. The Devils' most successful season was in 1987 when they recorded 14 wins.

</doc>
<doc id="6941522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941522" title="Sheikh Adii ibn Mustafa">
Sheikh Adii ibn Mustafa



</doc>
<doc id="6941529" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941529" title="Computer (astronomer term)">
Computer (astronomer term)



</doc>
<doc id="6941548" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941548" title="Jonestown, Mahaica">
Jonestown, Mahaica

Jonestown is a village in the Demerara-Mahaica region of Guyana. The old name of the village was Voorzigtigheid. The village is located 37.5 kilometres (24 miles) from Georgetown between Hand-en-Veldt and the Atlantic Ocean, and near the town of Mahaica. Therefore, it tends to be called "Jonestown, Mahaica" or "Jonestown, Mahaica, ECD", even today, although by current Guyanese administrative regions it is in Demerara-Mahaica.
Lewis Osborne Inniss, the Trinidadian writer and folklorist (a druggist, by profession), was born in Jonestown in 1848.
Jonestown, together with nearby areas along the lower courses of the Mahaica and other rivers of northeastern Guyana, has suffered from flooding during the wet season in the early years of the 21st century.
This Jonestown is not to be confused with the Jonestown of the 1978 mass murder-and-suicide by members of the Peoples Temple. Although that short-lived Jonestown was also in Guyana, it was in a different part of the country. The two places share their name by happenstance and have no other ties.

</doc>
<doc id="6941549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941549" title="Phonegate">
Phonegate



</doc>
<doc id="6941552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941552" title="Ashdod Sand Dune">
Ashdod Sand Dune

Ashdod Sand Dune is a psammosere ecosystem close to the city of Ashdod on the Israeli Coastal Plain near the Mediterranean sea. It is south of Tel Aviv.
Background.
Formerly, sand dunes dominated the coast of Israel with of dunes, of which over three-quarters were south of Tel Aviv. Over the last few decades the dunes have been replaced with cities, industrial areas, and power plants, and the dune landscape has gradually disappeared. Thus, one of the most characteristic and important aspects of the Israeli landscape is rapidly vanishing.
The largest remnant of Israel's coastal sand dunes is between Ashdod and Ashkelon. This is the only part of the landscape that still retains its shifting sands with its attendant animal and plant life and marks of bygone civilizations.
The importance of the area derives from its natural and cultural qualities. The dunes contain ecological systems of scientific value. Their function as an open area separating the urban sectors that are rapidly covering the country is of great significance, as is its role as a natural public recreation.
Sand/dune Agriculture in Rimāl Isdūd.
Rimāl Isdūd refers to the coastal dunefields west of the historic village of Isdud (modern-day Ashdod), which underwent significant agricultural transformation during the Late Ottoman and British Mandate periods. Once regarded as uncultivable [mawwāt land, the dunes were reclaimed through traditional Palestinian methods, including mawāsī plot-and-berm agriculture, vineyards ("kurūm"), and arable field cultivation ("ḥuqūl"). Despite colonial policies that categorized the area as barren state land, local farmers adapted the challenging environment for intensive agricultural use, leaving archaeological and botanical traces still visible today.
Proposed Sand Dune Park.
Because of the importance and uniqueness of this area and its potential for study, hiking, and recreation, the Society for the Protection of Nature in Israel (SPNI) has initiated the drive for a Sand Dune Park that would serve to protect the dunes and their properties for research, education, nature hikes, and public use.
The dune park extends over 11 square kilometres between the Mediterranean Sea to the west and agricultural areas to the east, and between the city of Ashdod to the north and the Avtach water way to the south.
The area of the proposed park falls within three municipal jurisdictions: the northern part belongs to the city of Ashdod, the central part belongs to the Be'er Tuvia Regional Council, and the southern part belongs to the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council. Each of the municipal authorities had plans for developing the area which threatened to cover the dunes with buildings and roads. Additional factors threatening preservation of the dunes are the Ministry of tourism, which planned to build a "riviera" of hotels along the coast; the Israel Lands Authority, which is interested in mining the sand; the Israel Defense Forces, which wanted to use the area for manoeuvres; and others. Until 1982, the area was designated for a nuclear power plant. The plant was not built, but it resulted in stopping development, which saved the sands. When the plan for the power plant was canceled, interested parties pressured for development, but the SPNI then identified its importance and uniqueness and began to fight for its preservation.
In order stir public awareness and appreciation of the dunes, the SPNI established the Shiqmim (Shikmim) Field School in Nitzanim in 1983. The school is housed in an historic building that once served the original settlers of Nitzanim. The SPNI also initiated a survey that identified and mapped the area's nature and landscape features; on the basis of this survey, the SPNI in co-operation with the Jewish National Fund (JNF) drew up a conceptual plan for the Sand Dune Park.
In 2021 the idea of turning the area into a nature reserve was rejected by the Ashdod Municipality and a plan for construction of about 6,600 housing units was approved. 

</doc>
<doc id="6941554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941554" title="Livin' on the Edge">
Livin' on the Edge

"Livin' on the Edge" is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith. The song was written by Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, and Mark Hudson. It was released in March 1993 by Geffen Records as the first single from the band's commercially successful eleventh album, "Get a Grip" (1993). The single reached number 18 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, number three on the "Cash Box" Top 100, and number one on the "Billboard" Album Rock Tracks chart, where it remained for nine weeks. In the UK, the song peaked at number 19 on the UK Singles Chart in April 1993.
Background.
According to the band's autobiography "", the song was partially inspired by the 1992 Los Angeles riots. Tyler also stated it was partially inspired by John Lennon's peace messages. Tyler also mentions in the book that the song features the sound of a bass drum he stole from his high school; four loud beats are heard from that drum in a pause between the final verse and chorus.
Music video.
The music video for "Livin' on the Edge" was directed by American director Marty Callner and features actor Edward Furlong. It depicts vandalism, grand theft auto, joyriding, airbag crashing, unprotected sex, violence among school-aged youth, cross-dressing teachers, a naked Steven Tyler holding a zipper by his crotch with half his body painted black (to give the effect he pulled down a zipper, unzipping his body) and lead guitarist Joe Perry playing a lead guitar solo in front of an oncoming McCloud River Railroad freight train. The train scene was filmed on Lake Britton Bridge in Shasta County, California, the same bridge where "Stand by Me" filmed their famous train scene and employs the same Introvision technology. 
The train scene features McCloud River Railroad No. 39, an EMD SD38-2 diesel locomotive, which is also represented by a static stage prop during the live performance scenes. 
Reception.
"Livin' on the Edge" met with dismissive reactions from music critics. Reviewing "Get a Grip" for "Rolling Stone", Mark Coleman cited "Livin' on the Edge" as an example of the album "playing it safe according to strict late-Eighties directives", and added that it "ascends into a soaring, Bon Jovi-esque power chorale; only the gritty guitars on the bridge keep the damn thing grounded." David Browne of "Entertainment Weekly" also found the song was uncomfortably derivative of Bon Jovi, remarking that it "might have worked better if it didn’t sound like Bon Jovi trying hard to sound like Aerosmith." Both Browne and Allmusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine described the song's lyrics as a halfhearted, ineffectual attempt at social commentary.
The song won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for the year 1993. The video for the song earned the band a Viewer's Choice award at the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards. The video was also voted "Best Video" by "Metal Edge" readers in the magazine's 1993 Readers' Choice Awards.
Live performances.
"Livin' on the Edge" has been a staple at Aerosmith concerts ever since its release. During the Get a Grip Tour, the band performed a portion of "She Cried" (a song recorded by Jay and the Americans, among other artists) as the intro to "Livin' on the Edge". Performances often involved Tyler screaming "There ain't no life nowhere" (from the song "I Don't Live Today" by The Jimi Hendrix Experience) and then breathing heavily over a bright light during the brief interlude. "Livin' on the Edge" was performed at the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards, the 36th Grammy Awards, and at Woodstock '94. Additionally, the band performed the song as part of its set at the benefit concert, held in Washington, D.C. shortly after the September 11 attacks.
Track listings.
CD single
US maxi-CD single
Strictly limited-edition CD single
German CD single

</doc>
<doc id="6941557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941557" title="Ashdod Nitzanim Sand Dune Park">
Ashdod Nitzanim Sand Dune Park



</doc>
<doc id="6941561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941561" title="Lugansk Pyramid">
Lugansk Pyramid



</doc>
<doc id="6941574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941574" title="National Wen-Hua Senior High School">
National Wen-Hua Senior High School

Taichung Municipal Wen-Hua Senior High School was founded on July 1, 1989. WHSH has been accredited by the Ministry of Education as a "First Tier High School".
Introduction.
Location.
The school is located close to the National Museum of Natural Science, Taichung City Hall, and Taichung Shuinan Economic and Trade Park. Wenhua Senior High School Station (文華高中站) is next to the school.
Reputation.
Some of the students in WHSH also choose to study in the United States and Europe.
Wen-Hua Senior High School is also a well-known member of the Four Provincial Schools (四省中) in Taichung area. From 2015, WHSH and other four famous high schools in Taichung have established the Taichung Big 5 affiliation.
The school provides excellent STEM courses, humanities courses, and Dancing courses in national standard.
History.
WHSH is one of the youngest schools in Taiwan and it is also the only school of the "Four Schools" established after the World War II period.

</doc>
<doc id="6941578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941578" title="School District of Lancaster">
School District of Lancaster

The School District of Lancaster is a large, urban school district of 11,300 students educated in 19 schools in central Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. It serves both the City of Lancaster and Lancaster Township. Established in 1836, it is the second oldest school district in the state. The School District of Lancaster encompasses approximately . According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 70,348. By 2010, the district's population increased to 74,989 people. The School District of Lancaster serves a racially and economically diverse population of students: 60% Hispanic, 17% African American, 13% Caucasian, 10% Asian/other. 
According to the Pennsylvania Budget and Policy Center, 80.8% of the district's pupils lived at 185% or below the Federal Poverty level as shown by their eligibility for the federal free or reduced price school meal programs in 2012. In 2009, the district residents' per capita income was $16,273 a year, while the median family income was $38,429. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. In Lancaster County, the median household income was $54,765. By 2013, the median household income in the United States rose to $52,100.
According to district officials, in school year 2017–2018 the School District of Lancaster provided basic educational services to 11,300 pupils through the employment of 930 teachers, 461 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 160 administrators. The district is a member of Lancaster-Lebanon Intermediate Unit (IU) 13.
The district operates 20 schools in 2017: twelve elementary schools, one K-12 school, four middle schools, one high school campus and two alternative schools. It employs 1,620 staff members, including administrators, teachers, counselors, and support staff.
In 2014, the district sued the state of Pennsylvania, alleging that the state did not provide sufficient funding to provide its students an adequate education.
In 2016, the district was sued by six refugee students who were denied enrollment in the district's high school.
Similar lawsuits had been filed against Utica City School District in New York the prior year, and similar incidents were reported elsewhere in the country.
As of 2023 according to Great Schools there were 11,080 Students in the school system. The demographics percentages were as follows.
White - 12%
Black - 16%
Hispanic - 60%
Asian - 4%
Two or More - 5%

</doc>
<doc id="6941588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941588" title="Clark State Forest">
Clark State Forest

Clark State Forest, located just north of Henryville, Indiana in the United States, is Indiana's oldest state forest, formed in 1903 as a forest research facility and a nursery and later expanded by the Works Progress Administration. Originally 2,028 acres (8 km2) of total land area, it is now almost and is bisected by Interstate 65. It features three trails used exclusively for hikers trails: two internal trails, and the Knobstone Trail. There are nine horse trails, and five miles (8 km) of mountain bike trails. Two nature preserves are also situated within the forest. The forest also contains a outdoor gun range.
History.
A concern around the turn of the 20th century was that many woodworking facilities in Indiana would be forced to close due to dwindling timber supplies. This wood was used by furniture makers and shipbuilders such as the Howard Shipyards. The timber industry was a major part of southern Indiana's agricultural income, but thousands of acres had been deforested. In response to the problem, the state of Indiana decided to establish a series of state forests to ensure the continued existence of timber for woodworking facilities, and to allow Indiana to maintain its ability to export hardwood. The Indiana General Assembly in 1901 created the Indiana State Board of Forestry.
In May 1903, the Indiana state government purchased of forest in the north of Clark County, noted for its knob features (isolated conical hills), for use as Indiana's first state forest, at a cost of US$16,000. Seedlings were planted at Clark State Forest, many of which were to be later moved to other parts of the state. This practice allowed more productive use of the land within the forest, and facilitated the teaching of the art of forestry. Charles C. Deam, a botanist who in 1909 became Indiana's state forester, was in charge of making the state forest an experimental laboratory for 20th-century forest care. Between the opening of the forest, and 1935, over 150 different tree types were tested, many of which survive yet.
During the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration chose to make Clark State Forest a training center for the Civilian Conservation Corps, and also made it Indiana's largest CCC cantonment in November 1933. They created artificial lakes within Clark State Forest, and built many bridges, to aid in water conservation, provide beauty spots within the forest, and teach forestry skills to members of the Civilian Conservation Corps. The state forest's proximity to the Jeffersonville Quartermaster Depot was key in the decision to focus so much attention on it.
Features.
Having grown from its original , Clark State Forest now covers , with many roads and paths. The area also includes of horse trails, ranging from "easy" (for novice riders) to "rugged" (experienced riders only). The existence of these horse trails is one reason why nearby Charlestown State Park did not include them in its development plans. Hunting is allowed, except in those areas designated specifically for more popular recreational activities. Species of wildlife of interest to hunters include deer, foxes, ruffed grouse, squirrels, wild turkeys, raccoons and woodcocks. All the campsites are by design primitive, and the only other areas in the forest that are allowed for camping are off the Knobstone Trail. Other recreational pursuits for visitors include hiking, biking, fishing and picnicking. All of these human activities are however of secondary importance to the primary function of the state forest, which is timber management.
Both native and non-native tree saplings are grown within the forest. Trees officially allowed to be sold for lumber within the state forest are between 70 and 100 years old. Often, the chosen trees are felled to provide an area for native deer to live in the open, and to give smaller animals a brush area for their subsistence. Included in some protected areas are the White Oak () and the Chestnut Oak/Virginia Pine (20 acres) Nature Preserves. Other species of tree include black oak, black walnut, pignut hickory, sugar maples, and tulip trees. 
The lakes of Clark State Forest include:

</doc>
<doc id="6941598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941598" title="Parmenas the Deacon">
Parmenas the Deacon



</doc>
<doc id="6941601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941601" title="Katherine Knight">
Katherine Knight

Katherine Mary Knight (born 24 October 1955) is an Australian murderer and the first woman in the country's history to be sentenced to life imprisonment without the possibility of parole. She was convicted for the murder of her partner, John Charles Thomas Price, in February 2000, and is currently imprisoned at the Silverwater Women's Correctional Centre in New South Wales. Knight stabbed Price to death, skinned him and then put his skin on a meat hook, which she had recently installed. She then cooked his head and parts of his body with the intention of feeding them to Price's children, but was stopped by police after an employee of his went to check on him after he had not been at work that day.
Early life and family.
Katherine Knight was born and raised in an unconventional and dysfunctional family environment. Her mother, Barbara Roughan ("née" Thorley; 1930–1986), had been married to Scottish-born John "Jack" Roughan and lived with him in the small town of Aberdeen in New South Wales' Hunter Valley. They had four sons before Barbara began an adulterous relationship with Kenneth "Ken" Charles Knight (1927–2009), a friend and co-worker of her then-husband.
The local backlash forced Barbara and Ken to move to Moree. None of her sons went with her; the two eldest boys continued to reside with their father and the two younger sons were sent to be raised by an aunt in Sydney. Barbara had four additional children with Ken, including twin girls born in 1955 in Tenterfield; Knight was one of these twin daughters. In 1959, when Knight was four years old, John Roughan died and his two older sons moved in with Barbara and Ken.
Ken was a violent alcoholic who would rape Barbara up to ten times per day. Barbara, in turn, often shared intimate details of her sex life with her daughters and expressed her hatred for sex and men. Later, when Knight complained to her mother about a sexual partner wanting her to engage in a sex act she did not wish to perform, Barbara advised her to endure it and stop complaining. Knight alleged she was frequently sexually assaulted by several members of her family, excluding her father, until she was aged 11. Although there are doubts regarding the specifics, psychiatrists accepted her allegations, and these events have been largely confirmed by other family members.
Barbara's great-grandmother was an Indigenous Australian from the Moree area who had married an Irishman. Barbara took pride in this heritage and identified as Aboriginal. However, this was kept a family secret due to the racism prevalent in the area at the time, and Barbara's descent became a source of tension for the children. Apart from her twin sister, the only person with whom Knight felt a close bond was her uncle, Oscar Knight, a champion horseman. She was devastated when Oscar died by suicide in 1969 and continues to maintain that his ghost visits her. The family moved back to Aberdeen the same year.
When she attended Muswellbrook high school, Knight became a loner and is remembered by classmates as a bully who stood over smaller pupils. She assaulted at least one boy at school with a weapon and was once injured by a teacher, who was subsequently found to have acted in self-defence. By contrast, when not in a rage, Knight was a model student and often earned awards for her good behaviour. 
Knight left school at the age of 15, having not learned to read or write. She initially worked as a cutter in a clothing factory before moving on to what she described as her "dream job" at a local abattoir, where she began cutting up offal. She quickly advanced to boning and received her own set of butchers' knives. Knight kept these knives hung over her bed at home, stating that they would always be handy if needed, a practice she maintained until her incarceration. Residents of Aberdeen later recalled Knight for her tendency to physically threaten anyone who angered her.
Marriage to David Kellett.
Knight first met co-worker David Stanford Kellett in 1973. Kellett engaged in heavy drinking which stemmed from two traumatic incidents from his previous railway job in Coffs Harbour: first, when his best friend was killed in front of him in a shunting accident; later, when he rescued injured occupants of a school bus in Kempsey which had been struck by a train, killing six children. He eventually lost the job due to deteriorating behaviour and performance, but he soon got work at the nearby Aberdeen abattoir and became close friends with Knight's brother. Often, if Kellett got into a fight, Knight would step in and back him up with her fists. 
Knight married Kellett in 1974, at her request. They arrived at the service on her motorcycle, with Kellett appearing quite intoxicated on the pillion. Upon their arrival, Knight's mother, Barbara, offered Kellett some stern advice about his new wife. She warned him to be cautious, stating that if he upset Knight or cheated on her, he would be in serious trouble. She indicated that Knight had some unpredictable tendencies. On their wedding night, Knight attempted to strangle Kellett, later explaining that it was due to him falling asleep after they had intercourse only three times.
The marriage proved particularly violent, and on one occasion a heavily pregnant Knight burned all of Kellett's clothing and shoes before hitting him across the back of the head with a frying pan, simply because he had arrived home late from a darts competition after reaching the finals. In fear for his life, Kellett fled before collapsing in a neighbour's house and was treated for a severely fractured skull. Police wanted to charge Knight, but she changed her behaviour to ingratiating Kellett and talked him into dropping the charges.
In May 1976, shortly after the birth of their first child, Melissa Ann, Kellett left Knight for another woman and moved to Queensland, apparently unable to cope with the abuse. The next day, Knight was seen pushing her newborn baby in a pram down the main street, violently throwing the pram from side to side. She was admitted to St Elmo's Hospital in Tamworth, where she was diagnosed with postnatal depression and spent several weeks recovering. After being released, Knight placed two-month-old Melissa on a railway line shortly before a train was due. She then stole an axe, went into town and threatened to kill several people. A homeless man known in the district as "Old Ted", who was foraging near the railway line, found and rescued Melissa, by all accounts only minutes before the train passed. Knight was arrested and again taken to St Elmo's Hospital, but apparently she recovered and signed herself out the following day.
A few days later, Knight slashed the face of a woman with one of her knives and demanded she drive her to Queensland to find Kellett. The woman escaped after they stopped at a service station; however, by the time police arrived, Knight had taken a young boy hostage and was threatening him with the knife. She was disarmed when police attacked her with brooms and was admitted to Morisset psychiatric hospital. Knight told the nurses she had intended to kill the mechanic at the service station because he had repaired Kellett's car, which had allowed him to leave, and then kill both her husband and his mother when she arrived in Queensland. When police informed Kellett of the incident, he left his girlfriend and moved to Aberdeen with his mother to support Knight.
Knight was released on 9 August 1976 into the care of her mother-in-law and, along with Kellett, moved to Ipswich, a city west of Brisbane, where she obtained a job at the Dinmore meatworks. On 6 March 1980, they had another daughter, Natasha Maree. In 1984, Knight left Kellett and moved, first to her parents' house in Aberdeen, then to a rented house in nearby Muswellbrook. Although she returned to work at the abattoir, she injured her back the following year and went on a disability pension. Since she no longer needed to rent accommodation close to her work, the government provided her with a Housing Commission residence in Aberdeen.
Other relationships.
David Saunders.
Knight met 38-year-old miner David Saunders in 1986. A few months later, he moved in with her and her daughters, although he kept his old apartment in Scone. Knight soon became jealous of what he did when she was not around and would often throw him out. He would move back to his apartment, where she would invariably follow and beg him to return. In May 1987, Knight cut the throat of Saunders' two-month-old dingo pup in front of him, for no more reason than as an example of what would happen if he ever had an affair, before going on to knock him unconscious with a frying pan. In June 1988, she gave birth to a third daughter, Sarah, which prompted Saunders to put a deposit on a house; Knight paid off the deposit when her workers' compensation came through in 1989. Knight decorated the house throughout with animal skins, skulls, horns, rusty animal traps, leather jackets, old boots, machetes, rakes and pitchforks. No space, including the ceilings, was left uncovered.
After an argument in which she hit Saunders in the face with an iron before stabbing him in the abdomen with a pair of scissors, he moved back to Scone, but when he later returned home to Aberdeen, he found she had cut up all his clothes. Saunders took a long service leave and went into hiding. Knight tried to find him, but no one admitted to knowing his whereabouts. Several months later, Saunders returned to see his daughter and found that Knight had gone to the police and unjustly told them she was afraid of him. They issued her an Apprehended Violence Order (AVO) against him.
John Chillingworth.
In 1991, Knight became pregnant by 43-year-old former abattoir co-worker John Chillingworth and gave birth the following year to a boy they named Eric. Their relationship lasted three years before she left him for a man she had been having an affair with for some time, John Price.
John Price.
John Charles Thomas Price (4 April 1955 – 1 March 2000) was the father of three children when he began his affair with Knight. Reputedly a "terrific bloke" liked by everyone who knew him, his own marriage had ended in 1988. While his two-year-old daughter had remained with his former wife, the two older children lived with him. Price was aware of Knight's violent reputation when she moved into his house in 1995. However, his children liked her, he was making a lot of money working in the local mines, and, apart from violent arguments, at first "life was a bunch of roses."
In 1998, Knight and Price fought over his refusal to marry her. In retaliation, she videotaped items he had allegedly stolen from work and sent the tape to his boss. Although the items were out-of-date medical kits that he had scavenged from the company rubbish tip, Price was fired from the job he had held for seventeen years. That same day, he kicked her out and she returned to her own home while news of what she had done spread throughout the town. A few months later, Price restarted the relationship, although he now refused to allow her to move in with him. The fighting became even more frequent, and most of his friends would no longer have anything to do with him while they remained together.
Murder of John Price.
In February 2000, a series of assaults on Price culminated with Knight stabbing him in the chest. Finally fed up, he kicked her out of his house. On 28 February, he stopped at the Scone Magistrate's Court on his way to work and took out a restraining order in an attempt to keep her away from both himself and his children. That afternoon, Price told his co-workers that if he did not come to work the next day, it would be because Knight had murdered him. Despite their pleas that Price should not return home, he stated that he was afraid Knight would kill his children if he did not. Price arrived home to find that Knight, although not there herself, had sent the children away for a sleep-over at a friend's house. He then spent the evening with his neighbours before returning home and going to bed at 11 pm. Earlier that day, Knight had bought new black lingerie and had videotaped all her children while making comments which have since been interpreted as crude will. She later arrived at Price's house while he was sleeping and sat watching television for a few minutes before having a shower. She then woke Price and they had sex, after which he fell asleep.
At 6 am the next day, a neighbour became concerned that Price's car was still in the driveway, and when he did not arrive at work, his employer sent a worker to see what was wrong. Both the neighbour and the worker tried knocking on Price's bedroom window to wake him, but they alerted police after noticing blood on the front door. Breaking down the back door, police found Price's body, with Knight comatose from taking a large number of pills. She had stabbed Price with a butcher's knife while he was sleeping. According to the blood evidence, he awoke and tried to turn the light on before attempting to escape while Knight chased him through the house. He managed to open the front door and get outside, but he either stumbled back inside or was dragged back into the hallway, where he finally died after bleeding out. Later, Knight went into Aberdeen and withdrew $1,000 from Price's account at an ATM. Price's autopsy revealed that he had been stabbed at least 37 times, in both the front and back of his body, with many of the wounds extending into vital organs.
Several hours after Price had died, Knight skinned him and hung the skin from a meat hook on the architrave of a door to the lounge room. She then decapitated Price and cooked parts of his body, serving up the meat with baked potato, carrot, pumpkin, beetroot, zucchini, cabbage, yellow squash and gravy in two settings at the dinner table, along with notes beside each plate, each having the name of one of Price's children on it. She was preparing to serve his body parts to his children. A third meal was thrown on the back lawn for unknown reasons, and it is speculated that Knight had attempted to eat it but could not. This has been put forward in support of her claim that she has no memory of the crime. Price's head was found in a pot with vegetables. The pot was still warm, estimated to be at between , indicating that the cooking had taken place in the early morning. Sometime later, Knight arranged the body with the left arm draped over an empty 1.25-litre soft drink bottle with the legs crossed. This was claimed in court to be an act of defilement demonstrating Knight's contempt for Price. Knight had left a handwritten note on top of a photograph of Price. Bloodstained and covered with small pieces of flesh, it read:
Time got you back Johathon for rapping [raping] my douter [daughter]. You to Beck [Price's daughter] for Ross – for Little John [his son]. Now play with little Johns dick John Price.
The accusations in the note were found to be groundless.
Trial.
Knight's initial offer to plead guilty to manslaughter was rejected, and she was charged on 2 March 2001 with murdering Price, to which she entered a plea of not guilty. Her trial was initially fixed for 23 July 2001, but it was adjourned due to her counsel's illness and it was re-fixed for 15 October 2001.
When the trial commenced, Justice Barry O'Keefe offered the 60 jury prospects the option of being excused due to the graphic nature of the photographic evidence, which five accepted. When the witness list was read out to the prospects, several more also dropped out after which the jury was empanelled. Knight's attorneys then spoke to the judge who adjourned to the following day. The next morning, Knight changed her plea to guilty, and the jury was dismissed. It was then made public that Justice O'Keefe had been advised of the plea change the day before. He had adjourned the trial and then ordered a psychiatric assessment overnight to determine if Knight understood the consequences of a guilty plea and was fit to make such a plea. Knight's legal team had planned to defend Knight by claiming amnesia and dissociation, a claim supported by most psychiatrists, although they did consider her sane. Two psychiatrists concluded that Knight suffered from borderline personality disorder.
No explanation has ever been provided for the guilty plea, and even after pleading guilty, Knight continued to deny responsibility for her actions. During the sentencing hearing, her lawyers asked for her to be excused from hearing certain details, but the request was denied. When Timothy Lyons testified about the skinning and decapitation, Knight became hysterical and had to be sedated.
During the trial on 8 November 2001, Justice O'Keefe emphasized the severity of the crime and Knight's lack of remorse, which warranted a harsh penalty. He sentenced her to life imprisonment without setting a non-parole period and mandated that her papers be labeled "definitely never to be released", marking a historic first for a woman in Australian legal history.
In June 2006, Knight appealed her life sentence, arguing that the penalty of life in prison without the possibility of parole was too severe for the crime. Justices Peter McClellan, Michael Adams and Megan Latham dismissed the appeal in September at the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal. Justice McClellan stated that the crime was appalling and nearly unimaginable in a civilized society.
Prison.
Knight has been reported to have taken a leadership role among prisoners at Silverwater Women's Correctional Centre and a mediator of disputes. It was reported in July 2017 that to that point she did not have a record of violence in prison and hadn't received any prison charges.

</doc>
<doc id="6941607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941607" title="List of films about blues music">
List of films about blues music

Films dealing with blues history or prominently featuring blues music as a theme include:

</doc>
<doc id="6941608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941608" title="Ann Nelson">
Ann Nelson

Ann Elizabeth Nelson (April 29, 1958 – August 4, 2019) was an American particle physicist and professor of physics in the Particle Theory Group at the University of Washington from 1994 until her death. Nelson received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2004, and she was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2011 and the National Academy of Sciences in 2012. She was a recipient of the 2018 J. J. Sakurai Prize for Theoretical Particle Physics, presented annually by the American Physical Society and considered one of the most prestigious prizes in physics.
Education.
Born in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Nelson earned her Bachelor of Science degree at Stanford University in 1980, and her Ph.D. degree at Harvard University under the supervision of Howard Georgi in 1984.
Career.
After a post doctoral fellowship at the Harvard Society of Fellows from 1984-1987, Nelson became an assistant professor at Stanford University in 1987. In 1990 Nelson moved to UC San Diego, and then in 1994 moved for the final time her career to the University of Washington.
Research.
Nelson is known for a number of theories, including:
Personal life.
Nelson was married to David B. Kaplan, also a professor of physics at the University of Washington. She had been an active member of The Mountaineers club in Seattle since 1994. She had two children.
Nelson was an activist for equal rights throughout her life. In 1980, when graduating from Stanford University, she and her husband wore colored ribbons to protest Stanford's investments in Apartheid South Africa. In 2017, she led physics lectures in Palestine to support social justice and promote diversity in science fields around the world. She advocated for greater representation of women in physics research.
Death.
On August 4, 2019, while hiking Iron Cap Mountain in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness with her husband and two friends, Nelson lost her footing and died after falling into a rocky gully. Her husband and fellow hikers were rescued on August 4 by a Spokane helicopter crew. Her body was recovered on August 6.

</doc>
<doc id="6941609" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941609" title="Cause and Effect (band)">
Cause and Effect (band)

Cause &amp; Effect (abbreviated as C&amp;E) was an American electronic/synthpop band from Sacramento, California, originally consisting of Robert Rowe (also known as Rob Rowe) and Sean Rowley. They are best known by their US minor hits "You Think You Know Her" (1990), "Another Minute" (1992) and "It's Over Now" (1994).
History.
Early years.
Cause &amp; Effect (C&amp;E) were formed in Sacramento, California, United States, consisting of founding members vocalist/guitarist Rob Rowe and vocalist/keyboardist Sean Rowley (August 24, 1969 – November 12, 1992). They originally released their debut in 1990 as a self-titled album on minor label Exile Records. C&amp;E was subsequently picked up by BMG Music subsidiary, Zoo Entertainment, and a reworked version of their album was released in 1991 as "Another Minute". Adding drummer Richard Shepherd, the band headed out on tour in late 1992.
Death of Rowley.
Just as the fortunes of the band looked promising, co-founding member Sean Rowley died on November 12, 1992, while on tour as the opening act for Information Society. Rowley died during the soundcheck for the tour's seventh show at Glam Slam, a club opened in 1989 by musician/songwriter Prince in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The cause of death was reported as a result of heart failure brought on by a severe asthma attack. He was 23. The group cancelled the remainder of their tour and returned home to Sacramento.
A period of contemplation followed. The band was then invited to perform at the sold-out KROQ Acoustic Christmas Show. The audience's reception encouraged Rowe to continue the band. The Rowe-penned acoustic song "Hollow" was included on a compilation by their record company, Zoo Entertainment. The song was dedicated to Rowley.
New members.
Afterwards, Rowe and Shepherd decided to continue the band's efforts with keyboardist Keith Milo. In 1994, the re-formed band released their second album, "Trip", which was received with critical acclaim. The album spawned the single "It's Over Now", a number 7 hit on the "Billboard" Modern Rock Tracks chart and the band's second single to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100, reaching number 67 in August 1994. Singles were also released for the songs "Alone" and "Inside Out", but both failed to make a dent in the charts.
"Innermost Station".
After parent company BMG pulled funding and distribution, C&amp;E's indie label Zoo Entertainment folded in 1995. Instead of searching for another major label deal, C&amp;E decided to utilize alternative methods of distribution and simultaneously established their official online website and label, Liquefaction, in 1996. The band released their third album, "Innermost Station", in 1997 (re-released in 1999). A digital single of "World Is Ours", containing two remixes was released via their website around this time. The release of the album coincided with the departure of drummer Richard Shepherd from the group.
"The Sunrise EP".
Rowe and Milo released "The Sunrise EP" in 2003, which featured the single "Into the Light" which became the band's fifth single to chart in the "Billboard" club charts, reaching No. 20 in mid-2004. "Into the Light" was released as a digital only iTunes single with seven club remixes (most notably by Dave Audé).
"Artificial Construct".
In breaking with tradition, Rowe and Milo released their fifth studio album "Artificial Construct", as a three-part series to be released as individual EPs over the course of 2011. "Artificial Construct Part One" was released on June 6, 2010. Part Two was released July 8, 2011. As of November 2014, Part Three of "Artificial Construct" has yet to be released as the band is on hiatus while Rowe works on his side project, Whitewaits.
Hiatus and split.
A message from the band on posted on its Facebook Page read: "C&amp;E UPDATE: Dear friends, After a 20-year "monogamous" musical relationship, we've decided to shake things up a bit in 2013 and try something different. We're putting the release of AC3 on hold to focus on some exciting individual side projects. But don't worry, we still love each other and we definitely love you for your continued support - Stay tuned in the coming weeks for more details! Cheers, Rob &amp; Keith #Hiatus".
In April 2020, the band announced via their Facebook page that Cause and Effect would no longer be making music together.
Rob Rowe.
Rowe has since released solo material under the name "Whitewaits" and along with producer "Von Hertzog" under the name "VH x RR".
Popular culture.
One of the band's songs, "Ophelia", was featured in the 2000 film "Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth".
In 2020, Crosses (a side project from Deftones singer Chino Moreno) released a cover of Cause &amp; Effect's "The Beginning of the End".

</doc>
<doc id="6941611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941611" title="Nevada Union High School">
Nevada Union High School

Nevada Union High School (NU) is located in the Sierra Nevada foothills northeast of California's capital, Sacramento. Situated between Nevada City and Grass Valley, the school serves those two incorporated cities and a large surrounding community. The Nevada Union High School district covers a huge geographic area, with some students bussed in from as far as 56 miles away. NU was named a California Distinguished School in 1997 and 2012, and in 1998 was recognized as a National Blue Ribbon High School.
History.
Nevada Union opened in 1961 to serve the needs of Nevada City, Grass Valley, and the surrounding communities. Prior to 1961, the high school was located in Grass Valley.
In the 2005-2006 school year, 242 of 602 seniors (40%) took the SAT, with average scores of 554 in Critical Reading (~65th percentile), 559 in Math (~63rd percentile), and 548 in Writing (~68th percentile).
Nevada Union High School campus was opened at its current location in 1961 as a Senior High School (Grades 10-12). This was not the first campus for NUHS. When the District was formed in 1952, the Senior High School opened at the previous Grass Valley High School and the Junior High School (Grades 7-9)* was initially opened at the former Nevada City High School. With the opening of the new campus in 1961, the Junior High School was moved to the campus of the previous Senior High School.
Student body.
NUHS serves ninth through twelfth grade students. NU is economically diverse, with 45% of families qualifying for the Free and Reduced National School Lunch Program. 4% of the NU population is identified as "McKinney-Vento." Students who attend Nevada Union are not only from Grass Valley and Nevada City; they also commute from North San Juan, Penn Valley, Rough and Ready, Cedar Ridge, Chicago Park, Lake Wildwood, Oregon House, Brownsville, and Alta Sierra. 
Athletics.
The NU mascot is the Miner, with female teams referred to as the "Lady Miners". The school colors are officially blue and gold, and the shades of those two colors have changed over time.
Due to NU's relative success in several athletic programs, it has developed some significant rivalries that have changed over the years due to league realignments and changes in sports programs. A big rival in the 70s was Placer High School in nearby Auburn. In the 80s and 90s, Grant High School in Sacramento was considered the chief rival. Grant High School has recently become a season game once again due to league changes, and were throttled by the Nevada Union miners in 2012.
In both 2004 and 2005 the Lady Miners volleyball team appeared twice at the Division I California State Championships to compete for the state title.
In 2005 the Nevada Union football team won the first section title in more than a decade, placing first in the state of California and 19th in the United States. The final game was Nevada Union 46, West 7.
In 2008, the Lady Miners volleyball team won its seventh straight section title. This set a new record in all of California for most consecutive section titles in any sport.
In 2009, Nevada Union's Miner Football team won its second section title in ten years.
On August 23, 2024, Kaylin Williams kicked an extra point, making her the first female player to score a point for Nevada Union’s varsity football team.
NU offers cross country, track, swimming, soccer, tennis, golf, Nordic skiing, snowboarding, alpine skiing, dance, wrestling, and a mountain bike team.
Football is the main target of Nevada Union's booster support.
Performing Arts.
Throughout the past decade, Nevada Union has thoroughly established itself as a producer of performing artists, and Nevada Union's drama department has produced several notable young actors of the new age. The drama department, the Nevada Union Theatrical Society or NUTS, has produced several outstanding plays in the last several years.
The Nevada Union Instrumental Music program is a multi-faceted, award-winning program. The band consists of roughly 150 members, many of whom belong to multiple bands. The concert/symphonic band has taken many awards and received several unanimous "superior" ratings in the past three years. This band is much more extensive, with several members already playing for professional orchestras.
Nevada Union also has two small jazz bands and a marching band. The marching band has received nearly fifty awards altogether, and has also had an award-winning color guard and percussion division during the winter. The marching band follows the Drum Corps International style of marching band, and has one drum major.
The Nevada Union High School Choir Program has seven outstanding choirs. This program consists of roughly 250 members. The Concert and Chamber Choirs place in the top five every year at Golden State Festival in Northern California. Every other year, these choirs travel to Europe to perform, always receiving high amounts of praise. The Chamber Choir is favored in the community, and performs at many events throughout the year. This choir program has been award-winning for over fifty years, first under director Don Baggett and now with his son, director Rod Baggett.
Visual Arts.
NU offers a comprehensive Visual Arts program that serves students across all grade levels. The curriculum includes courses in Ceramics, Photography, Drawing and Painting, and Studio Art, with opportunities for Advanced Placement. Nevada Union partners with the Nevada County Arts Council and the Nevada Union Art Guild to provide students with community-based arts opportunities and exhibition platforms. The school recently launched it's Visiting Artists program through Proposition 28 funding, bringing working artists into classrooms to enrich instruction and expose students to a variety of contemporary practices. Student work is regularly featured on campus in the "Art Lab Student Gallery" and local exhibition spaces like the Center for the Arts, highlighting the school's commitment to fostering artistic literacy and cultural participation.

</doc>
<doc id="6941615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941615" title="Giuseppe Albani">
Giuseppe Albani

Giuseppe (Andrea) Albani (13 September 1750 – 3 December 1834) was an Italian Roman Catholic Cardinal. He played an important role in the elections of Leo XII, Pius VIII and Gregory XVI.
Biography.
Albani was born in Rome into a noble family who produced a number of clergy. His great-uncle was Pope Clement XI (r. 1700–1720) and three other relatives were prominent cardinals: two nephews of Pope Clement, Annibale Albani (1682–1751) and Alessandro Albani (1692–1772), and Alessandro's nephew Gianfrancesco Albani (1720–1803), who was Giuseppe's uncle.
He studied for the priesthood in Siena, but in his early twenties he returned to Rome to be a domestic prelate for Pope Clement XIV. He gained experience in the practice of canon law. He held major offices in the Roman Curia from a relatively early age. During the French occupation of Rome at the end of the 18th century, he took refuge in Vienna, where he became allied with the Habsburg monarchy. The Habsburgs claimed the right to exercise over papal election, the "jus exclusivae", and he served as their intermediary in subsequent papal conclaves when they chose to exercise that right.
The French invaders had removed many works of art from the Villa Albani, which had been built for Alessandro Albani, who filled it with his collection of antiquities and ancient Roman sculpture. In 1815 Giuseppe Albani reclaimed them but sold them rather than pay the costs of transporting them to Rome. Some remained in Paris and several entered the collection of Ludwig I of Bavaria.
On 20 May 1817 he was appointed Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops and Pius VII made him a cardinal in 1818, assigning him the titular church of San Cesareo in Palatio.
In the conclave of 1823, he presented the veto against the election of Cardinal Antonio Gabriele Severoli on behalf of Emperor Francis I of Austria. In the 1829 conclave, though Albani was absent from the early ballots, his support for Pius VIII proved significant. In the conclave of 1830, Albani played a significant role but did not see his candidate Bartolomeo Pacca succeed.
As Cardinal Protodeacon he announced the elections of Pope Pius VIII in 1829 and Pope Gregory XVI in 1830 and crowned both with the triple tiara.
Albani's other appointments included Secretary of Secret Domestic Briefs on 30 January 1824, as Legate in Bologna on 10 December 1824, Secretary of State to Pius VIII from 31 March 1829 until 30 November 1830, and as Secretary of Apostolic Briefs from 15 April 1829 until his death. He was also Librarian of Holy Roman Church beginning on 23 April 1830. In 1831 he was also appointed Legate in Urbino and Pesaro, and was the commissary extraordinary charged with reestablishing order in the Legations of the Papal States. He was one of Pope Gregory's advisors responsible for assessing the flood risk posed by the River Aniene to the east of Rome.
He died in Pesaro on 3 December 1834. He was buried in the family chapel in the cloisters of the Church of San Pietro in Urbino.

</doc>
<doc id="6941627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941627" title="List of books similar to Harry Potter">
List of books similar to Harry Potter



</doc>
<doc id="6941629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941629" title="Obscure berrypecker">
Obscure berrypecker

The obscure berrypecker (Melanocharis arfakiana) is a small passerine bird from the berrypecker family "Melanocharitidae". It was described by the German ornithologist Friedrich Finsch based on a specimen collected on the island of New Guinea (to which the berrypecker family is endemic); collected in 1867 in the Arfak Mountains (now in Papua). Another specimen was collected in 1933 in the mountains (950–1000 m) northwest of Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea (BirdLife International 2006), these two specimens are the only confirmed records of the species. Unconfirmed sight records have been made in regions of New Guinea; these suggest that the species is not rare, and is a resident of disturbed forest, able to cope with human modification of its habitat. All these sightings were all made in the mountains (640-1,100 m), which is consistent with the range of the rest of the berrypeckers, only the black berrypecker has a lowland range (Beeher "et al." 1986).
Description.
The obscure berrypecker is a drab olive coloured bird with a greyish wash on its upperparts. It resembles the female black berrypecker except that its wing linings and are yellowish and the bill is pale coloured. The species is arboreal (Gregory &amp; Webster 2004) and probably is a solitary forager of fruit and small invertebrates obtained by hover-gleaning (like the rest of the berrypeckers).

</doc>
<doc id="6941630" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941630" title="Australian Lutheran College">
Australian Lutheran College

Australian Lutheran College (ALC), formerly Luther Seminary and Lutheran Teachers College, is a higher education institution serving the Lutheran Church of Australia and a registered teaching institution of University of Divinity. and the Adelaide College of Divinity. 
The college is located in North Adelaide, South Australia on the corner of Ward and Jeffcott streets. The campus includes a number of single and shared accommodation blocks, a library, a refectory as well as educational facilities.
Although still primarily a theological college, it is also open to students studying at the University of Adelaide, the University of South Australia, Flinders University, or TAFE, a paradigm reflected in the name change of 2004. Unique among South Australian residential colleges, Australian Lutheran College is equipped to accommodate married students, even with families.
As of 10 August 2014, the principal of the college has been Pastor James Winderlich; in July 2023 he announced his intention to leave the college and return to preaching. 
In 2024 the Australian Lutheran Church moved to sell and later sold the site, with the college to move to a new location.
History.
Pre-seminary days.
Prior to its use as a seminary, the site was used for three different schools or colleges - the North Adelaide Grammar School from 1854 to 1882; Whinham College from 1882 to 1898, during which time a boarding house (now Hebart Hall) and a gymnasium-lecture hall (now the main part of Löhe Memorial Library) were built; and Angas College, owned by John Howard Angas, son of South Australian "patriarch" George Fife Angas and operated as an interdenominational missionary training school until the army took possession of the site for a repatriation hospital in 1916.
Immanuel College and Seminary.
In 1922 the United Evangelical Lutheran Church in Australia purchased the property for only £13,500 on the condition that it was used for Protestant Evangelical religious education. The college and seminary was opened on 25 February 1923 and remained on the site until during World War II, when it was given ten days' notice by the Air Force that the college had to move; upon which it transferred to North Walkerville. The principal was Pastor J. P. Löhe, after whom the library would later be named.
Immanuel Seminary.
The seminary was able to remain on the North Adelaide site and did so, expansively renovating the old college site to extend the seminary itself at the end of the war. Hebart Hall was used as a residence for lecturers and tertiary boarders and the gymnasium-lecture hall ("Angas Hall") for the chapel until its conversion to the library in 1960.
Luther Seminary.
With the amalgamation of the UELCA and the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Australia (ELCA) in 1966 came the amalgamation of the ELCA's seminary (Concordia, where the secondary school is still situated) and the UELCA's North Adelaide seminary. In 1967 extensive building programs began, including additions to the library, the erection of a new boarding house (Graebner Hall) and demolition of the old grammar school to make way for a refectory and extra accommodation (Hamann Hall). The new seminary opened debt-free due to a church appeal which raised $1 million.
The increasing number of married students brought the expansion of the campus to include buildings on Jeffcott Street, Archer Street and Ward Court.
Luther Campus.
Lutheran Teachers College and the Lay Training Centre were moved to the campus in 1989 and with this the name changed to Luther Campus to reflect the change of role of the site. Attempts were made to find suitable sites for relocation for the institution, but these were abandoned in 1990 and the church authorised more works, including the erection of 17 townhouses on Archer Street, a new Student Centre between Graebner Hall and the townhouses. In 1994 the School of Theology (for lay students) joined the campus also.
Back to Luther Seminary.
In 1998 the three occupants of Luther Campus came under the authority of one institution, three programs in one school, and the name was changed back to Luther Seminary.
Australian Lutheran College.
The 2003 General Synod of the church decided to change the name of the institution to Australian Lutheran College from 1 January 2004, to reflect the nature of the college as an education facility, not just a seminary.
Academic schools.
School of Pastoral Theology.
The SPT is the school dedicated to training pastors for work in the Lutheran Church of Australia. Students who are accepted into this school study for Bachelor of Theology and Bachelor of Ministry degrees - a five-year double degree. Subjects are taken in a number of different fields, such as history, theology, biblical studies (including Greek and Hebrew studies) and pastoral theology. Aside from the vicarage period, the teaching is all done on campus.
As this is the only LCA seminary, students come from all over Australia and New Zealand and most live in nearby ALC accommodation. The school attracts a constant stream of international students, primarily from Asia and the Pacific region.
School of Educational Theology.
The SET oversees the training of teachers for service in Lutheran schools. As the nature of this school is one complementary to university studies much of its work is done off campus.
School of Theological Studies.
The STS is the school which provides theological training for lay people - those not studying for ordained ministry. It has a range of on campus subjects and also provides online learning for long distance students.
Campus life.
Boarding.
The ALC provides accommodation for up to 96 tertiary boarders (and single students studying at ALC), the majority coming from the surrounding areas such as the Barossa Valley, Mid North, Riverland, Eyre Peninsula, Murray Mallee and Mount Gambier/South East.
Services provided by the ALC for the boarding community include meals, cleaning, linen service, tennis and basketball court and squash court and a basic gym.
Chapel.
Chapel is held mid-morning every weekday during term. It is largely student run and a sermon is heard most weeks, either from a lecturer or a senior student. The chapel is located in Hebart Hall.
Löhe Memorial Library.
The library holds over 90,000 resources including a 1551 imprint of the Luther Bible. The library was named after Johannes Paul Löhe, the principal of Immanuel Seminary, Adelaide from 1923 to 1944. The library contains historical artefacts and a large collection of journals and theologically-based books and material and is mainly housed in Whinham Hall, which was built in 1882.
ALC Residents Association.
Originally called the Luther Seminary Students Association, then changed to the ALC Students Association and with the advent of VSU in Australian universities, has changed to the ALC Residents Association - to make it clearer that the membership extends to those who live on campus, boarders and the ALC students who live in the on campus units.
The ALCRA are responsible for forming a community atmosphere amongst both boarders and students. They organise events during the year, internal sporting competitions and community barbecues.
Horrie Packer Memorial Mixed Netball Match.
One of the notable events during the year, originally a mixed-doubles tennis match between the Lutheran Teachers College students and the ALC pastoral ministry students it became a mixed netball match. Now it is a match between the ALC students and the boarders.
"Tangara" magazine.
"Tangara" is the college's annual magazine which encompasses all aspects of the community, boarding, teaching and pastoral and theological students.

</doc>
<doc id="6941632" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941632" title="Talang">
Talang

Talang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941636" title="Pacific coast railway">
Pacific coast railway



</doc>
<doc id="6941639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941639" title="SPAM Jam">
SPAM Jam



</doc>
<doc id="6941640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941640" title="Charles Fay">
Charles Fay

Charles Fay may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941645" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941645" title="Pacific Coast Railroad">
Pacific Coast Railroad

Pacific Coast Railroad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941650" title="Peggy Adams">
Peggy Adams



</doc>
<doc id="6941657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941657" title="Aussie Football league">
Aussie Football league



</doc>
<doc id="6941660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941660" title="Prochorus the Deacon">
Prochorus the Deacon



</doc>
<doc id="6941665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941665" title="Fay hut">
Fay hut

The Fay hut was an alpine hut located above Prospectors Valley in Kootenay National Park, British Columbia. Although the higher Neil Colgan hut superseded it as a base for climbs in the Valley of the Ten Peaks area, it still served as a convenient base for hikers and skiers doing day trips in the area, and as an overnight stop for mountaineers continuing on to the Neil Colgan hut. A new hut was built in 2005 to replace the original Fay hut, which was destroyed by a forest fire in 2003. The Fay hut was maintained by the Alpine Club of Canada (ACC).
The new Fay Hut was destroyed by a building structure fire in April 2009. It was unoccupied at the time. The last occupants left at 11 am on April 2. The next group came in on April 4 and found the building burned to the ground. The most likely cause was the ignition of the roof material caused by pyrolysis of the wooden components from leaking hot exhaust gases from the wood fireplace. The last occupants at the hut were using the fireplace and the fire occurred shortly after the last occupants had left the hut. The solid foam plastic insulation in the attic likely contributed to a hot fast fire dripped down in burning streams to the floors below. All that was left of the building was the metal from the roof, lying on the ground. The hut was not insured and was underutilized, so it is unlikely it will be rebuilt again.
History.
The original Fay hut was built in 1927 as a base for climbing in the Valley of the Ten Peaks area. Although it was predated by the Abbot Pass hut and the Elizabeth Parker hut, it was the first hut actually built by the Alpine Club of Canada (ACC). The other two huts were built by the Canadian Pacific Railway and turned over to the ACC some time later. The Fay hut was named for Charles Fay, a founder and the first president of the American Alpine Club. Charles Fay made 25 trips to the Canadian Rockies, participated in the first ascents of Mounts Victoria and Lefroy, and was an honorary member of the ACC.
The ACC operated the hut until 1972, when it turned it over to Kootenay National Park because it could not afford to pay for repairs after a tree fell through the roof. The Park operated it until 1991 when, in a reversal of philosophy, it returned it to the ACC because it did not want to pay for renovations to keep it operating. The ACC and its Rocky Mountain Section put a major effort into renovations and returned the hut to excellent condition.
The original Fay hut was destroyed in 2003 by a major forest fire that burned 12.6% of Kootenay National Park.
The new Fay hut was rebuilt by the ACC in 2005, close to the site of the original hut. Construction involved the contribution of hundreds of thousands of dollars, and thousands of hours of volunteer time, by the members of the ACC and its Rocky Mountain Section. The new hut was a modern log building, prefabricated outside of the park and airlifted to the site in 140 loads by two Bell 407 helicopters in June and July 2005. 20 volunteers a week worked on site for 4 weeks in July, 2005 to assemble the structure. There was one further week of work done in 2006 to finish some small items not completed the year before. In June 2005 85 flights were made to load most of the materials needed to complete the project. This was completed by several volunteers over a four-day period. In order for the actual construction to begin the site had to be cleared, a bridge built and a helicopter landing pad constructed.
In 2009, the new hut burned to the ground while it was unoccupied, sometime between the morning of April 2, when the last group to stay there left, and the evening of April 4, when the next group arrived. With no accommodation, the incoming group had to ski back to the parking lot, arriving there at midnight. Only metal objects remained of the structure, as all the combustibles were consumed by the fire, leaving the metal roof lying on the ground. An investigation determined that the fire started at the point where the fireplace chimney went through the log cabin roof. The fire most likely occurred as the result of the ignition of the roof beams caused by leaking hot gases from the fireplace. The most probable cause of the wood becoming heated is that snow creep might have pushed open the joints of the chimney pipe. The hut was uninsured and no decision has been made by the Alpine Club whether to rebuild it or not.
Access.
In both summer and winter, start from the Marble Canyon parking lot west of the Alberta border on British Columbia Highway 93 (the Banff-Radium Hiqhway).
In summer, follow the well-marked trail along Tokumm Creek for about and then turn right at the trail sign indicating the route to the hut. The trail gains elevation and after about ascends a high rocky headwall. A rope hanging from the top of the headwall provides some help. The hut is only a few hundred metres east of the top of the rope. Note that the trail gains 450 of the 600 metres of elevation in the last 2 kilometres. The route should take about 4–5 hours.
In winter, the trail follows the same route, but route-finding after leaving Tokumm Creek can be difficult. After crossing the small bridge at , watch for the signpost directing you into a drainage to the east. Head along the small creek for about and, after encountering a small ice wall on the right, start the climb up. There is a fixed rope to help with a short section, although it may be buried by snow. At the top, the hut is a few hundred metres to the right, but without a defined trail or a GPS you may have trouble finding it. This route should take about 5 hours, but may take up to 11 if trail breaking is required, and many groups have had to bivy overnight near the headwall.
Facilities.
The hut sleeps 12 in summer or winter on foam mattresses. It is equipped with both solar lighting and propane powered lamps. It has a propane stovetop and oven, and a wood-burning stove for heating in the winter.
Activities.
The hut was originally built as a base for mountaineering in the Valley of the Ten Peaks area, but has since been superseded for that purpose by the Neil Colgan hut. However, it is still possible to make ascents in this area using Fay hut as a base, and peaks like Mount Little, Mount Fay, and Mount Quadra are the most common.
For hiking and backcountry skiing, the trip up Tokumm Creek itself is worthwhile and highly scenic. Continuing along the trail past the turnoff to the hut to the Kaufmann Lake junction is also a good objective, but as of 2007, the trail past the turnoff had not been cleared of deadfall from the forest fire. Skiing from the Fay hut to the Neil Colgan hut is also possible, but should be considered ski mountaineering and can be challenging if conditions are not ideal.
Parks Canada information.
Fay hut is in Kootenay National Park. All vehicles stopping in a National Park must have a Park Motor Vehicle Permit. Annual or single day permits can be purchased at most Park entrance gates and Park visitor centres.
Banff, Jasper, Kootenay, Yoho, and Glacier National Parks collect a fee for backcountry overnight use in the Parks. The fees collected from the wilderness passes go towards maintaining trails, supplying the voluntary registration service, avalanche forecasting, backcountry bridge-building, etc. Overnight users of the Fay hut (ages 16 and over) are required to pay this fee.
The maximum group size for hiking is 10 persons. If your group is larger, you will need to split into smaller groups.
Natural hazards are part of every visit to the Rocky Mountains. It is recommended that anyone participating in hazardous activities in the backcountry register with the Park Wardens. This registration is free and is the best method of ensuring that someone comes looking for you should the worst happen. You can register at any Parks Canada Visitor Centre.

</doc>
<doc id="6941670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941670" title="Pacific Coast Railway">
Pacific Coast Railway

The Pacific Coast Railway was a narrow gauge railway on the Central Coast of California. The original 10-mile (16 km) link from San Luis Obispo to Avila Beach and Port Harford was later built southward to Santa Maria and Los Olivos, with branches to Sisquoc and Guadalupe.
Origins.
The Santa Maria Valley of the central California coast was isolated by the Santa Lucia Range to the north and the Santa Inez Range to the south. "El Camino Real", the "King's Highway," (a dirt road) traversed the difficult Cuesta Pass to reach San Francisco via the Salinas Valley or San Marcos Pass to reach Los Angeles via Santa Barbara. 
Charles Goodall, the operator of a steamship line, reasoned that the lower freight rates that a railroad would provide, would result in a thriving trade in grain, cattle and dairy products.
The People's Wharf was built at Port Harford in 1869 to transfer freight and passengers from Pacific Coast Steamships "Mohongo", "Orizaba" and "Gypsy" operating between San Francisco and San Diego. Goodall, Nelson and Perkins steamships "Ventura" and "Constantine" began weekly service to Port Harford in 1873; and Ah Louis built a horse-powered, narrow gauge tramway in 1873 to transport passengers and freight between Port Harford and a wagon road at Avila Beach.
In 1875, Pacific Coast Steamship Company replaced the tram with the narrow gauge steam-powered San Luis Obispo &amp; Santa Maria Valley Railroad to San Luis Obispo. Operations began with ten boxcars and one coach pulled by a called the "Avila" and a called the "John Harford" built by Baldwin Locomotive Works. San Luis Obispo rail yard warehouses became a commercial center for inbound merchandise and outgoing shipments of hay, grain, dairy products, sheep and cattle. The rail line was extended from San Luis Obispo to Arroyo Grande in 1881 and to Santa Maria in 1882. Grant Locomotive Works built another and two locomotives to pull a fleet of 120 new flatcars. A new wharf at Port Harford was wide with tracks extending the full length.
Reorganization.
Oregon Improvement Company obtained controlling interest in the Pacific Coast Steamship Company in late 1882, reorganized the railroad as the Pacific Coast Railway, and extended the line to Los Alamos. The next project was to replace the heavy grade of the original tramway alignment with a deep rock cut and long fill. The line was then extended to Los Olivos in 1887. A fire in 1892 destroyed the San Luis Obispo car shops, grain warehouse, loaded freight cars, half of the railroad's passenger cars and all the cabooses while heavily damaging the station and freight warehouse. Operations were profitable enough to promptly repair the damage. Passenger traffic though Port Harford declined when Southern Pacific reached San Luis Obispo from San Francisco in 1894. Southern Pacific freight rates were high enough to keep most Santa Maria Valley freight on the steamboats; but the loss of passenger traffic put the Oregon Improvement Company into receivership. The reorganized railroad built a branch line in 1899 from Santa Maria to a new Union Sugar Company beet refinery in Betteravia.
Boom years.
The increased agricultural business was shortly overshadowed by discovery of oil in the Santa Maria Valley. By 1902 the railroad had converted its engines to burn oil and was strapping tanks from standard gauge cars onto their flatcars at the rate of ten per month. The railway's three 2-6-0 locomotives were inadequate to move all the oil to storage tanks near San Luis Bay. Five new Baldwin 2-8-0s were delivered by 1906 as the freight car fleet expanded to two hundred cars. The Betteravia branch was electrified in 1906 and extended to Guadalupe in 1909. Another electrified branch was built in 1910 to serve an oil refinery near Sisquoc. Three center-cab electric locomotives worked the branches with a center-door interurban car built by Cincinnati Car Company in 1912.
Decline.
The Santa Maria Valley Railroad was built parallel to the electrified branch of the narrow gauge. Santa Maria Valley agriculture slowly shifted from sugar beets to produce which could be loaded directly onto Southern Pacific refrigerator cars. The sugar beet factory closed in 1927, and electric operations ended in 1928, although steam locomotives still worked the branches occasionally. Profits peaked in 1921 and declined as automobiles became more common, but the railroad saw a brief increase in business hauling gravel for construction of U.S. Route 101 in 1928 and '29. The gravel business required purchase of two 2-8-0s from the recently standard-gauged Nevada–California–Oregon Railway to replace Pacific Coast 2-8-0s dismantled for parts to keep the other engines running. Service to Los Olivos was reduced to a twice-weekly mixed train by 1930 and ended in 1933. A used Plymouth Locomotive Works gasoline switcher was purchased in 1936. The line beyond Los Alamos was dismantled in 1936, and the branch lines were dismantled in 1937. In 1938 locomotive number 106 was destroyed in a grade crossing collision with a gasoline truck, and the last three coaches and a baggage car were sold to the White Pass and Yukon Route. A single combine car numbered 106 was the last piece of passenger equipment. The United States Navy bought the boxcars for use at Naval Station Pearl Harbor when operations ended in 1941; and locomotive number 111 went to the Oahu Railway and Land Company. Bell Oil Company briefly used the railway north of Santa Maria until the line was dismantled in 1942. Most of the remaining equipment was cut up for scrap by 1948, but caboose number 2 has been preserved at the California State Railroad Museum. A narrow-gauge Pacific Coast Railway boxcar is at the Southern California Railway Museum, and a Union Oil Company tank that was strapped to a Pacific Coast flatcar is in the collection of the Nevada County Narrow Gauge Railroad &amp; Transportation Museum. The remaining Right of Way in Santa Maria was taken over by SMV and converted to standard Gauge.

</doc>
<doc id="6941674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941674" title="Joseph Weil">
Joseph Weil

Joseph "Yellow Kid" Weil (July 1, 1875 – February 26, 1976) was one of the best known American con men of his era. Weil's biographer, W. T. Brannon, wrote of Weil's "uncanny knowledge of human nature". During the course of his career, Weil is reputed to have stolen more than $8 million.
"Each of my victims had larceny in his heart," quipped Weil.
Early life and career.
Weil was born in Chicago, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Otto Weil. He quit school and started work as a collector in his home town's bustling loan-sharking industry at age 17. Weil noticed his peers keeping small portions of the boss' proceeds. For a portion, offered Weil, he would not share his knowledge of their perfidy. Plenty complied. His career progressed into protection rackets.
Under the tutelage of Chicago confidence man Doc Meriwether, Weil started performing brief cons during the 1890s at public sales of Meriwether's Elixir, the chief ingredient of which was rainwater.
Life as a con man.
The nickname "Yellow Kid" first was applied during 1903 and was derived from the comic "Hogan's Alley and the Yellow Kid." After working for some time with a grifter named Frank Hogan, Chicago alderman "Bathhouse John" Coughlin associated the pair with the comic: Hogan was Hogan, and Weil became the Yellow Kid. "There have been many erroneous stories published about how I acquired this cognomen", Weil writes in his autobiography. "It was said that it was due to my having worn yellow chamois gloves, yellow vests, yellow spats, and a yellow beard. All this was untrue. I had never affected such wearing apparel and I had no beard".
During his career, Weil worked with, among others, con men Doc Meriwether, Billy Wall, William J. Winterbill, Bob Collins, Colonel Jim Porter, Romeo Simpson, "Fats" Levine, Jack Mason, Tim North, and George Gross.
"The desire to get something for nothing has been very costly to many people who have dealt with me and with other con men", Weil writes. "But I have found that this is the way it works. The average person, in my estimation, is ninety-nine per cent animal and one per cent human. The ninety-nine per cent that is animal causes very little trouble. But the one per cent that is human causes all our woes. When people learn—as I doubt they will—that they can't get something for nothing, crime will diminish and we shall live in greater harmony."
Some of Weil's successful cons include swindling the Italian dictator Benito Mussolini out of $2 million, staging fake prize fights, selling "talking" dogs, and selling oil-rich land that he did not own.
Weil claimed to have swindled Andrew Mellon's brother out of $500,000 in a scam involving a silver mine in Colorado.
Jail time.
Weil spent a total of just six years in jail, some of it spent at Leavenworth Prison.
Death.
Weil died in Chicago, Illinois in 1976 at the age of 100.

</doc>
<doc id="6941686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941686" title="Star Guard">
Star Guard

Star Guard is a science fiction novel by American writer Andre Norton, published in 1955 by Harcourt, Brace &amp; Company. It is an example of military science fiction, based on European ancient history.
Plot introduction.
Information given in the story indicates that humanity only developed space travel far enough to attract the attention of Central Control in the 37th century AD. Norton explains the implied retardation of human development through references to nuclear wars, which presumably caused so much destruction that civilization took an extra sixteen or seventeen centuries to achieve a level of development suitable for resuming humanity's reach for the stars.
Presented in the guise of a history lecture at an alien university, Norton's introduction explains that in the 40th century the people of Terra (the Latin name having replaced the Anglo-Saxon Earth) can only go to the stars as mercenaries. On alien worlds Terrans fight brushfire wars and thereby help Central Control maintain peace within its vast interstellar empire. Archs, who fight with relatively primitive weapons, are organized into Hordes, which fight on underdeveloped barbarian planets, and Mechs, who fight with more modern weapons, are organized into Legions, which fight on advanced, civilized worlds. But then a Horde fighting on the primitive planet Fronn encounters a Legion of Mechs.
Plot summary.
In the year 3956 AD. Kana Karr, Arch Swordsman, Third Class, newly graduated from combat training, has come to Prime to obtain his first assignment. He signs up to join Yorke's Horde, which is headed for action on the planet Fronn. In the library adjacent to the Hiring Hall he checks out a record-pak, takes it into a booth, and goes into an induced sleep while the mechanism impresses all that is known of Fronn directly into his brain. As he leaves the library he notices, reflected in a polished surface, a Mech taking the record-pak off the return conveyor, which is strange because the Mech are not allowed to go to Fronn.
On the troop ship to Secundus Kana shares a cabin with Swordtan Trig Hansu, who seems pleased that Kana has had special training in extra-terrestrial contact. From Secundus Yorke's Horde proceeds to Fronn, where Kana is paired with Deke Mills, a veteran close to being promoted to Swordtan. While the Horde is marching to meet their employer, a Llor prince contending for the throne of a kingdom, Kana and another swordsman detect a spy hidden in a caravan of Venturi merchants. Kana and his companion are obliged to shoot the spy dead when they see that he is armed with a flamer, a Mech weapon that is absolutely forbidden on Fronn.
In their first battle the Terran combatants see the prince who hired them killed by a flamer. Uncertain that they have safe passage back to the spaceport at Tharc, Yorke marches his men along the mountain front to camp by a river. At a meeting with Mech officers and a Galactic Agent, Yorke, two of his top Swordtans, and Deke Mills are burned down by flamers. Mills survives his burns long enough to summon Kana and tell him what happened. Told of the treachery, Hansu takes command of the Horde and leads it, stripped to its bare essentials, into the mountains.
In the mountains the Horde encounters the Cos, a people similar to the Llor but physically smaller. At first the Horde must bypass various booby traps, but then the Cos attack. The Horde fights back and conquers a Cos fortress. Then the Cos melt away and the Horde meets no further resistance as it marches through the mountains, across a wide valley, and over a range of coastal mountains.
The adventures of York's horde on Fronn until they get away from the Llor are based on "The Anabasis of Xenophon".
As they cross the valley the Terrans become aware that the Llor have declared war upon the amphibious Venturi. Because the Horde has rescued several Venturi from Llor captors, the Terrans find that the Venturi are willing to give them some help. As they have always done when the pogroms start, the Venturi abandon the continents and retreat to their islands, where the Llor cannot follow, so they invite the Horde to occupy the small port that they have just abandoned. The Horde moves into its new quarters just as Fronn enters the season of nearly constant hurricane-force winds.
During a lull in the winds the Archs find the wreckage of a six-man crawler, a small, tank-like vehicle, that was carrying Mech weapons to an unknown receiver. This discovery implies the existence of a ship nearby and the Venturi tell Hansu where to find it. After sending the rest of the Horde to stay with the Venturi on one of their islands, Hansu takes Kana and several other men to find the ship. After several days of riding the Fronnian equivalent of camels, the men arrive at the ship just in time to see a squad of Mechs and their Llor helpers finish setting up a disturbing tableau around what turns out to be a Galactic Patrol vessel.
With the stolen ship emptied of its cargo of weapons, the Mechs lay out the bodies of half a dozen Patrolmen who had been shot with Arch rifles. An alien among them takes pictures, clearly intending to blame Yorke's Horde for an atrocity against the most respected institution in the galaxy. Once the Mechs and their Llor helpers leave, Hansu takes his men down into the scene and they give the Patrolmen a proper burial. They find that the ship, appearing to have been looted, is still spaceworthy, so the four men strap themselves into the acceleration seats and the Horde's engineer lifts them into space, setting course for Terra. The men need to get their message of betrayal to Deputy-Commander Matthias.
As they approach Terra the men must resort to using the ship's lifeboats, Hansu and Kana taking one and the other two men another. Hansu and Kana land close enough to Prime that they can get there in a hopper stolen from an automated agricultural depot. They infer, correctly, that they are being hunted by highly placed authorities and they take appropriate evasive actions, even entering Prime through one of the old subway tunnels from before the nuclear wars. In spite of their caution, they are captured.
Interrogated under drugs, Kana tells his interrogators all what happened on Fronn. Nonetheless, he is convicted of several serious charges and sentenced to life in a labor camp. Later, seizing an opportunity, he escapes, but is soon recaptured. This time, though, he is taken to an underground room on the outskirts of Prime, where he sees Hansu and Matthias waiting for him. The sentencing had been a scam, worked for the benefit of the Galactic Agent who had been present. Now Kana can go to the stars as a free man, to settle on one of the worlds that Terrans have been secretly colonizing for ten generations.
Reviews.
In the 1 August 1955 issue of "Kirkus Reviews" the reviewer wrote:

</doc>
<doc id="6941687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941687" title="Nevada Union">
Nevada Union



</doc>
<doc id="6941696" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941696" title="Tasman Bridge collapse">
Tasman Bridge collapse



</doc>
<doc id="6941699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941699" title="WAJI">
WAJI

WAJI (95.1 FM) is a commercial radio station broadcasting a hot adult contemporary format. Licensed to Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States, the station is owned by Bloomington–based Sarkes Tarzian, Inc.
WAJI broadcasts in HD, with its HD2 channel simulcasting sister station WGBJ. Its HD3 channel used to broadcast a "Top 20" CHR format The HD3 channel has since been turned off.
History.
WAJI was known as WPTH throughout the 1960s and 1970s as a sister station to WPTA television, and in the summer of 1974 branded themselves as "Rock 95", using TM Productions' "Stereo Rock" Top 40 reel to reel automation package. The station went live in 1979, and changed calls in 1981 to WFWQ (95Q), continuing to do battle with 97.3 WMEE for the Top 40 audience in Fort Wayne. The station mellowed to Adult Contemporary, eventually changing to its current WAJI calls and imaging in 1985. "Majic 95" soon once again became one of Fort Wayne's top-rated stations, reaching #1 in the market several times during the late 1980s.
On March 20, 2014, WAJI changed names to "BEST FM 95.1". The station lineup consisted of "The BEST-FM Morning Show" with Sid Kelly, Angie Nash and James Raggi. Mandi Michaels, program director Dan Kennedy and Dave B. Goode (who also served as the station's promotions director).
Angie Nash spent the previous ten years of her career at cross-town WJFX before joining the morning show. Afternoons were handled by Dan Kennedy who also serves as the stations' director of programming. Kennedy was VP/Programming for Grenax Broadcasting in Arizona prior to his arrival in Fort Wayne in 2012. Dave B. Goode hosts weeknights after spending several years at stations such as crosstown WBTU and WNHT. Dave also serves as the station's Promotions Director.
After changing formats, BEST-FM brought in several new staff members. On June 23, 2014, it was announced that James Raggi would join Angie Nash for mornings after spending three years as an intern/producer in Boston on Kiss 108.
In September 2014 Mandi Michaels joined the staff as the new mid-day personality.
On October 24, 2014, Best FM announced the hiring of Sid Kelly. Sid was brought in to be the new host of the morning show, joining Angie and James. Sid Kelly came to WAJI after spending years at WVKS in Toledo.
In July 2015 program director/afternoon personality Dan Kennedy announced he was leaving the station after four years to take a job outside of radio. In September 2015 Captain Chris (Didier) program director of sister station WLDE was named program sirector for WAJI and Operations Manager for the all three Fort Wayne Sarkes Tarzian radio stations.
On September 4, 2015, 95.1 rebranded back to "Majic 95.1". The relaunch followed the departures of morning host Sid Kelly, producer James Raggi, and midday host Mandi Michaels.
On September 8, 2022, WAJI moved its CHR format and "The Twenty FM" branding from its HD2 subchannel to its HD3 subchannel.
Awards and charitable activities.
In 2002, Majic 95.1 began an annual 2-day telethon called the "Majic Riley Radiothon" to raise funds for Riley Hospital for Children in Indianapolis, Indiana. In 2006, this fundraising effort expanded to include local Fort Wayne recording facility Sweetwater Studios. The radio station and recording studio partnered to record live, acoustic music from nationally recognized artists and bands traveling through Fort Wayne. These recordings, along with others, have been used to produce an ongoing series of "Majic Miracle Music" charity CDs. 100% of proceeds from the sale of these CDs benefits Riley Hospital for Children. Artists who recorded at Sweetwater Studios for "Majic Miracle Music" CDs include REO Speedwagon, Ingrid Michaelson, Lenka, Aimee Allen, Jars of Clay, Rick Springfield, Ben Jelen, Josh Kelley, Sara Bareilles, Jon McLaughlin, Gin Blossoms, and Collective Soul.
In 2005, 2006 and again in 2007, WAJI won "Radio and Records" Hot AC station of the year for their community support and programming excellence.
In late 2010, WAJI midday host Barb Richards received the Bob Lind Supporter of the Year national award from the Children's Miracle Network for her active involvement in helping Riley Hospital for Children with the Majic Riley Radiothon, Majic Miracle Music releases, and involvement in other Riley Hospital-related activities.
In 2011, WAJI program director Dan Kennedy received the distinguished Edison 30 Under 30 Award for his programming achievements under the age of 30. He was also awarded the Copper Radio Award for his service to the communities of Arizona while programming a group of stations in that state. In 2015, WAJI program director Dan Kennedy was awarded the Fort Wayne 40 Under 40 award for service and excellence to the community.

</doc>
<doc id="6941703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941703" title="Whsh">
Whsh



</doc>
<doc id="6941705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941705" title="WHSH">
WHSH

WHSH may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941709" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941709" title="Luxaflex">
Luxaflex



</doc>
<doc id="6941711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941711" title="Luxalon">
Luxalon



</doc>
<doc id="6941715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941715" title="Katherine Mary Briggs">
Katherine Mary Briggs



</doc>
<doc id="6941722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941722" title="Michael Price (Simpsons Writer)">
Michael Price (Simpsons Writer)



</doc>
<doc id="6941725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941725" title="Seven Deacons">
Seven Deacons

The Seven, often known as the Seven Deacons, were leaders elected by the early Christian church to minister to the community of believers in Jerusalem, to enable the Apostles to concentrate on 'prayer and the Ministry of the Word' and to address a concern raised by Greek-speaking believers about their widows being overlooked in the daily "diakonia" or ministry.
New Testament.
Their names and an account of their appointment are given in chapter 6 of the Acts of the Apostles (). According to a later tradition they are supposed to have also been among the Seventy Disciples who appear in the Gospel of Luke (). The activities of Stephen and Philip are the only two recorded and their works concern preaching, catechising and baptising. Philip is referred to as "the evangelist" in . 
Although the Seven are not called 'deacons' in the New Testament, their role is described as 'diaconal' (διακονεῖντραπέζαις in Greek), and they are therefore often regarded as the forerunners of the Christian order of deacons.
The Seven Deacons were:
According to the narrative in Acts, they were identified and selected by the community of believers on the basis of their reputation and wisdom, being 'full of the Holy Spirit', and their appointment was confirmed by the Apostles.
Details.
Only Stephen and Philip are discussed in much detail in Acts; tradition provides nothing further about Nicanor or Parmenas. Stephen became the first martyr of the church when he was killed by a mob, and whose death was agreed to by Saul of Tarsus, the future Apostle Paul (Acts 8:1). Philip evangelized in Samaria, where he converted Simon Magus and an Ethiopian eunuch, traditionally beginning the Ethiopian Orthodox Church.
Tradition calls Prochorus the nephew of Stephen and a companion of John the Evangelist, who consecrated him bishop of Nicomedia in Bithynia (modern-day Turkey). He was traditionally ascribed the authorship of the apocryphal Acts of John, and was said to have ended his life as a martyr in Antioch in the 1st century.
According to Caesar Baronius' "Annales Ecclesiastici", now considered historically inaccurate, Nicanor was a Cypriot Jew who returned to his native island and died a martyr in 76. Other accounts say he was martyred in "Berj," an unidentified place possibly confused with Botrys.
Timon was said to have been a Hellenized Jew who became a bishop in Greece or in Bosra, Syria; in the latter account, his preaching brought the ire of the local governor, who martyred him with fire.
After preaching for years in Asia Minor, where Hippolytus of Rome claimed he was bishop of Soli (Pompeiopolis; though he may have been referring to Soli, Cyprus), Parmenas was said to have settled down in Macedonia, where he died at Philippi in 98 during Trajan's persecutions. Alternatively, Orthodox tradition says he died after being afflicted with an illness. 
Nicholas, who came from Antioch, was described in Acts as a convert to Judaism. He was not remembered fondly by some early writers. According to Irenaeus' "Adversus Haereses", the Nicolaitanes, a heretical sect condemned as early as the Book of Revelation, took their name from the deacon. In "Philosophumena", Hippolytus writes he inspired the sect through his indifference to life and the pleasures of the flesh; his followers took this as a licence to give in to lust. The "Catholic Encyclopedia" records a story that after the Apostles reproached Nicholas for mistreating his beautiful wife on account of his jealousy, he left her and consented to anyone else marrying her, saying the flesh should be maltreated. In the "Stromata", Clement of Alexandria says the sect corrupted Nicholas' words, originally designed to check the pleasures of the body, to justify licentiousness. The "Catholic Encyclopedia" notes that the historicity of the story is debatable, though the Nicolaitanes themselves may have considered Nicholas their founder.

</doc>
<doc id="6941734" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941734" title="Manheim Central School District">
Manheim Central School District

The Manheim Central School District is a school district in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. Manheim Central School District consists of the borough of Manheim, Penn Township, and Rapho Township. Located in northwestern Lancaster County, the school district encompasses 78.2 square miles. The school district lies approximately seven miles north of the City of Lancaster, approximately eighty miles west of the City of Philadelphia and twenty-five miles east of the City of Harrisburg. In the district, there are four schools: Manheim Central High School, Manheim Central Middle School, Doe Run Elementary School, and Baron Elementary School.
Athletics.
Manheim Central currently has teams for the following sporting events:
The conference for each of these teams vary.
Football.
In 2003, the Manheim Central Barons Football team won the PIAA AAA State Championship against Pine-Richland. They were undefeated for the entire season. In the following season Manheim Central was state runners-up. In 2009 they went undefeated until the final game, the state championship game, they lost 12-7 to the Selinsgrove Seals. In 2018 the Barons were runners-up after making their way once again to the state final.
Soccer.
The Manheim Central soccer team had a successful 2006 season, with a record of 13-1-1. They won their section (as did the junior varsity team), lost in the semifinal of leagues, won the District III championship (defeating Hershey 2 to 1), and finally lost in the AA state championship game to defending champions South Park, 2 to 0. Their coach, Mr. Matthew Schwartz, was 2006 AA Boys Soccer Coach of the Year for Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="6941748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941748" title="Catherine Briggs">
Catherine Briggs



</doc>
<doc id="6941749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941749" title="Melanocharis arfakiana">
Melanocharis arfakiana



</doc>
<doc id="6941756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941756" title="Vicky Darling">
Vicky Darling

Vicky Elizabeth Darling (born 29 November 1966) is an Australian Labor politician elected to the Queensland Legislative Assembly in September 2006 as the member for Sandgate.
Darling was preselected by the Labor Party in 2006 She replaced controversial Labor MP Gordon Nuttall who was jailed in July 2009 for corruptly receiving secret commissions.
She was appointed as Minister for the Environment, Resource Management and Climate Change on 22 June 2011, after Kate Jones resigned from cabinet to defend her seat of Ashgrove against Liberal National Party (LNP) leader Campbell Newman. Darling lost her seat in the LNP landslide at the 2012 state election.
Her mother, Elaine Darling, the first female member of the Australian House of Representatives from Queensland, was a Labor MP for Lilley from 1980 until 1993. Her grandfather, Jack Melloy, was a Labor Queensland state MP for
Nudgee from 1960 to 1977.
Darling is currently the CEO of Volunteering &amp; Contact ACT.

</doc>
<doc id="6941760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941760" title="30 Days of Night (film)">
30 Days of Night (film)

30 Days of Night is a 2007 American horror film based on the comic book miniseries of the same name. The film was directed by David Slade and stars Josh Hartnett and Melissa George. The story focuses on an Alaskan town beset by vampires as it enters into a 30-day-long polar night.
"30 Days of Night" was originally pitched as a comic, then as a film, but it was rejected. Years later, Steve Niles showed IDW Publishing the idea and it took off. The film was produced on a budget of $30 million and grossed over $75 million at the box office during its six-week run starting on October 19, 2007. Critical reviews were mixed.
Its success resulted in a franchise that followed, including: a prequel miniseries, ' in 2007, a sequel miniseries, ' in 2008, and a straight-to-home video sequel film "" in 2010.
Plot.
The town of Barrow, Alaska (now Utqiaġvik) is preparing for its annual period of the winter with a month-long polar night. As the town gets ready, a stranger arrives from a large ship and sabotages the town's communications and transports. Barrow's sheriff, Eben Oleson, investigates and learns that his estranged wife, Stella, missed the last plane out of town and must stay for 30 days.
That night, a band of vampires, led by Marlow, attacks and slaughters most of the townspeople, including Eben's grandmother Helen, forcing Eben, his wife and brother, and seven other survivors to take shelter in a boarded-up house with a hidden attic. In the police station holding cell, Marlow finds the stranger, who believes the vampires will "turn" him as a reward for his help. However, Marlow snaps his neck. When the vampires torture a survivor named Kirsten as bait, Eben takes the opportunity to save a resident named John, who was hiding underneath a hut, injured from trying to protect his wife Ally; however, Eben is horrified to see he has turned and forced to kill him when John tries to devour him. One of the residents hiding in the attic, Wilson, is forced to chase after his father, Isaac, who has dementia, out into the open, and both are killed.
18 days later, when a blizzard hits, the group uses the whiteout to go to the general store for supplies but gets stranded after the blizzard ends. They head for the station while Eben creates a diversion. He lures the vampires to his grandmother's house and uses one of her ultraviolet lights to severely burn Marlow's lover, Iris, forcing him to mercy-kill her. Eben is aided by Beau, the town snowplow operator, who kills many vampires with his tractor. When he crashes, Beau attempts a suicide bombing to kill the remaining vampires. However, Beau and the vampires survive the explosion, and Marlow crushes his head.
On Day 27, Stella and Eben see the deputy, Billy, signaling them with a flashlight and bring him back to the station after finding out he killed his family to save them from a more painful death. The trio find the others have made for the utilidor, a power and sewage treatment station that still has power, and head over there, but are separated after Stella saves Gail Robbins, a young girl whose family was slaughtered by the vampire Zurial. Eben and Billy make it to the utilidor but are attacked by the vampire Arvin. Billy kills Arvin but gets bitten in the process. Eben is forced to kill him when he starts to turn.
As the month ends, with the sun due to rise, the vampires prepare to burn the fuel line running through the town, which will cause it to explode and destroy evidence of their presence. Realizing Stella and Gail are trapped in the open and that he cannot beat the vampires in his current state, Eben injects himself with Billy's blood. Now a vampire, Eben confronts Marlow and manages to kill the vampire leader after a vicious fight, causing the remaining vampires to flee. With the vampires' attack on Barrow over, Eben, Stella, Jake, Lucy, Denise, and Gail are the only townspeople who survived. Eben and Stella watch the sunrise together, sharing one last kiss. As the sun rises, Eben's body burns to ash in Stella's arms.
Production.
Development.
"30 Days of Night" author Steve Niles conceived of the story in the form of a comic, but after meeting a lack of interest in initial pitches, tried to pitch it as a film. When this did not work out, Niles shelved the idea until he showed it to IDW Publishing. IDW published the comic and Ben Templesmith provided the artwork. When Niles and his agent, Jon Levin, shopped the comic around again as a potential film adaptation, Niles found that the idea "went shockingly well", with Sam Raimi and Senator International picking up the property rights based on the original concept and Templesmith's unique mood and concepts for the vampires.
According to Raimi, the potential project was "unlike the horror films of recent years".
Following the publication of the "30 Days of Night" comic book miniseries in 2002, studios, including DreamWorks, MGM, and Senator International, bid in the $1 million range for rights to a potential vampire film based on the story. Raimi expressed interest in adapting the miniseries and was negotiating a production deal with his producing partner Robert Tapert to establish a label with Senator Entertainment, of which Senator International is the sales division. In July 2002, Senator International acquired the rights for "30 Days of Night" in a seven-figure deal with Raimi and Tapert attached as producers.
By October 2002, Niles was working on adapting "30 Days of Night" for the big screen, keeping the film true to the miniseries, though fleshing out the characters more significantly in the adaptation process. In February 2003, Columbia Pictures partnered with Senator International to work on "30 Days of Night", which was developing under Senator International's newly established production company, Ghost House Pictures. Mike Richardson, the Dark Horse Comics publisher who supported the adaptation project from the beginning, after having turned down an offer to initially publish the project, was attached as executive producer. The following March, Richardson revealed that Steve Niles had turned in the initial draft for the "30 Days of Night" screenplay. In March 2004, however, Columbia Pictures requested that Niles's initial screenplay to be rewritten in preparation for production. Sue Binder, the business manager of Ghost House Pictures, indicated that filming for "30 Days of Night" was still at least a year away, as Ghost House planned to produce three films before the vampire thriller. The following May, Stuart Beattie, one of the writers for "", was rewriting Niles' "30 Days of Night" draft for production. Niles was pleased with Beattie's faithfully rewritten script, which was submitted to the studio in October 2004. Adi Hasak also made uncredited contributions to the script.
In September 2005, director David Slade was announced to have signed on to "30 Days of Night", which would be distributed by Columbia Pictures mainly in North America and Mandate Pictures in international territories. In March 2006, Slade revealed that screenwriter Brian Nelson, who wrote the screenplay for Slade's previous film "Hard Candy", was writing a new draft of the "30 Days of Night" script, replacing Beattie's draft. The director said that filming would begin in summer 2006 in Alaska and New Zealand.
Casting.
In June 2006, Josh Hartnett was announced as having been cast as the husband of the married couple who serves as the town's sheriff team. Some criticized the choice because the main character (Eben Olemaun, with the last name changed to Oleson for the motion picture adaptation) was originally Inuk in the comics. Melissa George joined the "30 Days of Night" cast as a sheriff and wife of Hartnett's character. Danny Huston joined the cast as the leader of the vampires.
Filming.
Filming did not begin immediately, but in a September 2006 interview, executive producer Mike Richardson said that "30 Days of Night" would be shot on 35 mm film, though discussion had occurred to shoot the film on Genesis. In an interview prior to filming, Slade explained that the illustrations by Ben Templesmith would be reflected in production design. Slade also considered Nelson's draft to be the most faithful to the graphic novel. He also stated his intention to make a "scary vampire film", of which he did not think many existed. "The rest of them, they fall into all kinds of traps. We're going to try to do our best... and one of the ways we have to do it is be more naturalistic than the graphic novel, because it's very over-the-top," said Slade. Also, concern was expressed that while the vampires needed to communicate, talking might lessen the effect. To counter this, a fictional vampire language, with click consonants, was constructed with the help of a professor of linguistics and the nearby University of Auckland. Slade explained, "we designed this really simple language that didn't sound like any particular accent that you would be aware of, that was based around really simple actions, eating, hunting, yes, no, really basic, because that's what vampires do."
Post-production.
By February 2007, the production phase was completed, and a rough cut of the film was prepared. In April, composer Brian Reitzell was hired to score the film.
Music.
Brian Reitzell composed the film's score, with Justin Meldal-Johnsen performing. A soundtrack was released by Invada Records, with an artwork by Marc Bessant in summer 2015 on vinyl.
Novelization.
To coincide with the film's release, a novelization by Tim Lebbon was published by Pocket Star on September 25, 2007. It is one of six novels based on the franchise.
Release.
Box office.
"30 Days of Night" was released in 2,855 cinemas in the United States and Canada on October 19, 2007. In its opening weekend, the film grossed $16 million, placing first in the box office. The film grossed $39.7 million in the United States and Canada and $35.7 million overseas for a total of $75.3 million worldwide.
Critical reception.
On the review aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 50% based on 155 reviews, with an average rating of 5.5/10. The site's critics consensus states: "While "30 Days of Night" offers a few thrills, it ultimately succumbs to erratic execution." Metacritic reports a weighted average score of 53 out of 100 based on 29 critics, indicating "mixed or average" reviews.
Roger Ebert gave the film 2.5 stars out of a possible 4. He criticized several plot holes, such as the vampires moving with supernatural speed in some attacks, but ponderous slowness in others, but also singled out Danny Huston for being "quite convincing" as the vampire leader, and summed up the film as "well-made, well-photographed, and plausibly acted, and is better than it needs to be."
Home media.
"30 Days of Night" was released February 26, 2008 on DVD, Blu-ray, and UMD for PlayStation Portable in the United States. The video sold 1,386,716 million copies earning a profit of over $26,524,542 million dollars.
TV series, prequels, and sequel.
A prequel miniseries " was released in 2007.
A sequel miniseries " was released in 2008.
A straight-to-DVD sequel entitled "" was released on October 5, 2010. The script for the sequel was written by Steve Niles and Ben Ketai with Ketai also positioned as director. When filming began on October 20, 2009, Rhys Coiro and Mia Kirshner were named as leads, with Kirshner playing the lead vampire villain Lilith. Other cast named included Harold Perrineau, Kiele Sanchez, Diora Baird, and Monique Ganderton. Three days after filming began, Niles revealed that Kiele Sanchez replaced Melissa George in the role of Stella Oleson. The sequel was produced on a lower budget, but being straight-to-video allowed the writers to more closely follow the comic book.

</doc>
<doc id="6941765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941765" title="WMBI-FM">
WMBI-FM

WMBI-FM (90.1 MHz) is a radio station broadcasting in Chicago, Illinois. WMBI-FM is owned and operated by the Moody Bible Institute and broadcasts from their campus in downtown Chicago, and transmitter facilities are located in Addison.
Programming.
WMBI-FM is the flagship station of Moody Radio. Moody Radio owns and operates 37 stations around the country and the network provides programming to almost 700 affiliates around the country. WMBI-FM's format consists of Christian talk and teaching and Christian music. A local morning show called “Karl and Crew Mornings” with Karl Clauson. In addition to local programming, WMBI-FM carries a variety of talk shows originating at Moody Radio in Chicago including “Equipped with. Chris Brooks”, “Chris Fabry Live!” with Chris Fabry, “MoneyWise Live” with Rob West and “In the Market” with Janet Parshall".
History.
The station began broadcasting July 25, 1960, and originally simulcast the programming of its sister station WMBI AM 1110. The station originally had an ERP of 44,000 watts at a HAAT of 450 feet. The station's ERP was increased to 49,700 watts in 1963, and in 1972 its ERP was increased to 100,000 watts at a HAAT of 441 feet.
Moody Bible Institute also operated an earlier FM station, which began broadcasting experimentally September 5, 1941, and was the country's first non-commercial FM station. The station originally operated at 47.5 MHz, and held the call sign W75C. In 1943, the station's call sign was changed to WDLM, standing for D. L. Moody. By 1948, the station's frequency was changed to 95.5 MHz and its call sign was changed to WMBI-FM. In Summer 1952, the station was granted authority to remain silent, and on December 23, 1952 its license was cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="6941766" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941766" title="Derek O'Brien (drummer)">
Derek O'Brien (drummer)

Derek Shawn O'Brien is an American punk rock drummer and producer. He is currently the drummer for the band Ultra Bomb.
Early life.
O'Brien started playing at Fullerton High School playing with the school Jazz Band, Marching Band and Orchestras and played in cover bands by night with guitarists Stan De Witt and Frank Agnew.
He joined local punk rock band Social Distortion (1981–84). His recordings with the band include the first EP "1945", Single ("Playpen"), BYO Compilation song "(Mass Hysteria)", and first full-length album "Mommy's Little Monster". He featured in the documentary "Another State Of Mind".
Career.
O'Brien was involved in D.I. (which featured many former members of Social Distortion and the Adolescents). He played on their 1983 EP "D.I.", which was later re-released as "Team Goon" on Triple X Records. Derek performed as the drummer for D.I. in the film "Suburbia", and is part of D.I.'s 1983 self-promotional video "Suburbia Sessions".
He also played with Social Distortion from 1981-1983 and played on the LP, 'Mommy's Little Monster' as well as the '1945' single both on the 13th Floor Records label. He also drummed on the song 'Mass Hysteria' which was included on the 1982 compilation, 'Someone's Gonna Get Their Head Kicked In' released on BYO records.
In 1984 O'Brien joined the final incarnation of the Long Beach-based art-rock band Outer Circle. Subsequent to Outer Circle's dissolution, O'Brien and fellow Outer Circle alumni Cole Coonce and Steve "Spit" Spingola formed the Fontanelles with ex-Saccharine Trust bassist Mark Hodson.
Bassist Brent Liles and O'Brien reunited from 1989 until 1992 with Agent Orange Touring North America and recording "Real Live Sound - Agent Orange Live at the Roxy".
In 1992 Brian Grillo (ex-singer of Lockup) enlisted O'Brien to play with Extra Fancy, including guitarist Michael Hately and bassist David Foster. In 1995, Extra Fancy produced "Sinnerman" and an independent EP "No Mercy" which has songs featured in movie soundtracks. Extra Fancy continued until 1997.
1996 - 2015, O'Brien and other founding members Greg Hetson (Bad Religion, Circle Jerks) and Eric Melvin (NOFX) formed Punk Rock Karaoke. Their first show featured Mark and Bob Mothersbaugh (Devo) and others. O'Brien toured and played local shows as their full time drummer until 2015. Many members and "special guests" performed with the group over the years including: Mike Watt (Iggy Pop), Mike Ness, Jonny 2 Bags (Social Distortion), Matt Skiba (Alkaline Trio, Blink 182), Noodles (The Offspring), Randy Bradbury (Pennywise), Fat Mike (NOFX), several Ramones, members of Descendents, and Dave King (Flogging Molly)!
1998, 1999 saw O'Brien working with a female fronted synth rock / pop band called Ripe featuring Pete Thorn on guitar, also on guitar was Andrew Browning (who Derek later played drums for and produced 3 albums for Browning and the Nine Pound Hammers). Another female fronted band during this time was Drag Beat featuring Rick Ballard and PJ Wolfe (founders of Acetate Records).
O'Brien studied at UCLA, earning a degree in Audio Engineering and in 2001 founded D.O'B. Sound Recording Studios in Glendale, California. In 2009 he relocated the studio to Santa Fe Springs, California and now offers recording, mixing, mastering, rehearsals, a course in audio engineering and private drum lessons. O'Brien still performs on short international tours, local gigs, and recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="6941767" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941767" title="Guensey">
Guensey



</doc>
<doc id="6941773" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941773" title="Berrypecker">
Berrypecker

Berrypecker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941777" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941777" title="Ochrotomys nuttalli">
Ochrotomys nuttalli



</doc>
<doc id="6941778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941778" title="1958 papal conclave">
1958 papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6941781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941781" title="Ochrotomys">
Ochrotomys



</doc>
<doc id="6941782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941782" title="Ochrotomyini">
Ochrotomyini



</doc>
<doc id="6941784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941784" title="East Hebei Autonomous Government">
East Hebei Autonomous Government

The East Hebei Autonomous Government (), also known as the East Ji Autonomous Government and the East Hebei Autonomous Anti-Communist Government, was a short-lived late-1930s state in northern China. It has been described by historians as either a Japanese puppet state or a buffer state.
History.
After the creation of Manchukuo and subsequent military action by the Imperial Japanese Army, which brought Northeastern China east of the Great Wall under Japanese control, the Empire of Japan and the Republic of China signed the Tanggu Truce, which established a demilitarised zone south of the Great Wall, extending from Tianjin to Beiping. Under the terms of the truce and the subsequent He-Umezu Agreement of 1935, this demilitarized zone was also purged of the political and military influence of the Kuomintang government of China.
On 15 November 1935, the local Chinese administrator of the 22 counties in Hebei province, Yin Ju-keng, proclaimed the territories under his control to be autonomous. Ten days later, on 25 November, he proclaimed them to be independent of the Republic of China and to have their capital at Tongzhou. The new government immediately signed economic and military treaties with Japan. The Demilitarized Zone Peace Preservation Corps that had been created by the Tanggu Truce was disbanded and reorganized as the East Hebei Army with Japanese military support. The Japanese goal was to establish a buffer zone between Manchukuo and China, but the pro-Japanese collaborationist regime was seen as an affront by the Chinese government and a violation of the Tanggu Truce.
The East Hebei Autonomous government received a response in the form of Gen. Song Zheyuan's Hebei-Chahar Political Government, which was under the Nanjing government, launched on 18 December 1935. Chinese soldiers remained in the area.
In July 1936, a peasant uprising against the East Hebei Autonomous Government broke out in Miyun District. Led by an old Taoist priest, the rebels were organized by the Yellow Sand Society and managed to defeat an East Hebei Army unit that was sent to suppress them. Thereafter, the Imperial Japanese Army mobilized to quell the uprising, defeating the peasant rebels by September. About 300 Yellow Sand insurgents were killed or wounded in the fighting.
The East Hebei government survived the Tongzhou mutiny in late July 1937 before being absorbed into the collaborationist Provisional Government of China in February 1938.

</doc>
<doc id="6941787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941787" title="Nikolai Ovchinnikov">
Nikolai Ovchinnikov

Nikolai Vasilyevich Ovchinnikov (; 14 October 1918 – February 2004) was a Russian painter and professor. An ethnic Chuvash, he was the People's Artist of Russia and Chuvashia and Member of the National Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Chuvash Republic.
Biography.
He was born in the village of Mizhuli in Mariinsko-Posadsky District of the Chuvash Republic in 1918.
Studied in Alatyr Art School (1937).
During 1939–1945, Ovchinnikov fought in the Soviet-Finnish War on the Karelian Isthmus and World War II.
Since 1944, a member of the USSR Union of Artists.
In 1951 he graduated from the Ilya Repin Institute of Arts, Sculpture and Architecture of the USSR Academy of Arts in Leningrad (now St. Petersburg (workshop of Professor R.R. Frenz). A Candidate degree in Art Studies in 1954.
Since 1960, he was an associate professor of the Chair of Arts at the Fine and Graphic Arts Department of the Chuvash State Teacher's Institute named after I.Ya. Yakovlev.
Secretary of the Board of the RSFSR Union of Artists (1961–1983).
Chairman of the Board of the Union of Artists of the Chuvash ASSR (1963–1989).
People's Artist of the Chuvash ASSR (1968).
Professor of Fine Arts Chair (1973).
Full member of the National Academy of Sciences and Arts of the Chuvash Republic (1995).
RSFSR People's Artist (1984).
Exhibitions.
He participated in regional, Ull-Union, All-Russian exhibitions and in exhibitions abroad.
Personal exhibitions in the US, Japan, France, UK, and Germany.
Gallery.
Paintings by Nikolai Ovchinnikov are in 34 museums in Russia and abroad, and in private collections.

</doc>
<doc id="6941788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941788" title="1958 Papal conclave">
1958 Papal conclave



</doc>
<doc id="6941791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941791" title="Astroturf Lobbying">
Astroturf Lobbying



</doc>
<doc id="6941792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941792" title="Pacific coast railroad">
Pacific coast railroad



</doc>
<doc id="6941795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941795" title="Top Withens">
Top Withens

Top Withens (or Top Withins) is a ruined farmhouse near Haworth, West Yorkshire, England, notable for its association with "Wuthering Heights". It occupies a remote and exposed position on Haworth Moor, above sea level. The name comes from a dialect word meaning "willows".
A plaque affixed to a wall reads:
The popular misconception that Earnshaw's house was styled on Top Withens may have arisen from a series of letters between publisher George Smith and Charlotte Brontë's friend Ellen Nussey, as he sought a list of places that had inspired the novels.
The ruin is east of Withins Height below Delf Hill. It lies on two long-distance paths, the Brontë Way and the Pennine Way. It is a popular walking destination from nearby Haworth and Stanbury. Such is the attraction to Japanese literary tourists that some footpath signs in the area include Japanese text.
Thunderstorm.
On 18 May 1893, Top Withens was struck by lightning during a thunderstorm. Holes were made in the wall, the roof was partially torn off, flags were cracked, and around 30 windows were almost completely removed. A portion of slate was thrown far from the house by the wind, and in the kitchen the blade of a knife had been fused by the heat. A bowl of dough prepared by the farmer's wife, Mrs. Sunderland, was smashed to pieces, and her dog and cat fled the building in fear. This was reported by the "Todmorden &amp; District News" the following week.

</doc>
<doc id="6941797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941797" title="Longbill">
Longbill

Longbill may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6941799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941799" title="AC\DC Lane, Melbourne">
AC\DC Lane, Melbourne



</doc>
<doc id="6941803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941803" title="Khosro Roozbeh">
Khosro Roozbeh

Khosro Roozbeh () (24 August 1915 – 11 May 1958) was an Iranian military officer, mathematician, writer on political and cultural affairs and the chief of military branch of the Communist Tudeh Party of Iran and has been called "probably the most controversial as well as the best-known martyr of the communist movement in Iran". 
Roozbeh was the author of a number of pamphlets on chess, artillery warfare, and together with co-author Ardeshir Ovanessian, the country's first political lexicon, "Vocabulary of Political and Social Terms".
Overview.
Roozbeh, the son of an army officer, was born in Malāyer, and grew up in Hamadan and Kermanshah, Iran. He entered the army and excelled at the military academy, won a teaching post at the Officers' College, impressing both students and his superior.
Involved in left-wing groups, he was arrested after a mutiny in Khurasan and put on trial in 1946. There he declared himself a "full-fledged revolutionary" who did not belong to the "merely ... reformist" Tudeh party. He was convicted of spreading sedition, cashiered from the army and sentenced to 15 years hard labor. He escaped four years later and set up the Military Organization of the Tudeh party (made up of members of the Iranian military). By 1954 the organization had over 500 members.
According to the British Embassy in Iran, Roozbeh was a 
Red Pimpernel, who in a series of disguises walked into and out of innumerable baited police traps with the swashbuckling courage that made him a figure of legendary proportions, both to the Party, the security authorities, and the general public."
In his political beliefs Roozbeh opposed liberalism and deemed some of the Tudeh leaders "mere reformers," "bourgeois liberals," and "parliamentary lobbyists." In his memoirs, Ovanessian praises Roozbeh as a sincere but impatient radical in need of a firm hand Writing in another book, Ervand Abrahamian describes him as being "contemptuous" of the Tudeh party "for being too `moderate`," and resigning from it at the time of the trial and "not rejoined until the early 1950s."
During this hiatus from the party he carried out five assassinations according to his confessions. Four of the victims were party members suspected of selling information to the police after the 1953 coup, one of these being Hesham Lankrani, a member of a prominent clerical family from Azerbaijan. The fifth killing was of Mohammad Massoud, a maverick newspaper editor and opponent of the regime. Roozbeh thought that "the assassination of such a popular anticourt journalist ... would polarize Iran and thus radicalize the Tudeh," and emphasized that he carried out the Massoud assassination without the party's knowledge. In the words of Ervand Abrahamian, "Roozbeh was a radical in the tradition of Bakhunin — not of Marx and Engels." 
Roozbeh was wounded and captured after a shootout in July 1957. He was interrogated, tried in camera, and executed secretly in Qezel Qal'eh prison in May 1958. Before the execution his legs were broken up. One of Roozbeh more controversial activities was confessed to interrogators before he died.
Legacy.
The night before his execution, Roozbeh composed a seventy-page testament to condemn capitalism to praise socialism, and to explain why he was willing to die for the "great revolutionary cause" of the Tudeh party. The party posthumously elevated him to the central committee and made him into an icon equal to Taqi Arani. It published laudatory articles every year commemorating his martyrdom. It erected a statue in his honor in Italy. The Persian poet Ahmad Shamlou composed a couplet in praise of him. And "many leftists — including non-Tudeh members — named their newborn sons after him. In brief, he became the symbol of uncompromising opposition, heroic resistance, and ultimate self-sacrifice."

</doc>
<doc id="6941810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941810" title="Sigma Pi Phi">
Sigma Pi Phi

Sigma Pi Phi (), also known as The Boulé, is an African American professional fraternity. Founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1904, it is the oldest Greek lettered fraternity for African Americans. The fraternity does not have collegiate chapters and is designed for professionals in mid-career or older. Sigma Pi Phi has over 5,000 members and 139 chapters throughout the United States, the United Kingdom, and The Bahamas.
History.
Sigma Pi Phi was founded in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1904 as a professional fraternity for African American men. When Sigma Pi Phi was founded, black professionals were not offered participation in the professional and cultural associations organized by the white community. Its founders were:.
The fraternity does not have collegiate chapters and is designed to be a professional fraternity for African American men at mid-career or older. Sigma Pi Phi quickly established chapters (referred to as "member boulés") in Chicago, Illinois and then Baltimore, Maryland.
Founded as an organization for professionals, Sigma Pi Phi never established collegiate chapters and eliminated undergraduate membership during its infant stages. However, Sigma Pi Phi has historically had a congenial relationship with intercollegiate Black Greek-letter organizations, as many members of Sigma Pi Phi are members of both.
Lawrence Otis Graham reported on the organization and his membership in it in the 1999 book "Our Kind of People: Inside America's Black Upper Class".
Sigma Pi Phi has over 5,000 members and 139 chapters throughout the United States, the United Kingdom, and The Bahamas. Its national headquarters is in Atlanta, Georgia.
The fraternity is known as "the Boulé," which means, in ancient Greek "the Council".
The fraternity's badge depicts a Sphinx, symbolizing wisdom and inner spirit, sitting above the Greek letters . Its color is blue. Its publication is "The Boulé Journal".
Membership.
Membership in Sigma Pi Phi is highly exclusive. Sigma Pi Phi is open to members of all races.
Chapters.
Sigma Pi Phi has 139 chapters throughout the United States, the United Kingdom, and The Bahamas.
Notable members.
Sigma Pi Phi has around 5,000 members.

</doc>
<doc id="6941812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941812" title="Abejar">
Abejar

Abejar is a town and municipality in the Spanish province of Soria, in the autonomous community of Castilla y León. As of 2018, the municipality had a population of 302 people.
History and customs.
During the period of the Visigoths, a battle took place in the area in 570 AD, and Abejar was along a Muslim route to the Duero. The ruins of a Moorish tower still remain, attesting to this. The modern settlement was established around the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries when an episcopal manor was established.
As part of the El Martes de Carnaval, Abejar celebrates with the La Barrosa fiesta, an old custom where two young boys dress up. It also hosts a Truffle fair and food show.
Notable landmarks.
The Parish Church of San Juan Bautista is a notable example of Sorian gothic architecture. The tower was built in 1627, replacing an earlier one from the 16th century, though the apse and façade are preserved.
Nuestra Señora del Camino was built in the 18th century, replacing an earlier church dated to the 15th or 16th century. Saint Teresa of Jesus stayed at the chapel during her passage to Soria in 1581.
There are the ruins of a Moorish tower or watchtower, retaining about 3 meters of its original height. The wall is 1 meter thick, and its interior has a diameter of 3.5 meters.
A branch of the important 18th century cattle route Cañada Real Soriana Occidental crosses the municipality from North to South.

</doc>
<doc id="6941817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941817" title="Synod of Braga">
Synod of Braga



</doc>
<doc id="6941823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941823" title="Maruhon Industry Co., Ltd.">
Maruhon Industry Co., Ltd.



</doc>
<doc id="6941828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941828" title="Cliff Hanley, novelist">
Cliff Hanley, novelist



</doc>
<doc id="6941841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941841" title="Neuroglobin">
Neuroglobin

Neuroglobin is a member of the vertebrate globin family involved in cellular oxygen homeostasis and reactive oxygen/nitrogen scavenging. It is an intracellular hemoprotein expressed in the central and peripheral nervous system, cerebrospinal fluid, retina and endocrine tissues. Neuroglobin is a monomer that reversibly binds oxygen with an affinity higher than that of hemoglobin. It also increases oxygen availability to brain tissue and provides protection under hypoxic or ischemic conditions, potentially limiting brain damage. Neuroglobin were in the past found only in vertebrate neurons, but recently in 2013, were found in the neurons of unrelated protostomes, like photosynthetic acoel as well as radiata such as jellyfish. In addition to neurons, neuroglobin is present in astrocytes in certain pathologies of the rodent brain and in the physiological seal brain. This is thought to be due to convergent evolution. It is of ancient evolutionary origin, and is homologous to nerve globins of invertebrates. Recent research confirmed the presence of human neuroglobin protein in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
Neuroglobin was first identified by Thorsten Burmester "et al." in 2000.
The 3D structure of human neuroglobin was determined in 2003. The next year, murine neuroglobin was determined at a higher resolution.
A practical treatment for carbon monoxide poisoning based on binding of CO by neuroglobin (Ngb) with a mutated distal histidine (H64Q) appears to be possible.

</doc>
<doc id="6941844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941844" title="The Hellenic Terror">
The Hellenic Terror

The Hellenic Terror is the third album from French death metal band Kronos. It was released in 2007, through Xtreem Music.
Track listing.
All songs written by Kronos

</doc>
<doc id="6941845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941845" title="Johnny Lodden">
Johnny Lodden

Johnny Lodden (born 1 June 1985 in Jørpeland, Norway) is a Norwegian professional poker player prominently known for his online success. He frequently played under the alias "bad_ip" on Prima network online high-stakes games (up to $40,000 buy-in NLHE), and for a brief time he was considered the biggest winner in the largest online cash games in the world (before Full Tilt Poker expanded to include larger games). Lodden has also been known to occasionally play on PokerStars under the alias "Lars-Magne".
In August 2007 Lodden gave a brief interview with the Danish poker journal Acemag, where he admitted to having lost his whole bankroll and had to retire his old bad_ip account and start from scratch with a stake from a friend.
As of 2021, his total live tournament winnings exceed $2,800,000.
He used to be a member of both Team Pro PokerStars and Team PartyPoker.
European Poker Tour.
Lodden has cashed 22 times at the European Poker Tour, making the final table at the 2008 event in Budapest and the 2013 and 2015 event in Monte Carlo. In the 2008 PokerStars.com EPT Grand Final in Monte Carlo, Lodden was chip leader much of the tournament but ended up in 17th place earning €46,300 ($73,797). In 2013, he placed 3rd in Monte Carlo, earning €467,000. In 2015 he finished 4th after busting right after a massive bluff by Adrian Mateos.
World Series of Poker.
Lodden came in 11th place at the 2008 World Series of Poker Europe Main Event, earning £54,300 ($86,880). He cashed in one event at the 2009 World Series of Poker before making a deep run in the 2010 World Series of Poker Main Event, finishing 27th.
Lodden Thinks.
Lodden's name is associated with the game "Lodden Thinks" in which two bettors place bets on what a third party thinks is the answer to a given question. For example, the third party will be asked how old he thinks a particular person is or how much a particular item costs, and before revealing his answer the two players will place a bet on what they think the third party's answer will be. The actual answer to the question is irrelevant. This game was invented during the World Series of Poker Europe when Phil Laak and Antonio Esfandiari played the game, with Johnny Lodden as the third party.

</doc>
<doc id="6941848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941848" title="Talyllyn Railway Preservation Society">
Talyllyn Railway Preservation Society



</doc>
<doc id="6941851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941851" title="Ah! The Advent of the Great Demon Leader!">
Ah! The Advent of the Great Demon Leader!



</doc>
<doc id="6941852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941852" title="Cristina Padolina">
Cristina Padolina

Maria Cristina Damasco-Padolina (born 1946) is the current and seventh president and chief academic officer of Centro Escolar University in Manila, Philippines.
Career.
In 1999, Padolina received the Most Distinguished Alumna Award given by the UP Alumni Engineers. Padolina is a member of the Advisory Group of the National Health Promotion Committee, and was on the executive board of the Asian Association of Open Universities from 1998 to 2001. She was appointed as the university's president and chief academic officer in September 2006. She led the university's centennial in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="6941854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941854" title="Ah! Do Demons Have Dignity?">
Ah! Do Demons Have Dignity?



</doc>
<doc id="6941868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941868" title="Bridgeview illinois">
Bridgeview illinois



</doc>
<doc id="6941870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941870" title="Callum Innes">
Callum Innes

Callum Innes (born 1962) is a Scottish abstract painter, a former Turner Prize nominee and winner of the Jerwood Painting Prize. He lives and works in Edinburgh, Scotland.
Early life and education.
Callum Innes was born in Edinburgh. He studied at Gray's School of Art (1980–84) and graduated from Edinburgh College of Art in 1985.
Career.
Innes began exhibiting in the mid-to-late 1980s and in 1992 had two major exhibitions in public galleries, at the ICA, London, and the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, Edinburgh. Since then he has had numerous solo exhibitions throughout Britain, Europe, North America, New Zealand and Asia.
Solo exhibitions.
Innes' first major London exhibition was hosted in 1990 at Frith Street Gallery, London who continue to represent him. A substantial selection of his best-known series, the "Exposed" paintings, was exhibited in 1998 at the Ikon Gallery, Birmingham, England, and at the Kunsthalle Bern the following year. "From Memory", a major exhibition of Callum Innes' work over the past 15 years, was shown at The Fruitmarket Gallery, Edinburgh in 2006, and toured to Modern Art Oxford, and the Museum of Contemporary Art, Sydney.Innes had a substantial solo exhibition of new work at Ingleby Gallery for the Edinburgh Art Festival (2009). "At One Remove", featured at Sean Kelly Gallery New York (2010), as did an exhibition entitled "water|colour", featuring 101 of the artist's watercolours paired with text by Irish writer Colm Tóibín. Callum Innes held his first major solo exhibition in Asia at Edouard Malingue Gallery in Hong Kong in 2012.
His most recent solo exhibitions include "Callum Innes: Keeping Time", Frith Street Gallery, London (2019), "In Position," Château La Coste, Le Puy-Sainte-Réparade, France (2018), "Watercolours", Galerie Tschudi (2013–14), "Liminal", Sean Kelly Gallery, New York (2013), Whitworth Gallery, Manchester (2013) and i8 Gallery, Reykjavik, Iceland (2013). "I'll Close my Eyes""," a major retrospective of Innes' work, was shown at De Pont Museum of Contemporary Art, Tilburg, Netherlands in 2016.
Group exhibitions.
Callum Innes has participated in many group shows, including "The British Art Show 3" (1990), "Wonderful Life", Lisson Gallery, London (1993), "From Here", Karsten Schubert Gallery and Waddington Galleries (1994), "Abstractions Provisoires", Musee d'Art Moderne de St Etienne (1997), the touring exhibition "About Vision – New British Paintings in the 1990s" (1996-7) and "Abstract Painting Once Removed" at the Contemporary Arts Museum Houston. The last decade has seen Innes continue to participate in international group exhibitions including "Six Degrees of Separation" Jensen Gallery, Auckland, New Zealand (2001), "Singular Forms (Sometimes Repeated): Art from 1951 to the Present", Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, New York (2004), "Three: 3 Artists in solo displays", Irish Museum of Modern Art, Dublin, Ireland (2007), "Sometimes Making Something Leads to Nothing", Ingleby Gallery, Edinburgh (2009), "What you see is where you're at", Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, Edinburgh (2010), "Heaviness and Grace", Villa Medici, Rome, Italy (2010). Recent group exhibitions include, "Actions. The image of the world can be different", Kettle’s Yard, Cambridge (2018). "Abstract Painting Now!," Kunsthalle Krems, Krems, Austria (2017),"Silver," Frith Street Gallery, London (2014), "GENERATION: 25 Years of Contemporary Art in Scotland", Scottish National Gallery, Edinburgh (2014) and "Watercolour", Tate Britain (2011), among others.
Collections.
Innes' work is represented in numerous collections, both private and public including the Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, The Fort Worth Museum of Modern Art, The Irish Museum of Modern Art, The Tate London, The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, The National Gallery of Australia, Canberra, Guggenheim Museum, Deutsche Bank, De Pont Museum of Contemporary Art, Centre Pompidou, Museu d’Art Contemporani de Barcelona and Arts Council Collection, UK, British Museum, London, IMMA, Dublin, Whitworth Art Gallery, Manchester and Philadelphia Museum of Art, among others.
Recognition.
In 1995 he was shortlisted for the Turner Prize which was won by Damien Hirst. In 1998 Innes won the NatWest Art Prize and in 2002 he won the Jerwood Painting Prize and the Artisti Invitati Al Premio Internazionale.

</doc>
<doc id="6941877" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941877" title="Annastacia Palaszczuk">
Annastacia Palaszczuk

Annastacia Palaszczuk ( , born 25 July 1969) is an Australian politician who served as the 39th premier of Queensland from 2015 to 2023. She held office as the leader of the Queensland branch of the Australian Labor Party (ALP) from 2012 until her resignation, and was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland (MLA) for the division of Inala from 2006 to 2023. Palaszczuk is the fifth-most-tenured premier in Queensland state history and the first woman to win the premiership from opposition, she also presided over the first majority female cabinet in Australian state and federal history.
Palaszczuk was a political adviser before her election to the Legislative Assembly, succeeding her father Henry Palaszczuk in the seat of Inala. She held several roles in the Bligh Government from 2009 to 2012, when Queensland Labor suffered a historic defeat. One of only seven remaining Labor Assembly Members, Palaszczuk was elected unopposed as the Leader of Queensland Labor, becoming Leader of the Opposition.
Despite Labor's heavy loss in 2012, Palaszczuk led Labor to victory at the 2015 election, becoming the first woman in Australian history to become a state premier from opposition. Her first ministry was majority female, also a first in Australia. She went on to lead Labor to increased majorities at the 2017 and 2020 elections, making her the first Australian female premier to win three terms.
On 10 December 2023, Palaszczuk announced her resignation as Premier. She resigned as Premier on 15 December, with then-Deputy Premier Steven Miles sworn in to succeed her on the same day. She left parliament at the end of the month.
Early life and education.
Palaszczuk was raised in the Brisbane suburb of Durack. Her father, veteran state Labor MP Henry Pałaszczuk, was born in Germany to Polish parents. Her Australian mother, Lorelle, is descended from German settlers. She attended St Mary's College, Ipswich from 1982 to 1986. She has degrees in Arts and Laws from the University of Queensland, a Masters of Arts from the London School of Economics (where she was a Chevening Scholar), and a Graduate Diploma of Legal Practice from Australian National University. She grew up around other sisters, by the name of Julia. 
Early political career.
Palaszczuk worked as a policy adviser to a number of Labor ministers, including Minister for Communities, Disabilities and Seniors, Warren Pitt and former Minister for the Environment, Dean Wells. She later decided to have a career in the legal profession and was studying for admission as a solicitor when her father announced his intention to retire at the 2006 election.
In the wake of her father's retirement, Palaszczuk contested and won Labor preselection for his seat of Inala in south-west Brisbane, the safest Labor seat in Queensland, and was elected with a margin of more than 30 points.
On 9 October 2008, Palaszczuk was appointed Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Main Roads and Local Government in the wake of Ronan Lee's defection to the Greens. Just over five months later, she was appointed Minister for Disability Services and Multicultural Affairs in the Bligh ministry following the 2009 election. In February 2011, she was promoted to Minister for Transport and Multicultural Affairs.
Palaszczuk is a member of Labor Right faction.
Leader of the Opposition.
At the 2012 election, the Bligh government was overwhelmingly defeated by the Liberal National Party led by Campbell Newman, losing 44 seats. Palaszczuk lost over 17 per cent of her primary vote from 2009, but retained her seat with a 46.2 per cent primary vote and a 56.9 per cent two-party vote, representing a 14 per cent swing from 2009.
The day after the election, Bligh resigned as premier and party leader and retired from politics. Palaszczuk, as one of only three surviving members of Bligh's cabinet, announced that she would be a candidate to succeed Bligh. Curtis Pitt initially said he would stand, but withdrew. This left Palaszczuk to take the leadership unopposed at a meeting of the Labor Caucus on 28 March in Ipswich. Bligh did not attend the meeting. Tim Mulherin was elected Deputy Leader, also unopposed.
Palaszczuk faced the task of rebuilding a party which had just suffered the worst defeat of a sitting government in Queensland history, and amongst the worst that a governing party has ever suffered at the state level in Australia. She also faced the difficulty of leading an opposition caucus of only seven members, two short of official status (though Newman subsequently promised that Labor would have the full rights and resources entitled to the official opposition). After taking the leadership, Palaszczuk said, 'We need to make ourselves relevant to voters. We need to get back to our basics. Workers' rights, protecting the environment, investment in education—these are core Labor principles and somewhere along the way we simply lost our way'. She also said, 'I'm under no illusion of the task ahead, of the rebuild that we need to do and the fact that we need to restore people's faith in the Queensland Labor Party'.
Following her election, Palaszczuk apologised for 'breaching the trust of Queenslanders', a reference to the Bligh government's decision to sell off state assets after promising not to do so at the 2009 election. This decision had been 'poorly communicated to the community', she said, 'There were other issues, but that is the single point where we lost faith with the community. For that I apologise'. Palaszczuk defended the decision itself, saying it was made to save jobs across the state, but conceded that the Government should have been more open more quickly regarding the policy.
On 29 March 2012, Palaszczuk announced that she would support the state parliamentary term being extended to four years, as is the case in the other Australian states. Newman indicated he supported the move as well.
Premier of Queensland.
Palaszczuk is the first Premier of Queensland to have Polish heritage.
First term: 2015–2017.
2015 election.
During her time as opposition leader, Palaszczuk closed the two-party gap between Labor and the LNP, and on several occasions outpolled Newman as preferred premier. Despite this, most commentators gave Labor little chance of winning the 2015 state election. Labor needed a 36-seat swing to make Palaszczuk Queensland's second female premier and Australia's first female premier elected from opposition, a task thought nearly impossible given that the party only went into the election with nine seats (having won two seats from the LNP in by-elections).
However, in a result that surprised even the most optimistic Labor observers, Labor won a 12-point swing, and projections on election night saw the party very close to winning a majority government. Depending on the source, Labor was either two or three seats short of outright victory. Labor also ousted Newman in his own seat, something that had only happened to a sitting Premier once before in Queensland's history. The final result saw 44 Labor seats and 42 LNP seats. The balance of power rested with the lone independent in the chamber, Peter Wellington, and the two MPs from Katter's Australian Party. On 5 February, Wellington announced his support for a Labor government under Palaszczuk, giving Labor 45 of 89 seats, a parliamentary majority of one. Palaszczuk herself reverted Inala to its previous status as a comfortably safe Labor seat, scoring an 18-point swing to increase her majority to 25 per cent, the second safest in the state.
On 9 February 2015, with projections showing Labor assured of at least a minority government, Palaszczuk said she intended to meet with Governor Paul de Jersey on 11 February and advise him that she could form a government. Hours after the results were declared, de Jersey formally invited Palaszczuk to form a government. She was sworn in on 14 February 2015. It was only the seventh change of government in Queensland since 1915.
Public service.
During Palaszczuk's 2015 election campaign, she made public servants and stopping cuts to public service a key priority.
Budgets released by the Labor government has generally increased funding and have been well received in terms of health and education; however, budget focus on public servants and unemployment have received mixed reviews.
The Palaszczuk government prioritised public-servant job creation during her first term of government. Over her two completed terms of government, the public service gained 30,000 workers, a larger growth rate than the population.
Electoral reforms.
Successful amendments to the electoral act through legislation and referendums in early 2016 included: adding an additional four parliamentary seats from 89 to 93, changing from optional preferential voting to full-preferential voting, and moving from unfixed three-year terms to fixed four-year terms.
Second term: 2017–2020.
2017 election.
Palaszczuk led Labor into the 2017 Queensland state election in hopes of winning a second term. Polls suggested the race would be close.
The result was not known for almost two weeks. Eleven days after the election, ABC election analyst Antony Green's election computer indicated that the incumbent Labor minority government had won at least 47 of the 93 seats in the expanded Legislative Assembly, enough to form a majority government. Labor ultimately won 48 seats, a net four-seat swing in its favour, allowing it to form government in its own right by two seats.
Climate change and environment.
Palaszczuk's environmental policies included the introduction a ban on single-use plastic bags and the implementation of a container refunding recycling scheme, with support from the LNP opposition.
In May 2018, after achieving a parliamentary majority, Palaszczuk passed legislation for a suite of new laws on land clearing restriction, with its deforestation rate being the worst in the country. The debate was supposedly so heated that debate was extended to 10:30 p.m. in order for extra time to debate the legislation. Local environmental groups praised the legislation, whilst agriculture businesses protested outside the Queensland Parliament opposing the land-clearing laws.
Palaszczuk launched Labor's climate change plan to achieve 50% renewables by 2030, and carbon neutrality by 2050.
LGBT rights.
On 11 May 2017, the Queensland Parliament made an official apology to the people who were convicted of homosexual offences during its period of criminalisation. She supports same-sex marriage and campaigned for the 'yes' vote during the national plebiscite. Palaszczuk supported and helped pass legislation on 13 August 2020 that would ban gay conversion therapy, which would see health practitioners who attempt the practice jailed up to 18 months.
Abortion.
On 17 October 2018, the Parliament passed the "Termination of Pregnancy Act," which would legalise abortions up to 22 weeks of gestation and establish 150-metre safe zones around abortion clinics.
Carmichael coal mine.
Palaszczuk has been the subject of controversy from local environmental groups for supporting the Carmichael coal mine.
The mine has come to significant controversy due to its potential environmental damage and its impact on climate change. Opposition to the mine led to the creation and growth of the Stop Adani campaign, which is a movement of thousands of individuals and community groups across Australia.
Before the 2019 federal election, Palaszczuk was accused by both environmentalists and the coal mining industry of stalling the process of approval. Ultimately, the federal election saw a large swing away from Labor in Queensland, which sparked speculation that Palaszczuk could lose government in the next election. However, Palaszczuk's government won another term in 2020, winning additional seats.
Palaszczuk signed off on a deal for Adani to defer royalty payments for an unspecified amount of time in October 2020, sparking criticism from the Greens. The deal delays some payments but all royalty taxes must be paid. Treasurer Cameron Dick said: 'I can assure you that Adani will pay every dollar in royalties that they have to pay to the people of Queensland—with interest'.
COVID-19 pandemic.
Queensland detected its first positive case of COVID-19 on 28 January 2020. A day later, Palaszczuk declared a public health emergency. The state recorded its first death from the virus on 13 March.
Palaszczuk announced lockdown measures and state border closures from 23 March, as confirmed cases follow the worldwide trend of skyrocketing. Non-essential services were banned from operating, and schools and universities shut down. As 'the curve' began to flatten, Palaszczuk proceeded to gradually ease restrictions from late April, with Queensland easing most coronavirus restrictions by July.
The most controversial part of the pandemic restrictions were state border closures. After being lifted to all bar Victoria in July, the border was shut to NSW and ACT again in early August after a small spike in cases in these areas. The state border closures met prominent criticism from NSW Premier Gladys Berejiklian, ACT Chief Minister Andrew Barr and Prime Minister Scott Morrison, particularly after a Canberra woman was denied entry into Queensland to attend her father's funeral. Borders were gradually lifted as cases began to ease in NSW and Victoria, until full border openings to the states on 1 December.
Despite criticism of the state border closures from outside sources, Palaszczuk recorded high approval ratings amongst Queensland voters, recording 65% satisfaction on one Newspoll. 
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Palaszczuk announced and passed legislation for a public servant wage freeze to start from the beginning of the financial year, with Palaszczuk claiming it was necessary for future job security and creation. The Greens and LNP opposed the freeze, with Shadow Treasurer Tim Mander declaring the situation a 'debacle'.
Third term: 2020–2023.
2020 election.
Palaszczuk led Queensland Labor to the 2020 election and was challenged by the LNP opposition led by Deb Frecklington.
Palaszczuk entered the 2020 election in a strong position, and was immensely popular amongst Queenslanders and voters, with her approval rating often soaring above 60%. In contrast, the LNP leader Deb Frecklington became increasingly unpopular amongst voters, trailing Palaszczuk as preferred premier by around 20 points and suffering negative net approval ratings.
In order to divert voters from Frecklington's unpopularity, LNP aired many negative ads including unpopular former Deputy Premier Jackie Trad, labelling her as 'Dodgy Jackie' and claiming she would become premier in a leadership spill if Labor were to win the election. Labor's campaign exploited Frecklington's unpopularity and claimed her government would echo the fairly unpopular Newman government.
Although Deputy Premier Jackie Trad was defeated in her seat of South Brisbane, it was the only seat the government lost in the election. Labor picked up four seats; winning 52, the LNP opposition winning just 34, a net loss of five. Along the way, Labor won all but five of Brisbane's 40 seats, their best showing in the capital since 2009. Palaszczuk declared victory on the night of the election, with Frecklington conceding and resigning from leadership the next day.
Euthanasia.
During the 2020 election campaign, Palaszczuk announced her government would legalise euthanasia by February 2021, in spite of opposition from the Liberal National Party of Queensland. Many claimed that Palaszczuk's approach to the issue was simply to gain votes from marginal seats, which Palaszczuk denied.
Youth justice laws.
In 2021, Palaszczuk announced a range of 'tough' new measures aimed at youth offenders. This included enhanced police powers, stricter anti-hooning laws, reversing the presumption of bail for certain offences and GPS ankle monitors.
In 2021, the Palaszczuk government passed legislation giving police the power to stop and search persons without reasonable suspicion with the intention of reducing knife carrying primarily by young people. 
In 2022, Palaszczuk announced another range of measures including the construction of two new youth detention centres, a fast-track sentencing program, a range of increased penalties and high-visibility police patrols.
Renewable energy.
In 2022, Palaszczuk put forward a $62 billion, ten-year clean energy plan. The plan would use solar and wind power as well as hydro storage technology to provide eight times more renewable energy than is currently available. Under the plan, 80 per cent of Queensland's power would come from renewable sources by 2035 and the largest hydro storage facility in the world would be built west of Mackay.
Retirement.
On 10 December 2023, Palaszczuk announced she would retire from politics. She endorsed her Deputy, Steven Miles, who succeeded her as leader of the Labor Party and Premier on 15 December.
Personal life.
Palaszczuk was married to journalist George Megalogenis from 1996 to 1998, and to Simon Every, who was then Senator Joe Ludwig's chief of staff, from 2004 to 2009. From 2015 to 2018, her partner was Shaun Drabsch, an infrastructure adviser. During the 2017 Queensland election, Drabsch was alleged to have a conflict of interest over Adani Group's Carmichael coal mine. Palaszczuk and Drabsch amicably split in February 2018.
Since September 2021, Palaszczuk has been in a relationship with Dr Reza Adib, a weight-loss surgeon based in Brisbane.
In August 2024 Palaszczuk was appointed to the board of Australia Post, which was welcomed by government ministers, including Minister for Finance Katy Gallagher and Minister for Communications Michelle Rowland.

</doc>
<doc id="6941892" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941892" title="Penn Manor School District">
Penn Manor School District

The Penn Manor School District is a large, rural/suburban, public school district located in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. The Penn Manor School District encompasses approximately 110 square miles. Penn Manor School District serves residents of: Manor Township, Conestoga Township, Millersville Borough, Martic Township and Pequea Township. According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 37,942. By 2010, the district's population was 41,376 people. In 2009, Penn Manor Sas $20,529 and the median family income was $55,708. The educational attainment levels for the Penn Manor School District population (25 years old and over) were 88.7% high school graduates and 25% college graduates.
Penn Manor School District operates one high school, two middle schools and seven elementary schools. Additionally the district offers a virtual school and an alternative school for grades 7th-12th. Penn Manor School District is a member of Lancaster-Lebanon Intermediate Unit (IU) 13, receiving a wide variety of services like specialized education for disabled students and hearing, speech and visual disability services and professional development for staff and faculty. High school students may choose to attend Lancaster County Career and Technology Center for training: in construction and mechanical trades, in allied health services; and in public safety careers among others.
Extracurriculars.
Penn Manor School District offers a wide variety of clubs, activities and an extensive sports program. 
The district funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2013

</doc>
<doc id="6941899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941899" title="Poker Guide">
Poker Guide



</doc>
<doc id="6941904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941904" title="Mike Larkan">
Mike Larkan

Mike Larkan (born 1960) is an Australian television presenter.
Career.
Larkan is best known for his work on 10 News First, providing weather reports on location at various popular locations around the city of Melbourne.
Larkan began his career as a clerk in the sporting section of "The Sun" in Sydney in 1976, working for the then editor Derryn Hinch. About the same time, he landed small acting roles in TV soapies and commercials and he was also in a band called Freedom as a guitarist at 14 years of age which he described his musical talent as "dodgy"..
Upon his return to Australia two years later in 1984, Larkan joined Capital Television (now 10 Regional) in Canberra writing and reporting for the evening news and reading news updates. He became Capital's weatherman in 1988. He also returned to radio on 2CA.
In 1996 Larkan became ATV-10's weather presenter.
In August 2020, Larkan was made redundant by Network 10 as part of a centralised news bulletin that began the following month in September 2020.
Personal life.
Larkan was born in 1960 in Sydney. Larkan and his wife Kathy have two children.

</doc>
<doc id="6941908" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941908" title="Domínguez–Escalante expedition">
Domínguez–Escalante expedition

The Domínguez–Escalante Expedition was a Spanish journey of exploration conducted in 1776 by two Franciscan priests, Atanasio Domínguez and Silvestre Vélez de Escalante, to find an overland route from Santa Fe, New Mexico, to their Roman Catholic mission in Monterey, on the coast of modern day central California. Domínguez, Vélez de Escalante, and Bernardo de Miera y Pacheco, acting as the expedition's cartographer, traveled with ten men from Santa Fe through many unexplored portions of the American West, including present-day western Colorado, Utah, and northern Arizona. Along part of the journey, they were aided by three indigenous guides of the Timpanogos tribe (Ute people).
The land was harsh and unforgiving, and hardships encountered during travel forced the group to return to Santa Fe before reaching Las Californias. Maps and documentation produced by the expedition aided future travelers. The Domínguez–Escalante route eventually became an early template for the Old Spanish Trail, a trade route from Santa Fe to Pacific Coast settlements.
Explorers.
Atanasio Domínguez.
Fray Francisco Atanasio Domínguez was born in Mexico City about 1740, and in 1757, at the age of 17, joined the Franciscan order. In October 1772, Domínguez was at the Convent of Veracruz as Commissary of the Third Order. He arrived in Santa Fe on March 22, 1776, in present-day New Mexico, of the Mexican province to inspect the Custody of the Conversion of St. Paul and investigate opening an overland route from Santa Fe to Monterey, California. Upon his return to Santa Fe and Mexico City, Domínguez submitted to his Franciscan superiors a report that was highly critical of the administration of the New Mexico missions. His views caused him to fall out of favor with the Franciscans in power, leading him to an assignment to an obscure post at a Sonoran Desert mission in the Sonora y Sinaloa Province in northern Mexico.
In 1777, Domínguez returned to Mexico and was the chaplain of presidios in Nueva Vizcaya. In 1800, he was at Janos, Sonora, Mexico. He died between 1803 and 1805.
Silvestre Vélez de Escalante.
Fray Francisco Silvestre Vélez de Escalante was born in Treceño, Cantabria, Spain about 1750. When he was 17 he became a Franciscan in the Convento Grande in Mexico City. In 1774 he came to present-day New Mexico in the Mexican province; he was first stationed at Laguna pueblo and then in January 1775 assigned as a minister to the Zuni. In June 1776 he was summoned by Domínguez for the expedition to California and remained in New Mexico for two years following the expedition. He died at the age of 30 in April 1780 in Parral, Mexico, during his return journey to Mexico City for medical treatment. Vélez de Escalante was known for his journal, in which he described the expeditions he went on.
Escalante namesakes include Escalante Desert, Escalante River, Escalante (town), Grand Staircase–Escalante National Monument.
Bernardo de Miera y Pacheco.
Bernardo de Miera y Pacheco, a native of Valle de Carriedo, Cantabria, Spain, lived in Chihuahua before he moved to El Paso in 1743. From 1754–56 he lived in Santa Fe. Multi-talented, he was an army engineer, merchant, Indian fighter, government agent, rancher and artist. It was his experience as a cartographer that made the expedition historic when he produced several maps of the expedition around 1778 and a report on the expedition, which is included in Herbert E. Bolton, "Pageant in the Wilderness: The Story of the Escalante Expedition to the Interior Basin". He is also known for his artwork, including a painting of St. Michael on an altar screen in Santa Fe's chapel of San Miguel and statuettes that were in the Zuni church.
Timpanog Utes.
Fathers Domínguez and Escalante named three Timpanogos/Ute Native Americans who joined the expedition as guides:
Other explorers.
Other men who began the expedition in Santa Fe include:
The expedition.
The Domínguez–Escalante expedition was undertaken in 1776 with the purpose of finding a route across the largely unexplored continental interior from Santa Fe, New Mexico, to Spanish missions in Las Californias, such as the Spanish presidio at Monterey. On July 29, 1776, Atanasio Domínguez led the expedition from Santa Fe with fellow friar Silvestre Vélez de Escalante and cartographer Bernardo de Miera y Pacheco (Miera). The initial part of their journey followed the route taken by Juan Rivera eleven years earlier into the Ute country of southwestern Colorado. Three Timpanogos guides led them through Colorado and Utah.
These Spanish colonists were the first European men to travel through much of the Colorado Plateau into Utah, and back through Arizona to New Mexico. During the course of their trip, they documented the route and provided detailed information about the "lush, mountainous land filled with game and timber, strange ruins of stone cities and villages, and rivers showing signs of precious metals."
Route.
New Mexico.
Santa Rosa de Abiquiú, July 30
Colorado.
Mesa Verde, August 10
Father Fray Francisco Atanasio [Domínguez] awoke troubled by rheumatic fever which he felt in his face and head since the day before, and it was desirable that we make camp here until he should be better, but the continuous rains, the inclemency of the weather, and the great dampness of the place forced us to leave it. Going north, and having traveled a little more than half a league, we turned to the northwest, went on a league and then swung west through valleys of very beautiful timber and abundant pasturage, roses, and various other flowers. After going two leagues we were again caught in a very heavy rain. Father Fray Francisco Atanasio became worse and the road impassable, and so, having traveled with great difficulty two more leagues to the west, we had to camp on the bank of the first of two little rivers which form the San Lázaro, otherwise called "Río de los Mancos". The pasturage continues in great abundance. Today four and a half leagues.
Escalante and Domínguez Pueblos, August 13
Nucla, August 23
Bowie, September 1–2
Rangely, September 10
Utah.
The travel journal kept by Escalante provided the first written descriptions of the geography and people in the area that would later become the state of Utah.
Yampa Plateau, September 11
Uinta National Forest, September 20
Utah Lake, September 23
Payson, September 26
Beaver River Valley, October 5
Arizona.
Mojave Desert, northwestern Arizona, October 16
Paria River, October 22
Crossing of the Fathers, Colorado River, October 26 – November 7
Northeastern Arizona, November 8–12
Pueblo of Oraybi, November 16
Return to New Mexico.
Northwestern New Mexico and Santa Fe, November 17 – January 2, 1777
Old Spanish Trail.
The maps and information resulting from the expedition provided useful information for future travel, and their route from Santa Fe to the Salt Lake Valley became the first segment of a route later known as the Old Spanish Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="6941909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941909" title="Reefer madness">
Reefer madness



</doc>
<doc id="6941911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941911" title="Phimai district">
Phimai district

Phimai (, ; , ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northeastern part of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
Geography.
Phimai is a lowland, making it a suitable location for settlement and agriculture. The area is fed by the Chakkarat, Khem, and Mun rivers. There is also a source of salt, which is an important resource.
History.
Evidence of human settlement has been found in the Phimai area, indicating human residence since the prehistoric period, approximately 1,700–3,000 years ago. These traces were found to have continued until at least 1,500 years ago. The base of the building under Prasat Hin Phimai is made of bricks, therefore, it is assumed that it was probably originally the location of a Buddhist monastery.
Phimai was an ancient Khmer city named "Vimai" or "Vimayapura". A stone pillar dating to the reign of King Suryavarman I was found, naming the city "Bhirapura" meaning 'strong city'. The rulers of Phimai during the Khmer era were all descendants of the Mahidharapura dynasty. Phimai has been an important city ever since, both during Ayutthaya and Rattanakosin times.
Mueang Phimai district was established in 1900. Khun Khachit Sarakam () was the first governor.
Queen Mother Sriphatcharindra (Saovabha) visited Prasat Phimai and Sai Ngam (ficus forest) in 1911. The government officers and people renovated the city for the royal visit, and named six roads to commemorate the event.
In 1940 the government renamed the district by eliminating the word "mueang".
Administration.
The district is divided into 12 sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 208 villages ("mubans"). There are two sub-district municipalities (thesaban tambons): "Phimai" covering parts of "tambon" Nai Mueang, and "Rang Ka Yai" the whole of "tambon" Rang Ka Yai. There are a further 12 tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="6941913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941913" title="Vincenz Hruby">
Vincenz Hruby

Vincenc Hrubý (9 September 1856 – 16 July 1917, Trieste) was a Czech chess master.
He was born in Krivsoudov (Bohemia). Hrubý worked as a teacher at a secondary school (Realschule) in Trieste. He died there as well.
His best results were in 1880s and 1890s. In the International Chess Tournament at Vienna 1882, won by Wilhelm Steinitz and Szymon Winawer, he finished 11th. He won, ahead of Bernhard Fleissig, at the Vienna Chess Club tournament 1882, and tied for 10–11th at Nuremberg 1883 (the 3rd DSB Congress, Winawer won).
He won matches in Vienna against Berthold Englisch (3.5 : 1.5) in 1882, and Adolf Albin (5.5 : 3.5) in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="6941921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941921" title="Behnam Seraj">
Behnam Seraj

Behnam Seraj (; born June 19, 1971) is a retired Iranian football player and manager. He previously played for the Iran national football team. He was one of the most successful strikers in the Iran Pro League.

</doc>
<doc id="6941923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941923" title="Jonas Tiškevičius">
Jonas Tiškevičius



</doc>
<doc id="6941933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941933" title="Yellow-Orange">
Yellow-Orange



</doc>
<doc id="6941941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941941" title="St Margaret's at Cliffe">
St Margaret's at Cliffe

St Margaret's at Cliffe is a three-part village situated just off the coast road between Deal and Dover in Kent, England. The centre of the village is about ¾ mile (1 km) from the sea, with the residential area of Nelson Park further inland, and St Margaret's Bay situated along and below the cliffs north of South Foreland. The parish church, dedicated to St Margaret of Antioch, is a Grade I listed building.
Channel swimmers and submarine telephone cables start from St Margaret's Bay. At the north end of the bay is Leathercote Point (sometimes spelt Leathercoat Point or Lethercote Point), where there is the Dover Patrol Monument war memorial commemorating the Dover Patrol. According to the International Hydrographic Organization, Leathercote Point marks the western end of the line which defines the divide between the North Sea and the English Channel, the opposite end being at the Walde Lighthouse near Calais.
History.
In 1851, the first successfully laid international submarine telegraph cable started here to Sangatte, France – with Thomas Russell Crampton as the responsible engineer.
During the Second World War, most of the population were moved out and guns with their attendant military personnel were moved in. Most of the guns were anti-aircraft but there were heavier pieces intended to prevent German shipping from travelling along the French coast. There were two guns called "Jane" and "Clem" and there were also the two famous ex-Navy BL 14 inch Mk VII naval guns called "Winnie" and "Pooh". They originally came from the battleship .
The parish church suffered a direct hit from German guns located in Calais, but the only damage was the destruction of a window dedicated to John Knott, lighthouse keeper of South Foreland Lighthouse.
Sir Peter Ustinov was stationed in the village during the Second World War, and bought a house on the cliffs after the war. The house is now owned by actress Miriam Margolyes, and both have hosted functions to raise funds for the new village hall.
At the other end of the beach there are cottages, two of which were owned by Noël Coward, and one which was rented by Ian Fleming.
Oxney Court, to the north east of the village, is a Grade II listed country house, dating from the 16th century. The original manor house was owned by the De Crioll family and later by the Sedley family. The adjacent church of St Nicholas is now a ruin. In the 18th century, Oxney Court was owned by the Jeken and Rose-Fuller families, who added a Gothic tower and crenellations; in the 19th century it was further remodelled for its then owner, John May of Deal and later acquired by Sir Edward Banks. The house became a school and was requisitioned for military use in World War I, and then suffered fire damage. It was restored in the 1990s as a private residence.
The village had its own fire station from 1896, a hand-cart that was manned by volunteer firemen who were residents of the village. At the start of the 20th century, a second fire shed was constructed on the beach where there was a small community existing of hotels, cafés and housing. In 1936 the village purchased its first motor fire engine and housed it next to the Hope Inn in the central village. Its first emergency call was to Wanstone Court Farm, St Margaret's. The Auxiliary Fire Service took the station over in 1939, and at the outbreak of the Second World War, the Royal Marines based in the village manned the two fire engines that were stationed there.
In 1945, it reverted to the National Fire Service, and in 1948, with the disbandment of the NFS, Kent Fire Brigade took over. A new station was built in 1970 along Reach Road, and St Margaret's became one of the first fire stations in Kent to alert the crew by Pocket Alerter instead of the traditional siren. Kent Fire Brigade was rebranded Kent Fire &amp; Rescue Service on 1 October 2003. The station closed on 1 April 2012 along with nine other fire stations in Kent due to restructuring by Kent Fire &amp; Rescue Service
In 2005–06, the affordable village housing in Ash Grove won the Best New Neighbourhood category in the Kent Design Awards.
There has been green energy in the village since 1929, when St Margaret's Bay Windmill was built to generate electricity.
Governance.
An electoral ward with the same name exists. The population of this ward at the 2011 Census was 5,169.

</doc>
<doc id="6941945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941945" title="Heather Lewis (writer)">
Heather Lewis (writer)

Heather Lewis (1962–2002) was an American writer.
Biography.
Heather Lewis was born in Bedford, New York. She attended Sarah Lawrence College.
She was the author of three published novels. The first, "House Rules" (1994), details the experiences of a fifteen-year-old girl working as a show rider of horses—an experience the author herself had in her teenage years. The novel won the 1995 Ferro-Grumley Award for Lesbian Fiction. Lewis's second novel, "The Second Suspect" (1998), follows the struggles of a female police investigator trying to prove the guilt of a powerful and influential businessman responsible for the rape and murder of several young women. The third, posthumously published novel, "Notice" (2004), describes the experiences of a young prostitute, Nina and her involvement with a sadist and his wife. Lewis' former teacher, Allan Gurganus wrote an afterword for "Notice". The book is essentially a re-writing of "The Second Suspect" from the point of view of one of the victims.
Lewis was an out lesbian, and her works explore aspects of American culture, such as the connections between power, drugs, sex, violence, love and justice.
Lewis taught at the Writer's Voice and contributed to various anthologies of literature including "Best Lesbian Erotica" (1996, 1997), "Once Upon a Time: Erotic Fairy Tales for Women" (1996), and "A Woman Like That: Lesbian and Bisexual Writers Tell Their Coming Out Stories" (1999). Lewis returned to New York in the fall of 2001, after a year in Arizona. She ended her life in May 2002, in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="6941949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941949" title="Listukuj Míkmaq First Nation">
Listukuj Míkmaq First Nation



</doc>
<doc id="6941950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941950" title="FC Belshina">
FC Belshina



</doc>
<doc id="6941951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941951" title="Official mourning">
Official mourning



</doc>
<doc id="6941960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941960" title="Francisco Atanasio Domínguez">
Francisco Atanasio Domínguez



</doc>
<doc id="6941961" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941961" title="FC Naftan">
FC Naftan



</doc>
<doc id="6941963" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941963" title="FC Darida">
FC Darida



</doc>
<doc id="6941966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941966" title="FC Lokomotiv Viciebsk">
FC Lokomotiv Viciebsk



</doc>
<doc id="6941968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941968" title="Lar Dam">
Lar Dam

Lar Dam (Persian: سد لار "sad-de lār") is a dam located at the foot of Mount Damavand in Amol county, Mazandaran, Iran. The dam is located within the protected Lar National Park, and situated just 70 kilometers northeast of the capital and the most populous city of the country, Iran. The primary purpose of the dam is municipal water supply to Tehran but prior to the water reaching the city filtration plant, it is used to power the Kalan and Lavarak Hydroelectric Power Stations, with a combined installed capacity of 162.5 MW.
Construction.
The construction began on the dam in 1974, and ended four years later in 1981. When the reservoir began in 1980, leakage was discovered downstream. The leakage is due to a karst foundation. The foundation was grouted from 1983 until 1989 with no success. With the population growth occurring in Amol, there was a need for more water and energy. The ideal place for the dam was over the Lar river, in the northeast section of the city, at the elevated heights of the "Kalanbasteh" mountain on the slope of Mount Damavand. The area is called Polour, and operations began in 1984.
One of the aims for building the Lar dam was to supply part of Amol with drinking water; it was not possible initially to operate the dam at its nominal capacity, because of a water seepage problem. Water stored in the dam's reservoir is first transferred to the "Kalan Power Station" () then to the "Lavark Power Station" (), a distance of 3 kilometers from the Latyan Dam's reservoir, through the 20 kilometer long "Kalan" tunnel (3 meters in size). After electricity generation, the water joins and feeds the Latyan dam's reservoir. The Kalan Power Station was commissioned in 1998 and the Lavarak in March 2012 and July 2013.
Uncontrolled growth and expansion of Tehran created a situation where the existing water resources at Karaj, Latyan and Lar dams and the deep wells which were supposed to be exploited only in the during the peak water consumption period. These were no longer capable of meeting the city's water demand, so inevitable abstraction from ground resources started to increase in a manner that at the present situation, the quantity of drilled deep wells has amounted to 230 rings. In fact, from 1997-2000, it had been orderly abstracted, 317, 289, 374 and 357 MCM (million cubic metres) of water from groundwater resources of the city.
Lake.
The lake is northeast of Amol.
See also.
Dams in Iran

</doc>
<doc id="6941975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941975" title="Sports in the Kansas City metropolitan area">
Sports in the Kansas City metropolitan area

The Kansas City metropolitan area has a long history of sports, which has included national championship teams and championship title events.
Major professional teams.
Kansas City has had teams in all five of the major professional sports leagues; three major league teams remain today. The Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball became the first American League expansion team to reach the playoffs (1976), to reach the World Series (1980), and to win the World Series (1985; against the state-rival St. Louis Cardinals in the "Show-Me Series"). They did not make the playoffs again until 2014, winning the American League pennant before falling in a seven-game World Series to the San Francisco Giants. The Royals would return to the World Series in 2015, defeating the New York Mets in five games, clinching the title with a 7–2 win in 12 innings.
Since moving to the city in 1963, the Kansas City Chiefs won the AFL title in 1966, ultimately losing Super Bowl I to the Green Bay Packers, and again in 1969 as the last ever AFL champion, en route to their first Super Bowl win. They won Super Bowl IV against the Minnesota Vikings, 23–7. 50 years later, they would win Super Bowl LIV 31–20 against the San Francisco 49ers. In 2023, they won Super Bowl LVII over the Philadelphia Eagles with the score of 38-35, marking their second Super Bowl victory over the last four seasons and third Super Bowl title in franchise history.
Sporting Kansas City of Major League Soccer (MLS) plays its home games at Children's Mercy Park, formerly named Livestrong Sporting Park and Sporting Park. Kansas City has won the MLS Cup twice — first in 2000 by defeating the Chicago Fire 1–0, and next in 2013 by beating Real Salt Lake at Sporting Park. Kansas City has won the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup four times — first in 2004 by beating the Chicago Fire, next in 2012 by beating the Seattle Sounders at Sporting Park, again in 2015 by beating the Philadelphia Union, and most recently in 2017 by beating the New York Red Bulls. Kansas City was previously represented by the Kansas City Spurs in the top-level North American Soccer League (NASL) from 1968 to 1970. The Spurs captured the NASL championship in 1969, but were dissolved shortly after the 1970 NASL season. 
The Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup is named for Lamar Hunt; while he was best known as the founding owner of the Chiefs, he was also a principal founder of both the original North American Soccer League (NASL) and Major League Soccer (MLS).
In the three most prominent women's professional leagues (the WNBA, the National Women's Soccer League, and the Professional Women's Hockey League), Kansas City has had two teams, both in the NWSL. FC Kansas City was one of the league's eight inaugural teams in 2013, but management issues led to the team being folded after the 2017 season, with its playing-related assets transferred to the first Utah Royals. That team ceased operations after the 2020 season, and its playing-related assets were transferred to a new Kansas City ownership group. The new Kansas City team played its first season in 2021 under the placeholder name Kansas City NWSL before adopting its permanent name of Kansas City Current the next season.
Major league professional championships.
Kansas City Chiefs (NFL).
4 Super Bowl titles
2 American Football League (AFL) Championship Titles 
The Franchise has another AFL Title as the Dallas Texans in 1962 before moving to Kansas City.
Kansas City Royals (MLB).
2 World Series titles
Kansas City Monarchs (NNL / NAL).
2 Negro World Series titles
Kansas City Spurs (NASL).
1 NASL title
Sporting Kansas City (MLS).
2 MLS Cup titles
FC Kansas City (NWSL).
2 NWSL titles
Past teams.
In 1926, the NFL added the Kansas City Blues and later renamed the club to the Kansas City Cowboys (NFL) in 1926. The club folded in 1927.
In 1972, Kansas City gained an NBA franchise, when the Kansas City-Omaha Kings – which had originated as the Rochester Royals, before becoming the Cincinnati Royals – relocated to the city from Cincinnati; the Kings split their home games between Kansas City and Omaha, Nebraska until 1975, when the team began playing its games exclusively in Kansas City, shortening its name to the Kansas City Kings. In 1985, the Kings relocated to Sacramento, California, becoming the Sacramento Kings.
In 1974, the National Hockey League (NHL) added an expansion team in Kansas City, when the Kansas City Scouts began play. The team would suffer due to an economic downturn in the Midwest. For their second season, the Scouts sold just 2,000 of 8,000 season tickets and were almost $1 million in debt. Due to their various on- and off-ice disappointments, the franchise moved to Denver before settling on the East Coast as the New Jersey Devils.
The Kansas Crusaders won the 1993 Women's Professional Basketball WBA Championship and the Kansas City Mustangs went undefeated in 1994.
Sports headquarters.
Kansas City and nearby Overland Park, Kansas were once the home of the National Collegiate Athletic Association, and has hosted ten men's final fours, more than any other city. However, Kansas City will be unable to host an 11th Final Four due to the NCAA's requirement starting with the 1997 tournament that all Final Four venues have a minimum seating capacity of 30,000.
In recognition of Kansas City's ten final fours, the National Association of Basketball Coaches are based in the city, and operates a full-time museum in the new Sprint Center, which opened in 2007 and is now known as T-Mobile Center.
Kansas City is home to the Mid–America Intercollegiate Athletics Association, an NCAA Division II conference of 14 schools in Kansas, Missouri, Nebraska and Oklahoma. The National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics was formed in Kansas City. The NAIA national men's basketball tournament takes place each year in Kansas City's Municipal Auditorium.
The Negro Leagues Baseball Museum is located in the 18th and Vine district.

</doc>
<doc id="6941977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941977" title="Józef Grzegorz Chlopicki">
Józef Grzegorz Chlopicki



</doc>
<doc id="6941978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941978" title="Treaty of Medicine Creek">
Treaty of Medicine Creek

The Treaty of Medicine Creek was an 1854 treaty between the United States, and nine tribes and bands of Indians, occupying the lands lying around the head of Puget Sound, Washington, and the adjacent inlets. The tribes listed on the Treaty of Medicine Creek are Nisqually, Puyallup, Steilacoom, Squawskin (Squaxin Island), S'Homamish, Stehchass, T'Peeksin, Squi-aitl, and Sa-heh-wamish. The treaty was signed on December 26, 1854 by Isaac I. Stevens, governor and superintendent of Indian Affairs of the territory at the time of the signing, along with the chiefs, head-men and delegates of the stated tribes. For the purpose of the treaty, these representatives who signed the treaty were stated to have been, "regarded as one nation, on behalf of said tribes and bands, and duly authorized by them." 
Background.
Isaac Stevens was the governor of Washington Territory in 1854. He was directly responsible for every Native American affair including making treaties to acquire land for the United States Government. In December 1854, Stevens called a meeting of the Native American tribes who lived in the South Puget Sound area. He focused on these tribes in particular because he stated they were good laborers, excellent fisherman, and because they were also controlling trade in the area. The major tribes included the Puyallup, the Muckleshoot and the Nisqually. The Cowlitz Tribe were not included as these people had taken up farms and been absorbed into the white community in 1893.
Isaac Stevens elected to hire George Gibbs to be his second in command to negotiate the treaty, as Gibbs had traveled west in 1849 and was familiar with the native peoples. The Native Americans were told the treaty would help them by paying them for some of the land; it ended up taking prime farmland and relocating the tribes onto rough reservations. Chief Leschi of the Nisqually tribe protested the treaty. He and his people marched to Olympia to have their voices heard, but Isaac Stevens ordered them away. When the natives refused to leave, Isaac Stevens would eventually declare martial law in May of 1856 and, after the beginning of the Puget Sound War in 1855, initiate a search for Chief Leschi in order to arrest him. Chief Leschi was eventually captured and put on trial. The first jury couldn’t come to a verdict, so Isaac Stevens had the trial done a second time. This time Leschi was found guilty. Chief Leschi was hanged on February 19, 1858.
Site.
The site of the treaty was near the Nisqually River delta, along a creek then known as "She-nah-num" by the natives, or Medicine Creek by white settlers. The creek is now known as McAllister Creek.
The signing took place in Thurston County, Washington, on December 26, 1854, in a grove of Douglas fir trees well known to the tribes. The single tree remaining on the site from the original grove at the Nisqually River Delta was a de facto monument, known as Treaty Tree.
On June 14, 1922 (Flag Day) the Sacajawea Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution placed a bronze tablet on the Medicine Creek Treaty Tree bearing the following inscription:"Site of the Medicine Creek Treaty between Governor Isaac I. I. Stevens and Puget Sound Indians 1854 Marked by Sacajawea Chapter, Daughters of the American Revolution 1922."Though not recognized as an official historical location, the site was avoided during the creation of Interstate 5 in the 1960s.
A monument was erected on the hillside overlooking the creek, pointing at the site in 1976, by students of nearby Timberline High School. The monument is in the shape of a peace sign when viewed from the air, contains an old Navy buoy which represents the spherical thinking of Native Americans, a rusty railroad rail representing the white mans rusted straight thinking and a time capsule to be opened in 2076.
The DAR Plaque disappeared from the site during the 1970s. The large Treaty Tree, which had been languishing for decades, was formally recognized as diseased by 1975, and by 1979 was dead. Seeds from Treaty Tree that were gathered in the 1970s were re-planted in a circle 40 feet from it. The dead snag was left standing and still visible from the Interstate until 2007, finally falling during severe windstorms.In June 2013, a new plaque was dedicated in front of a tree growing from a seedling of the last Treaty Tree. This off-spring tree is growing on the bluff of the Thurston County Courthouse campus. Representatives of local treaty tribes joined Thurston County Commissioners for the ceremony. The plaque is inscribed as follows: "The treaty of Medicine Creek was signed December 26, 1854 by representatives of the United States Government and the leaders of the Nisqually, Puyallup and Squaxin Island Indian Tribes. The treaty established the future formal relationship between the U. S. and the Indian Nations. The Treaty Tree was located in the Nisqually delta where the 1854 treaty was signed. The treaty tree was lost in the winter of 2007, but several seedlings were propagated, including this offspring. These living trees stand testimony to the ongoing responsibilities agreed to among the signatories." The Thurston County Historic Commission was instrumental in working with the Tribes and Thurston County in arranging for the plaque and the dedication ceremony.
The site, now in the Billy Frank Jr. Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, was designated by Congress as the Medicine Creek Treaty National Memorial on December 18, 2015. As of 2016, the location is only accessible by boat up McAllister Creek, however no landing is permitted; the memorial may be viewed from a distant platform on a trail.
Treaty.
The treaty granted 2.24 million acres (9,060;km²) of land to the United States in exchange for establishment of three reservations, cash payments over a period of twenty years, and recognition of traditional native fishing and hunting rights. The exact nature of those rights was disputed until the Boldt Decision in 1974; the Boldt Decision would also be upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court in 1979. Since the Boldt Decision, the tribes named in the treaty have had a recognized right to half of the fish caught on traditional lands throughout south Puget Sound, while before it, state and territorial governments allowed the tribes much less. 
The original Nisqually reservation was in rocky terrain and unacceptable to the Nisqually, who were a riverside fishing people. They went to war in 1855. An unfortunate outcome of a year of skirmishes that followed was that Nisqually Chief Leschi was hanged for murder. Leschi would be informally exonerated by the Historical Court of Inquiry of Washington State in a unanimous, though non-legally binding, ruling in December 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6941989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941989" title="Micmac Language">
Micmac Language



</doc>
<doc id="6941998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6941998" title="Christophe Léotard">
Christophe Léotard

Christophe Léotard (born 1966, in Amiens) is a French correspondence chess grandmaster and the 19th World Champion in Correspondence Chess. He obtained 8.5 points (+5 =7) in the championship (a category XV tournament), which started on 20 April 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6942006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942006" title="Iron Eagle II">
Iron Eagle II

Iron Eagle II (also titled Iron Eagle II: The Battle Beyond the Flag) is a 1988 action film directed by Sidney J. Furie and written by Furie and Kevin Alyn Elders. A sequel to the 1986 film "Iron Eagle", it is the second installment of the "Iron Eagle" film series, with Louis Gossett Jr. reprising his role as Charles "Chappy" Sinclair, alongside newcomers Mark Humphrey, Stuart Margolin, Maury Chaykin, Alan Scarfe, Colm Feore, and Clark Johnson. An uncredited Jason Gedrick also returns as ace pilot Doug Masters in the film's opening scene.
Like its predecessor, "Iron Eagle II" received negative reviews. It also did not fare well at the box-office, with earnings of $10,497,324. Despite this, it was nominated for three Genie Awards (Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Sound Editing, and Best Overall Sound).
Plot.
While on a routine patrol in United States airspace west of Alaska, pilots Doug "Thumper" Masters and Matt "Cobra" Cooper test the g-forces of their F-16C fighter aircraft. Their antics get them carried away, and they stray over Soviet airspace. As they are being escorted back into U.S. airspace, one of the Soviet fighters locks onto Doug, resulting in a dogfight where Matt loses control of his plane and is too late to save Doug, who is shot down by the Soviets. The next day, the U.S. Secretary of Defense publicly denies the incident, claiming a training accident caused by a fuel system malfunction killed Doug.
At the United States Air Force Museum in Arizona, Col. Charles "Chappy" Sinclair is taken out of reserve duty and promoted to brigadier general to lead "Operation Dark Star", a top-secret military operation. He meets up with Matt and the rest of the operation's selected pilots and soldiers at an undisclosed military base in Israel. The group is shortly joined by a group of Soviet pilots that comprise the other half of the operation, much to their dismay. During their briefing, it is revealed that an unnamed Middle Eastern country has completed construction of a nuclear weapons compound capable of launching warheads towards both the United States and the Soviet Union. Their mission is to destroy the compound, as its nuclear arms will be ready within two weeks. Both the Americans and Soviets have difficulty cooperating with each other. The situation is further complicated when Matt realizes that ace pilot Yuri Lebanov is the one who accidentally shot down Doug. At the same time, he slowly develops a relationship with female pilot Valeri Zuyeniko.
After a mock dogfight followed by a fist fight that gets them grounded, Matt and Lebanov settle their differences. However, Major Bush, the lead American pilot, is killed during a training exercise due to his claustrophobia. Chappy is later informed that the joint operation is canceled. He realizes that as both the American and Soviet teams consist of delinquent soldiers, the operation was doomed to fail from the beginning. Nevertheless, he is grateful that both factions have the courage to cooperate with each other. His pep talk encourages the entire operation to continue with the mission against General Stillmore's orders.
For the mission, the F-16 units are to fire their missiles at the compound through the ventilation shafts while the MiGs provide high-altitude cover against enemy aircraft. Ground units are also necessary to take out the anti-aircraft defenses. Upon entering enemy airspace, the transport plane carrying the APCs is shot down. Chappy orders the pilots to abort the mission, but Matt and his wingman Graves disobey and provide air cover to the ground units. Both pilots are outnumbered by the opposing fighters, but Valeri and Lebanov arrive to even the playing field. Meanwhile, the enemy prepares to launch a warhead while the U.S. and Soviet forces order bombers on standby in case the operation fails. Chappy and the ground forces manage to destroy the guidance tower controlling the SAM launchers, but Hickman is killed in the process. They reach the target point, but Graves is shot down by an anti-aircraft gun. Valeri takes over while Matt provides cover. She fires her two remaining missiles, one of which penetrates through the ventilation shaft, obliterating the compound completely.
After the joint operation is congratulated, Chappy is offered continued service under General Stillmore, but he adamantly declines the offer. Matt and Valeri bid each other farewell, but Chappy reveals to him that they are flying to Moscow on Tuesday as part of a pilot exchange program.
Production.
"Iron Eagle II" was filmed on location in Israel. Filming locations included the Ramat David Israeli Air Force air base near Haifa, the desert flatlands, the mountains, and the coast of the Dead Sea. 
Israeli Air Force pilots performed the aerial maneuvers for the film, using General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II units - 69 Squadron's latter used to portray the Soviet MiG-29.
Music.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack album was released on Epic Records in 1988.
Reception.
Box office.
The film grossed $10,497,324 million theatrically domestically, the film's 1989 US video release generated $12 million.
Critical response.
As with its predecessor, "Iron Eagle II" was met with negative reviews.
Film historian and reviewer Leonard Maltin noted the film's "... Humphrey may be a Tom Cruise clone, but the film makes "Top Gun" seem like "From Here to Eternity".
Kevin Thomas of the "Los Angeles Times" found the film to be better than the first, saying it "hasn't the sleekness of "Top Gun", which it clearly tries to emulate, but it delivers the goods in its elementary fashion."
In his review, Richard Harrington of "The Washington Post" said the film "plays like a video game. The training sequence is long and tedious, the comrade-rie is short and tedious."
"Variety" magazine wrote that the film "nervily tries to update the formula (of the 1986 original). Plot meanders and fails to really fire its engines until deep into the story."
David Connelly of "The Shreveport Journal" found it unintentionally funny and said "the flight scenes look lackluster compared to those in "Top Gun." They even have a grainy home movie quality. But the sophisticated planes do turn somersaults in the air and that may be enough to satisfy many in the audience."
Doug Shanaberger of "The Pittsburgh Press" gave it one star and said "though a waste of celluloid and humiliation for Gossett, "Iron Eagle II" at least contains a fleet of zooming, whooshing silver jets. They're fun to watch; the movie, schlock at the Grade Z level, isn't."
Chuck David of "The Daily Oklahoman" gave it two stars and explained he "liked it most of the way", while it was an "unnecessary sequel." He thought it has funny moments and that Gossett "is a powerful screen presence." He finalized his review by saying ""Iron Eagle II" falls into the Paint-by-Numbers Syndrome trap. That's where the audience has already figured out out the movie hook, line and stinker miles ahead of the action. Not that I wouldn't recommend seeing "Iron Eagle II." It's pure escapism. It's one you can take the kids to."
Rick Bentley in his article published in "The Town Talk" found it hokey but entertaining. His overall thoughts were "this movie is built on the foundation that speed can thrill. On that level, the production is locked on its target . "Iron Eagle II" groans as it taxies down the runway. But, once you have returned and locked your trays in their upright position, the takeoff leads to an exciting flight of fantasy."
Accolades.
The film was nominated for three awards at the 10th Genie Awards for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Sound Editing, and Best Overall Sound.
Sequel.
A sequel titled "Aces: Iron Eagle III", was released in 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="6942010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942010" title="First at Five">
First at Five



</doc>
<doc id="6942019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942019" title="Shangri-La's Fijian Resort">
Shangri-La's Fijian Resort

Shangri-La's Fijian Resort is a luxury resort located at Yanuca Island, on Viti Levu island, Cuvu, Sigatoka,
Fiji. Currently managed by Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts, the resort originally opened in 1967. After independence from the British, and going local was encouraged over expatriate management, Mr Andrew Thompson was appointed the first local General Manager at the young age of 27. He took the resort to new heights and since then, the Fijian Hotel as it was known then, has never looked back. 
It has 436 rooms renovation completed in July 2005 while its 610 sq m Davui Events Centre is scheduled for competition by third week of 2006. It has a number of restaurants serving Asian and international dishes, often with vegetarian options.
Among its recreation facilities is a 9-hole executive golf course designed by British Golf Open winner Peter Thomson and floodlit tennis courts. Shangri-La's Fijian Resort provides seaside wedding at the non-denominational Seaside Wedding Chapel which can handle up to 42 guests.

</doc>
<doc id="6942021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942021" title="Juan Salvo">
Juan Salvo



</doc>
<doc id="6942023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942023" title="Xi Ling-Shi">
Xi Ling-Shi



</doc>
<doc id="6942024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942024" title="Poker guide">
Poker guide



</doc>
<doc id="6942033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942033" title="John White (footballer, born 1986)">
John White (footballer, born 1986)

John Alan White (born 26 July 1986) is an English former footballer who played as a defender and is currently assistant manager at Chelmsford City. He previously played in the Football League for Colchester United and Southend United, where he made over 200 league appearances for both sides.
Career.
Colchester United.
White rose through the youth ranks at hometown club, Colchester United, having joined the U's at the age of eleven. He was eventually handed his first team debut by Phil Parkinson in a League Cup tie at home to Cheltenham Town in August 2004, before retaining his place for his Football League debut four days later in a 4–1 win over Doncaster Rovers.
He went on to make 24 appearances for the U's during the remainder of the 2004–05 season and displayed his versatility by covering a number of positions, proving to be particularly effective in a man-marking role that had been assigned to him by Parkinson.
White then played an important role the following season as the U's won promotion to the Championship. Having established himself as a first-team regular, he made 41 appearances in all competitions as Parkinson's side finished second in League One, as well as enjoying a run to the fifth round of the FA Cup where they were beaten 3–1 by Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, a game in which White played the full 90 minutes.
In June 2007, White was offered an improved contract to remain at Layer Road, but after making only a handful of appearances in the opening months of the season, he moved to Stevenage in a month-long loan deal. The spell revitalised White and, with George Elokobi falling out of favour at the U's after handing in a transfer request, White forced his way back into the side with his fitness improved. In August 2008, with the club now back in League One following relegation from the Championship, White signed another new contract to extend his stay at the club.
Under the reins of new manager Paul Lambert in summer 2009, White was told that he could leave the club. White was part of a group of players who were being frozen out under Lambert, and he moved on a one-month loan deal to Essex rivals Southend United for the start of the 2009–10 campaign along with Matt Heath.
White started every game of his spell at Roots Hall and admitted to having "no idea" where his future would lie, but during his spell with Southend, Lambert left the U's to join Norwich City, allowing White to force his way back into the Colchester team under new manager Aidy Boothroyd, going on to make 39 league appearances that season. He expressed his gratitude to Boothroyd for resurrecting his career, explaining how Lambert had left him to be forgotten: "I felt I never got the chance to impress him. It wasn't that I was given the chance and messed it up, he just decided he didn't fancy me and that was that, I wasn't involved. The new manager has been like a breath of fresh air. It's nice for the forgotten players that were left disappointed by the old manager to feel wanted around the place again."
With Boothroyd departing for Coventry City, John Ward took over as U's manager and White once again found himself back on the fringes of the first-team after Brian Wilson had been signed at full-back. Ward insisted that White remained part of his plans, and an injury to Wilson in December 2010 ruled him out of the remainder of the campaign, allowing White an extended run in the first-team.
White signed a further two-year contract extension in May 2011 and went on to feature in the unfamiliar left-sided role ahead of both Michael Rose and Ben Coker during the 2011–12 campaign. During the season, White also enjoyed his 200th league game for Colchester aged 25, admitting that it was "special that Colchester is my home town club, and that I've been able to stay here this long."
The 2012–13 season saw Colchester narrowly avoid relegation, with White playing 22 league games for the club under new manager Joe Dunne. His contract was due to expire at the end of the season as Dunne expressed an interest at keeping the defender at the club. White declined the offer of the contract in June 2013, bringing to an end a nine-year stay with the U's. He had been offered a reduced salary to stay on with the club, opting instead to look for another club. He made over 250 appearances during his time with Colchester.
Southend United.
On 27 June 2013, White signed a two-year deal with Southend United, the club where he had spent time on loan in 2009, becoming manager Phil Brown's first summer signing. He captained Southend to promotion from league 2 in 2015.
On 6 June 2017, White extended his stay with Southend signing a one-year deal. On 9 May 2018 White signed another new one-year deal following 37 appearances in the 2017–18 season.
In July 2019, he signed a new contract with the club.
White played his 500th league appearance on 1 February 2020 as part of the Southend team in their 2–1 victory over Lincoln City. He was substituted in the second half due to injury.
In August 2020, White signed a contract extension that would last up until the end of January 2021. This was later extended until the end of the season. White captained Southend during this period.
On 11 March 2022, White joined Southern League Premier Division South side Wimborne Town on loan until the end of the 2021–22 season.
On 18 May 2022, it was announced that White would leave Southend after a nine-year spell with the Essex-based side, in which he registered over 280 appearances for the club.
Braintree Town.
Following the announcement of his departure from Southend, White agreed to join National League South side, Braintree Town ahead of the 2022–23 campaign.
On 16 May 2024, White officially announced his retirement from playing football.
Coaching career.
On 31 December 2023, it was announced that White would be welcoming a new role as the assistant manager with Braintree Town, following on from his playing career with the club.
On 6 May 2025, White was announced as the joint assistant manager at Chelmsford City.
Honours.
Colchester United
Southend United

</doc>
<doc id="6942034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942034" title="Lei Zu">
Lei Zu



</doc>
<doc id="6942040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942040" title="Spanish schooner Virgen de Covadonga">
Spanish schooner Virgen de Covadonga

Virgen de Covadonga (English: "Virgin of Covadonga"), sometimes referred to as Covadonga, was a Spanish Navy screw schooner commissioned in 1859. During the Chincha Islands War, she was captured by the Chilean Navy in the Battle of Papudo in 1865. Incorporated into the Chilean Navy, she initially was assigned to exploration missions and later to the Chilean Navy squadron that participated in the War of the Pacific (1879–1883). In the Battle of Punta Gruesa she defeated the Peruvian Navy broadside ironclad . She was sunk in 1880.
Characteristics.
"Virgen de Covadonga" was a screw schooner with a wooden hull. She displaced 415 tons. She was long, in beam, and in draft. Her steam engine, manufactured by Factory No. 4 at Ferrol, Spain, was rated at a nominal and produced , giving her a maximum speed of under steam, although her boilers performed poorly in operational use. Her armament consisted of two 68-pounder (31 kg) smoothbore guns amidships and a 32-pounder (14.5 kg) smoothbore swivel gun on her bow. Her crew ranged in size during her history from 82 to 125 men.
Construction and commissioning.
A Royal Order of 10 June 1857 authorized "Virgen de Covadonga"′s construction. She was laid down at the Arsenal de la Carraca in San Fernando, Spain, on 13 February 1858. She was launched on 28 November 1859 and commissioned by Royal Command on 8 October 1858. Her construction cost was 5,000,000 "reales de vellón" or 880,833.50 pesetas. The Ministry of Overseas financed her construction.
Service history.
Spanish Navy.
1858–1865.
After entering service, "Virgen de Covadonga" was based at the Spanish naval base at Manila in the Philippines in the Spanish East Indies. She operated as a mail steamer between Manila and Hong Kong.
Amid growing tensions between Spain and Peru, "Virgen de Covadonga" was assigned to the Pacific Squadron for service in the southeastern Pacific Ocean off South America. The squadron commander, "Contralmirante" (Counter Admiral) Luis Hernández-Pinzón Álvarez, departed Cádiz, Spain, on 10 August 1862 with the screw frigates "Resolución" (his flagship) and with both the political-military task of demonstrating a Spanish presence in the Americas and a scientific research mission and had three zoologists, a geologist, a botanist, an anthropologist, a taxidermist, and a photographer aboard. The two screw frigates proceeded to the Río de la Plata (River Plate) on the coast of South American, where the screw corvette joined them. "Virgen de Covadonga" soon rendezvoused with them there as well.
The four ships got underway from Montevideo, Uruguay, on 10 January 1863 and proceeded down the coast of Patagonia, passed the Falkland Islands, rounded Cape Horn on 6 February 1863, and entered the Pacific Ocean. They then stopped at the Chiloé Archipelago off the coast of Chile before continuing their voyage up the coasts of South America and North America, stopping at several ports before calling at San Francisco, California, in the United States from 9 October to 1 November 1863. They then headed southward and arrived at Valparaíso, Chile, on 13 January 1864.
At the time, Spain still had not recognized the independence of Chile and Peru from the Spanish Empire, and the presence of the Spanish warships on the Pacific coast of South America — especially in the aftermath of Spain's annexation of the First Dominican Republic in 1861 and Spanish involvement in a multinational intervention in Mexico in 1861–1862 — raised suspicions in South America as to the intentions of the Spanish government. In retaliation for various hostile actions against Spanish citizens and property in Peru, Pinzón's squadron seized the Chincha Islands from Peru on 14 April 1864 without authorization from the Spanish government, taking several Peruvians prisoner. With tensions spiking between Spain and Peru, "Resolución" and "Nuestra Señora del Triunfo" covered an operation in which many of the Spaniards in Peru embarked on the steamer at Callao and "Virgen de Covadonga" towed "Heredia" out of the harbor under the guns of Peruvian Navy warships that were ready to open fire. Spain and Peru avoided war, but Pinzón resigned his command on 9 November 1864 because he felt that the Spanish government had not supported his actions, and "Vicealmirante" (Vice Admiral) José Manuel Pareja took charge of the Pacific Squadron.
An accidental fire destroyed "Nuestra Señora del Triunfo" on 25 November 1864, but Pareja's squadron received reinforcements on 30 December 1864 when the screw frigates , , and joined it. Tensions with Peru remained high, and a member of "Resolución"′s crew was killed while on leave at Callao. Pareja attempted to settle affairs with Peru by signing the Vivanco–Pareja Treaty with a Peruvian government representative aboard "Villa de Madrid" (Pareja's flagship), but the Peruvian Congress viewed it as a humiliation and refused to ratify it, and the failed treaty instead sparked the outbreak of the Peruvian Civil War of 1865 in February 1865. In May 1865 the armoured frigate and the transport "Marqués de la Victoria" arrived to reinforce the Pacific Squadron.
Chincha Islands War.
The political situation in the southeastern Pacific further deteriorated during 1865 when Pareja steamed to Valparaíso to settle Spanish claims against Chile. When Chile refused to settle, Pareja announced a blockade of Chilean ports, and the Chincha Islands War broke out between Spain and Chile on 24 September 1865. The blockade spread the Pacific Squadron thinly along the Chilean coast, with "Virgen de Covadonga" assigned the task of blockading Coquimbo.
After "Reina Blanca" relieved her on station off Coquimbo, "Virgen de Covadonga" began a voyage to the waters off Valparaíso. While near Papudo, she sighted a screw corvette flying the British flag at 07:00 on 26 November 1865. The approaching ship was in fact the Chilean Navy corvette , which closed the range and fire a full starboard broadside at "Virgen de Covadonga". In the ensuing Battle of Papudo, "Virgen de Covadonga" returned fire, but "Esmeralda" scored a number of hits that inflicted heavy casualties on "Virgen de Covadonga"′s crew. "Virgen de Covadonga" attempted to disengage and flee, but "Esmeralda" pursued her and continued to fire at her. Slower and outgunned, "Virgen de Covadonga" surrendered to the Chileans at 07:30.
Early setbacks in the war culminating in the humiliating loss of "Virgen de Covadonga" prompted Pareja to commit suicide aboard "Villa de Madrid" off Valparaíso, shooting himself in his cabin on 28 November 1865 while lying on his bed wearing his dress uniform. He was buried at sea, and "Numancia"′s commanding officer, "Contralmirante" (Counter Admiral) Casto Méndez Núñez, took command of the Pacific Squadron on 12 December 1865. 
Peru joined the war against Spain on 14 January 1866, as did Ecuador on 30 January. After bringing aboard supplies from a newly arrived Spanish frigate, Méndez Núñez′s squadron began operations to find and recapture "Virgen de Covadonga". The squadron first searched the Juan Fernández Islands and then Puerto Inglés on Chiloé Island in the Chiloé Archipelago off Chile without finding her.
Chilean Navy.
Chincha Islands War.
Meanwhile, "Virgen de Covadonga" was commissioned into Chilean Navy ervice on 4 December 1865 with her name shortened to Covadonga. She became part of a combined Chilean-Peruvian squadron which also included the Peruvian Navy frigate and corvettes "América" and "Unión". 
In February 1866, Méndez Núñez sent "Villa de Madrid" and "Reina Blanca" south to destroy the Chilean-Peruvian squadron. The Spanish frigates found the allied squadron anchored and immobilized in an inlet on the Chilean coast in the Chiloé Archipelago at Abtao Island on 7 February 1866. In the resulting Battle of Abtao, the Spanish ships were reluctant to close with the allied squadron because of a fear of running aground in shallow water. "Apurímac" opened fire at 16:15, and an indecisive exchange of long-range gunfire ensued over the course of about 90 minutes in which the ships fired about 1,700 rounds and "Covadonga" scored several hits on "Reina Blanca". The Spanish frigates displayed good marksmanship but had little success and ultimately withdrew as darkness fell to avoid wasting ammunition. During the engagement, "Villa de Madrid" was hit seven times in her hull and four times in her masts and rigging, while "Reina Blanca" was hit eight times in her hull and eight in her masts and rigging. The Spanish frigates withdrew the next day and returned to the waters off Valparaíso, where the Spanish Pacific Squadron had concentrated.
War of the Pacific.
During the War of the Pacific (1879–1883), "Covadonga" and "Esmeralda", as the oldest and slowest ships of the Chilean Navy, were left behind to blockade the port of Iquique. There they participated in the Battle of Iquique, one of the most important naval battles of the war, on 21 May 1879. "Esmeralda" faced the Peruvian ironclad while "Covadonga" engaged the Peruvian ironclad in a separate action known as the Battle of Punta Gruesa. When "Independencia" struck a submerged rock, "Covadonga" turned around, came up aft of "Independencia", and raked her stern with gunfire, forcing her surrender.
On 13 September 1880, while enforcing a blockade in the port of Chancay, Peru, "Covadonga"′s sighted a drifting, unmanned boat loaded with fresh fruit and produce. When they tried to lift the boat out of the water, it exploded, as the Peruvians had rigged it as a floating mine. "Covadonga" sank in less than 10 minutes. Out of the 109 men of her crew, the commanding officer, Pablo Ferrari, and 32 sailors died. The Chilean gunboat rescued 29 survivors, and the Peruvians took 48 other survivors prisoner.

</doc>
<doc id="6942048" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942048" title="Heydar Yaghma">
Heydar Yaghma

Heydar Yaghma (: 11 January 1924 – 14 May 1984) was an Iranian poet and literary editor. He was a descendant of the early-Qajar era poet Yaghma Jandaqi.

</doc>
<doc id="6942049" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942049" title="I.R.I.S. 4Motion">
I.R.I.S. 4Motion



</doc>
<doc id="6942051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942051" title="Metal glass">
Metal glass



</doc>
<doc id="6942052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942052" title="Legislative districts of Pasay">
Legislative districts of Pasay

The legislative districts of Pasay are the representations of the highly urbanized city of Pasay in the Congress of the Philippines. The city is currently represented in the lower house of the Congress through its lone congressional district.
History.
Pasay was initially represented as part of the at-large district of the province of Manila in the Malolos Congress from 1898 to 1899. The then-town was later incorporated to the province of Rizal, established in 1901, and was represented as part of the first district of Rizal from 1907 to 1941 and from 1945 to 1972. It was incorporated to the City of Greater Manila during World War II and was represented as part of the at-large district of Manila from 1943 to 1944. Pasay was separated from Rizal on November 7, 1975 by virtue of Presidential Decree No. 824, and was represented in the Interim Batasang Pambansa along with other Metropolitan Manila municipalities and cities as part of Region IV from 1978 to 1984.
Pasay first gained separate representation in 1984, when it elected one assemblyman at-large to the Regular Batasang Pambansa from 1984 to 1986. The city continued to constitute a separate congressional district under the new Constitution proclaimed on February 11, 1987; it elected its member to the restored House of Representatives starting that same year.

</doc>
<doc id="6942063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942063" title="Rule of 69.3">
Rule of 69.3



</doc>
<doc id="6942064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942064" title="Congressional District of Pasay City">
Congressional District of Pasay City



</doc>
<doc id="6942065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942065" title="World Taekwando Federation">
World Taekwando Federation



</doc>
<doc id="6942070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942070" title="Tauraco leucolophus">
Tauraco leucolophus



</doc>
<doc id="6942078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942078" title="Bess">
Bess

Bess or BESS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6942081" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942081" title="Reza Shahroudi">
Reza Shahroudi

Reza Shahroudi (, born February 21, 1972) is a retired Iranian football player.
He played mostly for Persepolis. Shahroudi made 40 appearances for the Iran national football team and participated at 1998 FIFA World Cup.
He was also the coach of Damash Tehran who were set up in July 2006 by a private investor and played in Iran Football's 2nd Division at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="6942082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942082" title="Cambrils de Mar">
Cambrils de Mar



</doc>
<doc id="6942088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942088" title="Nong Bun Mak district">
Nong Bun Mak district

Nong Bun Mak (, ) is a district ("amphoe") of Nakhon Ratchasima province, northeastern Thailand.
History.
Nong Bunnak was created as a minor district ("king amphoe") on 1 July 1983 by separating the three "tambons", Nong Bunnak, Saraphi, and Thai Charoen, from Chok Chai district. It was upgraded to a full district on 25 May 1989. In 2003 the district was renamed from Nong Bunnak to Nong Bun Mak.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are (from the east clockwise): Nong Ki of Buriram province; Khon Buri, Chok Chai, and Chakkarat of Nakhon Ratchasima Province.
Administration.
The district is divided into nine subdistricts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 104 villages ("mubans"). There are no municipal ("thesaban") areas, and nine tambon administrative organisations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="6942094" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942094" title="Hoonah">
Hoonah



</doc>
<doc id="6942102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942102" title="MFC (disambiguation)">
MFC (disambiguation)



</doc>
<doc id="6942106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942106" title="List of taluks of Karnataka">
List of taluks of Karnataka

Karnataka has about 236 Talukas. The table below lists all the talukas in the state of Karnataka, India, by district. Each taluka is headed by a Tehsildar and comprises several hoblis, which are groups of villages. These talukas are constituted for land revenue and land administration purposes.
The urban status is listed for the headquarters town of the taluka, rural talukas are much larger. Urban status follows the census standard.
Level of each administration.

</doc>
<doc id="6942108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942108" title="State Library Of Victoria">
State Library Of Victoria



</doc>
<doc id="6942111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942111" title="145th Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)">
145th Infantry Brigade (United Kingdom)

The 145th Infantry Brigade was a regional brigade of the British Army that saw active service in both the First and the Second World Wars, disbanding in 1943 and being reformed in the 1990s. The Brigade was renamed Headquarters 11th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters South East in October 2014.
Formation.
The South Midland Brigade was first formed on the creation of the Territorial Force in 1908 by the amalgamation of the Volunteer Force and the Yeomanry. The South Midland Brigade was composed of four Volunteer battalions: the 5th Battalion, Gloucestershire Regiment, the 4th Battalion, Oxfordshire and Buckinghamshire Light Infantry and the Buckinghamshire Battalion, Ox and Bucks and the 4th Battalion, (Princess Charlotte of Wales's) Royal Berkshire Regiment. The brigade was assigned to the South Midland Division, which was one of fourteen divisions of the peacetime Territorials.
First World War.
The division was mobilised on 4 August 1914, the day after the outbreak of the First World War. Most of the men of the division volunteered for overseas service and the ones who didn't were formed into 2nd Line units, the 2nd South Midland Brigade, part of the 2nd South Midland Division.
The brigade was numbered as the 145th (South Midland) Brigade (along with the 143rd (Warwickshire) Brigade and 144th (Gloucester and Worcester) Brigade) in the 48th (South Midland) Division. The battalions, like all other TF battalions, were redesignated with the '1/' prefix (1/4th Ox and Bucks, for example) to distinguish them from the 2nd Line units, formed of those men who did not originally volunteer to serve overseas, who were designated with the '2/', and were later numbered 184th (2/1st South Midland) Brigade, 61st (2nd South Midland) Division.
The brigade was in continuous service in France on the Western Front in battles at Albert and in 1916 at Bazentin Ridge, Pozières Ridge, Ancre, all part of the Somme offensive.
The 145th Brigade, with 48th Division, later pursued the German Army in the retreat to the Hindenburg Line and again fought in the Battle of Langemarck and later at Polygon Wood, both part of the Passchendaele and later on the Italian Front until the Armistice in 1918 with Germany.
Between the wars.
The brigade and division were disbanded in 1919, along with the rest of the Territorial Force, which later reformed in 1920 and was renamed as the Territorial Army. Both the 48th Division and the 145th Brigade was subsequently reconstituted, now as 145th (South Midland) Infantry Brigade, and comprised the same four battalions it had before the Great War, remaining this way for most of the inter-war period.
Sometime between the wars, the 5th Battalion, Gloucestershire Regiment was transferred to 144th (Gloucester and Worcester) Infantry Brigade, replacing the 6th Battalion which subsequently joined the 145th Brigade. In 1938, when British infantry brigades were reduced from four to three battalions, the 6th Battalion, Gloucestershire Regiment was transferred to the Royal Tank Regiment, converting into an armoured role as 44th Battalion, Royal Tank Regiment (44 RTR), later becoming part of 21st Army Tank Brigade. In 1939 the brigade was redesignated the 145th Infantry Brigade.
Second World War.
The Second World War began on 3 September 1939, although the division had been mobilised two days earlier, along with the rest of the Territorial Army due to the German invasion of Poland. Soon after mobilisation the division began training and preparing for overseas service.
In early January 1940 the 145th Brigade, commanded at the time by acting Brigadier Archibald Cecil Hughes, and the rest of 48th Division, was sent to France in early January 1940 to join the rest of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) which was stationed on the Franco-Belgian border, alongside the French Army. The 145th Brigade landed in France on 18 January 1940 and was the last brigade of 48th Division to land. Soon after arrival of the division, it became part of BEF policy to integrate Regular Army units into Territorial Army formations and so the 4th Battalion, Royal Berkshire Regiment was exchanged for the 2nd Battalion, Gloucestershire Regiment, a Regular battalion, from the 8th Infantry Brigade of the 3rd Infantry Division.
The brigade, with the rest of the 48th Division, fought in the battles of Belgium and France, and at the battle of the Ypres-Comines Canal and had to retreat to Dunkirk be evacuated to England after the German Army threatened to cut off the entire BEF from the main French Armies. Following its withdrawal from France (where the 4th Ox and Bucks was surrounded and virtually destroyed as a fighting force near Watou) the brigade was reformed, as with most units that had fought in France, with large numbers of men who had been conscripted. With the rest of the division, the brigade was stationed in Cornwall on home defence, anticipating a possible German invasion which, fortunately, never arrived due to the attempt to gain air superiority which failed during the Battle of Britain.
In late December 1942 the division and brigade were reduced to a Lower Establishment and became a training formation in the United Kingdom. However, 7 November 1943, the 145th Brigade HQ was disbanded, and its component units were transferred elsewhere. Neither the brigade nor the 48th Division were reformed when the Territorial Army was reconstituted in 1947.
Order of battle.
The 145th Infantry Brigade was constituted as follows during the war:
Commanders.
The following officers commanded 145th Infantry Brigade during the war:
Post-war.
In 1994, 145 Brigade was reformed through the renaming of Aldershot Area, part of the old South East District, assuming responsibility for all army units in the Isle of Wight, Hampshire, Berkshire, Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire. In doing so it joined 4th Division.
It became 145 (South) Brigade in 2007 and had its headquarters in Aldershot, Hampshire, England. It administered the counties of Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Berkshire, Hampshire and the Isle of Wight. It also directly commanded Regular Army and Territorial Army (TA) soldiers and Army cadets. These comprised one TA infantry battalion (7 Rifles), two University Officers' Training Corps (Oxford and Southampton Universities) and four Army County Cadet Forces. The Brigade moved into a new headquarters building, named Roebuck House, in November 2011. The building will be officially opened in 2012. With the disbandment of 4th Division, the brigade came under the control of the new Support Command on 2 April 2012. Under Army 2020, the Brigade was renamed Headquarters 11th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters South East in October 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="6942115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942115" title="Devī inflection">
Devī inflection



</doc>
<doc id="6942120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942120" title="Languages of Germany">
Languages of Germany

 
The official language of Germany is German, with over 95 percent of the country speaking Standard German or a dialect of German as their first language. This figure includes speakers of Northern Low Saxon, a recognized minority or regional language that is not considered separately from Standard German in statistics. Recognized minority languages have official status as well, usually in their respective regions.
Language spoken at home.
Neither the 1987 West German census nor the 2011 census inquired about language. Starting with the 2017 microcensus (a survey with a sampling fraction of 1% of the persons and households in Germany that supplies basic sociodemographic data and facilitates ongoing monitoring of the labor market), a question asking, "Which language is spoken predominantly in your household?" was added, nearly eighty years since the 1939 Census asked for the mother tongue of the population.
According to a 2020 Pew Research survey, the most commonly spoken languages at home were:
The questionnaire did not distinguish Standard German from German dialects.
German dialects.
The German language area is characterized by a range of different dialects. There is a written and spoken standard language but there are also large differences in the usage of the standard and the local dialects. The flight and expulsion of Germans broke down the isolation of dialect areas. In 1959, 20% of West Germans were expellees or refugees. The colloquial speech is a compromise between Standard German and the dialect. Northern Germany (the Low German area) is characterized by a loss of dialects: standard German is the vernacular, with very few regional features even in informal situations. In Central Germany (the Middle German area) there is a tendency towards dialect loss. In Southern Germany (the Upper German area) dialects are still in use. Dialects are declining in all regions except for Bavaria. In 2008, 45% of Bavarians claimed to use only Bavarian in everyday communication.
Minority languages.
Recognized minority languages include:
European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages.
States of Germany preserve primary competence in minority language policies leading to certain variations in the level of protection of minority languages around the country. While German Federal Government, unwilling to intrude on state rights, maintain position that no specific nationwide law on minority languages is needed, the Committee of Experts on the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages believes that federal law may lead to positive harmonization. Germany ratified the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages on 16 September 1998 for the following languages in respect of specific Länder:
Immigrant languages.
Germany has a large immigrant population, accounting for about one-fifth to one-fourth of the country’s total population. Besides German and English, many immigrant languages are spoken due to historical migration waves. These figures are based on data from the 2023 microcensus conducted by the Federal Statistical Office of Germany. Based on language family and population, these languages are:
Afro-Asiatic language Family
Austroasiatic Language Family
Dravidian Language Family
Indo-European language Family
Sino-Tibetan Language Family
Turkic language Family
Uralic Language Family
Second languages.
At least 81% of the German primary and secondary students were learning English as their first foreign language in 2017. However, German schoolchildren generally do not speak English as proficiently as their Scandinavian counterparts and, in some cases, French or Latin are taught first.
According to a 2020 analysis conducted by Pew Research Center using 2017 data from Eurostat, the most popular non-English foreign languages learned in German primary and secondary schools were French (15%), Spanish (5%) and Russian (1%), with others garnering less than 1% each. During the existence of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany, 1949–1990), the most common second language taught there was Russian, while English and French were the preferred second languages taught in schools in the Federal Republic of Germany (West Germany).
Several bilingual kindergartens and schools exist in Germany offering education in German and English, French, Spanish, Japanese, Turkish, and other languages.

</doc>
<doc id="6942121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942121" title="Sikh practices">
Sikh practices

Sikh practices () are guidelines laid out by the Gurus for the practice of the "Sikh way of life". The Gurus emphasise that a Sikh should lead a disciplined life engaged in Naam Simran, meditation on God's name, Kirat Karo, living an honest life of a house-holder, and Vand Chaako, sharing what one has with the community. This translates into hard work, honest living, love of fellow humans and through them service of the God, the primal power. This way of life is said to have been stripped of complications, myths, jargon, rituals and exploitation of man by man in the name of religion. No benefits are gained by where and to which family the person is born to – All have to undertake the rigours of Simran (meditation) and Sevā (selfless service) to progress spiritually. The Guru Granth Sahib asks the Sikh to "Practice truth, contentment and kindness.
Disciplined life.
The Sikh is required to undertake the following observances:
Personal regulations.
Many of the personal practices of Sikhism were described in the first section of the 1950 pamphlet "Sikh Rehat Maryada".

</doc>
<doc id="6942128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942128" title="Cozzie">
Cozzie



</doc>
<doc id="6942132" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942132" title="Historic eruptions of Mt.Fuji">
Historic eruptions of Mt.Fuji



</doc>
<doc id="6942133" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942133" title="Compeador">
Compeador



</doc>
<doc id="6942144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942144" title="Hylaeus and Rheacus">
Hylaeus and Rheacus



</doc>
<doc id="6942148" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942148" title="Hot Stuff (Rolling Stones song)">
Hot Stuff (Rolling Stones song)

"Hot Stuff" is a song by English rock and roll band the Rolling Stones written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, for their 1976 album "Black and Blue".
Background.
"Hot Stuff" was recorded in March, October and December 1975 during the "Black and Blue" sessions, and is heavily influenced by the disco/funk sounds of the day, with Charlie Watts laying down a heavy drum pattern accompanied by Ollie E. Brown on percussion, Bill Wyman adding a funky bassline, and extensive use of the Mutron III pedal by guest guitarist Harvey Mandel, formerly of Canned Heat. Mandel plays the lead guitar parts on the song and was one of the guitarists in consideration for replacing the departed Mick Taylor's slot as the Stones' lead guitarist, a position eventually filled by Ron Wood. Billy Preston plays piano on the recording and contributes backing vocals along with Richards and Wood. The video, however, features Wood on guitar playing Mandel's part.
Reception.
"Cash Box" said that it "is a hot disco tune, with driving, fleshed-out R&amp;B overtones."
Chart performance.
The song was released as a US promo single from "Black and Blue" (following the worldwide top 10 hit "Fool to Cry"). "Hot Stuff" was not as successful as its predecessor, reaching in the United States. Despite the relative failure of the single, the band continued to explore the disco/funk sounds heard on the recording with later albums and singles—their next single, the disco-infused "Miss You", reached the top position in the US two years later.

</doc>
<doc id="6942149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942149" title="The Wind in the Willows (TV-series)">
The Wind in the Willows (TV-series)



</doc>
<doc id="6942154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942154" title="Jasper D'Ambrosi">
Jasper D'Ambrosi

Jasper D'Ambrosi, son of Italian immigrants, was born and raised in Wilmington, California. He attended University of Southern California on a football scholarship where he studied painting and graduated cum laude. Out of college, D'Ambrosi worked nine years in the art department of Douglas Aircraft, after which he founded and operated his own printing and design business while painting and sculpting part-time. In 1970, he sold his business to become a full-time artist.
D'Ambrosi is well known for 'The Fallen Warrior', a companion piece to Arizona's Vietnam Veterans' Memorial, which stands outside the state capital. Other well-known pieces include "El Capitan", a life-size longhorn which is located in downtown Dodge City, Kansas; and "Buffalo Jone-Visionary", another life-size monument in Garden City, Kansas. Early on October 1, 2010, the "El Capitan" statue was damaged when a car crashed into it, knocking it from its pedestal. Damage included a broken tail and one broken horn. The City of Dodge City plans to have the statue restored and replaced on its pedestal.
On 1 August 1986, D'Ambrosi died after a brief illness due to blood cell abnormalities suspected to be caused by years of working toxic art materials. At the time of his death, he was about to begin the final clay model of 'Jacob's Ladder', a sculpture for the American Merchant Marine Veterans Memorial. His two sons, Marc and Michael D'Ambrosi, completed the sculpture shortly after their father's death. It is on public display today at Los Angeles Harbor on the corner of South Harbor Boulevard and West Sixth Street in San Pedro, California.

</doc>
<doc id="6942160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942160" title="Billy Bulger">
Billy Bulger



</doc>
<doc id="6942178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942178" title="Sirous Dinmohammadi">
Sirous Dinmohammadi

Sirous Dinmohammadi (; born 2 July 1970) is an Iranian football coach and a former player who is the manager of Paykan. As a player, he represented the Iran national team for nearly a decade. 
Club career.
He most notably played for Tractor and Esteghlal.
International career.
Dinmohammadi made 40 appearances for the Iran national football team and participated in the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6942192" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942192" title="Dolny Badin">
Dolny Badin



</doc>
<doc id="6942193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942193" title="Drazovce">
Drazovce



</doc>
<doc id="6942197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942197" title="Paykan (football)">
Paykan (football)



</doc>
<doc id="6942200" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942200" title="Noticiarios y Documentales">
Noticiarios y Documentales



</doc>
<doc id="6942206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942206" title="Namelist of Bulgarian Rulers">
Namelist of Bulgarian Rulers



</doc>
<doc id="6942208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942208" title="She's So Cold">
She's So Cold

"She's So Cold" is a song recorded by The Rolling Stones, released in September 1980 on the "Emotional Rescue" album. It was also issued as the second single from the album, with "Send It to Me" as the B-side. Due to the song's lyric "she's so goddamned cold", the promotional copy sent to radio stations had a "cleaned up version" on one side, with the "God damn version" on the other.
Reception.
"Billboard" called it a "torchy rock attack." "Record World" said that "Keith [Richards] and Mick [Jagger] have typical woman problems here, but they're hot as ever."
Charts.
The single peaked at number 33 in the UK Singles Chart and number 26 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in November 1980. Along with the tracks, "Dance" and "Emotional Rescue", "She's So Cold" went to number nine on the Disco Top 100 chart.

</doc>
<doc id="6942210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942210" title="Jervois Report">
Jervois Report



</doc>
<doc id="6942214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942214" title="Emmanuele De Gregorio">
Emmanuele De Gregorio



</doc>
<doc id="6942219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942219" title="Nikki Garrett">
Nikki Garrett

Nicole Maree "Nikki" Garrett (born 8 January 1984) is an Australian professional golfer.
Garrett turned professional in late 2005, and qualified for the 2006 Ladies European Tour (LET). She did not win a tournament in her rookie season, but she had four top-ten finishes, ended up 12th on the Order of Merit standings with €99,445 in earnings, and won the 2006 Ryder Cup Wales Rookie of the Year award. In 2007, she collected back to back LET titles at the Tenerife Ladies Open and the Open de Espana Femenino.
Team appearances.
Amateur
Professional

</doc>
<doc id="6942223" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942223" title="76 mm mountain gun M1938">
76 mm mountain gun M1938

The 76 mm mountain gun M1938 (Russian: 76-мм горная пушка обр. 1938 г.) was a Soviet gun used in World War II.
In 1937, USSR got a license for Skoda 75 mm M1936 mountain gun in exchange for license production of Tupolev SB in Czechoslovakia; subsequently, in 1937-1938 a team led by L. I. Gorlitskiy at "Plant no 7" developed a modification eventually adopted as "76 mm mountain gun M1938".
The gun had high elevation angle and could be quickly dismantled for transporting by pack horses. Sprung wheels allowed high towing speed. The gun was light enough to be moved in combat by its crew.
By 1 June 1941, the Red Army possessed about 1068 pieces. In addition to mountain units, the weapon was issued to some airborne units.
In Wehrmacht service the gun was designated as 7.62 cm GebK 307(r). The Finnish army operated five captured pieces, known as 76 VK 38.

</doc>
<doc id="6942227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942227" title="Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War Of The Worlds">
Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War Of The Worlds



</doc>
<doc id="6942230" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942230" title="Love Among Thieves">
Love Among Thieves

Love Among Thieves is a 1987 American romantic thriller television film directed by Roger Young, starring Audrey Hepburn, Robert Wagner, Patrick Bauchau, Jerry Orbach, Brion James, and Samantha Eggar. It premiered on ABC on February 23, 1987. The ending left the door open for either a sequel or possibly a television series, but neither eventuated. Reportedly, Hepburn donated her salary to UNICEF. "Love Among Thieves" is notable for several reasons. It was the only made-for-television film in which Hepburn appeared (although she had done some live drama productions in the 1950s). It was also the last film in which she took a starring role (her next, and final, film performance in 1989's "Always" was a cameo).
This was the first Hepburn film since 1981's "They All Laughed". It contains a number of intentional references to Hepburn's earlier films, mostly in dialogue, although the basic plot borrows from her 1960s films "Charade", "Paris, When It Sizzles" ‘Wait Until Dark’ and "How to Steal a Million". The film includes her final on-screen kiss (with Wagner).
On October 6, 2009, the film became available on DVD through the Warner Archive Collection.
Premise.
Baroness and concert pianist, Caroline DuLac, steals three jewel-encrusted Fabergé eggs from a San Francisco museum. The eggs are demanded as ransom for her kidnapped fiancé in Latin America. She boards a plane for the Latin American city of Ladera, as per instructions, and is met by a drifter named Mike Chambers.
Caroline first believes that Mike is one of the kidnappers, until a mysterious man in a trench coat tries to kill her and Mike comes to the rescue. They are both captured by a band of Mexican bandits, who also may or may not be part of the scheme. Meanwhile, the couple are pursued by Spicer, a hired thug assigned to retrieve the loot.

</doc>
<doc id="6942233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942233" title="George James Welbore Agar-Ellis, 1st Baron Dover">
George James Welbore Agar-Ellis, 1st Baron Dover



</doc>
<doc id="6942235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942235" title="Informa">
Informa

Informa plc is a British publishing, business intelligence, and exhibitions group based in London, England. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
It has offices in 30 countries and around 12,000 employees. Informa owns numerous brands including Fan Expo, VidCon, Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, CRC Press, Routledge, and Taylor &amp; Francis.
History.
Informa itself was created in 1998 by the merger of IBC Group plc (formerly International Business Communications) and LLP Group plc (publisher of "Lloyd's List"). Since then Informa has expanded considerably, including a 2003 purchase of "PJB" publisher PJB, 2004 merger with the publishing company Taylor &amp; Francis and a 2005 acquisition of IIR Holdings, a human capital development company, for £768 million. In October 2006, the company was approached by Springer Science and Business Media in a takeover bid, but in early November the Informa board rejected the 630p per share offer as too low.
In early 2007, chairman Richard Hooper announced his retirement in May and, after consulting with major shareholders, the company moved chief executive Peter Rigby to chairman, and managing director David Gilbertson to Rigby's former post. Informa explained Rigby's move by the need to maintain management stability, although it generated some controversy because it did not follow the advice of the UK's Combined Code on Corporate Governance.
On 8 June 2008, "The Sunday Telegraph" revealed that United Business Media (UBM) had proposed a merger with Informa to create a media group worth over £3 billion. The talks were confirmed by Informa in a press release that same day, but described as "preliminary". Previously on 13 May "The Times" had reported that the Carlyle Group and Apax Partners were considering bidding for the company. On 17 June talks with UBM ended because of the rapid rise in Informa's stock price after the public disclosure of the potential merger. On 26 June a private equity consortium consisting of Providence Equity Partners, the Carlyle Group and Hellman &amp; Friedman proposed a takeover bid offering 506 pence per share.
In May 2009 the company announced that it would restructure its business to be incorporated in Jersey but tax resident in Switzerland.
The discontinued domain Informaworld provided subscribers with more than half a million journal articles and 13,000 e-books from all its imprints. In June 2011 the journals and e-books transferred to a new website, Taylor &amp; Francis Online. Abstracting and indexing databases and bibliographic databases were to move from Informaworld to Taylor &amp; Francis Online at a later date.
In July 2013, the company announced that Peter Rigby would retire at the end of 2013 to be replaced as CEO by Stephen Carter. Also in 2013, Informa acquired the Canadian company Hobby Star Marketing, who ran the Fan Expo Canada and Toronto Comicon comic book conventions. Informa has since acquired other conventions and placed them under the auspices of their Fan Expo HQ brand, including Dallas Comic Con and MegaCon.
In December 2013, Informa acquired the assets of Elsevier Business Intelligence (EBI) from Reed Elsevier. The EBI business unit includes such publications as The Pink Sheet, The Gray Sheet, IN VIVO, Start-Up, and the Strategic Transactions database along with a series of notable conferences. The EBI assets combined with Scrip, Datamonitor and several other publications formed the newly created Pharma Intelligence division of Informa Business Information.
In January 2014, Carter became CEO of Informa plc. In September 2017, Informa announced that it would be acquiring Dove Medical Press.
In January 2018, Informa announced its intent to acquire UBM plc as part of its strategy to expand in North America and Asia. The transaction was completed in June 2018.
In 2019, Informa sold the former UBM Life Sciences to MJH Associates. Later in 2019, Informa traded it Agriculture Intelligence unit to IHS Markit in exchange for most of IHS Markit's Technology, Media and Telecoms division. Also in 2019, Informa sold the former Penton design &amp; engineering, manufacturing, energy, buildings, and commercial vehicle divisions, and the former UBM Automotive, to Endeavor Business Media.
In February 2020, Informa launched Omdia by consolidating its portfolio of market analyst companies, Ovum Ltd, Heavy Reading, Tractica, and the majority of IHS Markit's technology, media and telecommunications research business, into a unified brand. The combined research offering includes more than 400 analysts and consultants covering 150 technology markets. Collectively, Omdia issues over 3,000 research reports annually.
In February 2022, Informa sold its Informa Pharma Intelligence unit to investment fund, Warburg Pincus for $2.6 billion.
 It also sold "Lloyd's List" and EPFR to Montagu Private Equity in 2022.
In March 2023, in a cash and shares deal, Informa acquired the Irish Tarsus Group from Charterhouse Capital Partners for a reported GBP 790m.
In January 2024, Informa announced that it would merge the digital business of Informa Tech with TechTarget. The resulting company would keep the TechTarget name with Informa holding 57% stake and the existing TechTarget shareholders holding 43% stake in the merged TechTarget. The merger was completed with the business became Informa TechTarget in December 2024.
In June 2024, Informa closed two UK-based titles: Digital TV Europe and Television Business International.
In July 2024, the company reached a deal to acquire media and events company Ascential for approximately £1.2 billion. The transaction was completed in October 2024.
Operations.
Informa is organized into five operating divisions: Informa Connect, Informa Festivals, Informa Markets, Informa TechTarget, and Taylor &amp; Francis. The company also has a Global Support division.
In June 2021, John Rishton was appointed as chairman, replacing Derek Mapp.
Brands.
Informa owns numerous brands including:

</doc>
<doc id="6942239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942239" title="Hammock camping">
Hammock camping

Hammock camping is a form of camping in which a camper sleeps in a suspended hammock rather than a conventional tent on the ground. Due to the absence of poles and the reduced amount of material used, hammocks can be lighter than a tent, though this is not always the case. Most hammocks will also require less space in a pack than a similar occupancy tent. In foul weather, a tarp is suspended above the hammock to keep the rain off of the camper. Mosquito netting, sometimes integrated into the camping hammock itself, is also used as climatic conditions warrant. Camping hammocks are used by campers who are looking for lighter weight, protection from ground-dwelling insects, or other ground complications such as sloped ground, rocky terrain and flooded terrain.
History.
The hammock was developed in Pre-Columbian Latin America and continues to be produced widely throughout the region, among the Urarina of the Peruvian Amazon, for several years in Ghana, and presently throughout North America, Europe, and Australia. The origin of the hammock remains unknown, though many maintain that it was created out of tradition and need. The word "hammock" comes from "hamaca", a Taino Indian word which means "thrown fishing net". On long fishing trips, the Taíno would sleep in their nets, safe from snakes and other dangerous creatures.
Appeal of hammock camping.
The primary appeal of hammock camping for most users is comfort and better sleep, as compared to sleeping on a pad on the ground. Enthusiasts argue that hammocks don't harm the environment in the way that conventional tents do. Most hammocks attach to trees via removable webbing straps, or "tree-huggers," which do not damage the bark and leave little or no marks afterward. Whereas it's easy to see a frequently used campground because of the effect on the grass, scrub and topsoil, the presence of a hammock camping site is much harder to detect. This has found favour with hikers and campers who follow the principles of Leave No Trace camping. Hammock camping also opens up many more sites for campers - stony ground, slopes, and so on - as well as keeping them off the ground and away from small mammals, reptiles and insects. Sleeping off the ground also keeps the camper out of any rainwater runoff that might seep in under a tent during a downpour. The relatively light weight of hammocks makes them ideal for reducing backpack weight, making it a good option for ultralight backpacking enthusiasts.
One of the benefits of hammock camping, however, can also be a significant drawback. A suspended hammock allows for a cooling air flow to surround the camper in hot weather. However, this also makes it harder to stay warm when temperatures plummet, either during the evening or seasonally, as a sleeping bag will be compressed under a camper's weight, reducing its ability to trap air and provide insulation. 
When deciding to commit to hammock camping most "hangers" trade their sleeping bags for down-filled or synthetic quilts. The quilts are divided into two different types, top quilts (TQ) and under quilts (UQ). The UQ is suspended underneath the hammock so the weight of the hanger doesn't compress the baffles, thus providing air pockets for one's body to heat and keep one warm. Concurrently the TQ is just a down blanket, with some having the ability to make a small box for the feet. Essentially, it is just the top half of a sleeping bag. Because a sleeping bag's underside is compressed, it loses its insulating properties. A TQ cuts the unnecessary material to save weight and fabric. The TQ/UQ sleep system is not only warm, but each quilt packs into the size of a grapefruit, or smaller, depending on temperature rating. Some hammocks are designed with an extra layer of fabric, or a series of large pockets, on the bottom. Insulating material, such as foam, quilting, aluminum windscreen reflectors, clothes, or even dead leaves and brush from the campsite is stuffed between the bottom layers or inside the bottom pockets to create a buffer between the camper and the cold outside air. While the above solutions, except for the found materials, add weight and bulk to the hammock, some approaches use an ultralight open cell foam with a mylar space blanket to mitigate this increase in weight. 
Another drawback is that a camping hammock requires two trees close enough to hang it from, and strong enough to support the sleeper's weight. This can be a limitation depending on the environment; at higher elevations, trees are more sparse. In these situations hammock campers may bring along a light groundsheet and "go to ground" using their hammock as a ground tent.
Suspension systems, tarpaulins, and amenities.
One of the unique concepts of hammock camping is the new diversity of suspension systems and add-ons which campers use in making their hammock set-up unique and functional. The line on which the hammock's weight is held is often swapped for a variety of lighter weight suspension made of Dyneema or other UHMWPE material. These reduce both weight and bulk. Many use similar lines formed into a constriction knot (colloquially referred to by the brand name "Whoopie Slings") for quick adjustment and setup. These may be connected to the webbing straps ("tree huggers") using a lightweight toggle or a carabiner, or more uniquely designed connectors such as Evo loops or specialized metal hardware.
Some hammocks are designed with a dedicated tarpaulin. Others come without a tarpaulin, with the understanding the user will select the size and style of tarpaulin which best fits their needs. There are many ways in which hammock campers hang their tarpaulin. In some, the tarpaulin is connected to the hammock's suspension line using a system of mitten hooks and plastic connectors. In others the tarpaulin is hung separately using either the hammock's integrated ridge line, or a separate ridge line placed under or over the tarpaulin.
Some tarps have an asymmetrical pattern which matches the shape of the hammock, but the majority of hammock campers use a hex-shaped tarpaulin, many of which have a catenary shape for strength against wind and reduction in size and weight. The diamond-shape tarpaulin is also used by some.
Additional amenities for tarpaulins include removable tarpaulin doors (nylon pieces added to the main openings in cold or windy weather). Different designs of tarpaulin line tensioners are sometimes used to keep tarpaulin lines tight.

</doc>
<doc id="6942243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942243" title="Escheriosome">
Escheriosome



</doc>
<doc id="6942245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942245" title="Michael Dobson (Rugby)">
Michael Dobson (Rugby)



</doc>
<doc id="6942249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942249" title="Paydirt">
Paydirt

Paydirt or Pay dirt, in the field of mining, refers to dirt, rock, or other raw materials which contains (or may contain) profitable quantities of ore or other valuable materials. By analogy it may also refer to any profitable enterprise.
The term may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6942250" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942250" title="Dick Lester">
Dick Lester



</doc>
<doc id="6942251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942251" title="Fasta Aland">
Fasta Aland



</doc>
<doc id="6942252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942252" title="Edwin Cheruiyot Soi">
Edwin Cheruiyot Soi



</doc>
<doc id="6942255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942255" title="PC Bang">
PC Bang



</doc>
<doc id="6942257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942257" title="PC-bang">
PC-bang



</doc>
<doc id="6942262" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942262" title="Dutch in Seven Lessons">
Dutch in Seven Lessons

Dutch in Seven Lessons ("Nederlands in zeven lessen") is a 1948 film produced in the Netherlands. Audrey Hepburn made her film debut playing a KLM flight attendant in a small role. It was originally shot as part of an English documentary series on aspects of the Netherlands but later expanded to feature film length for an unsuccessful domestic release. Their running times were 39 and 79 minutes respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="6942263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942263" title="Minority administration">
Minority administration



</doc>
<doc id="6942264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942264" title="Wild Side (1995 film)">
Wild Side (1995 film)

Wild Side is a 1995 erotic thriller film co-written and directed by Donald Cammell and starring Anne Heche in her first lead role, along with Christopher Walken, Joan Chen, Steven Bauer, and Allen Garfield. It was Cammell's final film before his suicide in April 1996.
The film had a troubled production history. Cammell's original version of the film that featured a non-linear narrative was recut without his permission by the production company Nu Image, with the new cut emphasizing the sex scenes, turning it into an exploitation picture with an incoherent story. "Wild Side" initially was a straight-to-video release.
A director's cut was reconstructed according to Cammell's original intentions by film editor Frank Mazzola and writer China Kong, which recreated the non-linear construction, creating an avant-garde film with a new musical score. This version was released in 2000 and was well-received by some critics. It is considered by many to be a cult film.
The film gained some notoriety for the strong lesbian sex scene between Heche and Chen featured in the unrated version, which the production company Nu Image used to market the film starting in 1997, during Anne Heche's famous relationship with Ellen DeGeneres.
Synopsis.
Alex Lee is a bank employee struggling to pay the mortgage on her beachfront home in Los Angeles. As a result, she secretly moonlights at night as a high-class call girl. Her most frequent client is Bruno Buckingham, an eccentric but dangerous money launderer who enjoys engaging in sadomasochism with Alex as a dominatrix.
The paranoid Bruno suspects that there is a mole in his inner circle. Despite developing feelings for Alex, Bruno orders his driver Tony to drop Alex off one night and look for any proof of whether she is the mole. Alex gives Tony a fake address to drop her off, but he manages to follow Alex to her real residence. Surprising Alex at home, Tony ends up raping her. Afterward, he reveals to Alex that he is actually an undercover cop, and therefore the real mole. Tony ultimately blackmails Alex into helping him take down Bruno or face being arrested for prostitution.
Alex tries to report Tony’s rape to one of his police supervisors. Unfortunately, the officer not only protects Tony but also subtly threatens to arrest Alex if she even files a report on the rape. She also gets no help from her boss at the bank, who is angrier about Alex being unable to land clients for the bank through her moonlighting. With no help from anyone, Alex is forced to be Tony’s informant.
Tony instructs Alex that Bruno plans to move more than $375,000 of dirty money into a dummy business account set to be opened at Alex’s bank for a Chinese-based company called “Foot Fetish”. Alex is introduced to Virginia Chow, the company CEO who is opening the account. To her surprise, the normally cool-headed Alex starts falling for Virginia, and vice versa. A problem arises when Alex learns that Virginia was actually married to Bruno at one point and is still involved with him, even though the relationship is now more of a business arrangement with Bruno using Virginia to move around his money. Despite this, the two women begin having an affair.
Meanwhile, Tony is under pressure from his police superior to finish building the case against Bruno, who is planning to use a computer disk system (through Alex) to steal large amounts of money from Alex’s bank using the Foot Fetish account. Subsequently, Tony is concerned about Bruno himself, who still suspects that either Alex or someone close to him is working with the cops to take him down, despite Tony working hard to keep both Alex and him from being found out.
Still under Tony’s thumb and with her bank manager threatening to fire her and keep her from finding another job elsewhere, Alex schemes to steal the Foot Fetish money herself and leave the country, most likely for Guadalajara or China. She asks Virginia to come with her, having fully fallen in love. However, when she decides to tell Virginia not only about her own relationship with Bruno but about her being forced to be an informant against him, Virginia feels betrayed, believing that Alex was only using her to bring down Bruno.
In despair, Virginia breaks up with Alex, returns to Bruno’s apartment, and attempts suicide with an overdose of pills. Tony and Bruno manage to find her just in time, unconscious but still alive, though Bruno nearly has a breakdown at almost losing her.
Things come to a head during a tense dinner at Bruno’s apartment. Though Bruno still doesn’t know Tony is a cop, he does find out about Tony’s earlier rape of Alex. He in turn (with Alex watching) forces Tony to strip down and he proceeds to simulate a similar kind of anal rape on Tony as punishment. Afterward, Tony and Bruno proceed to get drunk and spend time admiring each other’s guns. Meanwhile, Alex finds Virginia in one of the bedrooms, still recovering from her suicide attempt. Seeing that Alex truly loves her and that she only lied to protect them both, Virginia forgives Alex, and the two embrace as Virginia agrees to run away with her.
Alex manages to help Virginia barely escape Bruno’s apartment, and Tony’s plans to arrest her along with Bruno (and likely rape her as well). Alex, meanwhile, manages to steal the computer disk Bruno was going to use for the cyber theft of Alex’s bank. Tony, piecing everything together, angrily confronts Alex at her home later that night and demands the stolen disk at gunpoint. Even after giving him the disk, Tony still threatens to either kill Alex or put her away in prison as punishment for double-crossing him. Unbeknownst to both of them, Bruno also shows up at the house, having followed them. Finally realizing that Tony is the undercover cop, Bruno shoots Tony multiple times. Tony survives thanks to wearing a bulletproof vest, even though that doesn’t stop Bruno from shooting the vest again in anger. Knowing that Alex is not in love with him but with Virginia, Bruno reluctantly lets her (and, by extension, Virginia) go. He and Alex hug each other goodbye, and he proceeds to make his escape in his helicopter, leaving behind Alex and a defeated Tony.
Alex transfers the $375,000 from the “Foot Fetish” account Virginia had opened into its previous bank account in Shanghai. In a voiceover, Alex reveals that she and Virginia decided to travel to Mexico by bus and, from there, sail by ship to China. The movie ends with the two women on the bus crossing the border, ready to embrace their new life together.
Versions.
There are three different versions of the film. Cammell committed suicide shortly after seeing it drastically re-edited by its producers. A "director's cut" version by Cammell's wife and co-screenwriter China Kong and his editor and sometime producer Frank Mazzola was released in 2000 and was noted by critics. The film is known for its graphic lesbian love scenes between stars Joan Chen and Anne Heche. The scenes proved controversial to the point that after "Wild Side"'s initial airings on HBO, the network subsequently chose to air a version of the film with those portions deleted.
Cammell's suicide.
On the night of 24 April 1996, Cammell shot himself in the head in his Hollywood Hills home. His friends told the media that he suffered from long-term chronic depression. Cammell's depression reportedly was exacerbated by the studio's recutting his recent movie "Wild Side" without his permission.

</doc>
<doc id="6942266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942266" title="F1 Pole Position">
F1 Pole Position

F1 Pole Position may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6942268" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942268" title="Organ of zuckerkandl">
Organ of zuckerkandl



</doc>
<doc id="6942271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942271" title="Ali Latifi">
Ali Latifi

Ali Latifi (, born February 20, 1976) is a retired Iranian football (soccer) player. He was a member of the Iran national football team in the 1998 World Cup.
Club career.
Latifi has played for several clubs in Iran, namely Bahman, PAS Tehran, Esteghlal, Aboumoslem. He also played for Admira Wacker in the 2001–02 season, and appeared for the club five times without scoring any goals.
International career.
He was a member of the Iran national football team and participated at the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="6942272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942272" title="Britt mckillip">
Britt mckillip



</doc>
<doc id="6942274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942274" title="Edwin Soi">
Edwin Soi

Edwin Cheruiyot Soi (born 3 March 1986) is a Kenyan professional long-distance runner who specialises in the 3000 and 5000 metres. He is a two-time Olympian for Kenya.
His earliest honours were team gold medals with Kenya at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships in 2006 and 2007. Soi has had his success on the track – he was the 5000 m bronze medallist at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and was highly successful at the IAAF World Athletics Final, taking three gold and three silver medals from 2006 to 2008. He became the continental champion on the track at the 2010 African Championships in Athletics and was the 3000 m bronze medallist at the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships.
Soi has won numerous 10K road races in his career; he has won three times consecutively at the BOclassic, Memorial Peppe Greco and Giro Media Blenio races, and has had four straight wins at the Giro al Sas. His personal best for the distance is 27:46 minutes.
Career.
Early races.
Soi had his first running successes when undertaking a tour of races in Spain in 2004. He won the Cursa Bombers 10K in Barcelona and won a second 10K race in Madrid that November. His first opportunity to represent Kenya internationally came in 2006, as he gained selection for the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships with a fourth-place finish at the national short cross country race. He finished in eighth place in the short race and helped Kenya to the team gold medal, alongside Isaac Kiprono Songok, Benjamin Limo and Augustine Kiprono Choge.
The 2006 season also brought him further success on the road circuit as he won both the Giro Media Blenio and the 10 km du Conseil Général 13 in Marseille, setting a career best time of 27:46 minutes at the latter race. He took part on the Golden League circuit for the first time that year and marked himself out as one of the top runners over 3000 and 5000 metres – he was second to Kenenisa Bekele at the Meeting Gaz de France with a 5000 m best time of 12:52.40 and won at the Athletissima meet. He capped of his track season with two silver medals at the 2006 IAAF World Athletics Final, beaten to the gold medals by brothers Kenenisa and Tariku Bekele.
The 2007 IAAF World Cross Country Championships were held in Mombasa and, after a win at the Cross Ouest France, he earned selection for the national team. In a Kenyan-dominated race, Soi took ninth place with five of his compatriots finishing ahead of him. He retained both his 10K titles at the Giro Media Blenio and in Marseille. After a number of top three finishes on the track circuit, he hoped to qualify for the 2007 World Championships in Athletics. A fourth place at the trials saw him narrowly miss out on selection, although his track season had a successful culmination with a 3000/5000 m double at the 2007 IAAF World Athletics Final. This made him the first Kenyan to win both events at the competition. He ran at a New Year's Eve race in Bolzano, the BOclassic, and took the victory in the 10K race.
Olympic medal.
After running an indoor 3000 m personal best of 7:36.70 in Valencia, Soi was chosen to compete in the event at the 2008 IAAF World Indoor Championships. Despite being the fastest qualifier for the final, he slipped behind the leaders and finished in fourth place. He won his first Olympic medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He failed to build upon his Olympic success at the 2009 World Championships as he was ill-prepared for the Kenyan Trials and missed out on a place in the Kenyan team. In September 2009, he won his second Memorial Peppe Greco in Scicli – an achievement only matched by Haile Gebrselassie and Martin Lel.
Soi became the continental champion at the 2010 African Championships in Athletics, winning the men's 5000 m title. He was selected to represent Africa at the 2010 IAAF Continental Cup but managed only fourth place. He took his third 10K victory in Scicli in September. He also defended his title at the Giro al Sas 10K race in Trento, seeing off a challenge from Wilson Busienei in the final stages. He signalled his return to cross country running that November with a third-place finish at the Oeiras Cross Country in Portugal. He attempted a fourth straight win at the BOclassic, but was beaten into third place by Imane Merga and Mo Farah. In the 2011 track season he ran two personal bests: he ran 7:27.55 min over 3000 m to take second at the 2011 Diamond League meet in Doha, then set a two-mile best of 8:14.10 min at the Prefontaine Classic (where he was runner-up to Bernard Lagat). He did not make the Kenyan team for the 2011 World Championships in Athletics. Soi had a third consecutive win at the Giro al Sas race that October and ended the year with his fourth career win at the BOClassic.
In his first race of 2012, he edged Vincent Chepkok at the line to win the Campaccio race. An indoor personal best of 7:29.94 minutes for the 3000 m earned him a place at the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships, where he won his second global medal in the form of the 3000 m bronze. He qualified for the Kenyan Olympic team for a second time, but failed to make the 5000 m final at the 2012 London Olympics, placing sixth in his heat. On the roads that year, he edged out Thomas Longosiwa to take his fourth career win at the Media Blenio race in April and had a fourth straight win at the Giro al Sas.
In 2013 he focused on 5000 m track running and began his year by ending Mo Farah's year-and-a-half winning streak, beating the Olympic champion at the Prefontaine Classic. He was only fifth at the Golden Gala but a third place at the Kenyan trials guaranteed his selection for the 2013 World Championships in Athletics. He ran a personal best and meeting record of 12:51.34 minutes at the Herculis meeting a month before the World 5000 m final, but at the championship race he finished out of the medals in fifth place. He ended the track season at the Memorial Van Damme and came fourth. In October he retained the Giro al Sas title yet again.
Personal bests.
"Source:" 

</doc>
<doc id="6942275" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942275" title="Hosea Mwok Macharinyang">
Hosea Mwok Macharinyang



</doc>
<doc id="6942277" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942277" title="East Lancs Esteem">
East Lancs Esteem



</doc>
<doc id="6942282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942282" title="Monte Carlo Baby">
Monte Carlo Baby

Monte Carlo Baby is a 1951 comedy film co-directed by Jean Boyer and Lester Fuller. It featured an early performance by Audrey Hepburn playing a spoiled actress. Most Hepburn biographies indicate that it was during the filming of this film that Hepburn was first discovered by the playwright Colette and chosen for the lead role in the play "Gigi", which would lead to Hepburn launching her acting career in Hollywood (though see "Secret People (film)" for an alternative account that suggests she was discovered by a film producer via that movie). In any event, this was the last movie Hepburn made before launching her Hollywood film career.
"Monte Carlo Baby" was produced in the English language, while a second version of the film was made in French. Since Hepburn was fluent in French, she played the same role (although the character's name was changed). This version of the film was released in 1951 as "Nous irons à Monte Carlo" ("We're Going to Monte Carlo").

</doc>
<doc id="6942284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942284" title="Artist's Shit">
Artist's Shit

Artist's Shit (Italian: ) is a 1961 anti-artwork by Piero Manzoni. The work consists of 90 tin cans, each reportedly filled with of feces, and measuring , with a label in Italian, English, French, and German stating:
Inspiration and interpretations.
At the time the piece was created, Manzoni was producing works that explored the relationship between art production and human production, "Artist's Breath" (), a series of balloons filled with his own breath, being an example. In December 1961, Manzoni wrote in a letter to his friend Ben Vautier:
Another friend, Enrico Baj, said that the cans were meant as "an act of defiant mockery of the art world, artists, and art criticism". "Artist's Shit" has been interpreted in relation to Karl Marx's idea of commodity fetishism and Marcel Duchamp's readymades. In September 2021, YBA artist Gavin Turk made a piece called "Artist's Piss" where he canned his own urine and sold it for its weight in silver.
Value.
A tin was sold for €124,000 at Sotheby's on May 23, 2007. In October 2008, tin 83 was offered for sale at Sotheby's with an estimate of £50,000–70,000. It sold for £97,250. On October 16, 2015, tin 54 was sold at Christies for £182,500. In August 2016, at an art auction in Milan, one of the tins sold for a new record of €275,000, including auction fees. The tins were originally to be valued according to their equivalent weight in gold – $37 each in 1961 – with the price fluctuating according to the market.
Contents of the cans.
One of Manzoni's former friends, Agostino Bonalumi, claimed that the tins are full not of feces but plaster. The cans are steel, and thus cannot be x-rayed or scanned to determine the contents, and opening a can would cause it to lose its value; as a result, the true contents of "Artist's Shit" are unknown. Bernard Bazile exhibited a partially opened can of "Artist's Shit" in 1989, titling it "Opened can of Piero Manzoni" (). The can's contents were difficult to identify on sight, being variously described as "paper wrapping with unidentified contents", "an unidentifiable wrapped object", and "a can within a can". Bazile did not attempt to extract or open the inner object.
The piece received media coverage due to a lawsuit in the mid-1990s, when an art museum in Randers, Denmark, was accused by art collector John Hunov of causing leakage of a can which had been on display at the museum in 1994. Allegedly, the museum had stored the can at irresponsibly high temperatures. The lawsuit ended with the museum paying a 250,000 Danish kroner settlement to the collector, approximately US$35,000.

</doc>
<doc id="6942285" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942285" title="Tom Happold">
Tom Happold

Thomas Edmund Happold was Head of Multimedia of Guardian News Media. He previously worked on the BBC Ten O'clock News and Channel 4 News. He was previously Deputy Editor of Comment is free.
Since 2013 Happold has run Happen Digital, a digital production and consultancy company. As of 2015 he is also Executive Editor of the LabourList blog, and was chair of the Young Fabians during the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="6942302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942302" title="Hosea Macharinyang">
Hosea Macharinyang

Hosea Mwok Macharinyang (12 June 1986 – 9 October 2021) was a Kenyan professional runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres and cross-country running. He won three consecutive team titles with Kenya at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships from 2006 to 2008.
Career.
Like many Kenyan elite athletes, Hosea first began running while traveling to and from school. In 2004 he came second in the junior race at the Kenyan Cross Country Championships and was later selected for the world championship team. As a cross country junior athlete he came sixth at the World Cross Championships that year, improving to fourth place the following year. Macharinyang made his first appearances on the track in 2004 and after a fourth place over 10,000 metres at the 2004 World Junior Championships in Athletics, he went on to take the silver medal at the 2005 African Junior Athletics Championships. He moved up to the senior ranks at the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and helped Kenya to the team medal with his sixth-place finish in the long race. Further team golds came at the 2007 and 2008 events, where he was fifth and eleventh overall, respectively.
He won the 2007 Great Edinburgh Run and made his half marathon debut at the 2008 Stramilano, finishing fifth. An Achilles tendon injury in the middle of 2008 interrupted his career and after five straight international selections for the World Cross Country Championships, he missed the 2009 edition.
He returned to fitness in November 2009 and was the winner of the Tuskys Wareng Cross Country. He came ninth at the 2010 World Cross but missed out on a team placing as the fifth Kenyan finisher. He ran a half marathon best of 1:01:38 hours for fifth at the 2010 Udine Half Marathon. A tenth-place finish at the 2011 IAAF World Cross Country Championships saw him again finish outside of the Kenyan team.
He came third at the 2011 Cross Internacional de Itálica behind fellow Kenyans Leonard Komon and Mathew Kisorio. He was fourth at August's Beach to Beacon 10K and in September he entered the Philadelphia Half Marathon, but was three minutes behind the winner Matthew Kisorio. He returned to cross country in December and finished third at the Cross de la Constitución.

</doc>
<doc id="6942304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942304" title="Greg Weeks">
Greg Weeks



</doc>
<doc id="6942306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942306" title="Laughter in Paradise">
Laughter in Paradise

Laughter in Paradise is a 1951 British comedy film directed by Mario Zampi, starring Alastair Sim, Fay Compton, George Cole, and Guy Middleton. It was written by Jack Davies and Michael Pertwee.
The film was remade as "Some Will, Some Won't" in 1970.
Plot.
In his will, notorious practical joker Henry Russell leaves £50,000 to each of his four surviving relatives, provided they first perform prescribed tasks that are completely contrary to their natures.
Law-abiding retired army officer Deniston Russell, who writes lurid crime novels under several pen names, has a week to get himself arrested and jailed for exactly 28 days. Difficult, snobbish Agnes Russell has to find employment as a domestic servant in a middle-class home, again within a week, and keep her position for a month. Simon Russell, a penniless womanising con man, has to marry the first single woman he speaks to. Timid Herbert Russell has to hold up the bank manager he works for in his office, using a mask and a toy pistol, and obtain the bank keys for two minutes.
Deniston is thwarted repeatedly in his attempts, but finally manages to complete his task by smashing a shop window and assaulting a policeman. It costs him his fiancée Elizabeth when he is brought up before the magistrate, Elizabeth's father, but his secretary Sheila reveals her love for him and promises to stand by him.
Agnes finds work with the irascible, demanding Gordon Webb. When Gordon sacks her, she begs to stay for a month, finally offering to pay him £1000. He does change his mind, if only for the enjoyment of tormenting her further. He also hires a private detective, Roger Godfrey, to find out what she is up to. Roger falls in love with Gordon's long-suffering daughter Joan, who is unwilling to marry him as her father depends on her. After Agnes persuades the girl to seize the chance of happiness, Gordon first sacks her and then calls round to take her out to dinner.
Though the first single woman Simon speaks to is Frieda, a cigarette girl in a club he frequents, being in search of richer prey he breaks his promise. An attractive but suspiciously available young woman called Lucille scoops him up and, once they are married, reveals that she is the penniless niece of his butler, in whom he unwisely confided.
When Herbert finally gathers the nerve to go through with his assignment, he inadvertently foils an actual robbery and becomes a hero, plastered across the front pages of the press. He is rewarded with a branch managership. Susan, a fellow bank employee, is proud and happy to be his girl.
Then the executor gathers the four heirs together and informs them that there is in fact no money left. The whole exercise was Henry's last practical joke. Agnes, Deniston and Herbert burst into laughter. Simon is annoyed at first, until he looks out of the window at his conniving and equally unscrupulous wife, who is waiting for him with a bottle of champagne. Then he too joins in the merriment.
Cast.
Eleanor Summerfield and Noel Howlett both appeared, although in different roles, in the 1970 remake "Some Will, Some Won't".
Production.
This was Hepburn's first professional appearance on film (save for a brief role in a 1948 Dutch film entitled "Dutch in Seven Lessons" and a bit part in 1951's "One Wild Oat"), with her two scenes as a cigarette girl totalling 43 seconds. They were recreated by Jennifer Love Hewitt in the 2000 biopic "The Audrey Hepburn Story". Anthony Steel also has a small role. The film's editor Giulio Zampi would go on to produce the 1970 remake "Some Will, Some Won't".
Reception.
Box office.
"Laughter in Paradise" was the fourth most popular film at the British box-office in 1951.
Critical.
"The Monthly Film Bulletin" wrote: "As a whole, although the script contains some genuinely amusing ideas, neither script writers nor director have achieved the pace, invention and style of high comedy. The flatness of the handling is particularly apparent in the two weakest episodes, which are only saved from banality by being cut into short scenes, thanks to the simultaneous narrative method. Many of the players are given opportunities only for conventional performances of the caricature type, such as Joyce Grenfell's schoolgirlish, overdone A.T.S. officer, Ronald Adam's pompous bank manager, and Leslie Dwyer's comic police sergeant. But the film owes most of its humour to two good performances: George Cole is restrained and amusing as the bank clerk; Alistair Sim is rich, outsize and comic as the writer."
"The New York Times" in November 1951 called the film a "merely pleasant, not especially surprising, comedy".
In modern reviews, the "Radio Times", David Parkinson gave the film four out of five stars, and praised the "fantastic performance of Alastair Sim as the henpecked thriller writer", adding, "the scene in which he tries to shoplift is one of the funniest in a career overladen with choice comic moments." 
"Britmovie" called the film "a sure-fire British comedy that's sprightly execution doesn’t leave many dull moments."

</doc>
<doc id="6942311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942311" title="Anegada Passage">
Anegada Passage

The Anegada Passage , also known as the Anegada Trough, is a strait in the Caribbean that separates the British Virgin Islands and the British ruled Sombrero Island of Anguilla, and connects the Caribbean and the Atlantic Ocean. It is 2300 m deep. Because the threshold depths are 1800 and 1600 m, Atlantic deep water from 1600 m level may flow into the deep areas in the Caribbean Sea.
The Anegada Passage is a key shipping lane for the Panama Canal. Often called the "Oh-my-god-a Passage", it is considered a difficult passage for sailors because of the winds, waves, and swells.
The Anegada Passage was the site of the 1867 Virgin Islands earthquake and subsequent tsunami.
Geographic extent.
The multiple fault lines, ridges, and basins, including the Virgin Islands Basin, Anegada Gap, and Sombrero Basin, that form part of the general trough stretching from the southeastern Puerto Rican mainland in the Caribbean Sea to the northeastern British Virgin Island of Anegada in the North Atlantic Ocean are often collectively grouped under the name of "Anegada Passage" or "Trough". 

</doc>
<doc id="6942312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942312" title="FC Kapaz Gandja">
FC Kapaz Gandja



</doc>
<doc id="6942313" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942313" title="Atxuri">
Atxuri

Atxuri is a neighborhood of Bilbao, Basque country, Spain. It was originally a suburb south of the old walled town. Modernly it stands between this neighborhood and those of Solokoetxe, Santutxu and the estuary of Bilbao. Administratively, it belongs to the 5th district of the city. It hosts Bilbao-Atxuri Station, the main EuskoTren railway station, that links Bilbao with San Sebastián and Bermeo.

</doc>
<doc id="6942315" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942315" title="One Wild Oat">
One Wild Oat

One Wild Oat is a 1951 British comedy film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Stanley Holloway, Robertson Hare and Sam Costa with pre-stardom appearances by Audrey Hepburn and Roger Moore as extras. The screenplay was by Vernon Sylvaine and Lawrence Huntington based on Sylvaine's 1948 play of the same title.
Plot.
Barrister Humphrey Proudfoot attempts to discourage his Cherrie's infatuation for Fred, a philanderer, by revealing Fred's past. The plan backfires when Alfred Gilbey, the daughter's would-be father-in-law, threatens to reveal the barrister's own shady background.
Production.
It was made at the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith with sets designed by the art director Ivan King.The stage production debuted at the Garrick Theatre in London and was directed by Jack Buchanan.
The stage version starred Robertson Hare, who reprised his role for the film, and Arthur Riscoe (who replaced Alfred Drayton following his death in 1949), the part being played by Stanley Holloway in the screen version. 
June Sylvaine, who played Cherrie Proudfoot in the stage and film versions, was the wife of Vernon Sylvaine.
Critical reception.
"The Monthly Film Bulletin" wrote: "This is a routine adaptation of the stage farce, cast in the familiar mould. Robertson Hare repeats his stage performance with gusto, and has a hardworking team-mate in Stanley Holloway. Innuendo-laden dialogue produces the requisite number of laughs."
"Variety" wrote: "A successful British stage farce of last season, "One Wild Oat" has been transferred to the screen with the minimum of adjustment. It is given the broad laughter treatment that invariably rates high with British audiences, but it cannot expect to make anything of impact on the U.S. market."

</doc>
<doc id="6942321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942321" title="FK Gandja">
FK Gandja



</doc>
<doc id="6942323" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942323" title="Joseph L. Mailman">
Joseph L. Mailman



</doc>
<doc id="6942324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942324" title="Young Wives' Tale">
Young Wives' Tale

Young Wives' Tale, also known as Fun for Four, is a 1951 British comedy film directed by Henry Cass and starring Joan Greenwood, Nigel Patrick, Derek Farr, and Guy Middleton. The film is based on the 1949 play "Young Wives' Tale" by Ronald Jeans. It features one of Audrey Hepburn's earliest film roles, albeit a minor one, as Eve Lester.
Plot.
During the post-World War II housing shortage, Bruce and Mary are a married couple who both have professional jobs and own their own house, and they let out rooms, including to another married couple, Rodney and Sabina, because Sabina is a friend of Mary. Both couples have an infant child, and the presence of a nanny for the two children exacerbates the problems caused by the crowding. Another young female lodger and Sabina's persistent old beau intensify the tensions.
Critical reception.
"TV Guide" noted "Broad humor is the order of the day," and rated the film 3/5 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="6942325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942325" title="FK Ganclarbirliyi Sumqayit">
FK Ganclarbirliyi Sumqayit



</doc>
<doc id="6942330" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942330" title="FK Inter Bakou">
FK Inter Bakou



</doc>
<doc id="6942333" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942333" title="Department of the Environment (Northern Ireland)">
Department of the Environment (Northern Ireland)

The Department of the Environment (DOE or DOENI; ; Ulster-Scots: "Männystrie o tha Kintraside") was a devolved Northern Irish government department in the Northern Ireland Executive. The Minister for the Environment was overall responsible for the department.
Aim.
The DOE's overall aim was to "work in partnership" with the public, private and voluntary sectors to promote the "economic and social welfare of the community" through "promoting sustainable
development and seeking to secure a better and safer environment for everyone".
The last Minister was Mark H. Durkan (Social Democratic and Labour Party).
Responsibilities.
The main policy responsibilities of the department were:
The DOE's main counterparts in the United Kingdom Government were:
In the Irish Government, its main counterparts were:
History.
The Ministry of Home Affairs was established on the formation of Northern Ireland in June 1921 and was responsible for a range of non-economic domestic matters, including local government. A separate Ministry of Health and Local Government was formed in 1944 and split in 1965 to create the Ministry of Development. An environment ministry existed in the 1974 Northern Ireland Executive, and the ministry was known as the Department of the Environment under direct rule.
The DoE is still used in everyday language in Northern Ireland to describe the Roads Service, which was once run by the department but is currently an agency of the separate Department for Regional Development.
Following a referendum on the Belfast Agreement on 23 May 1998 and the granting of royal assent to the Northern Ireland Act 1998 on 19 November 1998, a Northern Ireland Assembly and Northern Ireland Executive were established by the United Kingdom Government under Prime Minister Tony Blair. The process was known as devolution and was set up to return devolved legislative powers to Northern Ireland. DoE was one of the six direct rule Northern Ireland departments that continued in existence after devolution in December 1999 by the Northern Ireland Act 1998 and The Departments (Northern Ireland) Order 1999.
A devolved minister first took office on 2 December 1999. Devolution was suspended for four periods, during which the department came under the responsibility of direct rule ministers from the Northern Ireland Office:
Ministers of the Environment.
Direct rule ministers.
During the periods of suspension, the following ministers of the Northern Ireland Office were responsible for the department:

</doc>
<doc id="6942334" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942334" title="FK Shahdag-Samur Qusar">
FK Shahdag-Samur Qusar



</doc>
<doc id="6942337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942337" title="PFK Turan Tovuz">
PFK Turan Tovuz



</doc>
<doc id="6942341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942341" title="Secret People (film)">
Secret People (film)

Secret People is a 1952 British drama film directed by Thorold Dickinson and produced by Sidney Cole for Ealing Studios, with screenplay by Thorold Dickinson and Wolfgang Wilhelm, acknowledgement to Joyce Cary and additional dialogue by Christianna Brand. It stars Valentina Cortese, Serge Reggiani and Audrey Hepburn. The film provided Audrey Hepburn with her first significant film role.
Plot.
In 1930, Maria Brentano and her younger sister Nora flee to London as their father is about to be executed by his country's dictator. Seven years later, Maria unexpectedly meets Louis, her childhood sweetheart, who is engaged in a plot to assassinate the dictator. Maria is persuaded to play an active part in the plan, but it all goes horribly wrong when the bomb they plant kills an innocent waitress, causing Maria much distress.
Release.
Although finished before August 1951 (the film was screened by the BBFC censors on 7 August 1951), it did not premiere at The Odeon Leicester Square in London until 8 February 1952.
Reception.
Critical.
"The Monthly Film Bulletin" wrote: ""Secret People" is considerably more than a political melodrama; it is concerned with the moral issues involved in the use of violence to resist violence, with the corrupting effects of such methods ... and, especially, with personal relationships – Maria's disturbed and unhappy love for Louis and her protective devotion to her sister. The controlled, highly distinctive narrative style focuses and develops these relationships and, notably in the sustained passage from Louis' persuasion of Maria to her tortured and desperate visit to Scotland Yard, the full weight of the theme emerges with clarity and force. ... The intellectual level of the film, one feels, should be more equal to the emotional. ... The faults of "Secret People" are obvious enough; they are, however, subsidiary. The tension and power of the film make it one of the most remarkable British productions for some time."
"Kine Weekly" wrote: "The picture, a backward glance to the days of a phoney peace when apparently London was a hotbed of infrigue, not only fails adequately to label its leading characters, played with as much conviction as their accents permit by Valentina Cortesa and Serge Reggiani, but overloads its dishevelled, not to say outmoded, plot with detail. The ballet sequences are more decorative than relevant and the trip to Paris is a luxury rather than a necessity. Drenched with local colour, it seldom touches the heart nor creates real suspense."
The reviewer for "The Times" found "Secret People" to be "a confused, inarticulate, disappointing film, neither as imaginative nor as intellectually exciting as it should be."
George Perry wrote in "Forever Ealing" that "...there is much of interest in the Ealing film, such as the moral dilemma of those who have to resort to force to overcome force." He also praised "a sensitive performance by Valentina Cortesa, ... a substantial role for Audrey Hepburn", and felt that the film had been misinterpreted and "was in some respects ahead of its time."
Box office.
The film was a box office flop.

</doc>
<doc id="6942342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942342" title="Tesfayohannes Mesfin">
Tesfayohannes Mesfin

Tesfayohannes Mesfin (born November 24, 1974) is an Eritrean runner who specializes in the half marathon and cross-country running.
He has several top-25 placements in global competitions. At the 2004 World Cross Country Championships he finished 22nd in the long race and also won a bronze medal with the Eritrean team. He followed up with a 20th place at the 2005 World Cross Country Championships and a ninth place at the 2006 World Cross Country Championships. He finished 21st at the 2004 World Half Marathon Championships, 12th at the 2005 World Half Marathon Championships (team silver medal) and 21st at the 2006 World Road Running Championships (team silver medal). In track competitions he has a sixth place from the 10,000 metres at the 2006 African Championships.
He also placed more lowly at the 2002 World Cross Country Championships, the 2003 World Cross Country Championships, the 2003 World Half Marathon Championships, the 2009 World Championships and the 2010 World Cross Country Championships. He competed but did not finish the 2008 Olympic maraton.
His personal best times are 13:27.06 minutes in the 5000 metres (Seville, 2006); 28:19.88 minutes in the 10,000 metres (Bambous, 2006); 1:03:08 hours in the half marathon (Edmonton, 2005) and 2:12:17 hours in the marathon (Hamburg Marathon, 2008).
He was born in Eritrea ኤርትራ, Seraye ሰራየ, Tekhela፣ ተኸላ in the village Dibezana ፣ ድበዛና and now lives in Bodø, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="6942343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942343" title="Kapaz Ganja">
Kapaz Ganja



</doc>
<doc id="6942353" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942353" title="Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn">
Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn

Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn was a 1993 documentary television series filmed on location in some of the world's most beautiful, noteworthy gardens, hosted by Audrey Hepburn, who also co-narrates the series with Michael York.
Audrey Hepburn, who loved nature and gardens, saw a rare opportunity to bring forth their beauty in poetic and meaningful ways in "Gardens of the World". Her unique vision of the series included fusing the historical and aesthetic aspects with the arts of literature, music and painting. She was awarded her Primetime Emmy for Outstanding Individual Achievement, Informational Programming, posthumously in the fall of 1993. It was Hepburn's first and only television series, and her final appearance on screen; she died on January 20, 1993, four days before the series debuted on PBS in the United States. 
Audrey Hepburn's principal photography was filmed in the spring and summer of 1990 in illustrious public and private gardens in England, France, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Dominican Republic, &amp; U.S.A. Her life partner Robert Wolders was with Hepburn throughout the production: "It became an intensely personal and creative process for her. She immersed herself in not only the beauty of the gardens, but also in their origins and evolution." Also that summer Hepburn wrote her foreword to the series' companion book from her home in Tolochenaz, Switzerland.
In January 1991, Hepburn recorded her voice over narration at LaserPacific in Hollywood; the same month “Audrey Hepburn's Grand Garden Tour for PBS” was the cover story of House &amp; Garden. Writer Katherine Whiteside noted, "Hepburn emphasizes the timeliness of "Gardens of the World" and its relevance to her work with UNICEF. 'Everyone's concerned with the environment, but of course environment includes flowers and trees as well as children. One cannot survive without the others. Today more than ever, gardens remind us of the beauty we are in danger of losing.'"
In New York on March 6, 1991, Cartier honored Hepburn and "Gardens of the World" with a High Tea reception at their Fifth Avenue Mansion; the following day, Ralph Lauren hosted the occasion of her book signing at his flagship store on 72nd Street and Madison Avenue. About which Dominick Dunne wrote, “the crowds were so great that the line extended from Madison all the way to Park Avenue.” These occasions preceded PBS’ March premiere of a one-hour "Gardens of the World" introductory special.
The PBS premiere of the six-part series commenced in 1993, on January 24th. However, KCET Los Angeles premiered the first episode of the series, "Roses &amp; Rose Gardens", three days earlier on January 21st. Heartwrendingly, the same day the "Los Angeles times" published Hepburn's obituary and their review of "Roses". “It is hard to imagine any more compelling [title] than the half-hour spent wandering through some of the world's most enchanting rose gardens with one of the world's most enchanting women.” 
Two further episodes premiered in January 1996, along with a re-release of the six-part series on Home &amp; Garden Television. The series was shown internationally by top broadcasters in more than 30 countries. A DVD of all 8 programs was released in 1999; in September 2006, an extended DVD Tribute Edition was released.
Episode list.
Each episode presents a different garden theme as well as broader concepts of aesthetic, botanical, cultural or environmental significance.
Music Soundtrack CD.
"Music from Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn" (Conifer/BMG 1993) was released in the fall of 1993, performed by the Artur Rubinstein Philharmonic Orchestra, conducted by Ilya Stupel. 

</doc>
<doc id="6942354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942354" title="Our Game">
Our Game

Our Game (a term similar to the Great Game) is a novel by British writer John le Carré, published in 1995. The title refers to Winchester College football; the two main characters were pupils at Winchester College long before the setting of the novel.
Plot summary.
The disappearance of Dr. Larry Pettifer from his teaching position at Bath University should not have concerned a great many people, especially a retired Treasury boffin like Tim Cranmer. But when Detective Inspector Bryant and Sergeant Luck of the Bath Police call upon Cranmer at his Somerset manor house and vineyard late on a Sunday evening, Cranmer finds himself facing repercussions from his secret and not-too-distant past. Pettifer was a British Secret Intelligence Service operative during the Cold War and Cranmer was his handler for twenty years.
The Cold War is over; the Berlin Wall has come down; and SIS has put Cranmer and his agent Pettifer out to pasture. Pettifer turns to teaching at Bath University and Cranmer is content to settle at Honeybrook, his inherited estate in Somerset, making wine and making love to his beautiful young mistress du jour, Emma. Not content with staying cloistered in Bath, Larry begins paying visits to Honeybrook and soon becomes a permanent fixture in their lives. At least, that is, until both Larry and Emma disappear into thin air.
Panicked by his encounter with the Bath Police, Cranmer contacts his former employers and is summoned to London where he learns that, not only has Larry disappeared, he has absconded with some £37 million milked from the Russian Government with the help of a former Soviet spy. Cranmer finds himself suspected as Larry's accomplice by the Bath Police—and, later, by "The Office", or SIS—and decides to track down his protégé and his former mistress.
But why would a quixotic intellectual like Larry, a man who had no interest in money, suddenly wish to steal £37 million from the Russians? To solve this mystery, Cranmer begins calling on old contacts from Oxford to the arms trade to find out what his former agent and his purloined mistress have been up to in their disappearance. He also visits his secret archive of Office files, stashed away in the abandoned church of St. James the Less, bequeathed to him by the same Uncle Bob who left him Honeybrook. As he peruses his cache of documents, he begins to uncover the plot between Larry and Constantin Checheyev, also known as "C.C.", the former Soviet handler of Larry (the latter one pretended to work for the Soviets during the Cold War). Checheyev, it seems, is not Russian but an Ingush, a native of the North Caucasus and begrudged of the Russians who have displaced him and his people from their rightful homes. The Ingush are primed for an uprising against their Russian oppressors and Larry's the man to arm them.
Cranmer begins his journey, first to an arms dealer in Macclesfield, whom he finds murdered along with his assistants by an Ossetian group called "The Forest"; then to find Emma, who has sought shelter in Paris; then to Russia to track down his former Soviet contacts in hopes of finding Larry; then to Ingushetia to find his friend and try to save him—from the Russians, the Ossetians, and from himself. Finally, Tim Cranmer grabs his AK-47 and joins the Ingush rebels.

</doc>
<doc id="6942357" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942357" title="St. Croix, Virgin Islands">
St. Croix, Virgin Islands



</doc>
<doc id="6942360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942360" title="Department for the Environment (Northern Ireland)">
Department for the Environment (Northern Ireland)



</doc>
<doc id="6942361" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942361" title="A New Kind of Love">
A New Kind of Love

A New Kind of Love is a 1963 American romantic comedy film written, directed, and produced by Melville Shavelson and starring Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward. Frank Sinatra sings "You Brought a New Kind of Love to Me" over the opening credits.
Plot.
Steve Sherman, a womanizing American newspaper columnist, is exiled to Paris after unwittingly sleeping with his publisher's wife. On the plane, Steve meets Samantha "Sam" Blake, whom he mistakes for a man due to her tomboy appearance, and the two instantly dislike each other. A career woman, Sam works as the head buyer for a major department store in New York City, copying designs from high-end fashion houses to be recreated and sold at her store for a fraction of the cost. Accompanied by her boss Joseph "Joe" Bergner and colleague Lena O'Connor, Sam travels to Paris in order to scour "couture" houses and fashion shows for inspiration.
During the St. Catherine's Day celebration, where young unmarried women pray for husbands, an intoxicated Sam has a vision in which St. Catherine advises her on how to attract potential men. Following a complete makeover at a beauty salon, Sam emerges donning a blonde wig, red lipstick, and glamorous clothes. Meanwhile, Lena, who is secretively in love with Joe, forlornly watches him become romantically involved with Felicienne Courbeau, the store's French agent.
Steve runs into Sam at a café, but fails to recognize her, mistaking her for a high-class prostitute. Sam plays along with the charade, as a means of revenge for the way he treated her on the plane, and adopts the alias Mimi. Steve interviews Sam as she feeds him fabricated tales involving sexual dalliances with some of Europe's most powerful men. He then publishes her scandalous tales in his new column, which proves an instant success. As the two spend more time together, they begin to develop feelings for each other.
When Felicienne's sordid past resurfaces in Steve's column (after Sam appropriated one of Felicienne's tales and relayed it to Steve), Joe ends their engagement—which later brings him and Lena closer together. Running into a desolate Joe, Steve introduces him to "Mimi" in order to cheer him up, unaware that Joe is her boss. Although humiliated, Sam admits to Lena and Joe that she loves Steve. At Lena's suggestion, Sam convinces Steve that she wants to change her life by leaving prostitution. Steve takes Sam to see a priest in order to save her, but she runs away screaming.
While observing a photograph of "Mimi", Steve finally realizes she is actually Sam. Despite feeling betrayed, Steve confesses to Lena that he is in love with Sam. Determined to expose Sam's ruse, Steve invites her to his apartment, pretending to offer her money to spend the night with him before he leaves Paris the next day. When Sam leans in to kiss Steve, he pulls her wig off and reveals he already knew the truth. Sam sobbingly insists she did not plan to accept his money and apologizes for deceiving him. Steve forgives her, and the two kiss while professing their love for each other. He then pulls out the money he originally planned to give to Sam and declares he will now be her sales manager, angering her. In a fantasy sequence, Steve, wearing a football uniform, chases down Sam in a wedding dress and carries her to a nuptial bed.
Reception.
The film received mixed reviews. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, "A New Kind of Love" holds an approval rating of 13% based on eight reviews, with an average rating of 3.7/10.
Novelization.
Before the release of the film, Dell issued a paperback novelization of the screenplay by mainstream author W.H. (William Henry, Bill) Manville (1926–2017) as Henry Williams, the pseudonym he used for tie-in work. The screenplay is not directly attributed as the source, but it is cited in a back cover film credit list, and the copyright is assigned to Paramount Pictures. The cover illustration features Newman and Woodward in the "falling-kiss" pose of the film poster, and the middle of the book contains a four-page insert of captioned, black-and-white production stills.

</doc>
<doc id="6942364" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942364" title="Tsement Ararat">
Tsement Ararat



</doc>
<doc id="6942367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942367" title="CBS Television Workshop">
CBS Television Workshop

CBS Television Workshop is an American anthology series that aired on CBS from January 13, 1952, to April 13, 1952. The series is noted for featuring early television appearances of several well known actors, including Audrey Hepburn, James Dean, Sidney Poitier and Grace Kelly. The title was also used for a 1960 series.
1952 series.
Writers whose works were adapted for the series included Ray Bradbury.
The first episode, which premiered on January 13, 1952, is a dramatized 30-minute version of "Don Quixote" starring Boris Karloff and directed by Sidney Lumet. Grace Kelly made an appearance as Dulcinea.
Critical response.
The trade publication "Motion Picture Daily" (MPD) commented in mid-March 1952, "After an uneven start, the CBS "Television Workshop" is finally settling down into the experimental groove for which it is designed." The review noted the difficulties imposed by a 30-minute time slot and mentioned that Martin Ritt performed well with the episode "The Rocket" but that the quality of the script was not as good as the quality of the acting.
A subsequent review in "MPD" called another episode, "The Gallow's Tree", a production that "was excitingly outstanding and provided a half-hour of captivating viewing." Geraldine Fitzgerald's performance was described as "outstanding", and the review added, "Director Robert Stevens should be congratulated on his marked imagination and skill."
1960 series.
Another "CBS Television Workshop" was broadcast in 1960, running from January 24, 1960, through May 1, 1960, and returning to run from October 2, 1960, through December 25, 1960. The show was "an experimental anthology series" that was broadcast on Sundays from noon to 12:30 p.m. Eastern Time. The series brought "new writing, directing and acting talent to television in conjunction with performances by skilled professionals." The show was sustaining and was recorded on tape.
Episodes of the 1960 series included those shown in the table below.
Critical response.
A review in the trade publication "Variety" said that Truman was miscast as the lead in "Flight of Fancy", making her look like "little more than a suburban housewife doing a community theatre bit". Others in the cast were described as "uniformly professional", and the script received a mixed review.

</doc>
<doc id="6942369" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942369" title="Fire of Moscow">
Fire of Moscow

Fire of Moscow may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6942373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942373" title="Joint Task Force Lebanon (JTF-L)">
Joint Task Force Lebanon (JTF-L)



</doc>
<doc id="6942377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942377" title="Books about New York City">
Books about New York City



</doc>
<doc id="6942381" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942381" title="Martinique Passage">
Martinique Passage

Martinique Passage (also called Dominica Channel) is a strait in the Caribbean that separates Dominica and Martinique.

</doc>
<doc id="6942382" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942382" title="Martinique Channel">
Martinique Channel

The Martinique Channel is a strait in the Caribbean Sea that separates Saint Vincent and the Grenadines from Grenada. 

</doc>
<doc id="6942383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942383" title="Yonas Kifle">
Yonas Kifle

Yonas Andebrhan Kifle (born 5 November 1977) is an Eritrean runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres, the marathon and cross-country running. He has represented Eritrea at the Olympics on four occasions; in 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012. He has also competed at World Championship-level in cross country, road running, and on the track indoors and outdoors.
He was the bronze medallist in the half marathon at the 2007 All-Africa Games and the 2005 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. His personal bests include 59:30 minutes for the half marathon and 2:07:34 hours for the marathon (an Eritrean record).
Career.
Kifle was born in Adi Billai in Eritrea's Debub Region. He made his first international appearance for Eritrea at the age of 21, running in the 3000 metres at the 1999 IAAF World Indoor Championships. He finished in last place and was over twenty seconds behind the rest of the runners. His first international outdoor competition followed later that year and he ran in the heats of the 5000 metres at the 1999 World Championships in Athletics in Seville. In 2000 he came 61st at the 2000 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and made his Olympic debut with a performance in the heats of the 10,000 metres at the 2000 Sydney Olympics. He began to improve from the 2002 season onwards: he was eighth in the long race at the 2000 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, fourth at the 2002 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships with a time of 1:01:05 hours, and came sixth over 5000 m at the 2002 African Championships in Athletics. He also won the Cursa de Bombers 10K in Spain that year.
Kifle was injured in the 2003 season, but came back in 2004 with a top ten finish at the 2004 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and a second Olympic appearance on the track, taking 16th in the 10,000 m final at the 2004 Athens Olympics. He was eleventh in the 10,000 m at the 2005 World Championships in Athletics and won his first major individual medal with a third-place finish at the 2005 IAAF World Half Marathon Championships. He made the top ten at both the 2006 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and 2006 IAAF World Road Running Championships. He had some of his best half marathon performances in 2007, including a bronze medal at the 2007 All-Africa Games and set a significant personal best of 59:30 minutes to take fifth at the 2007 IAAF World Road Running Championships.
On his marathon debut, he was fifth at the 2007 Amsterdam Marathon with a personal best time of 2:07:34 hours – an Eritrean record. At the 2008 London Marathon he ran a time of 2:08:51 for seventh place.
Kifle attempted his first Olympic marathon at the 2008 Beijing Games, but he could only manage 36th place overall. He was seventh for a second year running at the 2009 London Marathon having finished in 2:08:28. He took part in the marathon at the 2009 World Championships in Athletics and was in contention up to the 30 km but he dropped out soon after and did not finish the race.
He ran at the 2010 London Marathon and finished in ninth place with a time of 2:14:39, behind compatriot Zersenay Tadese. Kifle was chosen to compete at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics, but he failed to finish the men's marathon race. He ran his best time since 2009 at the 2012 Seoul International Marathon (2:08:51) and he was the only non-Kenyan runner to feature in the top ten. At the 2012 Summer Olympics he finished in 58th place.

</doc>
<doc id="6942384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942384" title="An Other Cup">
An Other Cup

An Other Cup is the twelfth studio album by Yusuf (formerly known as Cat Stevens), released on 10 November 2006 in Germany, 13 November in the UK and the US and worldwide on 14 November. It is Yusuf's first Western pop album since "Back to Earth", which was released in 1978 under the name Cat Stevens. "An Other Cup" is the artist's first studio album under the name Yusuf. It heralded his return to Western pop music.
History.
On the album cover, the artist is credited as "Yusuf" with a cover label identifying him as "the artist formerly known as Cat Stevens". In an interview as to why he presented both names, he said, "You know, the cup is there to be filled... with whatever you want to fill it with. For those people looking for Cat Stevens, they'll probably find him in this record. If you want to find Yusuf, go a bit deeper, you'll find him."
Craig Kallman, the chief executive officer of Atlantic Records, described the new record as speaking to "the essence of all the great Cat Stevens albums of the past", adding: "It was a chilling experience sitting in a very tiny rehearsal room as he was working through all the new material."
On the BBC's "Andrew Marr Show", Yusuf said: "It's me, so it's going to sound like that of course... This is the real thing [...] When my son brought the guitar back into the house, you know, that was the turning point. It opened a flood of new ideas and music which I think a lot of people would connect with." In another interview, Yusuf said, "I feel right about making music and singing about life in this fragile world again. It is important for me to be able to help bridge the cultural gaps others are sometimes frightened to cross."
The album was produced by Rick Nowels and Yusuf, and is distributed by Atlantic Records in North America, in a venture with Yusuf's's own label, Ya Records. It features guest performances from Youssou N'Dour. Additional guests, Alun Davies and Jean Roussel, two of Yusuf"s long time friends, who both played in his band as Cat Stevens from 1970 in Davies' case, during the time he was writing and recording "Mona Bone Jakon", and 1973 for Roussell during Stevens's "Catch Bull at Four", album and tour. Both worked, recorded, and toured with Stevens, until he left the Western pop music business in 1978; however both made an appearance with him, performing on Stevens's first television broadcast performance, performing with him, on "Later... with Jools Holland" in 2006. However, this was the only performance where Roussell was present. Davies remained as a guitarist with backing vocals as he had done for so many years in the days of "Cat Stevens", and still performs with Yusuf as part of his new, tight-knit band. Artwork is credited to "Yoriyos", believed to be Yusuf's son Mohammed Islam who is also a musician.
The album features a cover of "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood". "Heaven/Where True Love Goes", released from the album as a download-only single, is a reprise taken from the last part of the "Foreigner Suite" that appeared on the album "Foreigner", with some words changed to fit his new Islamic faith. The album also features a slightly new version of "I Think I See the Light" from "Mona Bone Jakon".
The full album was first available to hear exclusively in the 'Mes Amis' Members Area of Yusuf's website, until it was released as a CD.
The album debuted at No. 52 on the "Billboard" 200, and was certified platinum in Germany and gold in the UK.
Track listing.
All songs written by Yusuf, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="6942388" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942388" title="Silken windhound">
Silken windhound



</doc>
<doc id="6942396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942396" title="Dominica Channel">
Dominica Channel



</doc>
<doc id="6942397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942397" title="4ZA">
4ZA

4ZA (now known as The Hits Southland 98.8) was an adult contemporary radio station in Southland, New Zealand.
Early years.
4ZA began broadcasting in Southland on 820 AM in 1956 as a commercial station operated by the Radio New Zealand (which at the time was known as the National Broadcasting Service). With the change in band frequency spacing in late 1978, 4ZA moved to 864 AM. Before 1989 radio stations in New Zealand were assigned call signs; 4ZA was branded as its call sign name 4ZA until 1993, when it became Classic Hits ZAFM.
In 1979 John "Boggy" Mcdowall joined the station and took on the role as the breakfast show host. Despite all the changes made to the station, Boggy remained the station's breakfast host until the end of 2012. For a time Boggy was also the station's Programme Director.
Switch to FM.
In 1991 when it began broadcasting on 98.8 FM, 4ZA was the first commercial station in Southland to broadcast on FM. Years later 4ZA also switched to FM in Te Anau, broadcasting on 90.4FM. Between 1991 and 1993 4ZA ran a country music show on the AM frequency on Sunday mornings and a Classic Hits show at the same time on the FM frequency; the same was done weekday mornings where Talkback would run on the AM frequency. It was at this time that announcers started calling the station Classic Hits 4ZA-FM. From 7 pm to 6 am the station carried RNZ Community Network programming in simulated stereo.
Rebranding as Classic Hits ZAFM.
In 1993 Radio New Zealand rebranded many of their heritage stations as Classic Hits, but some of the stations maintained part of the heritage name into the branding. For 4ZA the station became known as Classic Hits ZAFM. For most locals the change was seamless, as if the announcers had simply started calling the station ZA-FM instead of 4ZA-FM. The 7pm to 6am show was replaced with a stereo feed from Auckland branded Classic Hits, originally with Auckland advertising.
In the early nineties Radio New Zealand began rolling Newstalk ZB out across the country. In 1994 the 864AM frequency originally used for 4ZA was reassigned to Newstalk ZB with some local news content on the Newstalk ZB station read out by a Classic Hits ZAFM newsreader.
The station branding under the Classic Hits brand changed slightly from Classic Hits ZAFM to Classic Hits 98.8 ZAFM in 2001 and Classic Hits 98.8 in 2005.
Change of ownership and reduction in local programming.
In July 1996 the New Zealand Government sold off the commercial arm of Radio New Zealand, which included, among other things, the Classic Hits branded stations. The new owner was The Radio Network, a subsidiary of APN News &amp; Media and Clear Channel Communications, which operated as a division of the Australian Radio Network.
In 1998 Classic Hits ZAFM was reduced to just 4 hours of local programming between 6 and 10 am 7 days a week. Outside this time nationwide shows based from Auckland took over, and the announcers simply called the station Classic Hits. Competitions also became nationwide competitions, for example the Rices Southland of Southland (sponsored by a local and now defunct appliance store) was replaced with The Secret Sound. Listeners also were required to call a nationwide 0800 number when entering competitions even during the local breakfast show. The breakfast show was shortened to a 3-hour show in 2012 on all Classic Hits stations and local weekend programming removed.
2006 marked the 50th anniversary of 4ZA and Classic Hits ZAFM. In October a reunion was held for all employees that ever worked on this station.
Rebranding as The Hits.
On 28 April 2014 all stations part of the Classic Hits network were rebranded as The Hits. A networked breakfast presented by Polly Gillespie and Grant Kareama was introduced to almost all The Hits stations with the former breakfast announcer moved to present a 6-hour show between 9am and 3pm. Southland however retained its local breakfast show and continued to run network programming after 9 am.
Today The Hits Southland runs a networked breakfast show and local programming between 9am and 3pm.
Programming.
Breakfast.
From 1 June 1979 until 21 December 2012 the breakfast show on 4ZA and later Classic Hits was presented by John "Boggy" McDowell. Despite a lot of changes on the station, from a change in branding, ownership of the station and reduction of local content, the breakfast show remained much unchanged.
"Bertie Budgies" birthday calls are believed to have been part of the breakfast show since the 1960s. Bertie Budgie had his origins in the 1960s as a budgie in a cage at the station's reception. Later Bertie Budgie became the station's mascot appearing at local events in costume form. The intro jingle to Bertie Budgies birthday calls remained in place until 2009, when it was replaced with the same birthday calls intro used on other Classic Hits stations. In 2011 this was reduced to Boggy just reading out the birthdays. 
"Wooly Woofter Awards" on Wednesdays were also a part of the breakfast show from the 1980s. The award was given to a person who had done a rather embarrassing act and was usually nominated by a friend, family member or colleague.
Another long serving member of the breakfast crew was newsreader Malcolm Gayfer, who read out a local news bulletin for Southland during the breakfast show followed by the national and international sports news, adding in any local Southland sports news. The same news bulletin was also read out on Southland's Newstalk ZB. Malcolm Gayfer read out his final bulletin on the same day Boggy left the station. For a time Malcolm Gayfer was Boggy's breakfast co-host.
On 2 April 2012 it was announced that breakfast show presenter John "Boggy" McDowell would move to Coast, presenting the afternoon show to a nationwide audience. At the same time an announcement was made that Boggy's then co-host Tracy Kilkelly would move to an administrative role within The Radio Network, effective 5 April 2012, and James McRobie would take over as Boggy's co-host for the remainder of 2012 before moving to the role of the show's main presenter in 2013.
Studio location.
The 4ZA studios were located on the corner of Don and Deveron Streets in the Invercargill CDB, in a two-story building with a courtyard in the middle. During the station's heyday the entire building was occupied by 4ZA, with the studios on the first floor. With the reduction of local programming, many of the offices in the building became empty. In the 2000s the ground floor of the building was occupied by the Southern Institute of Technology, known as the SIT Sound campus or ZA Campus. SIT uses this campus for music and radio-related courses. The top floor continued to house the studios for Classic Hits ZAFM and also used to host programming for Hokonui and Newstalk ZB with announcer Marcus Lush presenting the nationwide night show on Newstalk ZB from Invercargill. In 2024 NZME relocated their Invercargill studios to a smaller building at 111 Spey Street in Invercargill.

</doc>
<doc id="6942400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942400" title="Self propelled artillery">
Self propelled artillery



</doc>
<doc id="6942404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942404" title="Dominica Passage">
Dominica Passage

Dominica Passage is a strait in the Caribbean. It separates the islands of Dominica, from Marie-Galante, Guadeloupe. It is a pathway from the Caribbean Sea into the Atlantic Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="6942405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942405" title="Jools oliver">
Jools oliver



</doc>
<doc id="6942409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942409" title="Juliette Norton">
Juliette Norton



</doc>
<doc id="6942410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942410" title="Task Force">
Task Force



</doc>
<doc id="6942414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942414" title="Guadeloupe Channel">
Guadeloupe Channel



</doc>
<doc id="6942416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942416" title="Three Pillars of Sikhism">
Three Pillars of Sikhism



</doc>
<doc id="6942423" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942423" title="Gregorio Fontana">
Gregorio Fontana

Gregorio Fontana, born Giovanni Battista Lorenzo Fontana (7 December 1735 – 24 August 1803) was an Italian mathematician and a religious of the Piarist order. He was chair of mathematics at the university of Pavia succeeding Roger Joseph Boscovich. He has been credited with the introduction of polar coordinates. Though an abbot, he was sympathetic to the ideals of the French Revolution.
Biography.
Gregorio Fontana was born in Nogaredo, Trento, on 7 December 1735. His brother was the physicist Felice Fontana. 
A close friend of Giulio Carlo de' Toschi di Fagnano, he succeeded Boscovich in the chair of mathematics at the University of Pavia. He was also entrusted with the position of curator of the university library. Fontana played a pivotal role in the systematic introduction in Italy of the study of Leonhard Euler's treatises on mathematical analysis. In 1795 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society.
After the outbreak of the French Revolution, Fontana developed radical political attitudes. He was actively involved in the Cisalpine Republic as a politician and legislator.
Work.
Fontana was a good mathematician, concerned with hydraulics, hydrodynamics, astronomy, optics, mechanics, probability, analysis (series, logarithms of negative numbers, difference equations) and iatromechanics. 
Fontana was a pioneer in the study of the history of mathematics. Apart from an essay on the mathematical progress achieved by Gerolamo Cardano and Bonaventura Cavalieri, his writings on the history of mathematics were published at the end of the fourth tome of the first Italian edition of Charles Bossut's "Essai sur l'histoire générale des mathématiques", which was translated by Andrea Mozzoni, a professor of mathematics at the Liceo of Bergamo and translator of other works by Bossut, and edited by Fontana himself. This Italian translation of Bossut's work is considered even more interesting than the French edition, thanks to Fontana's notes and additions. 
It includes presentation of Bossut's major work and 18 appendices in which Fontana develops some limited questions or themes of the history of mathematics and gives full details and more recent contributions, with mathematical insight and competence and with an accurate historical investigation. These arguments are also connected with Fontana's own mathematical research. Precisely because of their different style and perspective, the appendices round out Bossut's general work very well.
Topics dealt with by Fontana include Archimedes' Sphere and Cylinder and the recent contributions of Francesco Maria Zanotti; Hippocrates' quadrature of lunes in which he analyses some ancient Greek codices; the various instruments for the measurement of longitude; the tautochrones and the Lagrange-Fontaine dispute; Herschel's telescope; iatromechanics; various questions on optics and dioptrics; the tides; the naval architecture of the ancient Romans.

</doc>
<doc id="6942425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942425" title="Guadeloupe Passage">
Guadeloupe Passage

The Guadeloupe Passage is a strait in the Caribbean. It separates Guadeloupe from Montserrat and from Antigua and Barbuda.

</doc>
<doc id="6942426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942426" title="Latyan Dam">
Latyan Dam

Latyan Dam (, also Romanized as "Sadd-e Latyān") is a buttress dam on the Jajrood River, located less than 25 km from Tehran in the south of city of Lavasan. It is one of the main sources of water for Tehran metropolitan region. It was constructed between 1963 and 1967. The first generator in the dam's 45 MW hydroelectric power station was commissioned on 17 March 1969, the second on 13 April 1987.
Geology.
Jajrood River basin is located in the southern part of central Alborz mountain range, the rocks of which date from the Palaeozoic era up to the Quaternary period, as below: 

</doc>
<doc id="6942427" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942427" title="M2A2 Bradley">
M2A2 Bradley



</doc>
<doc id="6942432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942432" title="Pyynikin kesateatteri">
Pyynikin kesateatteri



</doc>
<doc id="6942441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942441" title="Sikh rites">
Sikh rites

The Sikhs engage in various rites and services. Sikh rites include activities they consider essential to the group practice of Sikhism or the expression of egalitarianism, such as "kirtan" or taking "karah parshad". Many rites in Sikhism involve prayer (such as the Ardas) or reciting scripture ("paath"). Some Sikh rites are meant to be practiced in a gurdwara congregation, while others are practiced at home or in other contexts.
Ardas.
The Ardas is a formal prayer recited at the end of most Sikh rituals and at the end of morning and evening devotions. It consists of three parts: the first part invokes the ten Sikh gurus, the second part recalls trials and triumphs of the Sikh Panth, and the third part is a petition in which personal or panthic requests for intercession are often introduced. It ends with "Naanak naam charhdi kala, tayray bhaanay sarbat da bhala." "Charhdi kala" indicates a blissful state of mind and the absence of negative emotions. "Sarbat da bhala" indicates the well-being of all.
Dasvandh.
"Dasvandh" is the giving of one tenth (10%) of one's income as a tithe to help those less fortunate in the name of one's guru. This practice is derived from "vand chhako", one of the three pillars of Sikhism. Sandeep Sahni writes, "The principle of Dasvandh is that if you give to the Infinite; Infinity, in turn, will give back to you." The practice of charitable giving was preached and spread by Guru Amar Das, Guru Ram Das, and Guru Arjan. In the past, such tithes were collected by Masands and then given to the Guru.
Langar.
A "langar" is a free community kitchen attached to a gurdwara where everyone sits on the floor and eats together regardless of differing backgrounds. This gathering is called a "pangat". The "langar" was introduced by Guru Nanak to break the caste system that was prevalent in India during his life. The food served at a "langar" is always vegetarian and usually includes dal soup, vegetables, rice, and chapatis.
Paath.
"Paath" is the recitation of Gurbani, in various formats.
Akhand Paath is the uninterrupted recitation of the entire Guru Granth Sahib over a certain period, usually forty-eight hours. A number of reciters ("paathis") take turns reading in two-hour shifts to accomplish this. Often, Akhand Paath is performed to mark an important religious or family event. It may also be performed as part of a gurdwara's regular services, so that visitors can listen to Gurbani at any time. The "paathi" is required to be an Amritdhari Sikh who endeavors to pronounce every syllable correctly, in a melodious voice, so that the Naad (sound current) may be produced and affect the consciousness of the "paathi" and those listening.
Sadharan Paath is similar to Akhand Paath, but it may be done intermittently over any time period, such as a month or two. It is commonly practiced at home, to be completed on the day of an anticipated family event or memorial.
Nitnem Paath is the thrice-daily recitation of certain compositions in the Sikh Rehat Maryada.
Karah parshad.
"Karah parshad" is a pudding-like sweet served in a gurdwara at the end of a worship service or act of worship. It is made from equal parts of flour, sugar, and ghee mixed in an iron bowl, and it is then heated before being taken to the diwan hall. Before being served, it is blessed by the recitation of the Ardas and the first five and last stanzas of Anand Sahib, and as the Ardas concludes, the "karah parshad" is pierced by a ceremonial sword called a "kirpan" to symbolically strengthen it.
Like the "langar", the "karah parshad" is used to demonstrate belief in human equality. If someone does not accept the invitation to eat with them, Sikhs may interpret the refusal as a sign of disbelief in this principle.
Kirtan.
"Kirtan" means devotional singing. In Sikhism, "kirtan" is considered an essential element of religious practice and is often performed in a gurdwara congregation. In a gurdwara, "kirtan" is usually performed by professional musicians in a trio called a "rāgī jathā". The trio includes a tabla player and two vocalists who also play harmoniums."" In "shabad kirtan", sacred songs from Sikh scriptures are sung or listened to. In "nagar kirtan", the Guru Granth Sahib is carried in an outdoor procession.
Samskars.
In Sikhism, there are four "samskars" (rites of passage). Each "samskar" is associated with a ceremony that facilitates a key event in a Sikh's life. The first is the naming ceremony, performed in a gurdwara, where someone opens the Granth to a random page and selects the first letter found on the left to be the first letter of the child's name. The second is the baptism ceremony, in which a person receives holy water ("amrit" or "nectar") and is initiated into the Khalsa. The third is the marriage ceremony, in which the bride and groom walk slowly around the Granth while a priest reads hymns. The fourth is the death ceremony. Customarily, the body of the deceased is cremated during a funeral service defined by the Sikh Code of Conduct.

</doc>
<doc id="6942447" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942447" title="Unsolicited Telemarketing">
Unsolicited Telemarketing



</doc>
<doc id="6942453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942453" title="Saint Lucia Channel">
Saint Lucia Channel

Saint Lucia Channel is a strait in the Caribbean that separates French island Martinique, to the north, and Saint Lucia, in the south. It is a pathway between the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean. The Diamond Rock is in the St. Lucia Canal.
History.
On August 17, 2007, Hurricane Dean crossed the channel as a Category 2 storm.

</doc>
<doc id="6942456" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942456" title="St. Lucia Channel">
St. Lucia Channel



</doc>
<doc id="6942460" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942460" title="Form (programming)">
Form (programming)

In component-based programming (Visual Basic, .NET WinForms, Gambas, Delphi, Lazarus etc.), a form is a representation of a GUI window. A form contains components and controls, typically including "OK" and "Cancel" buttons; these objects provide a high-level abstraction of standard or custom widgets which are typically much easier to manipulate than the GUI's underlying API.
At design time, visual controls (buttons, text boxes, and the like) and non-visual components (timers, database connections, layout aids, and so on) are placed on the form. These controls and components are positioned and sized interactively, and their properties and event handlers are set with a special editor typically laid out as a grid.
At runtime, automatically generated code creates instances of these controls and components, and sets their properties.
Historically, forms were often implemented as screens on a block-oriented terminal connected to a mainframe computer. HTML forms are conceptually very similar.

</doc>
<doc id="6942462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942462" title="Szechwan pepper">
Szechwan pepper



</doc>
<doc id="6942470" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942470" title="Camillus De Lellis">
Camillus De Lellis



</doc>
<doc id="6942479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942479" title="A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed">
A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed

"A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed" is an indie-rock song written by Billy Reeves for Theaudience's eponymous album "Theaudience", released as the third single on 11 May 1998. "A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed" became one of the band's most popular songs, peaking at #27 on the UK Singles Chart. The B-sides for the single include a French language acoustic version of "A Pessimist Is Never Disappointed"; a short previously unreleased keyboard instrumental, "I Miss Leo"; a cover of the Supermodel song "Penis Size and Cars"; three unreleased demos from the group's Blah St. recording sessions, and an extended version of "Bells for David Keenan" from the group's debut album. For radio play, the line "and we all sing the same fucking song" was replaced with "and we all sing the same stupid song".
The song was performed by lead vocalist Sophie Ellis-Bextor on her 2002 "Read My Lips" solo tour, and the video was included on her subsequent DVD release, "Watch My Lips". It was also re-recorded with an orchestral arrangement for her greatest hits compilation "The Song Diaries" (2019).

</doc>
<doc id="6942481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942481" title="Saint Vincent Passage">
Saint Vincent Passage

Saint Vincent Passage is a strait in the Caribbean, that separates the Saint Lucia and Saint Vincent. It is a pathway between Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="6942482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942482" title="St. Vincent Passage">
St. Vincent Passage



</doc>
<doc id="6942487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942487" title="Pink pepper">
Pink pepper



</doc>
<doc id="6942489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942489" title="Pink peppercorn">
Pink peppercorn

A pink peppercorn ( ) is a dried berry referring to three different species: the traditional Baies rose plant "Euonymus phellomanus"; the shrub "Schinus molle", commonly known as the Peruvian peppertree; and the "Schinus terebinthifolia" (the Brazilian pepper).
History.
Although not related to commercial pepper ("Piper nigrum"), the pink/red berries of the Peruvian peppertree ("Schinus molle") are sold as pink peppercorns and often blended with commercial pepper. Pink peppercorns came to be called such because they resemble peppercorns, and because they, too, have a peppery flavor. As they are members of the cashew family, they may cause allergic reactions including anaphylaxis for people with a tree nut allergy. The fruit and leaves of Peruvian pepper are potentially poisonous to poultry, pigs and possibly calves. Records also exist of young children who have experienced vomiting and diarrhea after eating the fruit. 
Dried berries from the related species "Schinus terebinthifolia" (the Brazilian pepper) are sometimes also called pink peppercorns (baies roses de Bourbon) and are used as a culinary spice. The Brazilian pepper was introduced as an ornamental plant to Florida by at latest 1891, probably earlier, where it has spread rapidly since about 1940, and eventually became invasive in the area where it is often referred to as "Florida Holly".
In 1982, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) banned the import of Brazilian peppercorns from France into the United States, asserting that people who eat the berries risk an array of acute symptoms, such as swollen eyelids and indigestion, similar to poison ivy. In response, the Government of France maintained that the berries are safe to eat if grown in prescribed conditions. The United States later lifted the ban. Presently both species of the Schinus pink peppercorn lack "generally recognized as safe" (GRAS) status with the FDA.

</doc>
<doc id="6942492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942492" title="Pink peppercorns">
Pink peppercorns



</doc>
<doc id="6942493" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942493" title="Lidiya Shuleva">
Lidiya Shuleva



</doc>
<doc id="6942496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942496" title="Pink pepper corn">
Pink pepper corn



</doc>
<doc id="6942497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942497" title="Pink pepper corns">
Pink pepper corns



</doc>
<doc id="6942501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942501" title="Cut of the cards">
Cut of the cards



</doc>
<doc id="6942508" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942508" title="Sumba Strait">
Sumba Strait

Sumba Strait (Indonesian: Selat Sumba) is a strait in Indonesia.
It separates the island of Sumba from the major islands of Flores and Sumbawa, as well as minor islands including Komodo and Rinca. It connects the Indian Ocean to the Savu Sea. 
Prior to Indonesian independence it was known as "Sandalwood Strait". It is also known as the Savu Sea.

</doc>
<doc id="6942511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942511" title="Selat Sumba">
Selat Sumba



</doc>
<doc id="6942524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942524" title="‘Abdu’l-Mijid I">
‘Abdu’l-Mijid I



</doc>
<doc id="6942526" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942526" title="Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers">
Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers

The Military Association of Atheists and Freethinkers (MAAF) is a community for atheists and freethinkers in the military, both within the United States and from around the world. The MAAF can assist U.S. military members to respond to illegal and insensitive religious proselytizing on military bases. It is an independent 501(c)(3) organization building community for freethinkers and other nontheists in the military. The MAAF supports constitutional separation of church and state and First Amendment rights for all service members. It also educates and trains both the military and civilian community about atheism and Freethought in the military.
Flagship programs for MAAF are its local Network, with over 70 worldwide points of contact, lay leaders, and local groups from Kyrgyzstan to Japan and throughout the US and its Chaplain Outreach program to educate 5000 military chaplains on how to support atheists and freethinkers in the military. Supporting those major programs are care package delivery, lay leader and chaplain endorsement, and a robust advocacy program to identify and resolve issues, to make the military a safe place for nontheists.
History.
 The MAAF was founded with a simple email discussion group in February 1998 by Kathleen Johnson when she was an active duty Sergeant First Class with the Army's Criminal Investigative Division (CID). It soon expanded from an online presence and affiliated with other organizations including American Atheists and the Campus Freethought Alliance (now CFI On Campus). Early membership, totalling just over 100, included several cadets and midshipmen in ROTC programs and military service academies. Jason Torpy, current president, took over in 2001 while still an active duty officer, established 501c3 status in 2006, and began working full-time for the organization at the end of 2010.
The group's early efforts included letter writing campaigns reminding public figures such as Tom Brokaw not to use the phrase, "There are no atheists in foxholes." One recipient of these letters, broadcaster Bob Schieffer, issued a public apology in response. Other efforts supported active duty military personnel seeking to include, "Atheist" or, "Agnostic" on their dog-tags instead of the more common, "No Rel Pref" which meant the individual had no religious preference. 
Jason Torpy, who joined MAAF while a cadet at West Point and who is now a former Army Captain, now leads a board of five current and retired military officers. As of 2007 he was overseeing an organization of more vocal atheist members, "in 15 countries, 45 states, and over 100 military installations and ships." Other recent efforts of the MAAF include public condemnation of the continued refusal by the Boy Scouts of America to accept non-believers. While the BSA claims to be a private organization with a legal right to discriminate, the MAAF calls for an end to federal support in the form of funding and free access to military bases. The MAAF logo includes the three colors Air Force Blue, Army Green, and Navy Blue. It represents the land, sea, and air missions of the group's membership and the three-part mission of providing "atheists in foxholes" with advocacy, community, and education.
In 2011 the MAAF including its local MASH Ft Bragg affiliate took on the Army's Comprehensive Soldier Fitness program for its take on spiritual fitness as a major factor in soldier readiness. Both Jason Torpy and Justin Griffith, now military director with American Atheists, argued that the Army's approach, and especially the Army's Spiritual Fitness website were unfairly and illegally sectarian, supporting Christianity over all other religious beliefs. When the overall fitness of Justin Griffith was questioned because of his score on the Spiritual Fitness portion, he took his complaint to the Military Religious Freedom Foundation (MRFF) and threatened legal action against this unconstitutional religious test. Although no major changes were made as a result of the complaints, the Army did remove a section from the Spiritual Fitness website which equated the military flag folding tradition with Christian religious tenets. The MAAF maintains a running review of violations and plans to turn its attention to new Spiritual Triage and Moral Injury applications of 'spirituality'.
Confirmed to be several thousand, the current membership of MAAF is not publicly specified but the group's list of "Atheists in Foxholes" has topped 200 who wish to be publicly identified. More certain are the numbers of nonbelievers in the United States military in comparison to the number of chaplains of similar belief. In July, 2012 the MAAF published demographics from the United States Department of Defense that confirmed that atheists and agnostics in military ranks far outnumber several other groups, such as Hindus, Jews, Muslims, and Buddhists yet have no representation in the chaplain corps. This same study also showed that Evangelical Christians make up an inordinately large proportion of the chaplain corps when compared to the relatively small percentage of military members who hold such beliefs.
Reception.
In July 2007, Major Freddy Welborn attended a meeting of atheist service members in Iraq under the umbrella of the MAAF and organized by Army Specialist Jeremy Hall. The Major reportedly forced attendees to stand at attention while he yelled at, berated and humiliated them. The Major accused them of plotting against Christians and threatened them with punishment before shutting down the meeting. Specialist Hall contacted the MAAF for assistance and was referred to the Military Religious Freedom Foundation. In October 2008, Specialist Hall voluntarily withdrew the lawsuit and there is no indication that any action was taken against Major Welborn.
In 2011 an affiliated group, the Fort Bragg Military Association of Secular Humanists (MASH) sought reciprocity after an Evangelical Christian ministry received military command funding to hold a concert at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Active duty Army Sergeant Justin Griffith sought to hold a similar event called Rock Beyond Belief but was initially refused the same level of support. The same group sought the appointment of atheist lay leaders to provide support for the atheist population at the very large Army base. At the same time, Jason Torpy and the MAAF continued efforts to implement humanist chaplains to support the many atheist, agnostics, and humanists on active duty. Senior chaplain officials responded with the argument that atheists were not a religious group and thus did not qualify for such duty. MAAF responded that humanist chaplains would do everything religious chaplains do, including counsel troops and help them follow their faiths. "Humanism fills the same role for atheists that Christianity does for Christians and Judaism does for Jews," Torpy said in an interview. "It answers questions of ultimate concern; it directs our values."
In October, 2012 the United States Army invited Torpy to speak at its twelfth annual Diversity Leadership conference at West Point. At this meeting he made his pitch for the addition of atheist or humanist chaplains. Included in the argument was that the current chaplain corps is overly representative of the evangelical Christian faith along with a claim that atheist and others were being ignored.
Criticism.
The MAAF created some controversy in 2012 when Jason Torpy sought to remove a group of memorial crosses from a hilltop at Camp Pendleton, California. A set of three, 13 foot (4 meter), wooden crosses erected by a small group of Marines in 2003 had stood without controversy until a news story caught the attention of the MAAF. After threatening a lawsuit claiming violations of church-state separation, the Marine Corps Commandant was forced to decide whether it would stay or go. "This wasn't intended to be a religious memorial, it was just intended to be able to provide a fitting and a dignified memorial to their fallen comrades and frankly controversy was the very last thing on their minds." said retired Marine Colonel Nick Marano. "Marines and others who continue to come here to reflect will be sorry to see them go." MAAF addressed a long list of common concerns to distinguish its position from some of the attacks levied by opposition groups.

</doc>
<doc id="6942530" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942530" title="Mindoro Strait">
Mindoro Strait

The Mindoro Strait () is one of the straits connecting the South China Sea with the Sulu Sea in the Philippines. It separates Mindoro Island from Busuanga Island (one of the Calamian Islands of Palawan Province). Located between the two islands is the Apo Reef, the largest coral reef system in the Philippines. The reef divides the strait into the Apo East Pass and the Apo West Pass.
The Mindoro Strait is part of an alternative route for ships passing between the Indian and Pacific oceans and a common one for those exceeding the Malaccamax size and therefore incapable of using the Strait of Malacca.
Modern bathymetric soundings have shown that the centers of the Mindoro Strait and the Sibutu Passage are both deep enough that they probably existed during the last ice age, thus contradicting the favored H. Otley Beyer's theory that the first settlers of the Philippines came through land bridges around that period. If verified, the earliest people of the country would have needed boats to cross the open sea to reach the islands.

</doc>
<doc id="6942537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942537" title="Spun honey">
Spun honey



</doc>
<doc id="6942542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942542" title="Churned honey">
Churned honey



</doc>
<doc id="6942543" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942543" title="‘Abdü’l-Mecīd I">
‘Abdü’l-Mecīd I



</doc>
<doc id="6942545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942545" title="조국통일">
조국통일



</doc>
<doc id="6942546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942546" title="Victoria The White Cat">
Victoria The White Cat



</doc>
<doc id="6942552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942552" title="Candied honey">
Candied honey



</doc>
<doc id="6942556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942556" title="Gower Wassail">
Gower Wassail

The Gower Wassail is a wassail song from Gower in Wales. Wassailing is a midwinter tradition wherein either orchards or households are blessed by guisers, which came to Wales through exposure to English custom. The song is printed in A.L. Lloyd's book "Folk Song in England" (1967), having been heard from Phil Tanner. Structurally, the song is in time with bacchius trisyllables, a Balliol rhyme scheme, and the "ffal de radl" musical syllables characteristic of much of Welsh folk songs. Some of the lyrics closely resemble other popular wassailing songs, such as the 'Gloucestershire Wassail'.
Lyrics.
The majority of versions of the song begin with the same two stanzas, although pronouns (i.e. you, we, your, our, etc.) vary. Following the second verse and chorus, the number of stanzas and their order vary from version to version. The primary difference between the lyrics that appear here is that one version is a dialogue between the wassailers and the master and mistress they are appealing to for hospitality. The other version is sung from the wassailers’ perspective alone. All the known stanzas are included below.
Opening Stanzas
A-wassail, a-wassail throughout all the town
Our cup it is white and our ale it is brown
Our wassail is made of the good ale and cake (too)
Some nutmeg and ginger, the best you can bake (do)
Our wassail is made of the elderberry bough
And so my good neighbors we'll drink unto thou
Besides all on earth, you have apples in store
Pray let us come in for it's cold by the door

</doc>
<doc id="6942560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942560" title="Honey fondant">
Honey fondant



</doc>
<doc id="6942562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942562" title="Lela Tsurtsumia">
Lela Tsurtsumia

Lela Tsurtsumia () (born 12 February 1969) is a Georgian singer and actress. Born and raised in Tbilisi, she graduated from Shota Rustaveli Theatre and Film University. She sings in Georgian, Megrelian and Laz languages.
Life and career.
Tsurtsumia has been active in music since the age of five and has been working with vocal teachers. Theatrical education helped her to create an individual musical image and manner.
In 1996–1999, Lela became a singer in ensemble "Taigouli". She started performing songs at the restaurant "Europa" where she met her future manager and husband Kakha Mamulashvili.
Her concert in 2000 was the first show concert in Georgia held by a Georgian singer.
In 2002, Tsurtsumia had another successful show at Tbilisi Sport Hall, with more than 25,000 spectators attending the show, arecord. Another record was set in 2004, when she released the popular album "Suleli Tsvima" ("Crazy Rain"), which sold more than 60,000 copies in Georgia. Tsurtsumia also has sold more than 10,000 albums abroad, in Israel, the U.S., and Russia.
Tsurtsumia's songs are covered in other countries. In Armenia she's so popular, that songs like "Samba" and "Love Story" charted No. 1 in the country and were covered by Armenian singers.
After 2006, Tsurtsumia appeared on stage only with her live jazz band.
On 11 August 2006, she had a live concert in Zugdidi in front of more than 40,000 people.
In 2007, Tsurtsumia signed with the label Art Lend and her albums were distributed on some European e-stores, such as The Orchard.
Band.
Backing vocals
Sound engineer

</doc>
<doc id="6942569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942569" title="Low protein diet">
Low protein diet



</doc>
<doc id="6942577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942577" title="Balabac Strait">
Balabac Strait

The Balabac Strait (; ) is one of the straits that connects the South China Sea with the Sulu Sea. It separates Balabac Island (Palawan province), Philippines, from Balambangan and the Banggi Islands north of Borneo that are a part of Malaysia's Sabah state.
Description.
The strait is about wide with a maximum depth of around . It was therefore likely to have been below sea level before the last ice age and archaelogica; records indicate that there was an exchange of flora and fauna such as the Bornean tiger between Borneo and the Palawans.
Foreign relations.
In 2021, Chinese vessels passed through the strait without prior notice. In the same way, American submarines refused to surface. Because of this, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee drafted a bill to define the maritime zones of the Philippines. On June 19, 2024, four People's Liberation Army Navy vessels passed through the strait, with two vessels heading southwest at 1:49 p.m., while two other vessels headed the same direction at 3:56 p.m. The incident gained controversy online. The incident, with another near El Nido, caused fear amongst citizens.

</doc>
<doc id="6942579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942579" title="Micky Horswill">
Micky Horswill

Michael Frederick Horswill (born 6 March 1953) is an English former professional footballer, who played for Sunderland, Manchester City, Plymouth Argyle, Hull City, Happy Valley of Hong Kong and Carlisle United where he finished his career.
Playing career.
He started his footballing career at Sunderland at the age of just 12, until he signed as a youth player at 15 years old. In 1971, he signed his professional contract at the club, and made his debut on 4 April 1972 against Preston North End in a 3–1 win. His first goal in a Sunderland shirt came against Middlesbrough on 17 February 1973, when Sunderland won 4–0. Horswill played a role in Sunderland's run in their 1972–73 FA Cup run, as he played in every game, including the final of the tournament, where Sunderland, a Second Division side at the time, beat Leeds United 1–0. In total, he played 69 league games for the club, scoring three goals, before he moved on to Manchester City. While at Manchester City, he played rarely, making just 14 league appearances in two seasons at the club, without scoring a goal. He was then offloaded to Plymouth Argyle in 1975, where he established himself as a regular in the team, going on to eventually make 102 appearances, with three goals. He then moved to Hull City in 1978, where he went on to score six goals, in 84 league appearances. This was followed by a brief spell in Hong Kong, with Happy Valley, before he finished his playing career with Carlisle United, making a solitary appearance.
Broadcasting career.
After ending his footballing career, Horswill worked for Real Radio North East as a presenter of the station's Legends Football Phone-In, alongside Malcolm Macdonald and Bernie Slaven. The programme was axed after the 2011–12 season but was resurrected by Darlington-based station Star Radio North East, with Macdonald and Slaven joining Horswill again.
Honours.
Sunderland

</doc>
<doc id="6942580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942580" title="Biological structuralism">
Biological structuralism



</doc>
<doc id="6942581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942581" title="Wang Pong district">
Wang Pong district

Wang Pong (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the western part of Phetchabun province, central Thailand.
History.
The three "tambons" Wang Pong, Thai Dong, and Sap Poep were separated from Chon Daen district and made a minor district ("king amphoe") on 1 December 1983. It was upgraded to a full district on 21 May 1990.
The original name of this area was Ban Wang Din Pong.
Geography.
Neighboring districts are (from the north clockwise) Mueang Phetchabun and Chon Daen of Phetchabun Province, Tap Khlo of Phichit province, and Noen Maprang of Phitsanulok province.
Administration.
The district is divided into five sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 58 villages ("mubans"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambons") in the district: Wang Pong and Thai Dong, each covering parts of the same-named "tambons". There are a further five tambon administrative organizations (TAO).

</doc>
<doc id="6942586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942586" title="Brahea">
Brahea

Brahea is a genus of palms in the family Arecaceae. They are commonly referred to as hesper palms and are endemic to Mexico and Central America. All Hesper Palms have large, fan-shaped leaves.
The generic name honours Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe (1546-1601).

</doc>
<doc id="6942591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942591" title="Solomon Pasi">
Solomon Pasi



</doc>
<doc id="6942596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942596" title="Al Emmo and the Lost Dutchman's Mine">
Al Emmo and the Lost Dutchman's Mine

Al Emmo and the Lost Dutchman's Mine is an adventure game created by Himalaya Studios for the PC.
Development.
"Al Emmo and the Lost Dutchman's Mine" pays homage to the classic point-and-click adventure games popularized by Sierra and LucasArts during the 1980s and 1990s. Developed as a nostalgic tribute to the genre, the game was released on September 5, 2006.
This is the first original and commercial game created by Himalaya Studios. The same team was also responsible for designing the King's Quest 1 and 2 remakes at AGD Interactive. The game runs on the popular Adventure Game Studio engine and shows off some of the engine's more versatile features, such as fully lip-synced dialogue portraits and its ability to handle complex animations.
The game utilizes hand-painted backgrounds and pre-rendered 3D character animation frames.
In September 2012, an enhanced edition of the game featuring reworked 2D animated cut scenes and a new protagonist voice actor was announced. The enhanced edition was released in November 2013 on the Himalaya Studios website, and was made available on the Steam platform in May 2014.
Plot.
The plot is loosely based on the popular Arizonan legend of the Lost Dutchman's Gold Mine.
The game's protagonist, Al Emmo, is stranded in the barren desert land of Anozira after being stood up by a mail-order bride whom he had hoped would impress his parents. Following this, Al misses his train back to New York and is stuck in the wild west for a whole week without money, housing, or any knowledge for his next course of action.
Later, Al develops feelings for another woman, Rita Peralto, a beautiful singer at the local saloon. Al believes he has a chance with her until Antonio Bandanna, a dashing Spaniard, arrives and begins upstaging him at every turn. Al soon hears a legend of a lost gold mine in the nearby desert. Al sets out to find it, believing that if he can cure Rita's financial troubles, he can win her affection. It's only upon arrival that he discovers the mine's haunted nature.
Reception.
Online magazine "Adventure Gamers" praised the "engaging" story, the characters and the "inventive" puzzles but criticized the "horrible character animation" and the "annoying" voice of Christopher T. Warren who plays the main character Al Emmo.

</doc>
<doc id="6942610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942610" title="Davydov Stradivarius">
Davydov Stradivarius



</doc>
<doc id="6942616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942616" title="List of lead guitarists">
List of lead guitarists

The following is a list of significant lead guitarists, arranged in alphabetical order by last name. For rhythm guitarists see list of rhythm guitarists.

</doc>
<doc id="6942617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942617" title="Gulf of Davao">
Gulf of Davao



</doc>
<doc id="6942618" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942618" title="Armoured cavalry">
Armoured cavalry

Armoured cavalry are military units using armoured fighting vehicles (AFVs) instead of horses. They began to replace horse cavalry in the heavy shock and the light reconnaissance, skirmishing and exploitation/pursuit roles in most armies commencing after the First World War. In that succeeding capacity, the obsolete name "cavalry" was retained. 
Armoured cavalry, or simply armoured units, may be primarily equipped with heavy tanks or lighter and faster light tanks, armoured cars, or even scout cars in the case of what is often known as cavalry scout. Motorized or mechanized infantry may make up a portion of the unit in some countries, supported by either motorized or self-propelled artillery, with possibly airmobile troops on helicopters included.
Historical background.
Horse-mounted troops used various forms of armour for their own protection, and often added protective elements to their mount's tack. Horse armour included hardened leather in the ancient world, expanding to barding and even plate armour by the Middle Ages. From antiquity, light cavalry was generally more agile and more lightly protected than heavy cavalry, which used larger horses needed to carry heavier, more reinforced equipment and riders.
Between the late 17th and mid-19th centuries, armoured cavalry referred to those cavalry regiments that retained the cuirass, and were commonly known as cuirassiers. After the First World War cavalry units were mostly converted from horses to either armoured cars or tanks which became known as either mechanized cavalry fulfilling a reconnaissance role, or armoured cavalry serving in the offensive role that seeks to break through the enemy defences.
In October 1928, a new era began for the cavalry of the British Army when the 11th Hussars became the first regular cavalry regiment to "mechanize", to change from a horsed cavalry role to a mechanized one, re-equipping with armoured cars previously used by the Royal Tank Corps. Other regiments followed suit; in April 1939, the Royal Armoured Corps was formed to encompass the eighteen mechanized cavalry regiments of the line alongside the eight battalions of the Royal Tank Regiment, but did not include the Household Cavalry. The remaining two regular cavalry regiments were based in Palestine, and following the outbreak of war retained their horses until 1940 (the Royal Dragoon Guards) and 1941 (the Royal Scots Greys). Following mechanization, the few remaining distinctions of unit type became meaningless; cavalry regiments moved between the heavy and light armoured roles regardless of their names.
Vietnam: U.S. armoured cavalry.
U.S. Army armoured cavalry had the mission of reconnaissance and security. Unlike armoured and infantry units, U.S. Cavalry is organized into squadrons and troops, which are equivalent to battalions and companies respectively. A regiment of armoured cavalry, such as the 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment (the "Black Horse" Regiment) in Vietnam, consisted of three full squadrons of armoured cavalry. The squadron normally consisted of a headquarters troop, three cavalry troops, a tank company, a 155-mm self-propelled howitzer battery, and an aviation troop. The three ground troops were a mixture of M48 Patton or M551 Sheridan tanks and M113 ACAVs (Armored Cavalry Assault Vehicles). The aviation troop of the squadron was equipped with helicopters, consisting of UH-1 transports, OH-6 Cayuse scouts, OH-58 Kiowa scout/gunships, and AH-1 Cobra gunships.
Armoured cavalry regiments operated in country for the Corps/Theater Commander, while the squadrons operated as the "eyes and ears" for the US Army Division Commanders. An Army brigade would only be authorized a cavalry troop, and not a whole cavalry squadron.
According to Army doctrine, the cavalry would find the enemy, and hold the enemy in place, until the heavy forces were brought up to deal with the located enemy. This process was known as the "battle hand-off." At this point the cavalry is free to disengage and continue with other missions. Security missions could be rear guard, flank guard, or advance guard – the same functions as performed by infantrymen, only with tanks and ACAVs. With the infantry, the advance guard would be called the "point man".
During the Vietnam War, it was the mission of armour (tanks) to close with the enemy and defeat them using firepower, manoeuvre, and shock action. With the US Infantry, the mission was the same, minus the shock power. Artillery's mission was to add firepower to the equation. The US Armored Cavalry's mission was to find the enemy and/or provide security for the Army, while having the means to destroy the enemy if becoming decisively engaged. In Vietnam, the US Army deployed 1 Armored Cavalry Regiment (containing 3 squadrons and an aviation squadron), 7 Armored Cavalry Squadrons, and 2 Armored Cavalry Troops:
From about January 1969 until the last mounted unit re-deployed from Vietnam in 1972 (air units remained in country), most armoured cavalry units (except the 11th ACR's tank companies) were equipped with the M551 Sheridan "armored airborne reconnaissance assault vehicle" (today, known to historians as a "light tank").
Other usage.
Armoured cavalry units can use hunter-killer teams. Scout vehicles and tanks can operate in concert, suited respectively as "hunters" and "killers". For instance, in U.S. land forces, the cavalry scouts of a team (often mounted in M3 Bradley Cavalry Fighting Vehicles) go in search of enemy positions, and flush the enemy into a designated kill zone where the armored units can inflict more damage on the enemy than the "hunters" alone could hope to.
See also.
Current British cavalry regiments in armoured role

</doc>
<doc id="6942620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942620" title="Nagyherceg">
Nagyherceg



</doc>
<doc id="6942622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942622" title="Nagy Herceg">
Nagy Herceg



</doc>
<doc id="6942627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942627" title="River Winster">
River Winster

The River Winster is a river in the English county of Cumbria. The Winster was the boundary between the ancient counties of Lancashire and Westmorland. It has a relatively small catchment area; other streams flow parallel to it on either side.
The Winster is about 20 km or 12 miles long, and rises about 2 km south of Bowness-on-Windermere, between the hamlets of Winster and Storrs (the latter is on Windermere) and follows a southerly course, flowing past the settlements of Ludderburn, Hartbarrow and Bowland Bridge, before it is joined by Arndale Beck at Bridge House.
From there, the river continues through a valley between Whitbarrow and Cartmel Fell, flowing through Helton Tarn. It continues between the villages of Lindale and Meathop, and finally flows into the Kent estuary just downstream from Arnside.
A former course of the river joined the Kent at Blawith Point, and as a result the peninsula of Holme Island often changed hands between Lancashire and Westmorland.
Packhorse Bridges.
A packhorse bridge is a bridge intended to carry packhorses (horses loaded with sidebags or panniers) across a river or stream.
There are two packhorse bridges on this river near Winster. The Winster Bridge (1729 with 20th-century parapet) on the river at Another packhorse bridge (Probably 17th-century. Grade II listed) is on a tributary of the River Winster at , adjacent to A5074 road.

</doc>
<doc id="6942629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942629" title="Balabac Straits">
Balabac Straits



</doc>
<doc id="6942633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942633" title="Salome Chepchumba">
Salome Chepchumba

Salome Chepchumba (born 29 September 1982) is a female middle-distance runner from Kenya, who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase.

</doc>
<doc id="6942635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942635" title="Shereen Ratnagar">
Shereen Ratnagar

Shereen F. Ratnagar is an Indian archaeologist whose work has focused on the Indus Valley civilization. She is the author of several books and academic textbooks.
Education and Career.
Ratnagar was educated at Deccan College, University of Pune. She studied Mesopotamian archaeology at the Institute of Archaeology, University College London. She was a professor of archaeology and ancient history at the Centre for Historical Studies at the Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi. She retired in 2000, and is currently an independent researcher living in Mumbai. She is noted for work on investigating the factors contributing to the end of the Indus Valley Civilization.
Ayodhya dispute.
In May 2003, the Sunni Central Waqf Board—which rejected that the Babri Masjid used to be at the site of a Hindu temple—pleaded before the Allahabad High Court for allowing Ratnagar, Suraj Bhan, and Dhaneshwar Mandal to examine the excavation conducted by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) at the then-demolished mosque; the request was promptly granted. Ratnagar visited the site twice — once in June and then in September, with Mandal, after the excavations had ceased. All of them went on to depose as expert witnesses for the Waqf Board in the case, faulting the ASI for maintaining a poor stratigraphic record of the finds and rejecting their conclusion about finding a temple underneath the structure.
In 2007, Ratnagar and Mandal co-authored a highly critical appraisal of the excavation titled "Ayodhya: Archaeology after Excavation" (Tulika Publishers; New Delhi). This, however, brought the umbrage of the Court which held their public discussion of sub-judice matters—involving "in-camera" submissions like the ASI report and depositions by other witnesses—as contemptuous. Notwithstanding unconditional apologies on their part and the publisher withdrawing all unsold copies, they were subsequently ordered to submit token fines in what scholars have since characterized as judicial attempts to mediate as well as circumscribe the usual norms of academic debates.

</doc>
<doc id="6942641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942641" title="Hammock Camping">
Hammock Camping



</doc>
<doc id="6942648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942648" title="Balabac Island">
Balabac Island

Balabac Island is the southernmost island of Palawan province, and therefore the westernmost undisputed island in the Philippines, some north of Sabah, Malaysia, across the Balabac Strait. Administratively, the island forms the main part of the municipality of Balabac and is divided into 14 barangays (the other six barangays of the municipality are on other nearby islands):
Geography.
Environment.
Balabac is home to various endemic species, of which the Philippine mouse-deer is an example. The island has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports significant populations of grey imperial-pigeons, Palawan scops-owls, Palawan hornbills, Philippine cockatoos, blue-headed racket-tails, Palawan tits, melodius and ashy-headed babblers, white-vented shamas, Palawan blue-flycatchers, yellow-throated leafbirds and Palawan flowerpeckers.
Demography.
The Molbogs, a Muslim ethnolinguistic group, are concentrated on the island. Their livelihood includes farming, fishing and barter trading with the nearby Mapun and Sabah market centres.
Historical and strategic context.
The island borders the West Philippine Sea, a portion of the South China Sea, and therefore borders the area of the territorial disputes in the South China Sea among the Philippines and particularly mainland China, but also including the Republic of China (Taiwan), Vietnam, Malaysia, and Brunei. Balabac is about 140 nautical miles from Mischief Reef, termed "Panganiban Reef" by the Philippines, which the mainland Chinese government occupied in 1995 and subsequently turned into one of its largest artificial islands within what the Philippines considers its exclusive economic zone. Balabac hosts Naval Station Narciso Del Rosario of the Philippine Navy and will host the United States Military under the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA).
The Balabac Military Runway (BMR) is a 3 km military runway with a P305 million concrete pier — along with a beaching ramp — at the Naval Station Narciso del Rosario. It is one of five locations covered by the expanded EDCA and is a part of the 2017 Tatag ng Imprastraktura Para sa Kapayapaan and Seguridad program to service military and civilian aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="6942652" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942652" title="Metkei">
Metkei

Metkei is a county assembly ward in Elgeyo Marakwet County, Kenya. Metkei has a population of 12945 (2011) contained in these villages: Kapchorua, Kamwosor, Kombatich, Kimamet, Cheboge, Kiptengwer, Kipsaos, Kabirirsus, and Tugumoi. Steeplechase runner Jeruto Kiptum was born here.

</doc>
<doc id="6942656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942656" title="Macassar Strait">
Macassar Strait



</doc>
<doc id="6942663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942663" title="Fitzpatrick's Herbal Health">
Fitzpatrick's Herbal Health



</doc>
<doc id="6942668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942668" title="Hardingstone">
Hardingstone

Hardingstone is a village in Northamptonshire, England. It is on the southern edge of Northampton, and now forms a suburb of the town. It is about from the town centre. The Newport Pagnell road (the B526, formerly part of the A50) separates the village from the nearby village of Wootton, which has also been absorbed into the urban area.
The parish includes part of the Brackmills Industrial Estate, and borders Delapré Abbey.
History.
Hardingstone is first mentioned in Domesday Book.
The parish is rich in archaeological remains, having remants of both the prehistoric and Roman periods.
Etymology.
The village's name means 'Hearding's Thorn-tree'. 
Iron Ore Quarries.
Iron ore quarrying began at Hardingstone in about 1852. It is likely that quarrying had ceased by 1860. The quarry was to the east of the old village area and to the north of the Bedford Road. Part of it has had houses built on it and Landimore Road now crosses the site as well as a footpath. Traces of the quarry are visible. The ore was taken away by a tramway leading to the Northampton to Peterborough railway line (now closed.) It is likely that the upper part of the tramway was worked by a stationary steam engine. Part of the route of the tramway has been built over and part (near to the railway) has been dug up by gravel workings or flood prevention works and flooded. There were later workings in the Far Cotton part of the old Hardingstone Parish.
The "Blazing car" murder.
Hardingstone Lane was the scene of the '"Blazing Car Murder"' of 6th November 1930 which attracted national press interest. The offender, Alfred Rouse, was tried at Northampton Assizes and subsequently hanged in Bedford Gaol on 10 March 1931. The male victim has never been identified and was buried at Hardingstone church. In January 2014, it was revealed that DNA had been found in the Northamptonshire 'blazing car' murder case and the identity of the victim might at last be found. However, the family who feared for more than 80 years that their relative was the victim were told by scientists the victim's DNA did not match theirs. In October 2014, scientists trying to identify the murder victim said they were down to nine strong leads. In December 2014, Dr John Bond, forensic science expert at the University of Leicester, said he would look into the possibility of a Mr Brick from Wales being the victim of Rouse. To date no one has been formally identified.
Administration.
There are two tiers of local government covering Hardingstone, at parish and unitary authority level: Hardingstone Parish Council and West Northamptonshire Council, based in Northampton. The parish council is based at the Parish Rooms on the High Street.
Administrative history.
Hardingstone was an ancient parish. The Northampton parliamentary constituency was extended south of the River Nene in 1868 to include the Cotton End and Far Cotton areas of the parish. In 1871 the parts of the parish within the Northampton constituency were made a local government district called Hardingstone, although the village itself was in the part of the parish outside the local government district.
The Hardingstone district was enlarged in 1874 to take in the ecclesiastical parish of St James, which had been created in 1872 covering the growing western suburbs of Northampton.
Local government districts were reconstituted as urban districts under the Local Government Act 1894, which also said that parishes could no longer straddle district boundaries. Hardingstone parish was therefore reduced to cover just the part of the parish outside the urban district, whilst the part inside the urban district became a parish called Far Cotton. The confusion of having a Hardingstone Urban District which did not contain Hardingstone itself did not last long; in 1896 the urban district was divided into two urban districts called Far Cotton and St James, both of which were abolished four years later in 1900 and absorbed into the county borough of Northampton.
The rural parish of Hardingstone was included in the Hardingstone Rural District from 1894 to 1932 and the Northampton Rural District from 1932 to 1974. In 1968 Hardingstone was included within the designated area for the expansion of Northampton as a new town, and six years later in 1974 the parish was absorbed into the borough of Northampton, whilst remaining a civil parish. The borough of Northampton was abolished in 2021 to become part of West Northamptonshire.
Demographics.
The 2001 census showed there were 2,015 people living in the parish: 978 males and 1,037 females in 885 households. The 2011 census showed a very minor reduction to 2,014. The 2021 census showed an increase to 2,225, a 10% increase from 2011. 
Geography.
Brackmills.
To the north-east of the village is the large Brackmills Industrial Estate. The estate was chosen as the site of a 400 ft wind turbine erected by the Asda supermarket chain at one of their warehouses, but this was rejected by the planners.
Facilities.
The original village school was built around 1860-70 by General Bouverie; this building remained open until the 1972 when the primary school was transferred to a more modern building in Martin's Lane, and the old school was transferred to Northampton County Council (Social Services) who now let it to the Hardingstone Village Hall Association.
The village has two pubs: "The Crown" and "The Sun" along with a post office, corner shop and several hairdressers.
Queen Eleanor's Cross.
On the edge of the village, on the road going into Northampton, can be found one of only three remaining Eleanor crosses.
The cross commemorates the resting at nearby Delapré Abbey of the body of Queen Eleanor of Castile; King Edward I stayed at nearby Northampton Castle. The cross was begun in 1291 by John of Battle; he worked with William of Ireland to carve the statues; William was paid five marks (£3 6s. 8d. or £3.33) per figure.
The cross is octagonal and set on some steps, the present ones being replacements. The cross is built in three tiers and originally had a crowning terminal – possibly a cross. It is not known when this was lost, but it had been lost by the time of the second Battle of Northampton in 1460. Its bottom tier features open books; these probably included painted inscriptions of Eleanor's biography and of prayers for her soul to be said by viewers, which are now lost.
The cross is referred to in Daniel Defoe's "A tour thro' the whole island of Great Britain", where he reports on the Great Fire of Northampton in 1675:
... a townsman being at Queen's Cross upon a hill on the south side of the town, about two miles off, saw the fire at one end of the town then newly begun, and that before he could get to the town it was burning at the remotest end, opposite where he first saw it.
Restoration work was completed in 2019.
Whilst the cross was historically part of Hardingstone village, it is now administratively within Far Cotton and Delapre.
Church.
The parish church of St Edmund dates back to the 12th century and is mentioned in documents from 1107. Nikolaus Pevsner considered that the body of the church had been over-restored. He mentions no features as early as the 12th century but refers to the tower as from the thirteenth century and arcades of the fourteenth century with octagonal piers. 
Many members of the Bouverie family (owners of nearby Delapré Abbey) are buried in the vault. The family used this as their family church because the Abbey, after the Dissolution of the Monasteries, lacked its own chapel.
When Bishop of Peterborough, William Connor Magee circulated questions to the clergy of the Rural Deanery of Northampton in preparation for formal visitations held in the years 1872, 1875, 1878, 1882 and 1888. These and the answers provided have been published, including a detailed introduction describing the condition of the town at that time and associated issues. Hardingstone is one of the parishes included.
During the Second World War the stained glass windows were removed for safety but afterwards could not be found. Some people believe that they might be in the Bouverie family vault, but this is bricked up and the mystery remains.

</doc>
<doc id="6942673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942673" title="Kabirirsang">
Kabirirsang

Kabirirsang is a village near Kapsabet in the Nandi Hills in Nandi County, Kenya. Administratively, Kabirirsang is a location in Kilibwoni division of Nandi County. Its local authority is Kapsabet municipality and local constituency is Emgwen.
Kabirirsang is the birthplace of several famous Kenyan runners, such as Henry Rono, Janeth Jepkosgei, Wilson Kipketer and Wilfred Bungei. It is also home to Kabirirsang High School. Kabirirsang Center the long-time market place of the locals, is located at top the hill near the main road. Kabirirsang was famously known for British white settlers who practiced farming.

</doc>
<doc id="6942678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942678" title="Amchitka Pass">
Amchitka Pass

Amchitka Pass is a strait in Alaska, United States. It is the largest pass in the Aleutian Islands on the 180th meridian, between the Rat Islands group to the west and the Delarof Islands to the east. Amchitka Pass has a least width of and depths of to over . The islands on both sides of the pass should be cleared by at least . Heavy tide rips have been observed off the east end of Amchitka Island. The pass is dangerous in heavy weather, particularly for small and medium craft; currents appear erratic in direction and velocities may be strong. This may account for reports of very large seas and strong tide rips.

</doc>
<doc id="6942681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942681" title="SPSC">
SPSC

SPSC may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6942688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942688" title="Triacetoneperoxid">
Triacetoneperoxid



</doc>
<doc id="6942691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942691" title="List of rhythm guitarists">
List of rhythm guitarists

The following is a list of rhythm guitarists, arranged in ascending alphabetical order of last name. 
Rhythm guitarists perform a combination of two functions: they provide all or part of the rhythmic pulse in conjunction with other rhythm section instruments (bass and drums) and they provide all or part of the harmony, i.e. the chords.
For a list of lead guitarists see List of lead guitarists. Only add names here if the person has their own article on Wikipedia, please. Anything else will be removed.

</doc>
<doc id="6942694" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942694" title="Designer board games">
Designer board games



</doc>
<doc id="6942695" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942695" title="Richard Mateelong">
Richard Mateelong

Richard Kipkemboi Mateelong (born 14 October 1983) is a Kenyan professional long-distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metre steeplechase. He won an Olympic bronze medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and he has two World Championship medals in the discipline.
Career.
He was born in Lenape village, near Narok town in 1983. He started running in 1998, while at high school. He graduated from Moi Amalo Secondary School in 2001 and then joined Kenya Police. In 2004 he finished fifth at the Kenyan Olympic trials, missing the Olympics but was selected for the African Championships, where he won a silver medal.
Mainly competing on the European track and field circuit, he qualified for the IAAF World Athletics Final in 2004, 2005 and 2006, eventually winning a silver medal in the latter edition. His times continued to improve and his new personal best of 8:07.50 set in Rome made him the third fastest man that year. The 2007 season marked a breakthrough for Mateelong as he reached the podium at his first World Championships by taking the bronze medal in the men's steeplechase race. He closed the year with a second consecutive silver at the World Athletics Final.
He made a strong start to the 2008 season, becoming African steeplechase champion at the 2008 African Championships in Athletics. He went on to win his first ever Olympic medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics later that year, finishing behind compatriot Brimin Kipruto and Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad in the Olympic final. He again managed to get in the medals at the 2008 IAAF World Athletics Final and won bronze on that occasion.
The 2009 World Championships in Athletics brought a new steeplechase best of 8:00.89 for Mateelong, and although he did not beat Ezekiel Kemboi it was enough to win his first silver medal at the global championship level. He competed at the 2009 IAAF World Athletics Final (the final edition of the competition) but failed to maintain his form and finished eighth.
He ran in the Giro Media Blenio 10K in 2010 and finished in third place behind Moses Mosop and Imane Merga.
At the Doha 2012 Diamond League meeting, Mateelong was second to compatriot Paul Koech in the steeplechase, in a new personal best time of 7:56.81. This makes Mateelong the eighth fastest man in history. He came fourth behind Abel Mutai at the Kenyan Olympic trials, however, meaning he did not gain selection for the Kenyan team.
, he lives in Nyeri and is married with one child. He is managed by Gianni Demadonna. He is technically advised by Renato Canova.

</doc>
<doc id="6942699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942699" title="Amchitka Island">
Amchitka Island



</doc>
<doc id="6942702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942702" title="Marilyn Mailman Segal">
Marilyn Mailman Segal

Marilyn Mailman Segal (Marilyn Segal; died 2014) was an American developmental psychologist, author and educator specializing in early childhood. She is the founder and dean emeritus of the Family Center at Nova Southeastern University in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Her numerous books include the five volume "Your Child at Play" series.
She received a B.A. from Wellesley College in 1948, a B.S. in social work from McGill University in 1949, and a Ph.D. in social psychology from Nova University in 1970. She established a doctoral program in early childhood education in 1972 and founded the Family Center in 1975. In 2002 it was renamed the Mailman Segal Institute for Early Childhood Studies.
Her businessman father, Abraham Mailman, was the founder of the Mailman Foundation with his brother Joseph Mailman. She is chair emeritus of the A. L. Mailman Family Foundation (named after her father) and is a trustee of the University of Miami.
A family gift of Old Master paintings to Duke University has been named in her honor. She died on November 19, 2014. Richard D. Segal is her son.

</doc>
<doc id="6942705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942705" title="Marilyn Segal">
Marilyn Segal



</doc>
<doc id="6942723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942723" title="Access structure">
Access structure

Access structures are used in the study of security systems where multiple parties need to work together to obtain a resource. Groups of parties that are granted access are called qualified. In set theoretic terms they are referred to as qualified sets; in turn, the set of all such qualified sets is called the access structure of the system. Less formally it is a description of who needs to cooperate with whom in order to access the resource. 
Background.
In its original use in cryptography, the resource was a secret shared among the participants. Only subgroups of participants contained in the access structure are able to join their shares to recompute the secret. More generally, the resource can also be a task that a group of people can complete together, such as creating a digital signature, or decrypting an encrypted message.
It is reasonable to assume that access structures are monotone in the sense that, if a subset S is in the access structure, all sets that contain S as a subset should also form part of the access structure.

</doc>
<doc id="6942727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942727" title="Farallon Plate">
Farallon Plate



</doc>
<doc id="6942742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942742" title="Kachingo">
Kachingo

Kachingo was a short-lived "card free" customer rewards programme in New Zealand. Every time a customer spent over a certain amount at any one of the participating retail outlets, the customer would receive a ticket with a Game Line on it and could receive additional game lines by spending a higher amount or purchasing certain items in store. Each Game Line gave the customer a chance to win money. 
Despite plans to launch the concept globally, the program never spread elsewhere; and closed down in New Zealand 2003, after about three years of operation.
History.
Kachingo was invented by Chris Berryman and sold to Strathmore Group in December 1999, run by Global Online systems. At the time it was a notable Linux-based system.
The programme was first trialed at Super Liquor outlets across New Zealand in December 2000. In October 2001, BP, Woolworths, Big Fresh, Price Chopper and KFC (Auckland North only) all joined the Kachingo programme offering rewards to customers shopping at participating stores. 
Originally Kachingo included 3 draws from the one ticket, the first draw was a daily draw for $1000, the second a weekly draw for $10,000 and then a monthly draw for at least $250,000. In order to win the top prize the ticketholder needed to get all six numbers and the power number. In April 2002 the daily and weekly draws were dropped and the weekly draw was now for $100,000 each week, smaller prizes were for $5, $20 and $1000. As a bonus sometimes shoppers received instant prizes when making a Kachingo purchase these prizes included chocolate bars, Coke and Cadbury Creme Eggs. 
Checking tickets could be done on the Kachingo website, on Teletext and in the store of any participating retailer. The Kachingo website rapidly became one of the most frequently visited in the country. Some stores had self checkers that customers could use to check tickets themselves prior to redeeming any winning tickets at the counter. Staff at the store could also check for winners by using their Point of Sale system. 
Closure.
Kachingo ceased operations in New Zealand in March 2003. This followed the withdrawal of KFC, Progressive Enterprises and BP, and rumoured financial problems as redemptions rates increased. In announcing the demise of the program, operator Global Online claimed that the concept was to be launched elsewhere, this appears not to have come to fruition. In April 2003, Strathmore Group announced a write-down of NZ$492,000 associated with the demise of the program.

</doc>
<doc id="6942750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942750" title="Temperance bar">
Temperance bar

A temperance bar, also known as an alcohol-free bar, sober bar, or dry bar, is a type of bar that does not serve alcoholic beverages. An alcohol-free bar can be a business establishment or located in a non-business environment or event, such as at a wedding. Alcohol-free bars typically serve non-alcoholic beverages, such as non-alcoholic cocktails known as mocktails, alcohol-free beer or low-alcohol beer, alcohol-free wine, juice, soft drinks and water. Popular temperance drinks include cream soda, dandelion and burdock, sarsaparilla, and Vimto, among others. Various foods may also be served.
History.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, a number of temperance bars were established in conjunction with various temperance organisations. Originally, these advocated a moderate approach to life, especially concerning the consumption of alcohol. Later they moved toward abstinence from alcohol. Temperance bars with full temperance licenses (allowing them to serve on Sundays despite English trading laws) were once common in many high streets and shopping areas in the North of England. The temperance movement had a massive following, fueled mainly by nonconformist Christian denominations, such as Methodists.
Temperance bars were the first outlet for the drinks Coca-Cola and Vimto in the early 20th century. They were also sometimes called "temperance taverns".
In the past, the bars quite often asked their patrons to sign a pledge of temperance, meaning that they would abstain from intoxicating liquors; today's wave of alcohol-free bars are frequented by both teetotalers and drinkers who wish to have fun in a drink-free environment. The recent popularity of alcohol-free bars is fueled by the declining usage of alcohol amongst the millennial generation, as well as the increased availability of information regarding the negative effects of alcohol on health.
By country.
Australia.
In the 19th century coffee palaces were established as alcohol-free hotels in Australia.
New Zealand.
In 2015 the first alcohol-free bar in New Zealand, located in Auckland and named Tap Bar, went out of business five weeks after opening due to a lack of consumer interest, in which few patrons showed up.
United Kingdom.
Some cities in the United Kingdom have alcohol-free bars and public houses. The popularity of alcohol-free bars has increased in the United Kingdom, and they are "often funded by anti-alcoholism charities."
Mr Fitzpatrick's in Rawtenstall is one of the first and original temperance bars surviving from the late 1800s, when it was established. The Fitzpatricks came to Lancashire from Ireland in the 1880s. A family of many herbalists, they built a family-run chain of shops throughout Lancashire. These shops dealt in their non-alcoholic drinks, sold herbal remedies, and cordial bottles. At their peak, the Fitzpatrick family owned 24 shops, all brewing drinks to the original recipes from Ireland. As new drinks came from America, the temperance bars slowly waned. Fitzpatrick's, supported by loyal customers, survived. The Rawtenstall branch of Fitzpatrick's was run from 1891 until 1980 by family members. It is now run by new owners, with the objective of returning Fitzpatrick's Cordials to the market. Following a brief closure in early 2016, Fitzpatrick's reopened for business on 25 March 2016.
Mr Fitzpatrick's is notable for its old copper hot water dispenser which was originally a fixture at the Astoria Ballroom in Rawtenstall. It has also won an award as the country's "Best Sarsaparilla Brewer", and an award for its dandelion and burdock, a year later.
In 2013, a new temperance bar opened in Rotherham, the Whistle Stop Sweet Shop &amp; Temperance Bar.
An alcohol-free bar named "The Brink" opened in Liverpool in 2011. The Brink is also a drug-free bar, and is run by the charity Action on Addiction with support from the Big Lottery Fund.
An alcohol-free bar named Redemption is located at the base of the Trellick Tower in North Kensington, London, England. It originated as a pop-up restaurant, and opened as a permanent establishment in July 2015. Redemption also serves vegan food that is locally sourced, and its menu is based upon providing nutritional foods and beverages. Its owners have stated that it is a "sober and cruelty-free bar." Redemption also utilizes a zero waste policy. The Netil House is another alcohol-free bar located in London.
Sobar in Nottingham is an alcohol-free bar operated by a charity, Double Impact, which works with both alcohol and drug addiction. It received funding from the Big Lottery Fund and employs people who have been addicts.
In January 2020, BrewDog established BrewDog AF, an alcohol-free bar on Old Street in Shoreditch, London. Alcoholic drinks were subsequently introduced to the venue, which was rebranded to BrewDog Old Street. It closed in 2022.
An alcohol-free bar named Universe exists in Coventry, England near Coventry University.
Scotland.
A temporary bar named DRY was active in Edinburgh in early 2017. More recently, the Black Axe Throwing Company operated an alcohol-free bar in 2023 until November of that year. In August 2025, it was announced that a bar called SOBR would open in Aberdeen that October.
United States.
The Other Side is an alcohol-free bar located in Crystal Lake, Illinois, a Chicago suburb, that strives to provide a place that is "exactly like a bar" for recovering alcoholics.
Getaway is an alcohol-free bar in Greenpoint, a neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York that opened in April 2019 and serves alcohol-free mixed drinks, shrubs, sodas, and teas.
Listen Bar is an alcohol-free bar in New York open one night every month. All their bartenders are musicians, including special guests Savoir Adore and Sir Babygirl. They have risen to popularity following favorable reviews in Refinery29, VICE and features on the Today Show, Good Morning America and more.
Awake is an alcohol-free bar in Denver, Colorado. It has been featured in Good Morning America, Forbes, AP, Sunset, and the Denver Post.
Popular drinks served.
Temperance bars serve a variety of non-alcoholic mixed drinks, including:

</doc>
<doc id="6942785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942785" title="Comix 2000">
Comix 2000

Comix 2000 was an international one-shot independent comic book published in 1999 by L'Association (France) and distributed in the United States by Fantagraphics Books.
All the comics featured in "Comix 2000" are wordless in order to accommodate readers of any nationality. Notable contributors to "Comix 2000" include Jessica Abel, Edmond Baudoin, Nick Bertozzi, , Émile Bravo, David B., Mike Diana, Julie Doucet, Renée French, Tom Hart, Dylan Horrocks, Megan Kelso, Patrice Killoffer, James Kochalka, Étienne Lécroart, Jean-Christophe Menu, Brian Ralph, Ron Regé, Jr., Joann Sfar, R. Sikoryak, Lewis Trondheim, Chris Ware, Skip Williamson, and Aleksandar Zograf.
The book's layout resembles that of a dictionary, with 2000 pages of comics depicting the work of 324 authors from 29 different countries, plus an introduction—in ten different languages—and a bibliography for each contributor.

</doc>
<doc id="6942786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942786" title="Puducherry Technological University">
Puducherry Technological University

Puducherry Technological University (PTU) is a Government Funded Technical institute (GFTI) under central government and Ministry of Education of India, public technical and research university of the Union Territory of Puducherry by upgrading Pondicherry Engineering College (PEC) with the approval of University Grants Commission. PTU was inaugurated by M. Venkaiah Naidu, the then Vice President of India, on 13 September 2021. The university was established in 1984 by The Ministry of Education, Government of India under the Seventh Five Year Plan to meet the requirement of an engineering institution in the Union Territory of Puducherry. 
Nine UG and Thirteen PG programs in core engineering disciplines besides MCA and Ph.D. programs in all engineering disciplines and basic sciences are currently offered in the university. The college enjoys significant autonomy for administration.
Location.
The campus is situated at Pillaichavady, which is about 12km from Puducherry railway station and the bus-stand in Pondicherry. It is about 150km south of Chennai (Madras) on the shores of Bay of Bengal.
Campus.
The of the campus has departmental buildings, an auditorium, library, hostels, students' amenities centre, open-air theatre, residential quarters for staff and laid out with roads, lawns and gardens. The central library has over 48000 books, 72 national journals, 98 international journals and INDEST (Indian National Digital Library of Science and Technology), this facility is available for the use of staff and students.
There is a well furnished guest house and a well equipped dispensary. A 12 Mbit/s fibre-optical campus network available on the campus premises.
The institute has two basketball courts and one football ground/cricket ground.
Departments.
There are 12 departments:
Student life.
Students' Councils.
Each department has its own students' council organising various conferences, workshops and seminars on the cutting-edge technologies, to teach students the latest trends in their field. The councils also encourage students to conduct various online and offline events to help them network with staff and fellow students.
Cybyrus.
Cybyrus is a symposium conducted by student's council of the computer science department. Cybyrus 2k20 was conducted with the participation of more than 1000 students from different colleges.
Revelation.
Revelation is a quadrennial technical festival of the Department of Electronics and Instrumentation Engineering, managed by the student council of EIE, fusion. It showcased various creative and technical ideas of students from all over India.
Genesis.
Genesis is a Quadrennial technical festival organised by students of the electronics and communication engineering department of PEC. A wide range of competitions, workshops and events are organised once every 4 years to familiarize students with new technologies. The latest version of Genesis was named Genesis 2K19 featured a paper presentation competition, robot wars, a technical quiz, a poster presentation, and a design competition. It also hosted a technical workshop on Robotics which was a grand workshop in which students from all over Tamil Nadu participated.
Intronix.
Intronix is an annual inter collegiate technical festival organised by students of the electronics and instrumentation engineering department of PEC. The fest was launched to encourage interest in robotics and technology. A wide range of competitions, workshops and events are organised every year to familiarize students with new technologies.
Marakriti.
Marakriti (robot in Sanskrit), the school's robotics club, was started on the year 2009. The goal of Marakrithi is to boost interest in the cross discipline areas of robotics, including mechanical engineering, electronics, and software development.
Mechnium.
Mechnium is a Quadrennial Technical festival organised by the students of the Mechanical Engineering department on behalf of the Department of Mechanical Engineering. The latest version of Mechnium was named Mechnium 2K18. It hosted more than 500 participants from more than 100 colleges. MECHNIUM 2K18 featured a paper presentation competition, robo wars, a technical quiz, a poster presentation, and a design competition. It also hosted a technical workshop on the latest topics of mechanical engineering.
Training and Placement Centre.
Training and Placement Centre of PTU actively involved in preparing the students to fit them according to the needs of companies. 1 year extensive training in Aptitude, Technical and Coding (Basic and Advanced) are provided to all the students.
PEC Alumni Association.
The Alumni Association is formed to provide a forum for the students who have graduated to keep in touch with each other and with the Alma Mater. The membership is open to all graduates. It is obligatory for every student to become a life member of the association by payment of Rs.100 at the time of admission. The faculty is its honorary members. An Executive Committee elected by the General Body at its annual meeting manages the office of the Alumni Association.
Rankings.
Pondicherry Engineering College was ranked 122 among engineering colleges by the National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) in 2020, but its ranking decreased to 150 in 2022 and further to 183 in 2023. In 2017, 2018, and 2019 it was ranked 38, 53, and 76 respectively. 
The National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) ranked the university between 201-300 in the engineering rankings in 2024.

</doc>
<doc id="6942789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942789" title="Sikh discipline">
Sikh discipline

In Sikh discipline (Gurmukhi: ਸਿੱਖ ਅਨੁਸ਼ਾਸਨ; "sikha anuśāsana"), a Sikh is required by the Sikh Gurus to live a disciplined life by doing pure and righteous deeds and actions. The following are the list of activities that a Sikh should engages in:
5 Banis - The initiated Sikh is asked by the Panj Piare during the Amrit Sanchar ceremony to recite the following 5 banis every morning as a commitment to the Sikh Gurus and Waheguru. The 5 Banis are: Japji Sahib, Jaap Sahib, Anand Sahib, Benti Chaupai and Tav parsad Savaiye - these banis are usually recited daily by all devoted Sikhs in the early morning.
Five Ks or "panj kakaar/kakke", are five items of faith that baptised Khalsa Sikhs wear at all times at the command of the tenth Sikh Guru, Guru Gobind Singh who so ordered at the Baisakhi Amrit Sanchar in 1699. The Five Ks are not merely symbols but articles of faith which collectively form the external visible symbols to identify and clearly and outwardly advertise and display one's commitment and dedication to the order (Hukam) of the tenth master. Guru Gobind Singh ordered his followers to wear the Five Ks so that they could actively use them to make a difference to their own and to others' spirituality. However, Sikhi recognises the concept of a multi-level approach to achieving one's target as a disciple of the faith as well. For example, “Sahajdhari” (slow adopters) are those Sikhs who have not yet donned the full Five Ks.
Five Thieves or pancadokh or panj vikar as they are referred to in Sikh Scripture, the Guru Granth Sahib, are, according to Sikhi, the five thieves that steal the senses of the human personality and are at variance with its spiritual essence. These five "thieves" comprise Kam (Lust), Krodh (Rage), Lobh (Greed), Moh (Attachment) and Ahankar (ego) in Punjabi.
Five Virtues - For Sikhs, the final goal of life is to reunite or merge with God (Mukti). The Sikh Gurus taught that to achieve this goal it was important to work hard at developing positive human qualities which lead the soul closer to God. The Gurus taught that all human beings have the qualities they need to reunite with God but they must train their minds to make the most of these qualities. In order to reach the final goal of life, Sikhs believe that they must constantly develop their love for God by developing compassion for all God’s creation.
Simran - In Sikhi, Simran () refers to the repetition or recital of the God Names: Nām or of the Holy Text from the Granths of the Sikhs: the Sri Guru Granth Sahib. The word is derived from Sanskrit or Prakrit word "smarana" meaning Remembrance. Also translates to ‘Meditation’ – The verb "Simar", which is derived from "Simran" means "meditating".
Sewa - To perform selfless service, without any thought of reward or personal benefit. All Sikhs are encouraged by their Guru (Shiri Guru Granth Sahib) to perform Seva or Selfless Service. This is not only good for community relations but also is good for the moral upliftment. You will find Sikhs engaged in free service in Gurdwaras washing dishes or cleaning the floors, etc. Sikhs are also encouraged to help the community by performing unpaid work in Hospitals, Old Peoples' Homes, Community Centres, etc.
Three pillars of Sikhi

</doc>
<doc id="6942810" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942810" title="Maha Senanurak">
Maha Senanurak

Maha Senanurak (; 29 March 1773 – 16 July 1817) was a Viceroy appointed by his brother Phutthaloetla Naphalai as the titular heir to the throne. Maha Senanurak was known for his leadership of the Siamese campaign against the Burmese invasion of Thalang in 1809.
Early life.
Chui was born to Chao Phraya Chakri (future King Phutthayotfa Chulalok or Rama I) and his wife Nak (future Queen Amarindra) in 1773. In 1782, Chao Phraya Chakri crowned himself as the first monarch of the Chakri dynasty of Siam at Bangkok. Chui was then made a prince. He was later awarded the title "Krom Khun" Senanurak. Prince Senanurak was known to be close to his only true brother Prince and Front Palace Isarasundhorn (future Phutthaloetla Naphalai or Rama II). In 1807 Prince Isarasundhorn made his brother Prince Senanurak his successor to the Front Palace (). In 1809, King Phutthayotfa Chulalok died. As a result, the Front Palace Isarasundhorn ascended the throne as King. The new King appointed Prince Senanurak as the next the Front Palace lord, and as his successor.
Countering the Burmese invasions.
In 1809 King Bodawpaya of Burma sent his troops to invade Thalang (modern Phuket.) Phutthaloetla Naphalai sent Maha Senanurak to counter this invasion. Around the same time Prince Kasatranuchit, a son of King Taksin of Thonburi and his sister Princess Chimyai, staged a rebellion to reclaim the throne. The rebellion was quickly suppressed by Prince Chetsadabodin (future King Rama III). Maha Senanurak's wife, Princess Samlee, a daughter of Taksin, was executed for treason.
Death.
Senanurak fell ill and died in 1817. For the rest of his reign King Rama II refused to appoint a new Front Palace, perhaps leading to the brief confusion in the succession between his sons Chetsadabodin and Mongkut after his death in 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="6942813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942813" title="Hrubý">
Hrubý

Hrubý (feminine Hrubá) is a Czech and Slovak surname, meaning "crude", "rough", "gross" or (in the old Czech) "big". The last meaning is how the surname was formed. People with this surname include:
The word and its derivatives are also contained in many names of places in the Czech Republic and Slovakia

</doc>
<doc id="6942817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942817" title="Lake Razim">
Lake Razim



</doc>
<doc id="6942825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942825" title="Simon Bredon">
Simon Bredon

Simon Bredon ( 1300 – 1372) was an English astronomer, mathematician, and physician and priest. He was a member of the Merton School, Oxford, elected a Fellow of Merton c. 1330, perhaps until the year 1342, having formerly been a member of Balliol. He was a Doctor of Medicine of the University of Oxford. He left manuscripts and scientific instruments to a number of Oxford colleges, perhaps including the bequest of the Oriel astrolabe (c. 1340), which is now in the Museum of the History of Science.
He was one of the earliest European mathematicians to work on trigonometry.
Authorship of the treatise "The equatorie of the planetis" has been attributed to Bredon, though also to Geoffrey Chaucer or another contemporary. The "Theorica planetarum" in the past attributed to him is now thought to be by Walter Brit.

</doc>
<doc id="6942829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942829" title="OBX Index">
OBX Index

The OBX Index is a stock market index which lists the 25 most liquid companies on the main index of the Oslo Stock Exchange in Norway. All stocks on the OBX list can be traded with options and futures. The companies on the OBX list are rotated twice a year, on the third Friday of June and December.
List of companies in the index.
The following 25 companies constitute the OBX list as of the semi-annual review effective 23 September 2024.
History.
In 2003 the index showed 100 points. In May 2008 it showed 522 points.
Biggest drop in one day.
The worst performing days for the OBX Index are:

</doc>
<doc id="6942838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942838" title="One Missed Call 2">
One Missed Call 2

 is a 2005 Japanese horror film directed by Renpei Tsukamoto and a sequel to the 2004 film "One Missed Call".
Plot.
Kindergarten teacher Kyoko Okudera is invited by her friend Madoka Uchiyama to dinner at a Chinese restaurant, where Kyoko's boyfriend Naoto Sakurai, a photographer's assistant, works part-time. The chef, Jianfeng Wang, intercepts the cursed phone call from his daughter Meifeng's phone, redirecting the curse towards him. Meifeng later arrives with a new phone and exchanges her new phone number with Kyoko and Madoka, the latter receiving the cursed call immediately afterwards. Naoto heads to the kitchen and discovers Mr. Wang dead with half of his face burned off.
At the crime scene, journalist Takako Nozoe learns from Detective Yusaku Motomiya about traces of coal found in Mr. Wang's body as well as the fact that Yumi Nakamura is still declared missing ever since she killed Hiroshi Yamashita a year before. She personally questions Naoto the next day and tells him about the cursed call, the victims it claimed over the previous year, and its origin: Mimiko Mizunuma. Meanwhile, Kyoko's video chat with Madoka is interrupted when the former sees a black-haired figure about to reach her through the phone. She races to Madoka's residence but arrives too late to rescue her from being fatally mutilated in the shower. Shortly after Naoto and Takako arrive, Kyoko receives the cursed call.
To help solve the case, Motomiya orders autopsies on all cursed call victims, including Mimiko, all of whom show positive results of having traces of coal dust. Meanwhile, Kyoko, Naoto, and Takako visit Mimiko's grandmother Sachie, who describes that Mimiko was conceived after her mother Marie was raped by a crazed intruder. Marie's father Wei Zhang, a Taiwanese immigrant, caught the rapist and stabbed him to death. While serving his term in prison, he felt chased by a little girl and decided to move to his hometown of Taipei after his release. Takako contacts her estranged husband, Yuting Chen, who lives in Taipei, and from him learns that similar deaths related to cursed calls also happen all over Taiwan. Takako flies to Taipei to personally visit Wei, only to find his rotten corpse holding a cellphone.
Kyoko and Naoto decide to assist Takako in resolving the curse; she informs them that she found that the curse originally started from an abandoned coal mining town. The town's only surviving resident, Shumei Gao, recounts that a bullied girl named Li Li had developed the power to verbally curse someone into imminent death. The enraged town residents sewed her mouth shut and sealed her alive in the mines. Takako then receives a call from Yuting, who has received the cursed call himself.
Heading to the town, the trio split up. Motomiya notifies Takako, explaining that Yumi Nakamura's body has been found and that she was actually evil all along, rather than being possessed by Mimiko, before the call abruptly cuts off. Takako heads into an open mine, encounters Mimiko, and is incapacitated. After awakening from a dream where she rescues her twin sister Mariko, who died after receiving the cursed call many years ago, from answering a ringing payphone, she dashes to Yuting's apartment, arriving exactly when his time of death is to occur, but nothing happens; she concludes that Mariko's spirit has rescued them. Meanwhile, Naoto manages to free Kyoko, who has been trapped by Li Li, but upon realizing that Li Li will never release Kyoko, he sacrifices himself by answering Kyoko's incoming phone call and replacing her, devastating Kyoko.
Takako becomes increasingly suspicious upon hearing that Motomiya perished in a car crash the day before while en route to confirm Yumi's corpse. Simultaneously, Kyoko becomes perplexed when Detectives Lin and Huang of the Taipei Police reveal two bodies were found in the mines earlier that night. At Yuting's apartment, Takako discovers that he has been repeatedly stabbed with a knife in the bathroom, which she learns from video camera footage is her own doing. Checking her cellphone, she discovers that she had also received the cursed call at 5:58 PM; noticing the current time is 8:05 PM, she realizes Mimiko killed her in the mines before using her image to kill Yuting. Spitting out a red hard candy, she smiles and drops it as the death ringtone plays.
Cast.
Kou Shibasaki, Shinichi Tsutsumi, Kazue Fukiishi, Anna Nagata, Atsushi Ida, and Kana Ito additionally appear as Yumi Nakamura, Hiroshi Yamashita, Natsumi Konishi, Yoko Okazaki, Kenji Kawai, and Rina Tsuchiya, respectively, through archive footage from the first film.

</doc>
<doc id="6942864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942864" title="Dovedale Dash">
Dovedale Dash

The Dovedale Dash is a 4¾ mile cross-country running race held annually along the banks of the River Dove, along Dovedale, and between the villages of Ilam and Thorpe in the Peak District, England. The event attracts over 1000 runners each year. It is one of three long-running annual races held in the Peak District national park where performances count towards the National Trust Peak District Fell Running Series Trophy, alongside the Longshaw Sheepdog Trials Fell Race and the Lantern Pike Fell Race.
First organised in 1953, the Dash takes place on the first Sunday of November, although previously it was held on the closest Sunday to Guy Fawkes Night. The Dash was cancelled in 1998, 2000 and 2004, when bad weather and a waterlogged parking area forced the event to be cancelled. In other years, the race has gone ahead in wet weather conditions.
The Dash is intended for amateur runners, although in the past some competitors have used bicycles. Entrants pay £5 to join the race, and must register on the day of the race. There is no pre-registration. Car parking is free. The proceeds are given to charitable causes, and used in the villages of Thorpe, Ilam and Fenny Bentley. The event is organised by volunteers who live in Thorpe, which is the start and finish of the course.
The route runs from the Thorpe Pastures north of the village of Thorpe, at the foot of Thorpe Cloud, about the eastern base of which competitors race down to the notoriously slippery Stepping Stones across the River Dove. The route continues along the western side of the Cloud, across the ridge above the Izaak Walton Hotel, down into Ilam, where the course doubles back along the southern bank of the Dove, down to Coldwall Bridge. Across the Bridge, runners follow the valley through Thorpe Mill Farm, back to the Cloud, where they retrace their path to the Stepping Stones and back to the starting position on Thorpe Pastures.
Competitors.
The Dash has no overall official results. The first ten finishers and all the prize winners are published at the start-finish and on the organisers' website. Local newspapers such as the "Ashbourne News Telegraph" usually print a report and details of the winners and local entrants. All the finishers receive certificates with their positions except on rare occasions when more people run than was expected. Race time is displayed on a large digital clock mounted on top of the loudspeaker van near the finish so that people who do not have a wrist watch can record their finishing time.
Despite the casual nature of the event, previous runners have included prestigious world-class athletes, including George Rhodes, who frequently ran for England and won the Dash three consecutive times. Eric Thompson, Derby Mercury RC President, donated the original cup to Rhodes, who in turn presented his own George Rhodes Trophy to be awarded to future winners.

</doc>
<doc id="6942865" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942865" title="Soultans">
Soultans

Soultans is an all-male R&amp;B band notable predominantly in Europe, but also for signing on for a short contract with BMG. The Soultans originally consisted of three members and is based in Germany, although two of its members have English ties. The group resides under the German label, Coconut Records, which has also kick-started other small bands' careers. The lead vocalist, Marvin Broadie, and musician Marco Boi, were later replaced by Sascha van Haasen and Mike Marshall in 2002.
Although the band suggested its inspirations as 1970's music, Soultans has added elements of hip hop, jazz and soul to their music, following in the lines of Londonbeat, another English band. The group is most notable for its popular 1996 songs, "Can't take my hands off you" and "I Heard It Through the Grapevine". The band released two albums in the 1990s, "Love, Sweat and Tears" in 1997 which reached #2 in Denmark, and "Take Off" in 1998. The band released another three in the new millennium with the albums "Tribute to Soul" with BMG in 2001, "Hit Collection 1" and "Hit Collection 2" in 2005 with Coconut, before re-releasing many of their songs on the album "Can't Take My Hands off You" in 2005.
Their most recent CD release was in September 2007, with "The Very Best of Soult", which compiles their earlier work.
Australian-based singer/songwriter/vocal coach Scott Winter, of Spanish descent, joined the band after Marco Boi left in 1996. Scott wrote three songs on the Soultans second album "Take Off" and stayed with the group for three years touring Europe, recording throughout. Scott "Bradley" Winter is the first cousin of Amanda Ghost, President of Epic Records and Ivor Novello award-winning songwriter.
Charts.
Singles.
""Can't take my hands off you"
"I Heard It Through the Grapevine"
Albums.
"Love, Sweat and Tears""

</doc>
<doc id="6942870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942870" title="Iván Petrovich">
Iván Petrovich

Iván Petrovich (; 1 January 1894 – 18 October 1962) was a Serbian film actor and singer.
He was the first actor from Yugoslavia to have a successful international movie career. Petrovich mainly worked in German cinema, but also collaborated with established directors in some 100 Hungarian, French, Spanish, Czechoslovakian and Hollywood movies.
Early life.
He was born Svetislav Petrović () on 1 January 1894 in Újvidék, Austria-Hungary, today Novi Sad in the Serbian province of Vojvodina. His father Mladen was a tailor who made uniforms for the Serbian army. After finishing the primary education in his hometown, he moved to Budapest, where he graduated from the Polytechnic academy.
He was a talented singer and violinist and was an accomplished athlete, who participated as a swimmer at the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm, Sweden.
During the World War I he was drafted into the Austro-Hungarian army and after the war ended, he moved to Vienna to pursue a film career.
Career.
Early career.
In Vienna he met a film director Mihály Kertész, who fled Hungary after the war, and who will later make a major Hollywood career as Michael Curtiz. Kertész directed Petrovich in three movies: "The Sunflower Woman" in 1918 on the play by Ivo Vojnović, "The Lady with the Black Gloves" in 1919 and, the most successful, "The Star of Damascus" in 1920. Kertész thought that Petrovich's name Svetislav is too hard to remember, so he chose Iván for him. He later worked with a prominent Hungarian directors Paul Czinner ("Homo immanis", 1918) and Béla Balogh ("Under the Mountains", 1920), before moving to France.
France.
In the mid 1920s he became an international star with a string of French movies, styled "the most cherished lover of the French cinema". He marked the period, mostly being typecast as a latin lover, in the movies of Léonce Perret ("Koenigsmark", 1923; "The Nude Woman", 1926; "Morgane, the Enchantress", 1928), Germaine Dulac ("Heart of an Actress", 1924) or Marco de Gastyne ("The Lady of Lebanon", 1926). He was partnered on screen with the most popular French actresses of the day like Louise Lagrange, Nita Naldi and Arlette Marchal.
Hollywood.
Petrovich was noticed by Hollywood director Rex Ingram who at the time lived and worked in Southern France, where he established a studio in Nice. Ingram directed Petrovich in three films, all co-starring Ingram's wife, Alice Terry: "The Magician" in 1926, and "The Garden of Allah" and "The Three Passions", both in 1927. At one point, Petrovich was considered as one of the potential successors of Rudolf Valentino, who died prematurely in 1926.
Transition to sound.
With the advent of sound, Petrovich's career did not seem to be hampered. Tall, handsome and good looking, with a sonorous voice, he even prospered, expanding his acting range to the more character roles, like the aristocrats, noblemen, officers and priests, in the "Slavic charm" manner. However, even though multilingual, his bad English accent turned out to be an insurmountable obstacle, so he had to scrap his Hollywood plans.
Germany.
He made some 40 films in Germany before the outbreak of the war, under the direction of the best German directors and co-starring with the most popular actors of the period. As a good singer, he was frequently cast in filmed operettas.
He worked often with directorial couple Jacob and Luise Fleck "(The Orlov" in 1927, "Doctor Schäfer" in 1928, "The Tsarevich" in 1929) and Richard Oswald ("Victoria and Her Hussar" in 1931, "The Flower of Hawaii" in 1933, co-starring Marta Eggerth). Other movies from this period include 1928 "Alraune" by Henrik Galeen, co-starring Brigitte Helm and Paul Wegener, 1929 "Latin Quarter" by Augusto Genina, 1931 "The Opera Ball" by Max Neufeld, co-starring Liane Haid and "Die Fledermaus" by Karel Lamač, 1932 "Grandstand for General Staff" by Eugen Thiele, 1934 "Paganini", in title role, by E. W. Emo, co-starring Theo Lingen, and "The Last Waltz" by Georg Jacoby, 1935 "The Cossack and the Nightingale" by Phil Jutzi, 1937 "Unter Ausschluß der Öffentlichkeit" by Paul Wegener and 1939 "Zentrale Rio" by Erich Engels, co-starring Ita Rina.
World War II.
After the World War II began, Petrovich continued to act in mostly lightweight, fun movies. He stayed in touch with Serbian issues by visiting his friends, captured Serbian officers, in Nazi camps, which caused him problems with the Nazi Security Service. After being pressured to participate in propaganda flick "Enemies", directed by Viktor Tourjansky, which tried to justify German occupation of Poland, Petrovich migrated to Hungary. He spent there the remainder of the war, acting in several movies along popular stars like Pál Jávor and Katalin Karády. Most notable was 1941 Géza von Radványi's antimilitary "Europe does not respond".
Later career.
After the war ended and Communist government was set in Hungary, Petrovich moved back to Germany. In the next 15 years he continued mostly in the supporting roles, but was still sought actor in the German-speaking countries.
His notable roles from this period include films "The Trial" by G.W. Pabst, Beethoven's biopic "Eroica" by Walter Kolm-Veltée and "Sissi – The Young Empress" by Ernst Marischka. Among Petrovich's last movies were Louis Malle's first feature film "Elevator to the Gallows" in 1958 and Anatole Litvak's "The Journey" in 1959.
Apart from acting, in this period he also worked as a radio announcer on Radio Free Europe, which was headquartered in Munich at the time.
Serbia.
Petrovich made no Yugoslav movies, but did act in German-Yugoslav coproductions, "The Coral Princess" in 1937 directed by Victor Janson, co-starring Ita Rina, and "Dalmatian Wedding" in 1953, directed by Géza von Bolváry.
That was not an obstacle for the exceptional popularity in his homeland and legions of fans, though. In 1928 he visited Belgrade, causing unprecedented hysteria. Filmmaker in his 2009 book "Boško Tokin – novinar i pisac, prvi srpski estetičar, publicista i kritičar filma" published an excerpt from the "Novosti" newspapers' account on Petrovich's visit: "From all corners of Belgrade, like torrents, girls of Belgrade rushed to see Svetislav Petrović with a secret hope in their souls that at least one of his fiery glances will fall on them, their lipsticked lips and loving eyes. Journalists, waiting in a lounge, waited for Svetislav Petrović to step out of his quarters, where he spent time in the bathroom doing swimming, massaging and gymnastics. Upon seeing him, the crowd swung and stirred, the girls' hearts stroke hard and throaths turned dry because of the souls' sensations. They all commented how gorgeous and perfect he is. Delighted mass almost smothered him as they advanced towards him. It seemed as if, in an effort to show him love, they wanted to lynch him.“
In contrast to that period, Petrovich is largely forgotten in Serbia today. One of the reasons is thought to be his work in Radio Free Europe, which was strongly disliked by the post-war Communist authorities of Yugoslavia. In an effort to change that, Serbian national film library, Jugoslovenska kinoteka, dedicated year 2017 to him, with prepared programs for showing his movies throughout the whole year.
Even though he spoke fluent Hungarian, German, French and English language, he signed autographs only in Serbian Cyrillic alphabet.
Personal life.
Petrovich married German singer and actress .
He died of stomach cancer on 18 October 1962 in Munich, West Germany and was interred in city's Nordfriedhof cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="6942880" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942880" title="Mazeltov">
Mazeltov



</doc>
<doc id="6942885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942885" title="Miriam College">
Miriam College

Miriam College () is a non-stock, non-profit Filipino Catholic educational institution for girls and young women in Quezon City, Philippines. It also has two satellite campuses in Sta. Rosa, Laguna and Porac, Pampanga.
It offers academic programs from pre-elementary to post-graduate and adult education levels that develop the learning and caring competencies of students and are enriched by a wide range of national, regional, and international linkages.
Although primarily an educational institution for women, its pre-elementary, graduate, adult education, and deaf education programs accept male students. Its satellite campuses are fully co-educational.
History.
The history of Miriam College dates back to 1926 when Archbishop of Manila Michael J. O'Doherty requested the Maryknoll Sisters of St. Dominic of Ossning, New York to initiate a teacher-training program for women in the Philippines. In an old remodeled Augustinian convent in Malabon, the Malabon Normal School was established. The school moved several times until 1952, when was officially renamed to Maryknoll College, and permanently settled on the eastern edge of Diliman (now Loyola Heights) in Quezon City.
After the Second Vatican Council, the Maryknoll congregation began to evaluate its work in the light of their original apostolate as a missionary order. In the 1960s, the Maryknoll congregation saw the readiness of the Filipino laity to continue the education mission they had started.
During the Marcos dictatorship, the Maryknoll community was known for being one of the Catholic educational institutions most active in protesting the abuses and excesses of the regime. A prominent leader was Sr Helen Graham, who became a founding member of Task Force Detainees of the Philippines after one of her students was picked up as a political detainee. Another Maryknoll figure of the resistance of the dictatorship was High School alumnus Suellen Escribano, who gave up her life of comfort in order to serve the women and farmers living in the border area of Quezon and Bicol provinces, helping them resist the efforts of landgrabbers. The significance Escribano's work would later be recognized by the Philippines' Bantayog ng mga Bayani, which honors the martyrs and heroes that fought to restore democracy during the regime. The Maryknoll sisters were prominent in the crowd that formed the People Power revolution of 1986, which led to the ouster of the Marcos family, and Sr. Helen Graham's diary entries were later published by the Philippine Daily Inquirer as a day by day breakdown of the events as they happened.
In 1977, the ownership and management of the school was turned over to lay administrators. In accordance with the agreement, the name Maryknoll was to be changed to pave the way for the promotion of the school’s unique identity, distinct although not disconnected from the identity of the Maryknoll sisters. In 1989, after a series of consultations, Maryknoll College was renamed Miriam College.
Miriam College stopped accepting male students at the collegiate level in 1999. The last batch of male students, who had entered the college in 1998, graduated in 2002, thereby making Miriam College an exclusive all-women's college. However, the preschool, adult education, graduate school, and deaf-mute education departments remain as co-educational and are still open to males.
Presidents.
The first lay president and first female president of a Catholic college in the Philippines was Dr. Paz V. Adriano, who had been a student of the Maryknoll nuns. The second president was Dr. Lourdes Quisumbing, who later became the Secretary of Education under Corazon Aquino, the 11th president of the Philippines. The third was Dr. Loreta Castro; the fourth was Dr. Patricia B. Licuanan, who is currently the chairperson of the Commission on Higher Education. Dr. Rosario Oreta Lapus later served as president from 2010 to 2019. The current president is Ambassador Laura Quiambao-del Rosario, former Department of Foreign Affairs undersecretary and diplomat.
Campus facilities.
Campus facilities include a modern, four-story LEAD Residence Hall for college students and guests, the Gallery of Women's Art featuring donated works from women artists, the Marian Auditorium for institutional events, the Little Theater for smaller events, the Mini-Forest Park, a chapel, Stations of the Cross, Library Media Center, and the Child Development and Day Care Center.
Miriam College Nuvali.
Miriam College's first satellite Nuvali campus was opened in 2014. A coeducational campus, it is located along Diversity Avenue corner Evoliving Parkway, Nuvali, Calamba, Laguna.
Miriam College Alviera.
Their third campus sits on 10-hectare property inside the Alviera township by Ayala Land, Inc. in Porac, Pampanga. The campus offers a basic education program for kindergarten, grade school and junior high school students, with plans to launch higher education and vocational programs in the future. It was launched in August 2025.

</doc>
<doc id="6942896" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942896" title="River Gilpin">
River Gilpin

The River Gilpin is a river in the English county of Cumbria. Formerly, the river was in the county of Westmorland.
The river rises near Gilpin Lodge in the vicinity of Bowness-on-Windermere and flows in a general south-by-south-easterly direction through Gilpinpark Plantation.
At Crosthwaite, the direction of the river changes from south to south-east, continuing past the hamlet of Row into the Lyth Valley, where it is swelled by the much larger River Pool.
From there, the river continues moving south to Sampool, where it meets the River Kent.
The name of the river is in honour of the Gilpin family.

</doc>
<doc id="6942899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942899" title="Luke Burt">
Luke Burt

Luke Kevin Burt (born 6 June 1981) is a professional rugby league coach who was the interim co-coach of the Gold Coast Titans in the NRL, and an Australian former professional rugby league footballer. Burt and Craig Hodges were replaced by Justin Holbrook as head coach just before 2020 NRL season commenced.
He was the assistant coach at the Titans under previous head coach Garth Brennan. He previously coached the Parramatta Eels in the National Youth Competition. A goal-kicking winger and occasional , he played his entire career for the Parramatta Eels in the National Rugby League. Burt also gained selection for Country New South Wales and the Prime Minister's XIII.
Early life.
Burt was born in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. He attended Whitebridge High School and played for the Australian Schoolboys team in 1998.
Burt went on to play junior football for the Valentine Red Devils before being called up to the Eels in 1999.
NRL career.
Burt made his first-grade debut in round 1 1999, at the age of 18 against the St. George Illawarra Dragons. He was named the 1999 Parramatta Eels season's rookie of the year. Burt played on the wing in Parramatta's 18-16 preliminary final loss against Melbourne during the same season.
In the 2000 NRL season, Parramatta again made the preliminary final but were defeated by eventual premiers the Brisbane Broncos 16–10 with Burt scoring a try during the game.
Although a very capable fullback, Burt played most of his football as a wing or centre since the Eels backs of the era included Clinton Schifcofske, Brett Hodgson, Wade McKinnon and Jarryd Hayne, all of whom have earned at least one representative jumper at . As an outside back, he provided many tries down either the left or right flank for Parramatta. Burt played on the wing for Parramatta in their shock 2001 NRL grand final loss to the Newcastle Knights at Stadium Australia.
In the 2005 NRL season, Burt played 23 games as Parramatta won the minor premiership and Burt's second at the club with the first coming in the 2001 NRL season. Burt played in Parramatta's shock 29-0 preliminary final defeat against North Queensland at Telstra Stadium.
With the departure of McKinnon at the end of 2006 to the New Zealand Warriors, Burt was installed as the regular fullback. In 2007 Burt continued his great form at fullback and was particularly impressive with his goalkicking, kicking at just under 90% success rates for the season. His form put him at the top of the NRL's point scoring list for much of the 2007 NRL season. Unfortunately Burt dislocated his kneecap against the Newcastle Knights in round 17 and missed the remainder of the NRL season. At the time of his injury, Burt was so far ahead on the point scoring list that it took Hazem El Masri (second highest point scorer after Burt) until Round 22 to catch his total of 154 points for the season.
In the middle of the 2009 season, Burt moved to the wing to let Jarryd Hayne move to his preferred fullback position. This move proved to be a masterstroke as Jarryd Hayne collected a number of awards including Dally M player of the year and fullback of the year and lead Parramatta to a Grand Final against the Melbourne Storm. Burt was unsuccessful in his second Grand Final appearance going down to Melbourne. Burt, Nathan Cayless and Nathan Hindmarsh were the only players to have played a Grand Final for Parramatta in the 2009 team.
In round 4 of the 2011 season against the North Queensland Cowboys, Burt broke Brett Kenny's record of most tries for Parramatta with 111.
In 2011, Burt was moved back to fullback due to Jarryd Hayne going into the position of 5/8. With South Sydney halfback Chris Sandow joining the Eels in 2012, Eels coach Stephen Kearney announced his intention to move Hayne back to his preferred fullback spot with Burt moving back onto the wing.
Burt was an unceremonious 11th hour demotion to the NSW Cup for the Round 2 match of 2012 against the New Zealand Warriors. Burt announced that he would retire at the end of the 2012 NRL season and join the Eel's coaching staff in 2013. Burt's final game as a player came in round 26 2012 against St. George Illawarra at Telstra Stadium which ended in a 29–8 loss.
Coaching career.
In 2017, Burt coached The Parramatta National Youth Competition side to fourth place on the table. After defeating Cronulla and Penrith, Burt guided Parramatta to the final ever Under 20's grand final against Manly. Parramatta went on to lose the match 20–18 with Manly scoring in the final minute of the game to win. In November 2017, Burt joined The Gold Coast Titans to become assistant coach alongside Garth Brennan.
On 15 July 2019, Burt was named as interim coach until the end of the 2019 NRL season along with Craig Hodges after Gold Coast head coach Garth Brennan was terminated by the club after a 24–2 loss against Penrith which left the Gold Coast sitting bottom of the ladder.
In Round 20 of the 2019 NRL season, the Gold Coast suffered their second heaviest defeat as a club losing 58–6 to the Sydney Roosters at the Sydney Cricket Ground. Burt's interim coaching partner Craig Hodges described the loss by saying "The fear is that it is the habit they allow...that becomes acceptable for them individually whether they stay here or whether they move on to other places, And if that's what they take out of this season, if that's their legacy moving forward from this season, I think that's a terrible tragedy".
In Round 22 of the 2019 NRL season against Burt's former club the Parramatta Eels, the Gold Coast lost the match 36–12 at Cbus Super Stadium which all but confirmed that the club would finish last and claim the wooden spoon with just 3 games remaining.
The Gold Coast were officially handed the wooden spoon the following week as they lost 24–8 against Melbourne at AAMI Park. The wooden spoon capped off a bad year for sport on the Gold Coast as the other team representing the region, the Gold Coast Suns finished last in the AFL.
Records and accomplishments.
In a game against Canberra in the 2005 NRL season, Burt scored 28 points (3 tries and 8 goals). That point total matched his previous best and tied the club record for most points in a match.
Debuting at the age of 17 years and 9 months, Burt became the youngest player to play first-grade for the Eels.
In round 22 of the regular 2009 NRL season Burt scored a 24-point haul which helped the Parramatta Eels secure their fourth straight victory, defeating the Newcastle Knights 40–8 at Parramatta Stadium in front of a crowd of 17,669. Luke bagged a double including one disallowed try along with scoring 8 goals from 8 attempts which concluded his best performance of the year.
Burt scored his 100th first grade try for the Eels in the 2009 Preliminary Final against the Bulldogs (Only the second ever Parramatta player to do so behind Brett Kenny).
After some great form in early 2010, Burt was selected to play for the Country Origin side where he scored a try and kicked 6 goals from 6 attempts. In the same season, he became the third player to score 100 tries and 500 goals (after Ryan Girdler and Hazem El Masri)
In 2011, playing against the Cowboys at Parramatta Stadium, Burt equalled then passed Brett Kenny's all time try scoring record for Parramatta (110) with 2 tries, the second try coming with 2 minutes remaining on the clock set up a kick from the touchline to win the match. Burt converted his record-breaking try to win the match.
Burt's 1,793 points is the 13th most in first grade history, and the second most for Parramatta behind Mick Cronin.

</doc>
<doc id="6942902" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942902" title="Knights of Doom">
Knights of Doom



</doc>
<doc id="6942904" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942904" title="Stephen Robertson (footballer)">
Stephen Robertson (footballer)

Stephen Robertson (born 16 March 1977 in Glasgow) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Robertson began his career at St. Johnstone, where he progressed through the youth system along with Danny Griffin and Stuart McCluskey, sometimes playing in outfield positions, and eventually made thirteen league appearances for the first team. As an understudy to St Johnstone's first-choice goalkeeper Alan Main, Robertson made his Scottish Premier League debut on 21 February 1998, against Aberdeen. He was called up to the Scotland under-21 squad in March 2000.
Robertson ended his seven-year association with St Johnstone in May 2001 when he was released on a free transfer. He moved to Clydebank. After one year there, he joined Stranraer on trial, before joining Airdrie United. He then moved on to Alloa Athletic in June 2010. He joined Junior side Kirkintilloch Rob Roy in August 2011.
In June 2020, Robertson was announced as the coach of Yoker Athletic's newly launched under-20 development squad.
Honours.
Airdrie United

</doc>
<doc id="6942906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942906" title="Maryknoll College">
Maryknoll College



</doc>
<doc id="6942910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942910" title="Coaxial escapement">
Coaxial escapement

The coaxial escapement is a type of modern watch escapement mechanism invented by English watchmaker George Daniels in 1976 and patented in 1980. His friend and peer Derek Pratt contributed to this invention intellectually and physically. It is one of the few watch escapements to be invented in modern times and is used in most of the mechanical watch models currently produced by Omega SA. 
History.
During the quartz crisis, English watchmaker George Daniels accepted a commission from American industrialist and watch collector Seth G. Atwood to create a timepiece that would fundamentally improve the performance of mechanical watches. As a result, Daniels invented the coaxial escapement in 1974 and patented it in 1980. The "Atwood watch" for Seth G. Atwood was completed in 1976.
Influences.
Charles Fasoldt.
Charles Fasoldt, a German-American watch- and clockmaker, was instrumental in the development of the escapement mechanism. His patented escapement of 1865 introduced a novel duplex design with co-axially mounted twin escape wheels and a three-pallet lever. This design was aimed at reducing friction and enhancing the accuracy of timekeeping, which would later influence modern escapement designs. George Daniels' co-axial escapement, a significant advancement in the field of horology, drew from Fasoldt's concepts, refining them further for contemporary watchmaking.
Abraham-Louis Breguet.
Abraham-Louis Breguet's 'natural escapement' also significantly influenced Daniels. Breguet's design involved two detent-like escape wheels arranged in a mirrored layout. Daniels evolved this by removing the meshing gears between the twin escape wheels, thus creating two independent gear trains, enhancing the escapement's practicality for contemporary watchmaking.
Technical overview.
The coaxial escapement is a modification of the lever escapement with some features of the detent escapement. One of the few advances in escapement design which have been adopted since the invention of the lever escapement by Thomas Mudge in the 18th century, the coaxial escapement functions with a system of three pallets that separate the locking function from the impulse, avoiding the sliding friction of the lever escapement. This makes lubrication of the pallets theoretically unnecessary and thereby minimizes one of the shortcomings of the traditional lever escapement. In practice, a small amount of lubrication is used on the locking and impulse surfaces of the pallet stones, reportedly to minimize impact corrosion.
Critical virtue.
The critical virtue of the Daniels escapement is the virtual elimination of the sliding friction component; i.e., the sliding of the pallet stones over the teeth of the escapement gear. What little sliding friction remains is due to the impossibility of maintaining an exact tangential geometry throughout the duration of an impulse.
Radial friction vs. sliding friction.
By utilizing radial friction instead of sliding friction at the impulse surfaces the coaxial escapement significantly reduces friction, theoretically resulting in longer service intervals (though many factors influence this including lubricant aging) and greater accuracy over time.
Commercialization.
The escapement was commercialized in 1999 by Omega SA when it introduced the first mass-produced watch incorporating the technology. It is the only escapement other than the Swiss lever escapement that is produced on an industrial scale. When it first came to the market as the Caliber 2500, it had an oscillation rate of 28,800 beats per hour (8 beats per second), considered a "hi-beat" movement. But the rate was reduced to 25,200 beats per hour (7 beats per second) in the Caliber 2500C. "While Daniels has recognized the advantages of higher beat movements, he has also noted that they aggravate the problem of sliding friction in the escapement (at the escape teeth and pallets). Higher beat movements produce increased speed and pressure at these critical surfaces."

</doc>
<doc id="6942912" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942912" title="Counter-seal">
Counter-seal



</doc>
<doc id="6942915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942915" title="Elin Bergblom">
Elin Bergblom

Elin Bergblom (born 18 January 1982) is a Swedish badminton player. Bergblom started her junior career in Täby Badmintonförening, and won her first national junior title in 1995 in the girls' and mixed doubles event. she represented her country competed at the 1999 European Youth Summer Olympic in Esbjerg, Denmark. Bergblom won the Swedish National senior title 9 times from 2002 to 2012, 5 in women's doubles, 3 in mixed doubles and once in women's singles event. Throughout her career, she ever been played for the Uppsala KFUM. She won the bronze medals at the 2006 and 2008 European Championship in the women's doubles event partnered with Johanna Persson.
Achievements.
European Championships.
"Women's doubles"
BWF International Challenge/Series.
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="6942917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942917" title="Google hits">
Google hits



</doc>
<doc id="6942921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942921" title="Malegaon blasts">
Malegaon blasts



</doc>
<doc id="6942923" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942923" title="Ritsema">
Ritsema



</doc>
<doc id="6942925" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942925" title="Vavau">
Vavau



</doc>
<doc id="6942926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942926" title="Frenett">
Frenett

Frenett is a surname, not to be confused with Frenette.
Most Frenetts currently reside in either the United States or in Rushbrooke, in Ireland. A few of those from Rushbrooke have moved into homes in the London area and following this have moved to Woodley in Berkshire and East Yorkshire. There are no longer Frenetts left in Yorkshire, favouring Hertfordshire instead. However, there is a legacy of Frenett-Smithson in and around the Beverley area.
A few theories as to the 'birth' of the name currently exist. The first being that the name was changed from Frenette to Frenett when a family moved from the US/Canada to Ireland around the time of the Great Famine.
The second theory being that, as a name, it has existed for hundreds of years, never growing hugely, and moving in its totality from location to location. And a third that the e was dropped in order for a family member to hide their identity in Quebec.
The name Frenett is mentioned briefly in many US and occasionally a UK census, but the entries have never formed a distinct pattern, leaving the reader to wonder, which entries refer to the family name Frenett, and which are misspellings of the family name Frenette.

</doc>
<doc id="6942930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942930" title="Jarl Hemmer">
Jarl Hemmer

Jarl Robert Hemmer (18 September 1893 – 6 December 1944) was a Swedish-speaking Finnish author. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature in six consecutive years.
Biography.
Hemmer was born in Vaasa, Finland, into a wealthy family. His father was Bror Balder Hemmer, a court assessor and bank manager, and his mother was Emilia Finnilä. He married Saga Margareta Söderman. Hemmer completed his matriculation exam in 1912 and earned a Bachelor of Philosophy degree in 1917. He served as the secretary of the Finnish Swedish Writers' Association from 1920 to 1924. Hemmer received several literary awards, including the State Literary Prize in 1919, 1920, 1924, 1926, 1928, 1929, and 1934, the SLS Society Prize in 1938, the Lybeck Prize in 1926 and 1935, and the Boisman Prize in 1937.
His first collection of poems, "Rösterna" (The Voices), was published in 1914. He made his breakthrough in 1922 with another collection of epic poetry called "Rågens rike" (Realm of the Rye). He received The Great Nordic Novel Prize (Stora Nordiska Romanpriset) for "En man och hans samvete" (A Fool of Faith), a book about the Finnish Civil War, published in 1931. Hemmer was among the contributors to "Garm", a Swedish language satirical and political magazine based in Helsinki.
Following the murder of Kaj Munk on 4 January 1944, the Danish resistance newspaper "De frie Danske" published condemning reactions from influential Scandinavians, including Hemmer.

</doc>
<doc id="6942933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942933" title="River Pool, Cumbria">
River Pool, Cumbria

The River Pool is a river in the English county of Cumbria. The Pool rises at Waingap near the village of Crook and follows a southerly course, past the township of Underbarrow and into the Lyth Valley, where it joins the River Gilpin.

</doc>
<doc id="6942940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942940" title="Hayley westenra">
Hayley westenra



</doc>
<doc id="6942942" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942942" title="Amathole Museum">
Amathole Museum

The Amathole Museum, formerly the Kaffrarian Museum is a natural and cultural history museum located in King William's Town in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. The museum houses a large collection of mammals and includes the taxidermied body of Huberta, the hippopotamus. 
The Xhosa Gallery, housed in the old post office building, concentrates on the cultural history of all tribes of the Xhosa nation. The history section has artefacts, documents and photographs of local interest dating back to the 19th century. The Missionary Museum contains information on missionary endeavours in this area. The museum was founded in 1884 and was later opened to the public in October 1898. The name of the museum was changed from the Kaffrarian Museum to the Amathole Museum in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="6942944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942944" title="John Frenett">
John Frenett

John Frenett is an English bassist, best known for his slippery dub-style playing in the bands Moonshake and Laika in the 1990s.
He had formed The Hangovers with former The Raincoats member Gina Birch, and played bass and guitar on their debut album, "Slow Dirty Tears" released in 1998. He had contributed bass to "Tamagnocchi" on Mouse on Mars' "Autoditacker" LP in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="6942945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942945" title="Helen Kapalos">
Helen Kapalos

Helen Kapalos (born 17 March 1971) is an Australian journalist and television presenter.
Kapalos is of Greek descent and the Chairperson of the Victorian Multicultural Commission; her four-year term commenced on 17 August 2015.
Career.
Kapalos began her career in her home town of Newcastle, New South Wales, as a reporter for ABC Radio in 1994, a journalist at 2HD &amp; NEW FM before moving to television with SBS in Sydney. She returned to Newcastle, where she worked both as an award-winning reporter and news presenter for NBN Television News.
Nine Network.
In 2002, Kapalos went back to national broadcasting and joined the Nine Network where she worked as both a reporter and news presenter. In 2005, Kapalos became a news presenter on "Nightline" and later became a reporter on "National Nine News" and "A Current Affair".
Network Ten.
In 2006, Kapalos moved to Melbourne and Network Ten, where she took over from Jennifer Hansen as co-anchor of "10 News First Melbourne" with Mal Walden. In November 2012, Kapalos' contract was not renewed, after the network decided to switch to a solo-presenter format with Walden.
Seven Network.
On 11 February 2013, Kapalos began presenting "Today Tonight" on the Seven Network in New South Wales and Victoria. She broadcast from the Seven Network's Melbourne studios. Helen resigned at the end of 2013 to pursue her love of longer-form storytelling roles.
In January 2014, she joined the network's current affairs program, "Sunday Night" as a senior correspondent. She also reports as a senior correspondent on other network news shows when major news stories arise.
Later work.
Kapalos is the executive producer, writer and director of the independent documentary "A Life of its Own", which she conceptualised during her time as a senior correspondent with the Seven Network's current affairs program "Sunday Night", when she reported on a series of stories on medical marijuana.
Kapalos has been appointed Chair of the Victorian Multicultural Commission for a four-year term commencing 17 August 2015.
Personal life.
Kapalos was made the number-one ticket holder of Hawthorn Football Club in 2012, and was the number-one female ticket holder in 2013. She has continued to interview Hawthorn players, including a special in May 2013 with seven of their Indigenous players ahead of the AFL's Indigenous Round.
Kapalos has also written articles for Melbourne newspaper "The Age" about Hawthorn.

</doc>
<doc id="6942949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942949" title="Nightline (Australia)">
Nightline (Australia)



</doc>
<doc id="6942956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942956" title="Folk Devils">
Folk Devils

Folk Devils are an English 1980s post-punk ensemble born of the Notting Hill, West London music scene.
History.
Founding member Ian Lowery had previously been the original singer in late 1970s punk rock band The Wall and then signed to Killing Joke's Malicious Damage label as leader of the group Ski Patrol. Politics and the general tensions that seemed endemic to the Killing Joke scene led Ian to leave Ski Patrol and recruit long-time friend of Jaz Coleman - Alan Cole on drums, Kris Jozajtis on guitar (now Dr Kris Jozajtis at Greenfaulds High School) and Mark Whiteley, from Wales, on bass to form another group, Folk Devils, in 1983. Mark had been active in both the London and Welsh music scene. He worked with Anrhefn, Wales' seminal punk band and with the ill-fated Hack Hack on the album "Despite Amputations". He left the band midway through a gig at The Fridge in Brixton unhappy with the band, their label (Shout Records), and musical direction. A fight ensued and Mark became a Folk Devil.
The sound was a bastardised blend of punk, blues, and amphetamine fuelled angst with the music often walking a fine line between a patchwork of brilliant musicianship and violence. The political and ideological canvass for Folk Devils was the miners strike, Thatcher's Britain, mass unemployment and the flooding of Britain's streets with heroin and despair. Both Mark and Ray Gange were to become deeply, almost fatally, involved in the early 80s drug scene.
Initially managed by Ray Gange, star of The Clash's film "Rude Boy", the Folk Devils first single "Hank Turns Blue" recorded for £180 (allegedly the bands combined dole money) and released on the label Ganges Records and distributed through Rough Trade resided at number three in the indie charts for six weeks being kept off the top spot only by New Order and Depeche Mode.
Three Peel sessions followed in quick succession. Subsequent recordings were critically acclaimed and musicians such as Jason Pierce of Spiritualized still regard the Folk Devils as a highly influential musical force. Having recorded the "Beautiful Monster E.P." (their final release on Ganges Records) in 1985 with 'punk' producer and IRS stalwart Richard Mazda and the 1986 "Fire and Chrome EP" which was well received throughout Europe, chemicals and chaos finally caused the band to disintegrate as their first and only album "Goodnight Irony" was released by Situation Two. Folk Devils, as Brian Taylor of Killing Joke's management, said at the time, "were a force of nature live and were never quite able to capture that ferocity on record". Ian Lowery died in 2001 having continued to work throughout the late '80s and the early '90s with Nigel Pulsford of Bush on the King Blank project and the Ian Lowery Group. Mark Whiteley went on to work with a variety of bands including Shredder (1994), Big Black Cloud (1995–1997) and Subliminal (1997–2001). Shredder were formed in Dartmoor prison in 1993 and on Mark's release in 1994 were invited to tour with The Stranglers.
In 2001, following Ian's death and three years of studio work with the Subliminal Project, Mark decided to change direction. Like Kris, Mark pursued an academic career and became a criminological researcher and tutor at Cardiff University. He worked on a study on heroin use in Wales and became a regular contributor to debates on TV and radio. In May 2009 he worked with the BBC on a Week In Week Out documentary exploring the heroin scene in Wales with John Cale.
In November 2015, a digital-only release album entitled "The Best Protection and the BBC Sessions" was made available. And, in September 2016 a collected works album entitled "Beautiful Monsters" was released on the Optic Nerve label and the band resurfaced to play live with a line-up including David Hodgson (vocals), Mark Whiteley (bass), Kris Jozajtis (guitar), Nick Clift (guitar) and John Hamilton (drums). Several gigs were arranged for July 2017 and the band have released long-overdue new material (Forever EP) and a live recording of their gig in March 2024 at the 100 club (BrokenHeads).

</doc>
<doc id="6942958" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942958" title="Provincial Council of Baltimore">
Provincial Council of Baltimore



</doc>
<doc id="6942959" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942959" title="Maria Winkelmann">
Maria Winkelmann



</doc>
<doc id="6942992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942992" title="Hakim Taniwal">
Hakim Taniwal

Hakim Taniwal (Pashto: حکيم تڼيوال) was the governor of Paktia province in Afghanistan until he was killed by a suicide bomber on 10 September 2006, at the age of 60. Previously, had been a governor of the province of Khost, near the border with Pakistan, where al-Qaeda had established training camps during the time of the Taliban and later took refuge in the Tora Bora mountains.
Taniwal was an Afghan exile in Australia with his family before returning to Afghanistan to take the governorship. Lacking the military background, and the associated questionable human rights record, of so many of the country's past and present politicians, Taniwal was considered an effective and honest administrator before his death. He brought Shaikh Zayed University to Khost.

</doc>
<doc id="6942995" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942995" title="Western Nevada Community College">
Western Nevada Community College



</doc>
<doc id="6942996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6942996" title="Lubliniec County">
Lubliniec County

Lubliniec County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Lubliniec, which lies north-west of the regional capital Katowice. The only other town in the county is Woźniki, lying north-east of Lubliniec.
The county covers an area of . As of 2019 its total population is 76,470, out of which the population of Lubliniec is 23,784, that of Woźniki is 4,305, and the rural population is 48,381.
Neighbouring counties.
Lubliniec County is bordered by Kłobuck County to the north-east, Częstochowa County and Myszków County to the east, Tarnowskie Góry County to the south, Strzelce County to the south-west, and Olesno County to the north-west.
Administrative division.
The county is subdivided into eight gminas (one urban, one urban-rural and six rural). These are listed in the following table, in descending order of population.

</doc>
<doc id="6943003" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943003" title="Kui Buri district">
Kui Buri district

Kui Buri (, ) is a district ("amphoe") in the northern part of Prachuap Khiri Khan province, central Thailand.
History.
"Mueang" Kui was an ancient city of the Ayutthaya Kingdom. In the reign of King Boromakot, Kui was a fourth-class city. In the Rattanakosin era, King Rama II established a "Mueang" Bang Nang Rom, which had its city hall in Kui Buri. King Mongkut (Rama IV) renamed Mueang Bang Nang Rom "Prachuap Khiri Khan", with the same city hall. When King Chulalongkorn created Monthon Phetchaburi, Kui Buri was included. In 1898 the city hall was moved to Ko Lak bay and Kui Buri was downgraded to a subdistrict of Mueang Prachuap Khiri Khan District. The minor district ("king amphoe") of Kui Buri was re-established on 19 July 1960 and officially upgraded to a full district on 16 July 1963.
The British diplomat John Crawfurd visited the area in 1822 during the mission described in his book "Journal of an embassy from the Governor-General of India to the courts of Siam and Cochin-China: exhibiting a view of the actual state of those kingdoms". He reported the name of the town as "Kwi".
Its name "Kui" derived from the Khmer (), meaning "rhino horn", and "buri" derived from the Sanskrit "purī" (पुरी); meaning "town" or "city"; hence "rhino horn city". Rhino horn has been an important export product since the Ayutthaya period.
Geography.
Neighbouring districts are Sam Roi Yot to the north and Mueang Prachuap Khiri Khan to the south. To the west is the Tanintharyi Division of Myanmar, to the east the Gulf of Thailand.
The main river of the district is the Khlong Kui.
Administration.
The district is divided into six sub-districts ("tambons"), which are further subdivided into 47 villages ("mubans"). There are two townships ("thesaban tambons") in the district. Kui Buri covers parts of "tambons" Kui Buri and Kui Nuea, and Rai Mai covers parts of "tambon" Sam Krathai.

</doc>
<doc id="6943014" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943014" title="Rachel van Cutsen">
Rachel van Cutsen

Rachel van Cutsen (born 8 July 1984) is a former right-handed Dutch badminton player. A native of Spijkenisse, she could play either in singles or in doubles matches. She was part of the Dutch national women's team that won silver at the 2006 Uber Cup.
Achievements.
BWF International Challenge/Series/European Circuit.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="6943017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943017" title="Alpha Psi Rho">
Alpha Psi Rho

Alpha Psi Rho (), also known as APsiRho, is an Asian and Pacific Islander-interest fraternity founded at San Diego State University in 2000. It has expanded to include four chapters located in California and Nevada.
History.
The student founders of Alpha Psi Rho grew up in an era when Asian and Pacific Islander Americans were struggling to find their identities in the United States. Although the founders became involved in cultural organizations at San Diego State University, they wanted to create a group people who have similar interests, lived a similar lifestyle, and hungered to make greater impacts in the community.
The Ten Founding Fathers established Alpha Psi Rho on March 1, 2000, as a fraternity for Asian and Pacific Islander students. The fraternity was based on four pillars: Brotherhood, Academics, Prosperity, and Strength. Although established as an Asian or Filipino fraternity, it welcomes all races.
The founding fathers of Alpha Psi Rho are:
The fraternity's "Beta chapter" was established by five students at California State University, Northridge in 2003. This followed by the "Gamma chapter" at California State University San Marcos. "Gamma" chapter started as a special interest group called BAPS on August 26, 2006, and was chartered as Alpha Psi Rho on February 22, 2012. The "Delta chapter" at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas was chartered on April 2, 2011. Alpha Psi Rho members are referred to as "brhothers".
The "Gamma chapter" won the university's Community Development and Lifelong Membership award for 2014-2015. The fraternity hosts events such as a cultural festival at California State University, San Marcus for Asian Pacific American Heritage Month and participated in the annual Festival of Communities at UNLV. Members also volunteer with charities that work with Asian-Pacific Islander youth.
The fraternity's national headquarters is located in San Diego, California. Its publication is the "Alpha Psi Rho Monthly Newsletter".
Chapters.
Active chapters are in bold, and inactive groups are in "italics". There are currently 4 active chapters and 1 inactive colony. 

</doc>
<doc id="6943024" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943024" title="Anton Sevarius">
Anton Sevarius



</doc>
<doc id="6943027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943027" title="Lisby Larson">
Lisby Larson

Lisby Larson is an American film, musical theatre, soap opera and television actress. She made multiple appearances on the "Law &amp; Order" franchise.
Television.
Her daytime roles include "Texas" (Paige Carrington, 1980–82), "As the World Turns" (Mary Hopkins Campbell, 1993), and "Guiding Light" (Calla Matthews, 1985–86). In 2006, she joined "One Life to Live" as Eve McBain; she had previously appeared on the soap in 2000 as Leigh Malone.
Musical theatre.
Larson made her Broadway debut in the short-lived 1981 revival of "The Five O'Clock Girl". In 1997, she played Glinda in The Municipal Opera Association of St. Louis production of "The Wizard of Oz", alongside Bob Keeshan as the Wizard of Oz, Natalie Delucia as Dorothy Gale, Lara Teeter as the Scarecrow, Ken Page as the Cowardly Lion, Johnny Sloman as the Tin Man and Marilyn Sokol as the Wicked Witch of the West.
Family.
Larson was married to actor Rex Hays, who died on September 8, 2006, from cancer; the union produced two sons, Connor and Matthew.

</doc>
<doc id="6943030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943030" title="Algoa Bay Yacht Club">
Algoa Bay Yacht Club

The Algoa Bay Yacht Club (ABYC) is a yacht club in Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape, South Africa. 
History.
The Algoa Bay Yacht Club was established on 14 September 1959 and currently has around 245 members. The ABYC Founder Members were Paddy Goodall, Scotty Pearson, Mike Morgan, Harold Kohler, Charles Allen, Graham Packer, Jerry Cullum, and Stompie Macdonald. ABYC incorporates the Zwartkops Yacht Club, which was previously named the Beaconsfield Yacht Club and established in 1884 on the Zwartkops River.
The cross on the ABYC pennant commemorates the wooden cross erected in Algoa Bay by the first European sailor to discover it, Bartolomeu Dias, on 12 March 1488. The Dias Cross Memorial now commemorates this event.
Activities.
Regattas.
ABYC hosts local, regional, national, and international sailing regattas.

</doc>
<doc id="6943031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943031" title="Reverse Tracking">
Reverse Tracking



</doc>
<doc id="6943034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943034" title="Flat-footedness">
Flat-footedness



</doc>
<doc id="6943041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943041" title="South Canterbury">
South Canterbury

South Canterbury is the area of the Canterbury Region of the South Island of New Zealand bounded by the Rangitata River in the north and the Waitaki River (the border with the Otago Region) to the south. The Pacific Ocean and ridge of the Southern Alps form natural boundaries to the east and west respectively. Though the exact boundaries of the region have never been formalised, the term is used for a variety of government agencies (e.g., the South Canterbury District Health Board) and other entities (such as the South Canterbury provincial rugby team). It is one of four traditional sub-regions of Canterbury, along with Mid Canterbury, North Canterbury, and Christchurch city.
Geography.
South Canterbury's geography covers a wide range of different terrains, from alpine slopes across the glacier carved lakes Tekapo and Pukaki and high country basin of the Mackenzie Country to undulating lowland hills and the Canterbury Plains. Sheep farming is an important industry in the region, as is tourism. In recent years, much like neighbouring Mid Canterbury, there has been an increase in dairy farming, with the large Clandeboye Dairy Factory located north of Temuka. Hydroelectricity generation is a major industry in the southern and western part of South Canterbury, along the catchment of the Waitaki River. 
South Canterbury's main urban area is Timaru (population 28,800), which is the second largest centre in the entire Canterbury Region. Other towns in South Canterbury include Temuka, Geraldine, Waimate, Pleasant Point, Fairlie, Twizel, Glenavy and Saint Andrews. South Canterbury's 2013 population was 55,623, about 9% of Canterbury's total population.
Local government.
At the local level, South Canterbury is administered by the Canterbury Regional Council and four District Councils: Timaru, Mackenzie, Waimate, and Waitaki, the latter of which also includes a portion of North Otago. At the national level, most of South Canterbury's rural area is covered, along with much of North Otago, by the Waitaki electorate. Timaru and the coastal strip to the north of it (including Temuka) is part of the Rangitata electorate. Waitaki is regarded as a safe National seat, and Rangitata as a relatively safe seat for the same party, although the city of Timaru itself is seen as being a Labour stronghold. The seat of Waitaki is currently held by Jacqui Dean of the National Party, whilst the seat of Rangitata is held by Jo Luxton of the Labour Party.

</doc>
<doc id="6943042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943042" title="Winter Palace (disambiguation)">
Winter Palace (disambiguation)

The Winter Palace in St. Petersburg, Russia, was the winter residence of the Russian tsars and now part of the State Hermitage Museum.
Winter Palace may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6943044" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943044" title="Oh! Gravity">
Oh! Gravity



</doc>
<doc id="6943050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943050" title="Charles-Gérard Eyschen">
Charles-Gérard Eyschen

Charles-Gérard Eyschen (2 June 1800 – 28 September 1859) was a Luxembourgish politician and jurist. An Orangist, Eyschen served in the cabinet of Charles-Mathias Simons as Director-General for Justice.
Born in Baschleiden in 1800, Eyschen became a lawyer. In 1826, he earned his doctorate in law from the University of Liège, and in 1829, he obtained a doctorate in philosophy, also at Liège. He became a judge on the Court of First Instance in Diekirch, but resigned the following year, when he moved to Luxembourg City. He returned to the judiciary in 1832, becoming judge on the Court of First Instance in Luxembourg City. He became President of the Arrondissement Tribunal in Diekirch in 1840, and transferred to the same (but more prestigious) position in Luxembourg City in 1842. He was appointed to the judiciary's supreme court, the Superior Court of Justice, in 1843.
He failed to be elected to the Constituent Assembly that drafted the grand duchy's first Constitution in 1848. However, he was subsequently elected to the Chamber of Deputies, which the Constitution established and which succeeded the Constituent Assembly, representing Echternach from 1848 to 1854 and Clervaux from 1854. Eyschen became a minister as Director-General for Justice in the administration of Charles-Mathias Simons. He played a crucial role in the so-called 'Coup of 1856', in which the King-Grand Duke greatly expanded his power and established the Council of State. The following year, Eyschen left the ministry, and returned to being a judge.
Eyschen died two years later, after a long illness. He married Marie-Christine Wurth (1804–1846) in 1832, who had five children by Eyschen before her death. Two of these children died in infancy, but one, Paul Eyschen, would be Prime Minister for twenty-seven years. He remarried to Wurth's cousin, Jeanne-Françoise Wurth (1809–1883), in 1850.

</doc>
<doc id="6943057" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943057" title="National political group">
National political group



</doc>
<doc id="6943061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943061" title="Undraped">
Undraped



</doc>
<doc id="6943062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943062" title="Wibbly Pig">
Wibbly Pig

Wibbly Pig is the title character of a series of picture books for young children, written and illustrated by English author and illustrator Mick Inkpen. The series includes titles such as "Wibbly Pig Likes Bananas" () and "Is It Bedtime Wibbly Pig?". Like Inkpen's "Kipper the Dog" for slightly older readers, "Wibbly Pig" has been published internationally and has sold millions of copies worldwide.
The series are generally published as "board books", books with thick cardboard pages which are easier for very young children to turn and also more durable and easier to clean than normal books. Some of the Wibbly Pig books also have activity features such as flaps which can be lifted to reveal additional art.
Wibbly Pig is a favourite of pre-school children and an ideal introduction to simple ideas through intelligent yet basic text and questions.
Wibbly Pig is often accompanied by his favourite toys Pigley, Flop and Dimple. He carries a bunch of his friends he calls the "Fligley Imple".
Besides the books, Wibbly Pig has been made into other merchandise as well, such as stuffed toys. A boxed-set version of "Is It Bedtime Wibbly Pig?" () exists which includes a small beanie-style Wibbly.
Wibbly Pig is similar to Arnold, the young pig friend of Inkpen's "Kipper the Dog". It is possible that they represent the same character.
Like Kipper, Wibbly Pig also exists in the form of a life-sized costumed character who can greet and interact with children at special events such as library story hours.
Television series.
"Wibbly Pig" is a fantasy animated children's television series by Wish Films and 9 Story Entertainment. The TV series was broadcast on CBeebies weekdays at 3:30pm (except Wednesdays) from Monday, 7 September 2009. The series premiered on PBS Kids Sprout with the new season of "The Good Night Show", on August 27, 2012 in the United States, and it featured the characters redubbed with Canadian voice actors. It aired on Qubo from January 1, 2018 to February 26, 2021, with the original British voice cast instead of the Canadian one. In Canada, the series aired on TVOKids and Knowledge Kids.
Wibbly Pig is voiced by Liam Tully in Canada and by Macaulay Keeper in the UK, while Zoe Fraser is the voice of the narrator. Spotty Pig, Twin Pig 1, and Twin Pig 2 are voiced by Jacob Ewaniuk. Also, in the UK, most adult voices are by Yvette-Rosette Duncan, while others are provided by Teresa Gallegher.
A Welsh language version, titled 'Wibli Sochyn y Mochyn' was broadcast on S4C.

</doc>
<doc id="6943069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943069" title="Gared O'Donnell">
Gared O'Donnell



</doc>
<doc id="6943078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943078" title="Rune Massing">
Rune Massing

Rune Massing (born 18 August 1980, Leeuwarden) is a Dutch professional badminton player. 2002 and 2003 he won the German team championships with SC Bayer 05 Uerdingen. In 2003 he was the satellite circuit winner.
On 13 June 2011 he announced his retirement.

</doc>
<doc id="6943080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943080" title="Greek Government">
Greek Government



</doc>
<doc id="6943082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943082" title="Sachi Koto">
Sachi Koto

Sachi Koto is a Japanese American journalist. She was a news anchor on "CNN News" for 16 years, until leaving in 2005 to run her own communications company, Sachi Koto Communications, LLC. Koto worked at various radio and television stations in Atlanta and Tokyo for nine years before joining "CNN". While she was with "CNN", she reported for "CNN Headline News", "CNN Radio", "CNN Airport Network", "CNN International", "CNN QuickCast" and "Turner South".
She graduated, "summa cum laude", with a degree in communications from Reinhardt College in Waleska, Georgia, as a presidential scholar. She also has a degree in Japanese language and culture from Gendai Nihongo Gakko in Tokyo.
Koto was appointed as commissioner to the Asian-American Commission for a new Georgia by Governor Sonny Perdue and is a founder of Who's Who in Asian American Communities.
In 2021, Koto received the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Rosette in recognition of her "outstanding contribution to promoting exchange and mutual understanding between Japan and the United States".

</doc>
<doc id="6943084" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943084" title="Bubot Niyar">
Bubot Niyar



</doc>
<doc id="6943089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943089" title="Fleuret">
Fleuret



</doc>
<doc id="6943092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943092" title="RRL">
RRL

RRL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6943095" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943095" title="APAS">
APAS



</doc>
<doc id="6943097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943097" title="Fank">
Fank



</doc>
<doc id="6943098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943098" title="Hostert">
Hostert

Hostert may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6943103" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943103" title="Clay Simpson">
Clay Simpson



</doc>
<doc id="6943107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943107" title="List of Oil Exporting Nations not in OPEC">
List of Oil Exporting Nations not in OPEC



</doc>
<doc id="6943109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943109" title="Koen Ridder">
Koen Ridder

Koen Ridder (born 14 March 1985) is a Dutch badminton player. The left handler Ridder, was a part of the Duinwijck badminton club. He won the men's doubles title at the National championships in 2009, 2011, and 2013 partnered with Ruud Bosch. Together with Bosch, they won some international tournaments in Portugal, Belgium, Canada, Slovenia, Norway, Peru and Tahiti. He also played for the Düren 57 club in Germany. His parents, Rob and Marjan Ridder were also professional badminton players and current top veterans.
Koen Ridder was elected vice-chair of the athlete commission of the BWF for a 4-year term in May 2015. In 2017 Ridder was chosen as Chair by his fellow commission members. He achieved his personal best world ranking of 22 in 2013. Koen retired as a professional player in 2014 after representing The Netherlands for more than 10 years at international badminton level.
Achievements.
BWF International Challenge/Series.
"Men's doubles"

</doc>
<doc id="6943111" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943111" title="2000 AD Timeline">
2000 AD Timeline



</doc>
<doc id="6943113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943113" title="Doris Willingham">
Doris Willingham



</doc>
<doc id="6943123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943123" title="Graha">
Graha



</doc>
<doc id="6943124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943124" title="Highfin dogfish">
Highfin dogfish

The highfin dogfish (Centroscyllium excelsum) is a sleeper shark of the family Etmopteridae, found in the northwest Pacific Ocean on the Emperor Seamount chain between latitudes 50 and 38°N, at depths between 800 and 1,000 m. It reaches a length of 63 cm.
The highfin dogfish is ovoviviparous.

</doc>
<doc id="6943127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943127" title="Centroscyllium excelsum">
Centroscyllium excelsum



</doc>
<doc id="6943129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943129" title="Multistrada 620 and 1000DS">
Multistrada 620 and 1000DS



</doc>
<doc id="6943130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943130" title="Hector Barbera">
Hector Barbera



</doc>
<doc id="6943134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943134" title="CC&amp;Rs">
CC&amp;Rs



</doc>
<doc id="6943135" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943135" title="Chazz'n">
Chazz'n



</doc>
<doc id="6943137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943137" title="Strauss">
Strauss

Strauss, Strauß, or Straus is a common Germanic surname. Outside Germany and Austria "Strauß" is usually spelled "Strauss" (the letter "ß" is not used in the German-speaking part of Switzerland). In classical music, "Strauss" most commonly refers to Richard Strauss or Johann Strauss II.
The name has been used by families in the Germanic area for at least a thousand years. The overlord of Gröna, for example, went by the name of Struz and used the image of an ostrich as his symbol. Examples of it could still be seen on the thousand-year-old church bell of that town. "Struz" or "Strutz" is the North-German form of the word "Strauss", which is the modern German word for ostrich.
Some of the earliest Jewish bearers of the name hailed from the Judengasse in medieval Frankfurt, where families have been known by the name of the houses they inhabited. All the houses had names and these included Haus Strauß, complete with an image of an ostrich on the façade.
When, for tax purposes, Napoleon made surnames obligatory in 1808, some more Jewish families decided to adopt the Straus(s) name.

</doc>
<doc id="6943139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943139" title="Ralf Wadephul">
Ralf Wadephul

Ralf Wadephul, born 1958 in Berlin, is a German keyboardist/composer who collaborated with Tangerine Dream (Edgar Froese, Paul Haslinger) in the late 1980s on their first "Melrose Years" album "Optical Race" (1988). While all the material on this album was composed by Froese and Haslinger prior to him joining the band, Wadephul did contribute the track "Sun Gate", a romantic ballad type number that features an Edgar Froese guitar solo. He also performed with the band on their North American tour later that year. Ralf left the band shortly afterwards following the birth of his son Julian Wadephul. The 2006 Tangerine Dream release "Blue Dawn" consists of material composed by Froese and Wadephul during that same tour in 1988, albeit of a studio nature. Ralf continues to keep busy as a musician and sound engineer to this day.
In April 2008, he released his first ever solo album entitled "When Aliens Meet a Drop of Water" on the German Manikin Records label.

</doc>
<doc id="6943141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943141" title="Hector Faubel">
Hector Faubel



</doc>
<doc id="6943143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943143" title="Gordon Park Baker">
Gordon Park Baker

Gordon Park Baker (born at Englewood, New Jersey, 20 April 1938; died at Woodstock, Oxfordshire, 25 June 2002) was an American-English philosopher. His topics of interest included Ludwig Wittgenstein, Gottlob Frege, Friedrich Waismann, Bertrand Russell, the Vienna Circle, and René Descartes. He was noted for his collaboration with Peter Hacker and his disagreements with Michael Dummett.
Biography.
Baker was educated at Phillips Exeter Academy, Harvard University (major in mathematics), and, as a Marshall Scholar, at The Queen's College, Oxford, where he intended to read Philosophy, Politics, and Economics but transferred to Literae Humaniores (1960). He pursued his doctorate (1963–70) while teaching at the University of Kent and latterly as a Fellow of St John's College, Oxford.
He was a Trustee of the Waismann Fund.
His other interests included real tennis and the harpsichord.
He was married to Ann Pimlott (1964), with whom he had three sons: Alan, Geoffrey, and Nicholas. Alan is currently a professor of philosophy at Swarthmore College. From 1992 until Gordon Baker's death the philosopher Katherine Morris (Mansfield College, Oxford) was his acknowledged companion.

</doc>
<doc id="6943145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943145" title="Liswarta">
Liswarta

The Liswarta is a river in south-central Poland, a left tributary of the Warta river. The Liswarta has a length of 93 km and basin area of 1,558 km2. One of its tributaries is the Pankówka.

</doc>
<doc id="6943154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943154" title="Irish mission">
Irish mission



</doc>
<doc id="6943155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943155" title="Robbie Ray Stewart">
Robbie Ray Stewart



</doc>
<doc id="6943168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943168" title="Progne chalybea">
Progne chalybea



</doc>
<doc id="6943171" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943171" title="Grey-breasted Martin">
Grey-breasted Martin



</doc>
<doc id="6943182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943182" title="Microsoft .NET framework">
Microsoft .NET framework



</doc>
<doc id="6943185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943185" title="DOTNET">
DOTNET



</doc>
<doc id="6943187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943187" title="Haskell programming language">
Haskell programming language



</doc>
<doc id="6943190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943190" title="Northgate, Queensland">
Northgate, Queensland

Northgate is a suburb in the City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. In the , Northgate had a population of 4,876 people.
Geography.
The land area comprises industrial and residential areas.
Inter war homes can be found on Northgate Hill—elevated land that rises west of the railway station; and post World War II real estate on "the flat"—the large arc of flat land that extends to Moreton Bay at Nudgee Beach with most of the housing stock being post-WWII.
History.
The suburb's railway station was originally called "North Coast Junction", as it was the junction where the North Coast railway line branched from the Sandgate railway line (later the Shorncliffe railway line). In 1890, the Queensland Railways Department renamed the station "Northgate", being a coined word combining "North" from "North Coast" and "gate" from "Sandgate". The suburb is named after the railway station.
The Northgate-Virginia School of Arts was opened on 20 January 1922 by Matthew Nathan, the Queensland Governor. It consisted of a public hall and a library. It was taken over by the Brisbane City Council circa 1960 and became the Northgate-Virginia Municipal Library and held over 10,000 books. It ceased to be a library and returned to its former role as a public hall under the name Northgate Hall.
Northgate Methodist Church opened in 1928. In 1977, it participated in the amalgamation to create the Uniting Church in Australia and was then known as Northgate Uniting Church. It was subsequently closed, sold, and converted into a house. It was at 116 Peary Street ().
Golden Circle was established as a growers' co-operative in the 1940s. It opened a pineapple cannery in Northgate in 1947.
St Peter's Mission Anglican Church opened on 13 September 1947. It closed in August 1991. It was at 194 Toombul Road, Northgate East (); the church building no longer exists.
In February 1949, it was announced that the name of the new railway station on the Sandgate line built to service the cannery would be "Bindha", an Aboriginal word meaning "food".
On 8 April 1951, the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Brisbane, James Duhig, laid the foundation stone for St John's School on the corner of Nudgee Road and Fraser Road (). The school opened on 29 January 1952 and was operated by the Presentation Sisters. Declining enrolments caused the school to close at the end of 1995 school year.
Northgate State School opened on 27 January 1959.
St John's Catholic Church was built beside St John's School. Archbishop Duhig laid the foundation stone on 13 May 1962. The completed church was opened on Sunday 5 August 1962 by Archbishop Patrick O'Donnell who dedicated the church as a war memorial for the Royal Australian Navy.
Demographics.
In the , Northgate had a population of 4,304 people; 49.7% female and 50.3% male. The median age of the Northgate population was 34 years of age, 3 years below the Australian median. Children under 15 years made up 16.9% of the population and people aged 65 years and over made up 9.6% of the population. 72.1% of people living in Northgate were born in Australia, compared to the national average of 69.8%; the next most common countries of birth were New Zealand 4.8%, England 3.1%, India 3%, Philippines 1.1%, China 1.1%. 82.9% of people spoke only English at home; the next most popular languages were 2% Punjabi, 0.8% Hindi, 0.7% Cantonese, 0.7% Mandarin, 0.6% Tagalog.
In the , Northgate had a population of 4,568 people.
In the , Northgate had a population of 4,876 people.
Education.
Northgate State School is a government primary (Prep-6) school for boys and girls at 128 Amelia Street (). In 2017, the school had an enrolment of 258 students with 25 teachers (16 full-time equivalent) and 17 non-teaching staff (10 full-time equivalent). Although within the suburb of Northgate, it sits on the boundary with Nundah and is accessed via Amelia Street in Nundah. Virginia State School in Virginia and Nundah State School in Nundah also serve students in the north and west of Northgate respectively.
There are no secondary schools in Northgate. The nearest government secondary schools are Earnshaw State College in Banyo and Aviation High in Hendra.
Amenities.
The Northgate Hall is on the corner of Scott and Ridge Streets (). It is operated by the Brisbane City Council and can be hired for events.
St John's Catholic Church is at 688 Nudgee Road () within the Mother of Mercy parish.
Sports.
Norths Rugby League football club is located in Nundah, and has developed Australian footballers including Melbourne Storm players Billy Slater, Greg Inglis and Cooper Cronk.
Attractions.
Northgate holds the Golden Circle processing plant, which is on Earnshaw Road (). Golden Circle is long and occupies with its factories processing all the Golden Circle foods which are found in stores all around Australia. The factory in Northgate once contained a café for visitors to come to and sample Golden Circle produced food. The café and factory outlet is now closed but there are two new ones in Capalaba to the east of Brisbane and in Morayfield to the north of Brisbane.
Transport.
Northgate railway station is the junction for the Shorncliffe and North Coast Lines (), with frequent services to the city, Shorncliffe and Caboolture and interurban services to Nambour/Gympie. Northgate train station is the branching point were both Shorncliffe and Caboolture trains can be caught, meaning that a lot of express trains stop at Northgate, for passengers making a switch between branches. Transport for Brisbane also operates the "306" and "307" bus services through this suburb. The railway station was the limit of train service until the line was extended to Sandgate in the late 1880s.
In the 2011 census, 22.6% of employed people traveled to work on public transport and 53.2% by car (either as driver or as passenger).
Bindha railway station is on the Shorncliffe railway line on the boundary between Northgate and Virginia ().

</doc>
<doc id="6943197" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943197" title="NeedleHole">
NeedleHole



</doc>
<doc id="6943198" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943198" title="Nutcracker esophagus">
Nutcracker esophagus

Nutcracker esophagus, jackhammer esophagus, or hypercontractile peristalsis, is a disorder of the movement of the esophagus characterized by contractions in the smooth muscle of the esophagus in a normal sequence but at an excessive amplitude or duration. Nutcracker esophagus is one of several motility disorders of the esophagus, including achalasia and diffuse esophageal spasm. It causes difficulty swallowing (dysphagia) with both solid and liquid foods, and can cause significant chest pain; it may also be asymptomatic. Nutcracker esophagus can affect people of any age but is more common in the sixth and seventh decades of life. 
The diagnosis is made by an esophageal motility study (esophageal manometry), which evaluates the pressure of the esophagus at various points along its length. The term "nutcracker esophagus" comes from the finding of increased pressures during peristalsis, with a diagnosis made when pressures exceed 180 mmHg; this has been likened to the pressure of a mechanical nutcracker. The disorder does not progress, and is not associated with any complications; as a result, treatment of nutcracker esophagus targets control of symptoms only.
Signs and symptoms.
Nutcracker esophagus is characterized as a motility disorder of the esophagus, meaning that it is caused by abnormal movement, or peristalsis of the esophagus. People with motility disorders present with two main symptoms: chest pain or difficulty with swallowing. Chest pain is the more common. The chest pain is very severe and intense, and mimics cardiac chest pain. It may spread into the arm and back. The symptoms of nutcracker esophagus are intermittent, and may occur with or without food. Rarely, patients can present with a sudden obstruction of the esophagus after eating food (termed a food bolus obstruction, or the 'steakhouse syndrome') requiring urgent treatment. The disorder does not progress to produce worsening symptoms or complications, unlike other motility disorders (such as achalasia) or anatomical abnormalities of the esophagus (such as peptic strictures or esophageal cancer). Many patients with nutcracker esophagus do not have any symptoms at all, as esophageal manometry studies done on patients without symptoms may show the same motility findings as nutcracker esophagus. Nutcracker esophagus may also be associated with metabolic syndrome. The incidence of nutcracker esophagus in all patients is uncertain.
Pathophysiology.
Pathology specimens of the esophagus in patients with nutcracker esophagus show no significant abnormality, unlike patients with achalasia, where destruction of the Auerbach's plexus is seen. The pathophysiology of nutcracker esophagus may be related to abnormalities in neurotransmitters or other mediators in the distal esophagus. Abnormalities in nitric oxide levels, which have been seen in achalasia, are postulated as the primary abnormality. As GERD is associated with nutcracker esophagus, the alterations in nitric oxide and other released chemicals may be in response to reflux.
Diagnosis.
In patients who have dysphagia, testing may first be done to exclude an anatomical cause of dysphagia, such as distortion of the anatomy of the esophagus. This usually includes visualization of the esophagus with an endoscope, and can also include barium swallow X-rays of the esophagus. Endoscopy is typically normal in patients with nutcracker esophagus; however, abnormalities associated with gastroesophageal reflux disease, or GERD, which associates with nutcracker esophagus, may be seen. Barium swallow in nutcracker esophagus is also typically normal, but may provide a definitive diagnosis if contrast is given in tablet or granule form. Studies on endoscopic ultrasound show slight trends toward thickening of the muscularis propria of the esophagus in nutcracker esophagus, but this is not useful in making the diagnosis.
Esophageal motility studies.
The diagnosis of nutcracker esophagus is typically made with an esophageal motility study, which shows characteristic features of the disorder. Esophageal motility studies involve pressure measurements of the esophagus after a patient takes a wet (fluid-containing) or dry (solid-containing) swallow. Measurements are usually taken at various points in the esophagus.
Nutcracker esophagus is characterized by a number of criteria described in the literature. The most commonly used criteria are the Castell criteria, named after American gastroenterologist D.O. Castell. The Castell criteria include one major criterion: a mean peristaltic amplitude in the distal esophagus of more than 180 mm Hg. The minor criterion is the presence of repetitive contractions (meaning two or more) that are greater than six seconds in duration. Castell also noted that the lower esophageal sphincter relaxes normally in nutcracker esophagus, but has an elevated pressure of greater than 40 mm Hg at baseline.
Three other criteria for the definition of the nutcracker esophagus have been defined. The Gothenburg criterion consists of the presence of peristaltic contractions, with an amplitude of 180 mm Hg at any place in the esophagus. The Richter criterion involves the presence of peristaltic contractions with an amplitude of greater than 180 mm Hg from an average of measurements taken 3 and 8 cm above the lower esophageal sphincter. It has been incorporated into a number of clinical guidelines for the evaluation of dysphagia. The Achem criteria are more stringent, and are an extension of the study of 93 patients used by Richter and Castell in the development of their criteria, and require amplitudes of greater than 199 mm Hg at 3 cm above the lower esophageal sphincter (LES), greater than 172 mm Hg at 8 cm above the LES, or greater than 102 mm Hg at 13 cm above the LES.
Treatment.
People are usually reassured that the disease is unlikely to worsen. However, the symptoms of chest pain and trouble swallowing may be severe enough to require treatment with medications, and rarely, surgery.
The initial step of treatment focuses on reducing risk factors. While weight reduction may be useful in reducing symptoms, the role of acid suppression therapy to reduce esophageal reflux is still uncertain. Very cold and very hot beverages may trigger esophageal spasms.
Medications.
Medications for nutcracker esophagus includes the use of calcium-channel blockers, which relax the lower esophageal sphincter (LES) and palliate the dysphagia symptoms. Diltiazem, a calcium-channel blocker, has been used in randomized control studies with good effect. Nitrate medications, including isosorbide dinitrate, given before meals, may also help relax the LES and improve symptoms. The inexpensive generic combination of belladonna and phenobarbital (Donnatal and other brands) may be taken three times daily as a tablet to prevent attacks or, for patients with only occasional episodes, as an elixir at the onset of symptoms. Phosphodiesterase inhibitors, such as sildenafil, can be given to reduce symptoms, particularly pain, but small trials have not been able to demonstrate clinical improvement.
Procedures.
Endoscopic therapy with botulinum toxin can also be used to improve dysphagia which stabilizes unintentional weight loss, but the effect has limited effect on other symptoms, including pain, while also being a temporary treatment lasting a few weeks. Finally, pneumatic dilatation of the esophagus, which is an endoscopic technique where a high-pressure balloon is used to stretch the muscles of the LES, can be performed to improve symptoms, but again no clinical improvement is seen in regards to motility.
In people who have no response to medical or endoscopic therapy, surgery can be performed. A Heller myotomy involves an incision to disrupt the LES and the myenteric plexus that innervates it. The Heller myotomy is used as a final treatment option in patients who do not respond to other therapies.
Prognosis.
Nutcracker esophagus is a benign, nonprogressive condition, meaning it is not associated with significant complications.

</doc>
<doc id="6943204" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943204" title="Erik Ejegod">
Erik Ejegod



</doc>
<doc id="6943207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943207" title="Stephane N'Guema">
Stephane N'Guema



</doc>
<doc id="6943210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943210" title="H-4B visa">
H-4B visa



</doc>
<doc id="6943211" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943211" title="Eric Ejegod">
Eric Ejegod



</doc>
<doc id="6943212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943212" title="Church of St Mary, Fetcham">
Church of St Mary, Fetcham

St Mary's Church, Fetcham, Surrey, England is a Church of England parish church (community) but also refers to its building which dates to the 11th century, that of the Norman Conquest and as such is the settlement's oldest building. It is set off the residential road of its address, The Ridgeway, behind a small park, in the suburban part of the largely 20th century railway settlement adjoining the M25 London Orbital Motorway which has retained farmed rural outskirts. The closest secular building is Grade II* listed Fetcham Park House, which is in the same architectural category and the church has an adjoining church hall.
Structure and fittings.
Built during Anglo-Saxon and early Norman periods, the structure has been conjectured by the Victoria County History's architectural analysis to have been a redevelopment of an Anglo-Saxon church: 
Traces of its long past exist in many parts of its structure. These include the south-west quoin of the nave, and a single splay window high on the south wall with traces of Roman brick, as well as arches which fit with the architecture prevailing before the Norman Conquest of 1066.
In the 19th century a considerable amount of restoration and improvement in the church was carried out by Rev. Sir Edward Moon rector from 1854 to 1904. Moon inherited his baronetcy in 1871 on the death of his father Sir Francis Moon, 1st Baronet, who was commemorated in much of the restoration work in the church. The work included the addition of some mid-Victorian stained glass windows.
In 1857 a 13th century wall painting was uncovered at the East end of the North aisle. The original painting no longer exists although a full size copy is available for viewing through Guilford Library service and a photo of it is included in the reference. 
The church gained Grade II* listed status in 1951.
Services.
On Sundays there are Communion Services at 08.00 (Book of Common Prayer) and 09.30 (Common Worship). At 11.15 there is Informal Worship, with the Gener8 All Age worship taking place on the first Sunday in the month.
On Sunday evenings there is Choral Evensong (second Sunday), RESTORE Cafe Church (third Sunday) and REFLECT reflective service (fourth Sunday).
There is also a midweek communion service on Thursday at 10.00am and a parish prayer meeting at 09.30 on Saturday.
Activ8 for under 12's and Creche for under 3's takes place on Sunday at 9.30 and 11.15am (except when there is Gener8 All Age worship at 11.15) .
Monuments.
The church has wall monuments to Anthony Rous and Henry Vincent (a praying bust with an open book, in a cartouche with Corinthian small columns), both died 1631; in the left side of the porch is a large lettered tablet dated 1717 recording details of a charitable trust as administered among its mainstay of poor relief for centuries by the parish, until the advent of local government in the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="6943215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943215" title="Yik-Man Wong">
Yik-Man Wong

Yik-Man Wong (born 3 November 1990 in Tilburg) is a Dutch professional badminton player. She mainly participates in singles matches.

</doc>
<doc id="6943216" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943216" title="Edward Winslow (disambiguation)">
Edward Winslow (disambiguation)

Edward Winslow was an American Pilgrim leader on the "Mayflower".
Edward Winslow may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="6943226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943226" title="St Andrews Sarcophagus">
St Andrews Sarcophagus

The Saint Andrews Sarcophagus is a Pictish monument dating from the second half of the 8th century. The sarcophagus was recovered beginning in 1833 during excavations by St Andrew's Cathedral in Scotland, and in 1922 the surviving components were reunited. The sarcophagus is on display at the Cathedral museum in St Andrews, close to the site of its discovery.
Description.
As originally constructed the sarcophagus would have comprised two side panels, two end panels, four corner pieces and a roof slab. The roof slab is entirely missing, as are most of one side and one end panel and a corner piece so that the extant sarcophagus is essentially L-shaped. The external dimensions of the sarcophagus are and a height of . The stone used is a local sandstone.
The surviving side panel shows, from right to left, a figure breaking the jaws of a lion, a mounted hunter with his sword raised to strike a leaping lion, and a hunter on foot, armed with a spear and assisted by a hunting dog, about to attack a wolf. Although it is not certain that the first two figures represent the same person, 19th-century illustrations depict them as if they are. The surviving end panel is much simpler, essentially a cross with four small panels between the arms. The fragments of the missing end panel are similar, but not identical, to the surviving one.
Discovery.
The sarcophagus was discovered within the grounds of the cathedral near the St Regulus Chapel. The cathedral had been in use from when it was constructed during the 1100s until it was stripped of all its altars and images, left in ruins and abandoned after 1559 during the Scottish Reformation. Much of its remaining stonework was recycled over the years into buildings in the town of St Andrews.
In the course of digging a grave in 1833, workmen discovered the remaining large fragments of the sarcophagus at a depth of about . Through the years various casts of the pieces were made, but the original pieces were not reassembled until 1922.
Historical opinion.
Historians differ on who was likely to have been interred in the sarcophagus. Although it is generally presumed that it was commissioned by the Pictish King Óengus, or Onuist, a Christian who died in 761, whether it was actually used for his corpse, for his predecessor, Nechtan mac Der Ilei, or for a later personage is unclear.

</doc>
<doc id="6943227" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943227" title="Chau dance">
Chau dance



</doc>
<doc id="6943231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943231" title="Lophophores">
Lophophores



</doc>
<doc id="6943233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943233" title="The Backbeat Band">
The Backbeat Band



</doc>
<doc id="6943236" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943236" title="Reichenau Primer">
Reichenau Primer

The Reichenau Primer ("Reichenauer Schulheft") is an early 9th-century manuscript of 8 folia kept in the St. Paul abbey library in Lavanttal, Carinthia (Stift St. Paul Cod. 86a/1), (a ninth leaf is kept separately in Karlsruhe), probably written in Reichenau abbey or St. Gallen abbey, but possibly also elsewhere in the wider region, brought to Reichenau at a later date. It came to St. Blasien in the 18th century.
The content is in insular script, apparently scribal practice by an Irish monk. It contains mainly Latin hymns and grammatical texts, with added glosses in Old High German, but also Greek declension tables, astronomical tables and notably Old Irish poems, among them "Pangur Bán".

</doc>
<doc id="6943240" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943240" title="Walter Girardi">
Walter Girardi

Walter Girardi (born in Schio, 16 April 1976) is a former Italian Alpine skier. He currently lives in Villafranca di Verona. 183 cm tall and weighing 85 kg, he was registered with the Sports Group Finanza.
Girardi was the Italian national champion, in the downhill, in 2006 and 2007. He announced his retirement from the sport in June 2009.
World Cup.
His début in the World Cup was on 5 January 1997 in the giant slalom in Kranjska Gora. Girardi competed in many subsequent events.
European Cup.
Girardi has four wins in the European Cup: the Giant Slalom of Gällivare in 1999, Super Giant of Megève and Sella Nevea in 2005, and the downhill in Saalbach in 2006. In the season 2004–05 he won the speciality cup in the Super G, finishing third overall in the final ranking.

</doc>
<doc id="6943243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943243" title="Freudian unconscious">
Freudian unconscious



</doc>
<doc id="6943244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943244" title="MySingleFriend.com">
MySingleFriend.com

Mysinglefriend.com is a UK online dating site which claimed, in July 2013, to have over 200,000 users. One of the original founders is Sarah Beeny, a TV presenter on Channel 4. Sarah is no longer involved in the running of it having sold in 2016 retaining a minority shareholding.
The site describes itself as having "a no-nonsense approach to dating", as all of the dating profiles on the site are written by friends of single people, instead of the single person themselves. The single person can approve what has been written before it goes live, and their friend can also get involved by recommending other users on MySingleFriend to them.
The site aims to match make singles through their friend's descriptions of them, building an online community and taking away the hassle and stigma of writing your own dating profile.
My Single Friend Limited.
Mysinglefriend.com is owned by "My Single Friend Limited", a company registered in England in August 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="6943246" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943246" title="Freeport City">
Freeport City



</doc>
<doc id="6943249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943249" title="West burton">
West burton



</doc>
<doc id="6943253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943253" title="Irish monk">
Irish monk



</doc>
<doc id="6943254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943254" title="Calcium-channel blocker">
Calcium-channel blocker



</doc>
<doc id="6943260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943260" title="Politics of the UAE">
Politics of the UAE



</doc>
<doc id="6943265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943265" title="Freedom Alliance">
Freedom Alliance

Freedom Alliance can refer to various political and ideological groups and movements, including: 

</doc>
<doc id="6943267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=6943267" title="The Tall Men (TV series)">
The Tall Men (TV series)



</doc>
